
@_date: 2001-11-09 20:46:56
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
Sent: Friday, November 09, 2001 3:12 PM
Then let's make proper use of technology. We want to make sure the ID card
is issued by the correct authority, that's almost exactly what digital
signatures were designed for. Just create some uniform way of computing the
data from the card (easiest would be to just use a plain old-fashioned
smartcard), and check the signature against a publicly known public key.
It's really quite simple.
That is the far bigger problem. Identifying these people simply won't make
any difference. If a person is intent on being a suicide bomber, they will
blow other people up with them, no matter how well we can make an
Couldn't get the thumbprint idea going that quick, but smartcards and
smartcard readers are already in mass production making my idea not easy,
but possible to get underway in 60 days. Completion though would be a matter
of approximately a decade.
Very good examples of how not to go about it. My idea (while far from
perfect or fully developed) lacks the same bottleneck points, the only
information that needs to be accessed millions of times remains static
across years, with a retrieval rate like that it would be more than possible
to simply broadcast the key over a public broadcasting station along side
the current time, since nobody is watching anyway you could easily take over
the closed captioning for a few seconds to send out the key. I'm clearly not
addressing certification of the key as correct but having the president read
back a hash of it at the state of the union address (couldn't be any more
boring than the rest) would certainly provide some evidence.
I agree, no matter what method is chosen, the possibilities for abuse are
excessive (some of these people can't even be trusted not to use a phone
book improperly, give then some real power and who knows what will happen),
and the value of the target is too great. Let's pretend that my idea is
used. Let's say each card costs $10 to issue. How much is impersonation
worth? Well for something of the impact of Sept 11 it could easily be
estimated at billions of dollars. That will buy a massive amount of computer
power, a large quantity of the world's best mathematicians, and a
significant amount of time. I don't like the odds of DSA against that, it's
too close to the wire right now, supplying a target of this size could be
devastating. That leaves RSA varients, but for billions of dollars and a
significant amount of time 2^80 work (SHA1) isn't that much, some less fully
examined algorithm would have to be used, that presents it's own problems.
Basically the target is simply too big for current standards, once SHA-512
is fully examined there may be a chance, but until then I just don't think
the card everyone idea is cryptographicly feasible. The non-cryptographic
methods would pose additional problems because anything that can be
phyisically made by one person can be physically made by another.
That's true, we certainly lose more people to far more mundane things every
day than the WTC tragedy caused. But at the same time you have to realize
that most people don't think about bee stings as a cause of death, they
don't even think about bed they sleep in as a cause of death (look up the
statistics it's hilarious), and both of those cause vastly more deaths each
year as terrorism on average. The problem is that the media has hyped this
up, the president's handlers have told him that this is a big deal, as a
result of this the general populus wants blood. Thinking people know taht we
will never eliminate terrorism, well I guess on a technicality we could, but
it would require extermination of all but 1 human.
I think that line says it all.
                        Joe

@_date: 2001-12-19 03:35:35
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
Sent: Tuesday, December 18, 2001 7:14 PM
Actually that's not true. Take for example the nearly nationwide ban on
committing suicide. This clearly only impacts a single person directly, and
is by it's very act clearly consensual. But it has even been proposed that
attempted suicide should be tried as attempted murder 1. Oddly enough this
would in some areas make attempted suicide punishable by death. There are
other examples of similar, but not as ludicrous, legal situations where the
only person being impacted is the person acting, but it's still illegal.
                            Joe

@_date: 2002-02-25 06:18:21
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Jail Cell Cipher (modified RC4) 
Sent: Saturday, February 23, 2002 8:15 AM
In this case they are two different attacks. The first attack being the
distinguisher which will let the attacker read the plaintext, but not
necessarily find the internal state. The second an attack on the internal
state where the known small variations in the state between outputs could be
used to compute a state that is at least a full collision on the outputs.
I think that will be small enough to save the security of the system, but
I'm not sure.
Why not just memorize the permutation table? It's only 37 characters. Also I
don't see where a difference of an hour or two will necessarily make a
difference, the point of incarceration is that you can't go out and do
anything you want, you have to sit in your cell for 23 hours a day. So
anything that you can encrypt in 23 hours is good enough. By your estimates
that gives time for 27 KSAs (which wouldn't increase security in the
slightest, a permutation is a permutation) which I think should be more than
enough KSAs for any reasonable demands.
It's the security of the scheme, not the usability, that I am questioning. I
think the artifacts of RC4 will be enhanced to the point where the security
is, for all practical purposes, useless. The only question remaining in my
mind is how long before those artifacts can be detected and/or made use of?
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-02-23 07:33:49
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: RE: Jail Cell Cipher (modified RC4) 
; "'R. A. Hettinga'" Sent: Friday, February 22, 2002 10:15 PM
Unfortunately it has a rather damning effect on the cipher. First in the key
scheduling there is a distinct possibility of keys that are impossible. It
assumes that all K[i] are generators mod 37, so using a key where the offset
is 0 will result in an infinite loop in the key scheduling, this is
obviously a bad design decision. Second the distinguisher from random for
such a small RC4 state would require a relatively small known plaintext. In
fact at that size I think there are better attacks against it than the
distinguishers known for full sized RC4. I believe it would be achievable to
actually determine that complete state, although it would take more
significant amounts of work than would be applied to most inmate mail (an
encrypted message would probably be simply discarded and never delivered).
I don't think this reduced version of RC4 would be very suitable even
assuming a perfect delivery mechanism. I've actually considered a similar
question before
4%241%40nntp9.atl.mindspring.net&frame=off), I never managed to come up with
anything really suitable. I did find a solution where the inmate is given a
computer and a compiler, use RC5 to key itself (very similar to Blowfish), a
128-bit block, and 20 rounds. Should withstand pretty much any analysis work
(except "throw it in the trash" cryptanalysis). This suffers from being
difficult to calculate with a pencil and paper, and so doesn't really fit
the requirement for a jail cell cipher.
Using full RC4 is actually doable. Take a sheet (or multiple sheets) of
paper, create 3 sets of 0,...,255 numbers. on a large table in front of you
(or in a controlled grid) place the first 0...255 set in order, that's your
state array, the other two sets are for your i and j values. If a guard is
approaching and the data must be destroyed simply blow very hard and all the
numbers are scrambled. Of course you will probably be adding and subtracting
instead of performing XOR. This is obviously pain-staking, and slow, but it
will offer the same security as a computer running the RC4 algorithm.
                       Joe

@_date: 2002-04-30 08:35:38
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: RE: disk encryption modes 
RE: disk encryption modes----- Original Message -----
third party
destroy your
But all you did was add another point of failure.
sent to the
writing a
file) you
Do you really think they'd access your computer in place? Instead they'd
move it to a secure location, where it couldn't touch the outside world,
they'd tear out your driver, put in their own, and poof not only can it not
talk, it has a new brain.
performance hit.
Not likely. You're slowing the system down at several critical points:
1) Random number generation
            This is a very expensive operation to get right under most
constraints, so it'll noticably slow the performance of writing a sector
2) Cipher keying
            All the other suggestions have required keying a cipher once and
only once, yours requires keying it every 4096KB of write. Since keying a
cipher is generally one of the worst thigns you could do (very often more
expensive than encrypting), you're introducing a critical slow-down
3) writing to the storage medium
            You've apparently forgotten that there is only one bus.
                You write to the hard drive, it spools
                then you write to the flash RAM, it doesn't spool, and can
take significantly longer, especially if you have to do any searching
These will result in an enormous slowdown to the speed of the system.
for a corporate laptop computer.
Not in any company I know of, the goal of any reasonably run company is to
make as much profit as possible. That means that wasteful spending on flash
RAM modules that only serve to add an additional point of failure to the
                            Joe

@_date: 2002-04-29 20:44:16
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Re: disk encryption modes 
Re: Re: disk encryption modes----- Original Message -----
reasonable performance, good security, and be
Actually under many circumstances it will be absurdly slow. The rekey for
each block can be extremely expensive.
noise, digitized samples of monkeys farting
hardware RNG's, etc. Hash and whiten to your
data cryptographically indistinguishable
this device since it started has no more than
First, it's a requirement for this that an attacker given bits [0,n-1] and
[n, infinite] can determine nothing about n, since you will be using future
values as well.
the cluster size is 4096 bytes. Different
For clarity's sake, I will stick with the 4K
256 bit key, You can use a block cipher (in a
block key is the master disk encryption key,
half)  and the other 128 bits are the
cluster is written to (hereafter referred
separate file which can be on a CDRW disc,
bytes of the file is the temporary 128 bits of the
cluster, and so on. Each time a disk cluster is
encrypt the cluster data, and then is
temporary key half is read from the
data is decrypted.
This has the same need for a second storage location problem as the other
suggestion along the same lines. Additionally it has a key agility problem.
And have you actually done the math on encrypting your 100GB drive, and how
much flash RAM it will take, it will require 200 MB. That is an added
expense which consumers will not like. I checked, devices that large are
still in the multiple hundred dollars category, it would be cheaper to buy a
second hard drive of that size and carry it with you, then you share split
all the blocks, and poof it's secure. But I wouldn't recommend that either.
People wouldn't want to use their CDRW for this purpose, they want to use it
for CDs, not for hard drive access, so that is simply an even more expensive
option (a second CDRW drive).
versions of the file, or even any 2 4K sections of the
many instances of similar ciphertexts as obvious
But it suffers from the worst usage characteristics of any of the
suggestions so far, as well as having the highest pricetag.
temporary key file on separate media, (like a
until extra crispy) thereby
rubberhosed out of someone.
Or just carry around your CDRW until it inevitably gets scratched and you
lose portions of your hard drive. With flash RAM you don't have this
problem, and it works out less expensive, but it's still multiple hundreds
of dollars, not a viable option.
files; a real one and several dummies, so
 > that an attacker could be confused as to which file was real until the
real one had already been destroyed.
Which wouldn't matter in the slightest since any reasonable attacker would
simply grab all the disks at once, and worry about which one was real later
on. Not to mention that if the target grabs one disk and tries to destroy
it, that's a major clue as to which one is real.
somewhere with no extradition treaty
to cut off access to, and securely destroy
bogus one) if a certain signal was received.
Not a bad idea, but it has a fatal flaw, how do you access this data? If you
go over there and grab the disk in person, you'll simple be arrested when
you return, the disk confiscated, and your computer accessed. If you don't
go over there, then the disk is at best useless, at worst your "trusted"
individual sells it to your worst enemies.
have been arrested and burn the CD the real
secret splitting or RAID techniques where the
needed to reconstitute the entire file. You can
requirements and your paranoia level.
Yeah, it's the worst design suggestion so far, at least at the consumer
level. It may have uses at military levels, or at other levels where cost is
not a concern, but since the target is to get this on every desktop it's
simply not doable.
                            Joe

@_date: 2002-04-24 19:52:27
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: (P)RNG's and k-distribution 
Ummm, wrong. That would imply that in a binary stream, once 0 has been used
it can never be used again. This of course means that the next must be 1
(which has no entropy, but that is besides the point). Following this, there
can be no stream. The requirement for a perfect RNG is that given data
points [0,n-1] and [n+1, infinite] it is impossible to determine the point n
with any skew in the probability (in binary it simplifies to "with
probability higher than 1/2").
Note that this does not mean that the data point n cannot be the same as
some other point m, simply that m happened (will happen) and the exact time
(place) of it' happening doesn't help determine the value at n.
For an RNG, the only requirement be that it generates numbers that resemble
random in some way, it is the super-class of true RNG, pseudo RNG, perfect
RNG, and pretty much any other RNG you can think of.
Wrong again. The requirement for a pseudo RNG is that it has an algorithm
(very often a key as well) that generates the sequence. There are
exceptions, /dev/random is a pseudo RNG, even though it breaks this rule.
Actually I think that's true.
That depends, as I pointed out earlier /dev/random is a pseudo RNG, given a
system in use the internal state is ever changing (assuming the use is at
least slightly entropic), /dev/random has perturbations in it's state that
make it non-repeating, yes it does have a certain quantity of state, but
that state continually has an additional mix of entropy into it.
Only the tests on the stream, tests on the device itself can be state-less,
eliminating the window effect. It has been proven that one cannot test
randomness of the output stream, leaving only the possibility of testing the
randomness that the device itself is creating (or harvesting).
                        Joe

@_date: 2002-04-24 19:34:15
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: RE: Lucky's 1024-bit post [was: RE: objectivity and factoring   analysis] 
For encryption, you're out of luck, just the overhead is sending the data
over the relatively slow link to the device is longer than it takes a 486 to
do the 2048-bit encryption (or signature verification). For
decryption/signing the matter is entirely different. Assuming that p and q
are known on decryption, it's a fairly simple matter to use the Chinese
Remainder Theorem along with the 1024-bit mod-exponentiators, to get the
correct answer. The problem is that some of those same decryption/signing
engines already use this trick and so they really only support 512-bit ops,
in which case you're in the same boat as the encryption.
The good part of all this is that many companies are now expanding their
line to offer 2048-bit capable machines, so it shouldn't be long before
everyone can finally retire their 1024-bit keys, and maintain speed.
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-04-01 03:45:36
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise 
I have done a significant amount of considering on the very questions raised
in this. This consideration has spanned approximately a month of time. These
are my basic conclusions:
Bernstein's proposal does have an impact, but I do not believ that 3x the
key size is necessary
I believe Bernstein's proposal results in the necessity of a keysize of
approximately 1.5 times what was required before
I believe that there are further similar advances available to the
algorithms involved that can push this to approximately 2x
I have reached these considerations through a very long thought process that
involved digging through old textbooks on electrical engineering, and a
fundamental assumption that people will only construct these machines when
there is a stimulus to do so. So for example it would not be reasonable for
me to construct one to break 768-bit keys because I have little interest in
the actual data, merely whether or not the data is secure. Similarly, IBM
would not likely construct one simply because it would be economically more
feasible to dedicate that money towards research. The NSA and similar
organizations is extremely likely to strongly consider building such a
machine because they have the money, and the mandate to to whatever it takes
to gain access to the data encrypted by militaries around the world. Are
these assumptions necessarily correct? In their fundamental form they are
not, Linux is proof of this (people giving their freetime to something that
they get effetively nothing out of), however since we are talking about a
very significant investment of money to make one of usable size, these
assumptions are likely to be approximately correct.
This means that according to my considerations it seems reasonable to
decommission all 512-bit keys immediately (these ahouls hyave been
decomissioned years ago, but there are still a few floating around), 768-bit
keys should be decommissioned at the earliest realizable opportunity (I
don't believe they are in immediate danger of compromise, but they are
compromisable), 1024-bit keys should now be considered moderately secure in
the immediate future and decommissioned over the next couple years, 1536-bit
keys are for reasonable purposes secure, 2048-bit keys are secure for all
but the most demanding situations, and 4096-bit keys are still effectively
This of course makes some very blanket assumptions about the desirability of
breaking a specific key. If no one wants to read what's inside, you don't
even really need to encrypt it (note the difference between need and want).
It will still cost a minimum of 10^9 US dollars to break 1024-bit keys.
Considering that most businesses and many governments won't have this value
of information transferred in the next 100 years, the desire to break
1024-bit keys simply isn't there.
Also examine _who_ wants to read your data. If it's just messages back and
forth from your girlfriend/wife/mistress it's unlikely that 512-bits will be
broken. If you are protecting state secrets, obviously you need to consider
things more carefully, and 4096-bit keys may not even offer enough security.
As usual there is no one-stop solution for every situation, only more
considerations that need to be made. I welcome any comments on my
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-04-26 18:48:11
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: RE: Two ideas for random number generation 
Why does it feel weak? CBC is provably as secure as the block cipher (when
used properly), and a disk drive is really no different from many others. Of
course you have to perform various gyrations to synchronise everything
correctly, but it's doable.
Well it's not all the complicated. That that same key, and encrypt the disk
block number, or address or anything else. This becomes completely redoable
(or if you're willing to sacrifice a small portion of each block you can
even explicitly stor ethe IV.
Not really you'd have to change the key every time you write to disk, not
exactly a good idea, it makes key distribution a nightmare, stick with CBC
for disk encryption.
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-04-22 18:15:54
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
Actually that's not necessarily the case. Let's use your example of a
Multimedia stream server that is filling a 10GBit/s connection. Right now
the current minimum seems to be 56kbit/s. So that means that if every
available connection is taken in the same second, the server would only need
a rate of 2.2 million bits/sec from it's RNG to build a 128-bit key for
each. A good design for this though has the client doing most of the random
number choosing, where the only purpose of the server random number is to
prevent the client of biasing the result, so 128-bits is more than
sufficient. So 2.2 Mbit/sec seems to be the peak for that. Finding
situations where a decent design will yield a need for an RNG to run about 1
Gbit/sec is extremely difficult. With poor designs it's actually rather
easy, take a RNG that is poor enough (or a situation where that is a basic
assumption) that it has to be distilled to 1 billionth it's size, obviously
to support that multimedia stream server would require 2.2 million Gigabits
per second (approximately).
I think it would be a good process to go through to develop a design for
one, or at least a basic outline for how it could be done, but the basic
idea that comes to mind looks a lot like /dev/random, but run in parallel
collecting from several sources including a custom hardware pool similar to
the Intel RNG.
                                    Joe

@_date: 2002-04-22 04:53:20
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
Sent: Sunday, April 21, 2002 1:33 PM
Because with a pRNG we can sometimes prove very important things, while with
a RNG we can prove very little (we can't even prove that entropy actually
exists, let alone that we can collect it).
The problem is not having that much internal state, but what do you do with
it? Currently the best options on that front involve using block ciphers in
various modes, but this has a rather small state, but again we can quite
often prove things about the construct.
                Joe

@_date: 2002-04-22 18:23:29
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Two ideas for random number generation: Q for Eugene 
You act like the only possible way to figure it out is to guess the initial
seed. The truth is that the number used leaves a substantial amount of
residue in it's square root, and there are various rules that can be applied
to square roots as well. Since with high likelihood you will have a lot of
small factors but few large ones, it's a reasonable beginning to simply
store the roots of the first many primes, this gives you a strong network to
work from when looking for those leftover signatures. With decent likelihood
the first 2^32 primes would be sufficient for this when you choose 100 bit
numbers, and this attack will be much faster than brute force. So while you
have defeated brute force (no surprise there, brute force is easy to defeat)
you haven't developed a strong enough generation sequence to really get much
of anywhere.
Because it's a broken pRNG, that is extremely expensive to run. If you want
a fast pRNG you look to ciphers in CTR mode, or stream ciphers, if you want
one that's provably good you go to BBS (which is probably faster than your
algorithm anyway). So there's no good reason to implement such an algorithm.
Just the delusion that your algorithm was good.
                            Joe

@_date: 2002-04-23 06:23:18
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
Actually there are models that fit the universe that are entirely
deterministic. Admittedly the current line of thinking is that entropy
exists, but there we still have not proven that it must exist.
And RC4 is far from a good RNG of any type, it's distinguishable from random
fairly easily, and unless it's used very carefully it's weak. If one were to
try to guess all 1684 bits it would be exceedingly difficult, but to start
with, it's only a permutation so the space is much smaller, in addition the
state itself has more attacks available against it. Like I said, the "best
options" come from block ciphers.
                        Joe

@_date: 2002-04-27 07:34:34
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: disk encryption modes (Re: RE: Two ideas for random number generation) 
others. Of
That could be a problem, you pointed out more information in your other
message, but obviously this would have to be dealt with somehow. I was goign
to suggest that maybe it would be better to encrypt at the file level, but
this can very often leak more information, and depending on how you do it,
will leak directory stucture. There has to be a better solution.
That is a good point, of course we could just use the old standby solution,
throw hardware at it. The hardware encrypts at disk (or even disk cache)
speed on the drive, eliminating all issues of this type. Not a particularly
cost-effective solution in many cases, but a reasonable option for others.
Actually I was referring to changing the data portion of the block from
{IV, data}
placing all the IVs at the head of every read. This of course will sacrifice
k bits of the data space for little reason.
Yeah the defragmentation would have to be smart, it can't simply copy the
dick block (with the disk block based IV) to a new location. This problem
disappears in the {IV, data} block type, but that has other problems that
are at least as substantial.
Or if you decide to throw hardware at it.
It's worse than that, there's actually an attack on the cipher. Paul details
this fairly well on his page about Mercy.
I agree, and I'd like to see more work done on interesting designs in this
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-04-28 19:50:56
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: disk encryption modes 
A great many place, but probably the place it's most easily noticed is on
the freeway (where it's also a matter of speed). When was the last time you
saw a number of people (there will of course be 1 occassionally) that
voluntarily does 10% under the speed limit? Very often (at least everywhere
I've driven, excluding rush hour) everyone does the maximum speed they can
get away with. Most often the difference between what vehicles can get away
with, and the speed people are driving is a matter of < 5% (freeway speed
limit on 101 in San Jose 65, maximum expectable speed without a ticket 70,
speed I did on the way to the restaurant for breakfast about 69, difference
1.4%). On the freeway people notice a speed difference of almost 1 %, and
it's just the first place that came to mind.
1 in
Sure, current disks are 80 GB or larger for a decent sized setup. Since
we've got 512 KB blocks that leaves 152587 blocks on the disk. If each block
has a 1 in 65536 chance of collision, there will be somewhere in the
neighborhood of 100000 collisions on the disk. Since on the average
businessman's computer there will be an enormous quantity of Word DOC files,
all of which have the same header (standard Word header followed by standard
letterhead), there will likely be a collision just based on those alone, at
least within a company. Each of those collisions highlights with almost
complete certainty a pair of Word Docs, which almost certainly contain
business information, which makes them the first targets. So there will be
leakage from the proposed technique.
                        Joe

@_date: 2002-04-28 05:06:31
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: disk encryption modes 
The bigger problem is that you're cutting drive performance by 14%,
considering that people notice a matter of < 10%, people are going to
complain, and economically this will be a flop. A drive setup like this
would be worse than useless, it would give the impression that encryption
must come at the cost of speed. Designing this into a current system would
set the goal of encryption everywhere back.
Which is no where near useful. 1 in 65536 is trivial in cryptographic terms,
especially when compared to 1 in approx
340000000000000000000000000000000000000. Additionally you'll be sacrificing
_more_ of the sector to what amount to IV, and in exchange you'll be
decreasing security. If instead in that 512KB block you take up 128 bits,
you'll only lose about 0.02% performance and we were already trying to avoid
that (although for other reasons).
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-05-31 18:38:01
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: How can i check the authenticity of a private key 
Sent: Friday, May 31, 2002 5:30 AM
Sure, and it's fairly easy too. Choose some random data, encrypt with the
public key, decrypt with the private key, if the data isn't corrupted, then
they match. Of course this isn't a perfect way of telling, but with any
given potential key pair it's steep odds. If you want to really be sure,
pass it through a few times.
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-05-01 23:39:57
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: disk encryption modes 
Actually all it means in this case is the same ciphertext, since the key is
the same it of course carries back to the plaintext, but that is irrelevant
at this point. The ciritical fact is that the ciphertexts are the same.
The only one that matters is the beginning of the disk block, since that is
what was being detected.
It has everything to do with practical security. This collision of headers
leaks information, that leak is what I highlighted.
docs is
What I said was that given a significant number of documents with identical
headers (I selected Word documents because business men generally have a lot
of them), it will be possible to detect a reasonable percentage of them
fairly easily. I never implied, much less stated that there would be 100,000
of these, I stated that there is somewhere on the order of 100,000
possibilities for collision (80,000 is close enough, even 50,000 can
sometimes be considered to be on the same order).
The ability to identify that document X and document Y are word documents
may in fact be a serious leak under some circumstances, including where the
data path has been tracked. To steal an example from the current news, if HP
and Compaq had trusted the cryptography, and their messages (but not the
contents) had been traced, and linked, there would have been a substantial
prior knowledge of the something big happening, this would have meant an
opportunity for someone to perform insider trading without any evidence of
it. This encryption mode poses a significant, real security threat in
realistic situations.
                            Joe

@_date: 2002-06-25 21:08:49
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
I disagree that these are entirely contradictory. The first is a statement
in the realm of logic; that if Bob is prepared to deal with whatever
consequences will occur because of the publication of the conversation,
there is nothing Alice can do to stop him (short of killing him before he
The second is a statement in the realm of law, that companies will try to
rid themselves of any requirements that are painful to their bottomline. In
the current case there is a perceived threat of this nature (right or wrong)
regarding the TCPA, that corporations are using their monetary power to
revoke rights that are currently enjoyed.
These statements are not contradictory; Alice can still do as she pleases to
the TCPA devices in her computer, the problem arises that she may have to
deal with substantial civil and criminal penalties for doing so. This is
similar to the question "Is Alice free to walk into a bank carrying a
full-automatic weapon, kill everyone inside, and steal all the money?" yes
she is, but she has to be prepared to deal with the (wo)manhunt that will
begin the moment something like that happens, and the inevitable that she
simply won't live to stand trial (with high probability).
                Joe

@_date: 2002-06-18 08:18:06
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: RE: Harry Potter released unprotected 
In it's realistic form, Macrovision has nothing to do with any of it.
However since it is current industry protocol to use Macrovision
copy-protection, Macrovision is of interest. In truth, this isn't even a
question of copy-protection, there's plenty of evidence that none of that
works. Instead this is about a technology, and a company, the technology is
the Macrovision copy-protection technology, and the company explicitly
involved is Macrovision. Macrovision makes the bulk of their profits from
this copy-protection technology, and since it is a copy-protection
technology it is of general interest to many cypherpunks, even if not in any
real way. (see the other reply regarding picture corrections). Because of
Macrovision's heavy reliance on the copy-protection technology for profits,
an undermining of that critical asset will greatly diminish the value of the
company, and so diminish the stock price. For any other purpose, there's
basically no reason for this thread at all. Hope this helped a bit.
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-06-06 00:44:34
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: RE: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
They stopped selling them to the general public, but you only have to stop
by a DJ record shop (as opposed to the consumer shops) to see a wide
selection of vinyl albums. DJs prefer vinyl primarily because it allows beat
matching by hand, scratching, etc. The only disadvantage I know of for vinyl
is that it degrades as it is played, for a DJ this isn't much of a problem
since tracks have a lifespan that's measured in days or weeks the vinyl
becomes useless after a few weeks, which is how long it lasts at good
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-06-03 21:50:47
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
Sent: Friday, May 31, 2002 6:59 PM
To quote myself "the CopChip can be disabled easily," last paragraph
sentence begins with "For the consumer . . . " as has been pointed out by
numerous people, there is no solution to this. With a minimal amount of
electrical engineering knowledge it is possible for individuals to easily
construct a new ADC anyway.
Which can and should be done after conversion.
You seem to be of the mistaken opinion that I believe this to be a good
thing, when the design I presented was designed to minimize cost, of design,
manufacture, and removal. I am of the fundamental opinion that this is not a
legal problem, this is a problem of the MPAA and anyone else that requires a
law like this to remain profitable is advertising incorrectly. The Hollywood
studios have already found the basic solution, sell advertising space
_within_ the program. In fact some movies are almost completely subsidized
by the ad space within the movie. By moving to that model for primary
revenue it is easy to accept that a massive number of copies will be made
since that improves the value of the ad space in your next movie/episode. Of
course I'm not involved with any studio so they don't ask my opinion.
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-06-03 01:24:20
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: RE: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
Everything I'm about to say should be taken purely as an analytical
discussion of possible solutions in light of the possibilities for the
future. For various reasons I discourage performing the analyzed alterations
to any electronic device, it will damage certain parts of the functionality
of the device, and may cause varying amounts of physical, psychological,
monetary and legal damages to a wide variety of things.
There seems to be a rather siginficant point that is being missed by a large
portion of this conversation.
The MPAA has not asked that all ADCs be forced to comply, only that those in
a position to be used for video/audio be controlled by a cop-chip. While the
initial concept for this is certainly to bloat the ADC to include the
watermark detection on chip, there are alternatives, and at least one that
is much simpler to create, as well as more benficial for most involved
(although not for the MPAA). Since I'm writing this in text I cannot supply
a wonderful diagram, but I will attempt anyway. The idea looks somewhat like
analog source ------>ADC------>CopGate----->digital
Where the ADC is the same ADC that many of us have seen in undergrad
electrical engineering, or any suitable replacement. The CopGate is the new
part, and will not be normally as much of a commodity as the ADC. The
purpose of the CopGate is to search for watermarks, and if found, disable
the bus that the information is flowing across, this bus disabling is again
something that is commonly seen in undergrad EE courses, the complexity is
in the watermark detection itself.
The simplest design for the copgate looks somewhat like this (again bad
        ----CopChip-----|
Where the buffer gates are simply standard buffer gates.
This overall design is beneficial for the manufacturer because the ADC does
not require redesign, and may already include the buffergates. In the event
that the buffer needs to be offchip the gate design is well understood and
commodity parts are already available that are suitable. For the consumer
there are two advantages to this design; 1) the device will be cheaper, 2)
the CopChip can be disabled easily. In fact disabling the CopChip can be
done by simply removing the chip itself, and tying the output bit to either
PWR or GND. As an added bonus for manufacturing this leaves only a very
small deviation in the production lines for inside and outside the US. This
seems to be a reasonable way to design to fit the requirements, without
allowing for software disablement (since it is purely hardware).
            Joe

@_date: 2002-06-15 20:51:21
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Harry Potter released unprotected 
I believe it's a test. The studio has determined that Harry Potter has
already made a (sizable) profit, so using it for an experiment is
acceptable. By testing on a big budget target they can now determine if
copy-protection costs exceed value.
I don't think so, not yet at least. This looks like just a pilot program.
Watch the normal piracy channels though, if Harry Potter shows up stronger
than other releases Macrovision will be around a while. But if Harry Potter
isn't substantially hit by piracy, then you might want to start shorting
Macrovision, they'll start losing customers.
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-06-25 21:23:08
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: "Terror Reading" 
I can tell you that at least in some areas that is simply not the case. I
have personal experience with the San Jose City library and know this for a
fact to be incorrect. They store information since the last upgrade of the
central database, currently the better part of a decade, but coming up on a
cycle point. Although it is very difficult to get the information, and large
portions of even that have been lost through various issues.
That is just a single area, but it seems reasonable that most
cities/counties/schools would follow the same general principle. Of course
with the lax way the information is kept it takes nearly a week to recover
the list of books you've checked out in the last month that have been
returned (unless there are penalties), so there is some saving grace to the
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-06-30 00:09:20
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Piracy is wrong 
Which is a correct statement, but an incorrect line of thinking. Piracy is
an illegitimate use of a designed in hole in the security, the ability to
copy. This right to copy for personal use is well founded, and there are
even supreme court cases to support it. DRM removes this right, without due
representation, and it is thinking like yours that leads down this poorly
chosen path. The other much more harsh reality involved is that DRM cannot
work, all it can do is inconvenience legitimate consumers. There is massive
evidence of this, and you are free to examine them in any way you choose.
These include the expectation that the artist will be paid according to
whatever deal they have signed with their label. Inherent in this deal is
the consumer's right to copy for personal use, and to resell their purchased
copy, as long as all copies that the consumer has made are destroyed. DRM
attempts to revoke this right to personal copying, and resale.
And if the artist cannot accept the fundamental rights specifically granted,
they should not produce art.
Last time I checked the giver is supposed to remove the pricetag from the
gift before giving it. By a similar argument, everyone should be happy that
the WTC flying occured, after all they were kind enough not to kill anyone
that's still alive. The logic simply doesn't hold.
In fact one of the specifically granted rights is the right to share the
music with friends and family, so this has nothing to do with being "a liar
and a cheat" it has to do with excercising not just rights, but rights that
have been specifically granted.
Because of that specifically granted right, that copies can be made for
friends and family, it is also a specifically granted right to accept those
copies. So it is merely excercising a specifically granted right. You
clearly have not read or understood the implications and complexities of
your statements, with regard to either logic or the law.
Apparently it is too complicated for you.
It's just basic rights and excercising of those rights.
If the record companies were prepared to trust, why do they employ a
substantial army of lawyers? Why do they pursue every p2p network? Why are
they pushing for DRM? Trust is not a one-way street. The recording labels
have demonstrated that they cannot be trusted in any form, what delusion
makes you think they can be trusted now?
Exactly, I refuse to accept a DRM -limited environment which does not allow
me full ownership of something I purchased.
No, that's a fundamental misunderstanding of everything involved, from law
to basic logic you have misunderstood it all.
                        Joe

@_date: 2002-07-02 01:46:29
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Re: maximize best case, worst case, or average case? (TCPA 
The same argument can be applied to just about any tool.
A knife has a high likelihood of being used in such a manner that it causes
physical damage to an individual (e.g. you cut yourself while slicing your
dinner) at some point in its useful lifetime. Do we declare knives evil?
A hammer has a high likelihood of at some point in its useful life causing
physical damage to both an individual and property. Do we declare hammers
DRM is a tool. Tools can be used for good, and tools can be used for evil,
but that does not make a tool inherently good or evil. DRM has a place where
it is a suitable tool, but one should not declare a tool evil simply because
an individual or group uses the tool for purposes that have been declared
                        Joe

@_date: 2002-07-07 01:31:23
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Closed source more secure than open source 
Ross Andseron's approximate statements:
Closed Source:
Open Source:
bugs remain equally easy to find.
Anonymous's Statements:
I disagree, actually I agree and disagree with both, due in part to the
magnitudes involved. It is certainly true that once Beta testing (or some
semblance of it) begins there will be users that cannot make use of source
code, but what Anonymous fails to realize is that there will be beta testers
that can make use of the source code.
Additionally there are certain tendencies in the open and closed source
communities that Anonymous and Anderson have not addressed in their models.
The most important tendencies are that in closed source beta testing is
generally handed off to a separate division and the original author does
little if any testing, and in open source the authors have a much stronger
connection with the testing, with the authors' duty extending through the
entire testing cycle. These tendencies lead to two very different positions
than generally realized.
First, closed source testing, beginning in the late Alpha testing stage, is
generally done without any assistance from source code, by _anyone_, this
significantly hampers the testing. This has led to observed situations where
QA engineers sign off on products that don't even function, let alone have
close to 0 bugs. With the software engineers believing that because the code
was signed off, it must be bug-free. This is a rather substantial problem.
To address this problem one must actually correct the number of testers for
the ones that are effectively doing nothing. So while L is the extra
difficulty in finding bugs without source code, it is magnified by something
approximating (testers)/(testers not doing anything). It's worth noting that
(testers) > (testers not doing anything) causing the result K =
L*(testers)/(testers not doing anything), to tend towards infinite values.
In open source we have very much the opposite situation. The authors are
involved in all stages of testing, giving another value. This value is used
to adjust L as before, but the quantities involved are substantially
different. It must be observed, as was done by Anonymous, that there are
testers that have no concept what source code is, and certainly no idea how
to read it, call these harassers. In addition though there are also testers
who read source code, and even the authors themselves are doing testing,
call these coders. So in this case K = L*(harassers)/(harassers+coders).
Where it's worth noting that K will now tend towards 0.
It is also very much the case that different projects have different
quantities of testers. In fact as the number of beta testers grows, the
MTBD(iscovery) of a bug must not increase, and will almost certainly
decrease. In this case each project must be treated separately, since
obviously WindowsXP will have more people testing it (thanks to bug
reporting features) than QFighter3
( the lest active development on
sourceforge). This certainly leads to problems in comparison. It is also
worth noting that it is likely that actual difficulty in locating bugs is
probably related to the maximum of (K/testers) and the (testers root of K).
Meaning that WindowsXP is likely to have a higher ratio of bugs uncovered in
a given time period T than QFighter3. However due to the complexity of the
comparisons, QFighter3 is likely to have fewer bugs than WindowsXP, simply
because WindowsXP is several orders of magnitude more complex.
So while the belief that source code makes bug hunting easier on everyone,
is certainly not purely the case (Anonymous's observation), it is also not
the case that the tasks are equivalent (Anonymous's claim), with the
multiplier in closed source approaching infinite, and open source towards 0.
Additionally the quantity of testers appears to have more of an impact on
bug-finding than the discussion of open or closed source. However as always
complexity plays an enormous role in the number of bugs available to find,
anybody with a few days programming experience can write a bug free Hello
World program, but it takes significantly more effort to write something the
complexity of Windows or Linux bug-free. That is where open source receives
the biggest boost, where Microsoft has a limited number of software
engineers, and the Linux development process which has fewer testers but
many more developers. This will reduce the number of bugs simply due to the
effort put into the process by developers.
Which is better? That depends entirely on your situation.
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-08-11 04:46:12
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Seth on TCPA at Defcon/Usenix 
[brief description of Document Revocation List]
Actually it does, in order to make it valuable. Without a hardware assist,
the attack works like this:
Hack your software (which is in many ways almost trivial) to reveal it's
private key.
Watch the protocol.
Decrypt protocol
Grab decryption key
use decryption key
problem solved
With hardware assist, trusted software, and a trusted execution environment
it (doesn't) work like this:
Hack you software.
DOH!!!!! the software won't run
revert back to the stored software.
Hack the hardware (extremely difficult).
Virtualize the hardware at a second layer, using the grabbed private key
Hack the software
Watch the protocol.
Decrypt protocol
Grab decryption key
use decryption key
Once the file is released the server revokes all trust in your client,
effectively removing all files from your computer that you have not
decrypted yet
problem solved? only for valuable files
Of course if you could find some way to disguise which source was hacked,
things change.
Now about the claim that MS Word would not have this "feature." It almost
certainly would. The reason being that business customers are of particular
interest to MS, since they supply a large portion of the money for Word (and
everything else). Businesses would want to be able to configure their
network in such a way that critical business information couldn't be leaked
to the outside world. Of course this removes the advertising path of
conveniently leaking carefully constructed documents to the world, but for
many companies that is a trivial loss.
                Joe

@_date: 2002-08-14 22:10:44
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Overcoming the potential downside of TCPA 
Actually that does nothing to stop it. Because of the construction of TCPA,
the private keys are registered _after_ the owner receives the computer,
this is the window of opportunity against that as well. The worst case for
cost of this is to purchase an additional motherboard (IIRC Fry's has them
as low as $50), giving the ability to present a purchase. The
virtual-private key is then created, and registered using the credentials
borrowed from the second motherboard. Since TCPA doesn't allow for direct
remote queries against the hardware, the virtual system will actually have
first shot at the incoming data. That's the worst case. The expected case;
you pay a small registration fee claiming that you "accidentally" wiped your
TCPA. The best case, you claim you "accidentally" wiped your TCPA, they
charge you nothing to remove the record of your old TCPA, and replace it
with your new (virtualized) TCPA. So at worst this will cost $50. Once
you've got a virtual setup, that virtual setup (with all its associated
purchased rights) can be replicated across an unlimited number of computers.
The important part for this, is that TCPA has no key until it has an owner,
and the owner can wipe the TCPA at any time. From what I can tell this was
designed for resale of components, but is perfectly suitable as a point of
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-08-14 22:10:44
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Overcoming the potential downside of TCPA 
Actually that does nothing to stop it. Because of the construction of TCPA,
the private keys are registered _after_ the owner receives the computer,
this is the window of opportunity against that as well. The worst case for
cost of this is to purchase an additional motherboard (IIRC Fry's has them
as low as $50), giving the ability to present a purchase. The
virtual-private key is then created, and registered using the credentials
borrowed from the second motherboard. Since TCPA doesn't allow for direct
remote queries against the hardware, the virtual system will actually have
first shot at the incoming data. That's the worst case. The expected case;
you pay a small registration fee claiming that you "accidentally" wiped your
TCPA. The best case, you claim you "accidentally" wiped your TCPA, they
charge you nothing to remove the record of your old TCPA, and replace it
with your new (virtualized) TCPA. So at worst this will cost $50. Once
you've got a virtual setup, that virtual setup (with all its associated
purchased rights) can be replicated across an unlimited number of computers.
The important part for this, is that TCPA has no key until it has an owner,
and the owner can wipe the TCPA at any time. From what I can tell this was
designed for resale of components, but is perfectly suitable as a point of
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-08-14 05:58:58
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Overcoming the potential downside of TCPA 
Lately on both of these lists there has been quite some discussion about
TCPA and Palladium, the good, the bad, the ugly, and the anonymous. :)
However there is something that is very much worth noting, at least about
There is nothing stopping a virtualized version being created.
There is nothing that stops say VMWare from synthesizing a system view that
includes a virtual TCPA component. This makes it possible to (if desired)
remove all cryptographic protection.
Of course such a software would need to be sold as a "development tool" but
we all know what would happen. Tools like VMWare have been developed by
others, and as I recall didn't take all that long to do. As such they can be
anonymously distributed, and can almost certainly be stored entirely on a
boot CD, using the floppy drive to store the keys (although floppy drives
are no longer a "cool" thing to have in a system), boot from the CD, it runs
a small kernel that virtualizes and allows debugging of the TPM/TSS which
allows the viewing, copying and replacement of private keys on demand.
Of course this is likely to quickly become illegal, or may already, but that
doesn't stop the possibility of creating such a system. For details on how
to create this virtualized TCPA please refer to the TCPA spec.
                Joe

@_date: 2002-08-14 05:58:58
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Overcoming the potential downside of TCPA 
Lately on both of these lists there has been quite some discussion about
TCPA and Palladium, the good, the bad, the ugly, and the anonymous. :)
However there is something that is very much worth noting, at least about
There is nothing stopping a virtualized version being created.
There is nothing that stops say VMWare from synthesizing a system view that
includes a virtual TCPA component. This makes it possible to (if desired)
remove all cryptographic protection.
Of course such a software would need to be sold as a "development tool" but
we all know what would happen. Tools like VMWare have been developed by
others, and as I recall didn't take all that long to do. As such they can be
anonymously distributed, and can almost certainly be stored entirely on a
boot CD, using the floppy drive to store the keys (although floppy drives
are no longer a "cool" thing to have in a system), boot from the CD, it runs
a small kernel that virtualizes and allows debugging of the TPM/TSS which
allows the viewing, copying and replacement of private keys on demand.
Of course this is likely to quickly become illegal, or may already, but that
doesn't stop the possibility of creating such a system. For details on how
to create this virtualized TCPA please refer to the TCPA spec.
                Joe

@_date: 2002-08-15 20:06:26
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: TCPA not virtualizable during ownership change (Re: 
This is going to be a very long, and very boring message. But it should
highlight why we have differing opinions about so very many capabilities of
the TCPA system. For the sake of attempting to avoid supplying too little
information, I have simply searched for the term and will make comments on
each location that it appears.
----- Original Message -----
I wholeheartedly agree. 332 pages to say 5 pages worth of real information
is not helpful.
[Search criteria "endorsement"]
While I haven't found any solid evidence either way, they seem to almost
deliberately avoid that discussion on Page 22 I found a fatal errorcode
TCPA_NO_ENDORSEMENT at TCPA_BASE+35 "The TPM does not a EK installed"
attempting to interpret the bad grammar, I believe this should state "The
TPM does not [have] an [Endorsement Key] installed" which seems to indicate
that the platform may ship without one.
On page 35 the endorsement key is listed as persistent data. Which at first
would indicate that the endorsement key happens before shipping, but since
there is also an RNG state variable stored persistently, my confidence in
this is undermined. Adding to the complications, down near the end of the
page, in the table it says "This is the TPM's endorsement key pair. See 9.2.
The default value is manufacturer-specific" which indicates that it does
ship with an endorsement key, but that the key can be changed by the owner.
Page 38, the existance of the CBKPUsed flag hints that the endorsement key
pair need not always be present. Unfortunately the spec goes on to say
"NOTE: This flag has no default value as the key pair MUST be created by one
or the other mechanism." Which certainly confuses things.
Page 41 "TPM_CreateEndorsementKey may be called before TPM_Startup. This is
necessary because TPM_Startup will fail unless an endorsement key exists" is
of no help either way. As with all the others, it states that there may
exist conditions where the EK may not exist, but does not give any hints
whether this is before or after the TPM leaves the plant.
On page 79, the EK is metioned twice. The first time if useless for our
purpose. The second time states "This SHALL be the TPM endorsement
credential" which indicates that an endorsement credential must exist. Other
locations though seem to hint that a void endorsement credential may be
Starting on Page 84 is section 4.32.1, which seems to be as close to an
authority on the EK as possible, but lacks a statement of whether the EK is
shipped with or added later. It does however clearly indicate that the
creation of the EK occurs before the Privacy CA is contacted, which was
already agreed on.
[somewhere around here I stopped addressing everyt occurance of the word
"endorsement" because most of them are frivolous]
Page 135, Section 5.11.1, clearly states "The new owner MUST encrypt the
Owner authorization data and the SRK authorization data using the PUBEK."
Which clearly indicates that the EK must exist before ownership can be
taken. Other places have hinted that ownership may be taken and then the EK
updated, which completely contradicts the one-timeness, or this statement.
Page 135 "If no EK is present the TPM MUST return TCPA_NO_ENDORSEMENT" which
indicates that one can at least attempt to take ownership before an EK is
present, which would contradict the requirement that the EK come from the
Page 178, Section 7.3 I am only mentioning because it presents a rather
interesting possibility. It hints that under some circumstances it may be
acceptable for a manufacturer to copy the data from one TCPA to another.
This portion begins with "The manufacturer takes the maintainance blob . .
." This may however only be to update an existing one to address flaws or
meet new capabilities.
Page 183, hints that even the manufacturer is not allowed to known EK public
key, which complicates things no end, because the Privacy CA certainly
cannot at that point be permitted to view it. This would indicate that even
if the EK is shipped with the system, it can never leave the system. This
would limit the ability of the EK to simply certifying the owner, if that is
true then it confuses me even further.
Page 213 section 8.10 clearly states that if the owner clears the TCPA,
everthing is cleared "except the endorsement key pair." Which would indicate
that this is truly a one-shot deal.
Page 240, states "This is a dead TPM. It has failed it's startup smoke test.
It should not leave the factory floor." This indicates that the EK must be
created before the TPM leaves the factory.
Section 9.2, page 261, states that TPM_CreateEndorsementKeyPair can only be
called once, but does not state if this is done by the owner, or by the
plant. Later on the page is a hint that it may be shipped with it. "The
PRIVEK and PUBEK MAY be created by a process other than the use of
TPM_CreateEndorsementKeyPair" and related statements, which indicate rather
well that the endorsement key created before shipping. It also states that
the credential could be stored after "an Owner has taken ownership of the
platform," confusing the matter even more. Of course at the end of this
section they change the mandatory return value for
TPM_CreateEndorsementKeyPair (beginning TCPA_FAIL, end TCPA_DISABLED_CMD).
Page 268, "The TPM creates an identity-binding signature (the value of a
signature over the
TCPA_IDENTITY_CONTENTS structure). Among other things, this proves
possession of the new private key, which does the signing of the
TCPA_IDENTITY_CONTENTS structure." Indicates that the endorsement key (they
only possible plant binding factor) is never used outside the box. The
TCPA_IDENTITY_CONTENTS structure contains only TCPA_VERSION, ordinal, label
PrivCADigest, and identityPubKey. Note the absence of anything identifying
the TPM and binding it to the manufacturing. On the next page they state
that there is some method used of certifying that it came from a genuine
TPM, but I can't immediately find such evidence.
I suppose just to make life more interesting for everyone involved, they
included the following "The form of the following certificates is out of
scope for this version of the TPM specification:
. TPM endorsement entity certificate"
Section 9.5.1 page 283 states "If the data structure
 is stored on a platform after an Owner has taken
ownership of that platform, it SHALL exist only in storage to which access
is controlled and is available to authorized entities." Which indicates very
strongly that the EK can be created after shipping. More interesting though
is the TPM_ENDORSEMENT_CREDENTIAL itself, which includes only the
information to gaurantee that the cert was grabbed from a valid instance of
a TPM, but does not from what I can tell actually certify that the current
request comes from a valid TPM. Although they do take the odd step of making
certain that CRLs are not used, under CRL dictribution points "If present
and marked critical, then reject" which of course means that CRLs will not
be used for this.
The other credentials have the same interesting quirks.
Page 311, Section 10.8 gives an interesting view of the situation, which
indicates that the EK may be produced later discussing power-on self-tests
"If an endorsement key has not yet been generated the TPM action is
manufacturer specific."
In the Glossary I think is the clearest statement about the EK in the entire
document, the problem is the sentence is too long, shortening it for the
valid point "Endorsement Key [-] A term used ambiguously" is entirely
accurate enough for our purposes.
Result: I have no idea whatsoever about where/when the EK is created, there
are a number of conflicting statements regarding it, and at least once where
they even change the return value of a function.
Agreed. After almost two hours of picking through poorly written
specification, I'm just going to state that I agree.
Probably correct, but I'm not sure.
Only to the owner, the manufacturer is not supposed to have a copy
The privacy CA never recieves a copy of the PUBEK, the PUBEK is only to be
seen by the owner.
I agree with everything except the "during manufacture" which while
seemingly is the correct way to do it to meet the majority of the spec,
isn't necessarily the only way.
c) the
I believe this is incorrect. The complete contents of the endorsement
credentials can be found starting on page 283, and does not include the
endorsement key in any way. Which is good because knowledge of the
endorsement public key, would allow someone to claim ownership of the
It is not encrypted with the endorsement public key, it can't be since the
Privacy CA does not receive a copy of it. I'm not sure whether or not it is
encrypted at all, but at the very least it cannot be encrypted by the EK.
Certainly correct, but I don't believe the Privacy CA necessarily has to be
in on it.
This would probably be easier done with a court order forcing the Privacy CA
to perform the operation under the guise of law enforcement.
But it could be easily combined with a smaller, easier to get court order
along the lines of B where a company is required to allow the FBI to work
under the company's name to perform the necessary work. This eliminates the
phony Privacy CA from existance.
I didn't notice that, but it does seem to be true, as with you I can see no
reason for that decision. Perhaps it was a non-decision that made it into
the spec?
It is discussed surprisingly briefly for this spec, it occupies a mere 10
pages, beginning on page 178. The reliance on trust here stems from the
manufacturer's ability to replicate TPMs (although the EK does not appear to
be changable this way).
Thinking about it more, I don't like that this spec assumes there is 1
primary user of a machine, and that this user is also the owner. A better
design would use something akin to a smartcard, and a large chunk of
non-volatile RAM. Making properly use of this would allow for authentication
of families of people, simply plugging in your card, and entering your
passphrase would allow users to authenticate to the system easily, allowing
the home system to separate the identities of Mom, Dad, Son, Daughter, Aunt,
Uncle. And could still bind people to a specific machine.
I think everyone who reads the spec, or even our commentary on it can safely
conclude that all the chips supporting this should have a "WTF" somewhere in
their identifier.
Now leaving the topic.
Fortunately in my current state of (lack of) employment I have plenty of
time to do this kind of examination, otherwise I wouldn't bother. With that
said, if anyone knows of a company currently hiring software
engineer/cryptanalyst/etc I'd appreciate any information.
                    Joe

@_date: 2002-08-15 20:06:26
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: TCPA not virtualizable during ownership change (Re: Overcoming the potential downside of TCPA) 
This is going to be a very long, and very boring message. But it should
highlight why we have differing opinions about so very many capabilities of
the TCPA system. For the sake of attempting to avoid supplying too little
information, I have simply searched for the term and will make comments on
each location that it appears.
----- Original Message -----
I wholeheartedly agree. 332 pages to say 5 pages worth of real information
is not helpful.
[Search criteria "endorsement"]
While I haven't found any solid evidence either way, they seem to almost
deliberately avoid that discussion on Page 22 I found a fatal errorcode
TCPA_NO_ENDORSEMENT at TCPA_BASE+35 "The TPM does not a EK installed"
attempting to interpret the bad grammar, I believe this should state "The
TPM does not [have] an [Endorsement Key] installed" which seems to indicate
that the platform may ship without one.
On page 35 the endorsement key is listed as persistent data. Which at first
would indicate that the endorsement key happens before shipping, but since
there is also an RNG state variable stored persistently, my confidence in
this is undermined. Adding to the complications, down near the end of the
page, in the table it says "This is the TPM's endorsement key pair. See 9.2.
The default value is manufacturer-specific" which indicates that it does
ship with an endorsement key, but that the key can be changed by the owner.
Page 38, the existance of the CBKPUsed flag hints that the endorsement key
pair need not always be present. Unfortunately the spec goes on to say
"NOTE: This flag has no default value as the key pair MUST be created by one
or the other mechanism." Which certainly confuses things.
Page 41 "TPM_CreateEndorsementKey may be called before TPM_Startup. This is
necessary because TPM_Startup will fail unless an endorsement key exists" is
of no help either way. As with all the others, it states that there may
exist conditions where the EK may not exist, but does not give any hints
whether this is before or after the TPM leaves the plant.
On page 79, the EK is metioned twice. The first time if useless for our
purpose. The second time states "This SHALL be the TPM endorsement
credential" which indicates that an endorsement credential must exist. Other
locations though seem to hint that a void endorsement credential may be
Starting on Page 84 is section 4.32.1, which seems to be as close to an
authority on the EK as possible, but lacks a statement of whether the EK is
shipped with or added later. It does however clearly indicate that the
creation of the EK occurs before the Privacy CA is contacted, which was
already agreed on.
[somewhere around here I stopped addressing everyt occurance of the word
"endorsement" because most of them are frivolous]
Page 135, Section 5.11.1, clearly states "The new owner MUST encrypt the
Owner authorization data and the SRK authorization data using the PUBEK."
Which clearly indicates that the EK must exist before ownership can be
taken. Other places have hinted that ownership may be taken and then the EK
updated, which completely contradicts the one-timeness, or this statement.
Page 135 "If no EK is present the TPM MUST return TCPA_NO_ENDORSEMENT" which
indicates that one can at least attempt to take ownership before an EK is
present, which would contradict the requirement that the EK come from the
Page 178, Section 7.3 I am only mentioning because it presents a rather
interesting possibility. It hints that under some circumstances it may be
acceptable for a manufacturer to copy the data from one TCPA to another.
This portion begins with "The manufacturer takes the maintainance blob . .
." This may however only be to update an existing one to address flaws or
meet new capabilities.
Page 183, hints that even the manufacturer is not allowed to known EK public
key, which complicates things no end, because the Privacy CA certainly
cannot at that point be permitted to view it. This would indicate that even
if the EK is shipped with the system, it can never leave the system. This
would limit the ability of the EK to simply certifying the owner, if that is
true then it confuses me even further.
Page 213 section 8.10 clearly states that if the owner clears the TCPA,
everthing is cleared "except the endorsement key pair." Which would indicate
that this is truly a one-shot deal.
Page 240, states "This is a dead TPM. It has failed it's startup smoke test.
It should not leave the factory floor." This indicates that the EK must be
created before the TPM leaves the factory.
Section 9.2, page 261, states that TPM_CreateEndorsementKeyPair can only be
called once, but does not state if this is done by the owner, or by the
plant. Later on the page is a hint that it may be shipped with it. "The
PRIVEK and PUBEK MAY be created by a process other than the use of
TPM_CreateEndorsementKeyPair" and related statements, which indicate rather
well that the endorsement key created before shipping. It also states that
the credential could be stored after "an Owner has taken ownership of the
platform," confusing the matter even more. Of course at the end of this
section they change the mandatory return value for
TPM_CreateEndorsementKeyPair (beginning TCPA_FAIL, end TCPA_DISABLED_CMD).
Page 268, "The TPM creates an identity-binding signature (the value of a
signature over the
TCPA_IDENTITY_CONTENTS structure). Among other things, this proves
possession of the new private key, which does the signing of the
TCPA_IDENTITY_CONTENTS structure." Indicates that the endorsement key (they
only possible plant binding factor) is never used outside the box. The
TCPA_IDENTITY_CONTENTS structure contains only TCPA_VERSION, ordinal, label
PrivCADigest, and identityPubKey. Note the absence of anything identifying
the TPM and binding it to the manufacturing. On the next page they state
that there is some method used of certifying that it came from a genuine
TPM, but I can't immediately find such evidence.
I suppose just to make life more interesting for everyone involved, they
included the following "The form of the following certificates is out of
scope for this version of the TPM specification:
. TPM endorsement entity certificate"
Section 9.5.1 page 283 states "If the data structure
 is stored on a platform after an Owner has taken
ownership of that platform, it SHALL exist only in storage to which access
is controlled and is available to authorized entities." Which indicates very
strongly that the EK can be created after shipping. More interesting though
is the TPM_ENDORSEMENT_CREDENTIAL itself, which includes only the
information to gaurantee that the cert was grabbed from a valid instance of
a TPM, but does not from what I can tell actually certify that the current
request comes from a valid TPM. Although they do take the odd step of making
certain that CRLs are not used, under CRL dictribution points "If present
and marked critical, then reject" which of course means that CRLs will not
be used for this.
The other credentials have the same interesting quirks.
Page 311, Section 10.8 gives an interesting view of the situation, which
indicates that the EK may be produced later discussing power-on self-tests
"If an endorsement key has not yet been generated the TPM action is
manufacturer specific."
In the Glossary I think is the clearest statement about the EK in the entire
document, the problem is the sentence is too long, shortening it for the
valid point "Endorsement Key [-] A term used ambiguously" is entirely
accurate enough for our purposes.
Result: I have no idea whatsoever about where/when the EK is created, there
are a number of conflicting statements regarding it, and at least once where
they even change the return value of a function.
Agreed. After almost two hours of picking through poorly written
specification, I'm just going to state that I agree.
Probably correct, but I'm not sure.
Only to the owner, the manufacturer is not supposed to have a copy
The privacy CA never recieves a copy of the PUBEK, the PUBEK is only to be
seen by the owner.
I agree with everything except the "during manufacture" which while
seemingly is the correct way to do it to meet the majority of the spec,
isn't necessarily the only way.
c) the
I believe this is incorrect. The complete contents of the endorsement
credentials can be found starting on page 283, and does not include the
endorsement key in any way. Which is good because knowledge of the
endorsement public key, would allow someone to claim ownership of the
It is not encrypted with the endorsement public key, it can't be since the
Privacy CA does not receive a copy of it. I'm not sure whether or not it is
encrypted at all, but at the very least it cannot be encrypted by the EK.
Certainly correct, but I don't believe the Privacy CA necessarily has to be
in on it.
This would probably be easier done with a court order forcing the Privacy CA
to perform the operation under the guise of law enforcement.
But it could be easily combined with a smaller, easier to get court order
along the lines of B where a company is required to allow the FBI to work
under the company's name to perform the necessary work. This eliminates the
phony Privacy CA from existance.
I didn't notice that, but it does seem to be true, as with you I can see no
reason for that decision. Perhaps it was a non-decision that made it into
the spec?
It is discussed surprisingly briefly for this spec, it occupies a mere 10
pages, beginning on page 178. The reliance on trust here stems from the
manufacturer's ability to replicate TPMs (although the EK does not appear to
be changable this way).
Thinking about it more, I don't like that this spec assumes there is 1
primary user of a machine, and that this user is also the owner. A better
design would use something akin to a smartcard, and a large chunk of
non-volatile RAM. Making properly use of this would allow for authentication
of families of people, simply plugging in your card, and entering your
passphrase would allow users to authenticate to the system easily, allowing
the home system to separate the identities of Mom, Dad, Son, Daughter, Aunt,
Uncle. And could still bind people to a specific machine.
I think everyone who reads the spec, or even our commentary on it can safely
conclude that all the chips supporting this should have a "WTF" somewhere in
their identifier.
Now leaving the topic.
Fortunately in my current state of (lack of) employment I have plenty of
time to do this kind of examination, otherwise I wouldn't bother. With that
said, if anyone knows of a company currently hiring software
engineer/cryptanalyst/etc I'd appreciate any information.
                    Joe

@_date: 2003-06-16 20:00:19
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
I think there was some substantial miscommunication here (probably my fault
for snipping too much). Even assuming that MS's implementation is perfect,
the NCAs (as suggested by anonymous) would be downloaded from a variety of
sources, assumedly without source code. These are at least as big of a
threat, as the ActiveX saga demonstrates. The problem with ActiveX was never
that the core technology was itself causing problems, the problem was that
the supplemental technologies (the signature verification, the sandboxing
when applicable, etc) were continually being attacked by rogue ActiveX
components (I would consider everything form Gator to be such an attck) that
did undesirable things. Since the can I buy a vowel technology once called
Palladium "protects" these NCAs the result is a new ActiveX-type saga, even
if MS gets everything perfect. Assuming general software rules where bugs
will be present, we're looking at something potentially worse.
But what about everything outside of the micro-kernel? It's still
If that were true, the Palladium would be useless. The LHS, MUST be able to
touch the RHS, otherwise the LHS would be a completely seperate system, with
no software to run on it, performing no computation, and simply taking up
board space and processor time. However, there is a connection, and no
person has any control over what is run in the the LHS. That is in itself
problematic, and leads to a perfect avenue for massive abuse of power. And
as we all know the ability to abuse power, quite quickly leads to the abuse
of power.
Except for the fact that the buggy everything can contact it, and give it a
new NCA, that NCA can do as it pleases.
If you look I never suggested that the nexus itself would necessarily be
insecure, I've said that the supporting technology (everything MS has not
agreed to release) is open to massive abuse, and that the likelihood that it
will have numerous insecurities found is very high.
But what about the rogue NCA? the one that decides to consume all the
processor, store inordinate amounts of information, spy on the user,
provided of course by the "buggy" software that put it there.
I guess I missed where you mentioned NCA at all before this, in fact I went
back and did a text search, the only ways that you mentioned NCAs so far
were "The Nexus, which is the micro-kernel for the trusted components
(NCAs), will be published for review," "and the NCAs acting as the
applications" "whose only job is to service the NCAs, " some rant about
manifest (which is another avenue for attack, but does not present what you
believe, and this one I'm responding to.. All you've done is rant on about
how the nexus this and the nexus that, completely ignoring the fact that
most of the problems with any operating system are not in the kernel
(micro-kernels are relatively easy), the problems continue to stem from the
same source they had in ActiveX, everything around the core component, the
loading, the verification, the scheduling, the stopping them from doing as
they please. These you have not even made an effort to address. You have
ranted around and around, pretending that spouting all these worthless words
actually justify claiming that can I buy a vowel, and all the NCAs that will
be produced by every company, all the hackers, various individuals, etc can
all be trusted. To quote myself yet again "Arbitrarily trusting anyone to
write a secure program simply doesn't work" and that is exactly what is
being claimed about can I buy a vowel.
What proposed attack? I never stated that the information protected by can I
buy a vowel would be compromised, I claimed that it will almost certainly
have gaping security holes, and that it's design makes some very bad
decisions. If each website has it's own NCA, then each website is free to do
as they please on your computer (including read the still encrypted
information form others), "Arbitrarily trusting anyone to write a secure
program" is a bad idea.
(remember when you advocated ECB mode for the XML
Actually yes I do, and I still believe that ECB mode has its advantages in
very specific targets, if you had bothered to actually read the statements I
have made you would understand that. The goal I had for the possibility of
adding ECB was not to provide a common resource, but to push the issue of
clarity, by pushing the issue of ECB even slightly, I succeeded in having
clarity added to the document, both the spec and the XML. If you would
actually care to debate whether or not ECB is a valid mode for inclusion in
a wide usage standard, I suggest first you take it up with NIST, they have
perhaps the oldest standard for it, once you succeed in that, I suggest that
you consider all the border cases, especially the ones where a single block
is encrypted (other modes double the size), random data being encrypted
(which is equivalent security to all other modes), and where a limited
subset of the possible block space is being used (especially useful when
there is an attack that requires a large volume of text pairs). In each of
these cases ECB is at least as secure as any other mode, and in the last it
can be argued that under some circumstances it may actually be more secure.
I remember very well my advocation of ECB for XML Enc, it appears once again
to be you that has faield to grasp realities of the situation.
you could do worse than spending a few hours
Here you go assuming things that simply aren't true. I don't see can I buy a
vowel becoming the "central techonology" for anything for very long. We're
already seeing the X86 processor being replaced at the high end, and slowly
being displaced at the mid-range, can I buy a vowel only has a few years
before it will need to be completely replaced, and since it will take a few
years for it to be adopted it's almost certainly a dead-end technology.
Now the other assumption, you assume that I intend to do security
consulting, how mistaken you are. I am actually the CEO of Trust
Laboratories, and security consulting would almost certainly be a pay cut.
There is a chance that eventually you can make something of yourself "But
you'll have to do your homework"
                    Joe
Trust Laboratories
Changing Software Development

@_date: 2003-06-11 18:52:38
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
Actually, properly designed Palladium would be little more than a smart card
welded to the motherboard. As currently designed it is a complete second
system that is allowed to take over the main processor. It has a few aspects
of what it should be, but not many. It does include the various aspects of
the smart card, but it also makes room for those aspects to take over the
main system, properly designed this would not be an option, of course
properly designed it could also be a permanently attached $1 smart card that
internally hangs off the USB controller instead of a mammoth undertaking.
I still stand by, "Arbitrarily trusting anyone to write a secure program
simply doesn't work" regardless of how many times MS says "trust us" any
substantially educated person should as well be prepared to either trust a
preponderance of evidence, or perform their own examination, neither of
these options is available. The information available does not cover the
technical information, in fact their "Technical FAQ" about it actually has
the following:
"Q: Does this technology require an online connection to be used?
A: No. "
That is just sooooo enlightening, and is about as far from a useful answer
as possible.
This applies only under the condition that the software in Palladium is
perfectly secure. Again I point to the issues with ActiveX, where a wide
variety of hoels have been found, I point to the newest MS operating system
which has it even been out a month yet? and already has a security patch
available, in spite of their "secure by default" process. Again I don't
believe this is because MS is inherently bad, it is because writing secure
programs is extremely difficult, MS just has the most feature bloat so they
have the most problems. If the Palladium software is actually secure
(unlikely), then there is the issue of how the (foolishly trusted) NCAs are
determined to be the same, this is an easy problem to solve if no one ever
added features, but a hard one to solve where the program evolves, once MS
shows the solution for this, I will point to the same information and show
you a security hole.
After running unattended on your computer, a brilliant
idea, hasn't anyone learned?
Not in the slightest, a single compromise of a single ecommerce site
(remember they're "trusted") will remove all this pretend security. Let's
use a particularly popular example on here right now  they
could easily apply to be an ecommerce site, they collect money, they offer a
service, clearly they are an ecommerce site. Are you really gullible enough
to believe that they won't do everything in their power to exploit the data
transfer problem above, as well as any other holes in Palladium? I should
hope not.
Yes I have, in fact at this point I think it is safe to say that you have
not, or you didn't understand the implications of the small amount of
information it actually contains.
                    Joe

@_date: 2003-06-11 02:20:27
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
Ok what flavor of crack are you smoking? Because I can tell from here that's
some strong stuff. Downloading random DLLs that are given complete access to
private information is one of the worst concepts that anyone has ever come
up with, even if they are signed by a "trusted" source. Just look at the
horrifically long list of issues with ActiveX, even with WindowsXP (which
hasn't been around that long) you're already looking at more than half a
dozen, and IIRC win95 had about 50. This has less to do with "windows is
bad" than with "secure programming is hard." Arbitrarily trusting anyone to
write a secure program simply doesn't work, especially when it's something
Now for the much more fundamental issue of your statement. Palladium will
never "download site-specific" anything. Palladium is a hardware technology,
not a web browser.
I will refrain from saying Paladium is a bad idea, simply because I see some
potentially very lucrative (for me) options for it's use.
                    Joe

@_date: 2003-09-10 00:07:56
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: [cdr] Re: Digital cash and campaign finance reform 
I think that's the smartest thing any one of us has said on this topic.             Joe

@_date: 2003-09-09 05:32:51
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Digital cash and campaign finance reform 
You act like they aren't already used to addressing that "problem." I'll go
back to the Bustamante, simply because it is convenient right now.
Bustamante recieved a multi-million dollar donation from the Native
Americans, this was not done through a single check, that would be illegal,
instead it was done through multiple smaller checks, each of which ends up
randomized and delayed in processing (USPS is wonderful source of
randomness), so the actual occurance of the donations is scattered acros
several days, from several accounts, by several people, and I'm sure
Bustamante never even looked to see who the donations were actually from,
just that the full amount arrived. The "problem" that you found, is already
addressed, and already not a problem.
            Joe
Trust Laboratories
Changing Software Development

@_date: 2003-09-08 23:51:04
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Digital cash and campaign finance reform 
[anonymous funding of politicians]
Simple attack: Bob talks to soon to be bought politician. "Tomorrow you'll
recieve a donation of $50k, you'll know where it came from."
Next day, buyer makes 500 $100 donations (remember you can't link him to any
transaction), 50k arrives through the mix. Politician knows where it came
from, but no one can prove it.
By implementing this we'll see a backwards trend. It will be harder to prove
the buyout (actually impossible), but the involved parties will know exactly
who did the paying. Right now you can actually see a similar usage in the
Bustamante (spelling?) campaign in the California Recall Election, the
Native Americans donated $2M to him in spite of a limit of ~22k by donating
from several people. Same method only now we know who did the paying.
                Joe
Trust Laboratories
Changing Software Development

@_date: 2003-09-22 07:20:19
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted search? 
Sent: Sunday, September 21, 2003 3:45 PM
Actually sending the list in encrypted form will create holes, the key is to
not send the list, but to send the information that allows a member to see
that they are on the list.
Correct that won't work. A smarter idea would be to use the user ID and
password to key encryption of a quantity (see Unix password system which is
very similar, but lacked the presence of the user ID).
I believe the answer is no, at least not without leaking large quantities of
information. It is possible I am wrong, but there are simpler, more straight
forward solutions.
Based on my interpretation of the problem there are a number of solutions.
One fairly straight forward one is:
Assuming you have a single file to protect (or a single group of files), and
don't need to protect the number of people who have access, the simple
solution is to use a method very similar to PGP, but without the key
identifiers. While this is just a quick sketch the file undergoes
approximately the following:
establish public keys for each member of the group (e.g. hash(passphrase,
username) = priv, use priv as private key in ECC, everyone can use the same
Choose 2 random keys (K1, K2), and 2 random IVs for CBC (IV1, IV2)
MAC the plaintext file using CBC-MAC, key is K2, IV = IV2
postpend the MAC to the file
Encrypt the file using K1 in CBC mode, IV = IV1
For each member in the group take their public key, and construct a shared
secret (your choice how), that shared secret is used as the key to encrypt
K1 and K2, this (known length) encrypted value is PersonalText[i]
The new file format is:
number of members of group (n)
encrypted file
On each access the accessing person iterates through the PersonalText list,
for each decrypted value (remember there is no authenticator on the value to
save room, and raise the cost of determining membership in bulk) perform a
full decrypt and MAC verification, if the MAC verifies the decryption is
This is rather similar to what PGP and others use for multi-target
encryption, but to speed the process they include key ids of some kind, that
is effectively the only change (assuming proper choices for omissions).
Proving the security of this is more difficult as there is a possibility
that the correlations given by PersonalText[0,n] may provide improved
methods of breakage, this can be addressed using hashes and random numbers
in the PersonalText. However assuming ECC is equivalent to DH key agreement
(almost certainly), the determination of whether a given PersonalText[i] is
for User U is a simple variation of the Decision Diffie-Hellman problem.
Probably not, until they realize that it can be solved with a reuse of
PGP-type messages without key ids, at which point it should be well within
their knowledge.
                Joseph Ashwood
Trust Laboratories
Changing Software Development

@_date: 2004-04-28 20:21:48
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Can Skype be wiretapped by the authorities? 
While Skype is generally rather protective of their protocol, there have
been leaks, in fact one elak that I am aware of was to me personally,
unfortunately I do not have the protocol any more it just wasn't worth
saving. With that said the protocol is horribly and completely worthless,
they brag about using 1536-2048 bit RSA, but what they dont' tell you is
that when I saw the protocol the key was directly encrypted without padding,
it's also worth noting that when I said "key" that wasn't a typo, there was
only one, although it was hashed to create two. There was a complete lack of
message authentication, a complete lack of key verification, a complete lack
of one-timeness to the transfers, basically a complete lack of security,
even their user verification was flawed to the point where it was completely
worthless. Assuming that they have not changed their protocol substantially
(likely considering no one would listen to the individual that leaked it to
me, and hence was given the breaks) the protocol is still horribly insecure,
and pointlessly complex. The ONLY functional security it has is that it is
peer2peer and as such it is harder to eavesdrop.
                            Joe
Trust Laboratories
Changing Software Development

@_date: 2004-06-18 20:57:42
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: A National ID: AAMVA's Unique ID 
; Sent: Thursday, June 17, 2004 10:31 AM
I think you misunderstood my point. My point was that it is actually
_easier_, _cheaper_, and more _secure_ to eliminate all the silos. There is
no reason for the various silos, and there is less reason to tie them
together. My entire point was to put my entire record on my card, this
allows faster look-up (O(1) time versus O(lg(n))), greater security (I
control access to my record), it's cheaper (the cards have to be bought
anyway), it's easier (I've already done most of the work on defining them),
and administration is easier (no one has to care about duplication).
I think they are drawing the line a bit finer than either of us would like.
They don't call it a national ID because it being a national ID means that
it would be run by the federal government, being instead run by state
governments, it is a state ID, linked nationally.
As I said in the prior one, I disagree with any efforts to create forced ID.
Well then create a High-Security ID card company, build it on the technology
I've talked about. It's fairly simple, file the paperwork to create an LLC
with you and Robyn, the LLC acquires a website, it can be co-located at your
current office location, the website talks about my technology, how it
allows the unique and secure identification of every individual, blah, blah,
blah, get a credit card issued in the correct name. They'll almost certainly
let you in, you'll look and smell like a valid alternative (without lying
because you could certainly offer the technology), if you really want to
make it look really good I'm even willing to work with you on filing a
patent, something that they'd almost certainly appreciate.
Of course it won't, their "mission and service" is to offer the strongest
identity link possible in the ID cards issued nation-wide, as such the
citizen's course of action has to be to govern the states issuing these
identication papers. However, if you offer them technology to actually make
their "mission and service" cheaper, more effective, and as a side-benefit
better for their voters. Besides, if you can't beat them (you won't stop
them, no matter what you do) at least improve the situation, you could
easily become a far wealthier individual and improve our general security
versus the alternatives.
Very much so, but I also realize that there are far more people who are more
than willing to be "ear-tagged" than those of us willing to fight, as such
what we need to do is fight on a fundamental basis, the most fundamental
benefit offered by good technology in doing this is the cost savings
(regardless of the improved security). As such we need to wage a war on two
fronts, on one front we work to destroy the basis on which they can enstate
these measures, this will work to scale-back the deployment. The second
front is to make it more secure as it does get rolled out, and to build the
technology in such a way that their invasive tactics can be thrown out by
the voting population without destroying the core usefulness of the system
(e.g. it can still be a driver's license).
Such a two-front war is complex and difficult, but if the first front is
completely successful we have gained our desires, the second-front is only
there to erode the invasiveness and provide an abort-path for getting rid of
the technology.
I guess my further point is that sometimes disruptive activities only
results in them hiding from you while they work, but delicate adjustments
can result in real changes.
                Joe

@_date: 2004-12-10 03:47:50
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: punkly current events 
Well besides the misinterprettaion of the ruling, which I will ignore, what makes you think MixMaster isn't already dead?
MixMaster is only being used by a small percentage of individuals. Those individuals like to claim that everyone should send everything anonymously, when in truth communication cannot happen with anonymity, and trust cannot be built anonymously. This leaves MixMaster as only being useful for a small percentage of normal people, and those using it to prevent being identified as they communicate with other known individuals.
The result of this is rather the opposite of what MixMaster is supposed to create. A small group to investigate for any actions which are illegal, or deemed worth investigating. In fact it is arguable that for a new face in action it is probably easier to get away with the actions in question to send the information in the clear to their compatriots than it is to use MixMaster, simply because being a part of the group using MixMaster immediately flags them, as potential problems.
In short, except for those few people who have some use for MixMaster, MixMaster was stillborn. I'm not arguing whether such a situation should be the correct way things happened, but that is the way things happened.
                Joe

@_date: 2004-12-11 05:47:25
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Mixmaster is dead, long live wardriving 
Wardriving is also basically dead. Sure there are a handful of people that do it, but the number is so small as to be irrelevant. Checking the logs for my network (which does run WEP so the number of attacks may be reduced from unprotected) in the last 2 years someone (other than those authorized) has attempted to connect about 1000 times, of those only 4 made repeated attempts, 2 succeeded and hit the outside of the IPSec server (I run WEP as a courtesy to the rest of the connection attempts). That means that in the last 2 years there have been at most 4 attempts at wardriving my network, and I live in a population dense part of San Jose. Wardriving can also be declared dead. Glancing at the wireless networks visible from my computer I currently see 6, all using at least WEP (earlier there were 7, still all encrypted). I regularly drive down through Los Angeles, when I have stopped for gas or food and checked I rarely see an unprotected network. The WEP message has gotten out, and the higher security versions are getting the message out as well. Now all it will take is a small court ruling that whatever comes out of your network you are responsible for, and the available wardriving targets will quickly drop to almost 0.
Wardriving is either dead or dying.
Now we're back to the MixMaster argument. Mixmaster was meant to be a "Napster-level popular app" for emailing, but people just don't care about anonymity. Such an app would need to have a seperate primary purpose. The problem with this is that, as we've seen with Freenet, the extra security layering can actually undermine the usability, leading to a functional collapse. If a proper medium can be struck then such an application can become popular, I don't expect this to happen any time soon.
                Joe

@_date: 2005-02-21 02:41:18
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 broken? 
That is only misreading my statements and missing a very large portion where I specifically stated that the new machine would need to be custom instead of semi-custom. The proposed system was not based on FPGAs, instead it would need to be based on ASICs engineered using modern technology, much more along the lines of a DSP. The primary gains available are actually from the larger wafers in use now, along with the transistor shrinkage. Combined these have approximately kept the cost in line with Moore's law, and the benefits of custom engineering account for the rest. So for exact details about how I did the calculations I assumed Moore's law for speed, and an additional 4x improvement from custom chips instead of of the shelf. In order to verify the calculations I also redid them assuming DSPs which should be capable of processing the data (specifically from TI), I came to a cost within a couple orders of magnitude although the power consumption would be substantially higher.
                Joe

@_date: 2005-02-04 09:54:03
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
That issue has been dealt with. They do this by initializing the chip at the production plant, and generating the certs there, thus the process of making your software TCPA work actually involves faking out the production facility for some chips. This prevents the re-init that I think I saw mentioned a few messages ago (unless there's some re-signing process within the chip to allow back-registering, entirely possible, but unlikely). It even gets worse from there because the TCPA chip actually verifies the operating system on load, and then the OS verifies the drivers, solid chain of verification. Honestly Kaminsky has the correct idea about how to get into the chip and break the security, one small unchecked buffer and all the security disappears forever.
                    Joe
Trust Laboratories
Changing Software Development

@_date: 2005-02-21 02:41:18
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 broken? 
That is only misreading my statements and missing a very large portion where I specifically stated that the new machine would need to be custom instead of semi-custom. The proposed system was not based on FPGAs, instead it would need to be based on ASICs engineered using modern technology, much more along the lines of a DSP. The primary gains available are actually from the larger wafers in use now, along with the transistor shrinkage. Combined these have approximately kept the cost in line with Moore's law, and the benefits of custom engineering account for the rest. So for exact details about how I did the calculations I assumed Moore's law for speed, and an additional 4x improvement from custom chips instead of of the shelf. In order to verify the calculations I also redid them assuming DSPs which should be capable of processing the data (specifically from TI), I came to a cost within a couple orders of magnitude although the power consumption would be substantially higher.
                Joe

@_date: 2005-02-19 06:46:34
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 broken? 
Sent: Friday, February 18, 2005 3:11 AM
[the attack is reasonable]
Reading through the summary I found a bit of information that means my estimates of workload have to be re-evaluated. Page 1 "Based on our estimation, we expect that real collisions of SHA1 reduced to 70-steps can be found using todays supercomputers." This is a very important statement for estimating the real workload, assuming there is an implicit "in one year" in there, and assuming BlueGene (Top 500 list slot 1) this represents 22937.6 GHz*years, or slightly over 2^69 clock cycles, I am obviously still using gigahertz because information gives us nothing better to work from. This clearly indicates that the operations used for the workload span multiple processor clocks, and performing a gross estimation based on pure guesswork I'm guessing that my numbers are actually off by a factor of between 50 and 500, this factor will likely work cleanly in either adjusting the timeframe or production cost.
My suggestion though to make a switch away from SHA-1 as soon as reasonable, and to prepare to switch hashes very quickly in the future remains the same, the march of processor progress is not going to halt, and the advance of cryptographic attacks will not halt which will inevitably squeeze SHA-1 to broken. I would actually argue that the 2^80 strength it should have is enough to begin its retirement, 2^80 has been "strong enough" for a decade in spite of the march of technology. Under the processor speed enhancements that have happened over the last decade we should have increased the keylength already to accomodate for dual core chips running at 20 times the speed for a total of 40 times the prior speed (I was going to use Spec data for a better calculation but I couldn'd immediately find specs for a Pentium Pro 200) by adding at least 5 bits preferrably 8 to our necessary protection                 Joe

@_date: 2005-02-19 06:46:34
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 broken? 
Sent: Friday, February 18, 2005 3:11 AM
[the attack is reasonable]
Reading through the summary I found a bit of information that means my estimates of workload have to be re-evaluated. Page 1 "Based on our estimation, we expect that real collisions of SHA1 reduced to 70-steps can be found using todays supercomputers." This is a very important statement for estimating the real workload, assuming there is an implicit "in one year" in there, and assuming BlueGene (Top 500 list slot 1) this represents 22937.6 GHz*years, or slightly over 2^69 clock cycles, I am obviously still using gigahertz because information gives us nothing better to work from. This clearly indicates that the operations used for the workload span multiple processor clocks, and performing a gross estimation based on pure guesswork I'm guessing that my numbers are actually off by a factor of between 50 and 500, this factor will likely work cleanly in either adjusting the timeframe or production cost.
My suggestion though to make a switch away from SHA-1 as soon as reasonable, and to prepare to switch hashes very quickly in the future remains the same, the march of processor progress is not going to halt, and the advance of cryptographic attacks will not halt which will inevitably squeeze SHA-1 to broken. I would actually argue that the 2^80 strength it should have is enough to begin its retirement, 2^80 has been "strong enough" for a decade in spite of the march of technology. Under the processor speed enhancements that have happened over the last decade we should have increased the keylength already to accomodate for dual core chips running at 20 times the speed for a total of 40 times the prior speed (I was going to use Spec data for a better calculation but I couldn'd immediately find specs for a Pentium Pro 200) by adding at least 5 bits preferrably 8 to our necessary protection                 Joe

@_date: 2005-02-18 11:11:30
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 broken? 
Sent: Thursday, February 17, 2005 2:49 AM
I believe you substantially misunderstood my statements, 2^69 work is doable _now_. 2^55 work was performed in 72 hours in 1998, scaling forward the 7 years to the present (and hence through known data) leads to a situation where the 2^69 work is achievable today in a reasonable timeframe (3 days), assuming reasonable quantities of available money ($500,000US). There is no guessing about what the future holds for this, the 2^69 work is NOW.
----- Original Message ----- ; "Cryptography" What you're missing in this is that Deep Crack was already a year old at the time it was used for this, I was assuming that the most recent technologies would be used, so the 1998 point for Deep Crack was the critical point. Also if you check the real statistics for RC5-64 you will find that Distributed.net suffered from a major lack of optimization on the workhorse of the DES cracking effort (DEC Alpha processor) even to the point where running the X86 code in emulation was faster than the native code. Since an Alpha Processor had been the breaking force for DES Challenge I and a factor of > 1/3  for III this crippled the performance resulting in the Alphas running at only ~2% of their optimal speed, and the x86 systems were running at only about 50%. Based on just this 2^64 should have taken only 1.5 years. Additionally add in that virtually the entire Alpha community pulled out because we had better things to do with our processors (e.g. IIRC the same systems rendered Titanic) and Distributed.net was effectively sucked dry of workhorse systems, so a timeframe of 4-6 months is more likely, without any custom hardware and rather sad software optimization. Assuming that the new attacks can be pipelined (the biggest problem with the RC5-64 optimizations was pipeline breaking) it is entirely possible to use modern technology along with GaAs substrate to generate chips in the 10-20 GHz range, or about 10x the speed available to Distributed.net. Add targetted hardware to the mix, deep pipelining, and massively multiprocessors and my numbers still hold, give or take a few orders of magnitude (the 8% of III done by Deep Crack in 23 hours is only a little over 2 orders of magnitude off, so within acceptable bounds).
2^69 is achievable, it may not be pretty, and it certainly isn't kind to the security of the vast majority of "secure" infrastructure, but it is achievable and while the cost bounds may have to be shifted, that is achievable as well.
It is still my view that everyone needs to keep a close eye on their hashes, make sure the numbers add up correctly, it is simply my view now that SHA-1 needs to be put out to pasture, and the rest of the SHA line needs to be heavily reconsidered because of their close relation to SHA-1.
The biggest unknown surrounding this is the actual amount of work necessary to perform the 2^69, if the workload is all XOR then the costs and timeframe I gave are reasonably pessimistic, but if the required operations are dynamically sized mulitplies then the time*cost is off by some very large Even simple bulk computation assuming full pipelining says that 4700 4 GHz to complete 2^69 operations in 1 year, even assuming using full 3.8 GHz pentium 4s instead of a more optimal package only leads to a processor cost of 3.1 million for a 1 year 2^69, dropping that down to 2.4GHz celerons requires 7800 of them, but only $538,000. Moving to DSPs and FPGAs the costs will drop substantially, but I don't feel like looking it up, and as the costs drop the number of processors that can be used increases linearly additionally as the individual speeds drop the purchase cost drops better than linearly. I am quite confident that with careful engineering a custom box could be produced for the $500,000 mark that would do 2^69 operations in the proper timeframe. With deep pipelining any complexity of 2^69 operations could be done in the timeframe, but will scale the price. I suppose I should also point out an unspoken qualifier, I am assuming a large number of these machines will be built reducing the engineering overhead to miniscule, for a one-off project this will likely be the dominant cost.
2^69 work is achievable, the cost multiplier associated will be the determining factor.
                Joe

@_date: 2005-02-18 11:11:30
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 broken? 
Sent: Thursday, February 17, 2005 2:49 AM
I believe you substantially misunderstood my statements, 2^69 work is doable _now_. 2^55 work was performed in 72 hours in 1998, scaling forward the 7 years to the present (and hence through known data) leads to a situation where the 2^69 work is achievable today in a reasonable timeframe (3 days), assuming reasonable quantities of available money ($500,000US). There is no guessing about what the future holds for this, the 2^69 work is NOW.
----- Original Message ----- ; "Cryptography" What you're missing in this is that Deep Crack was already a year old at the time it was used for this, I was assuming that the most recent technologies would be used, so the 1998 point for Deep Crack was the critical point. Also if you check the real statistics for RC5-64 you will find that Distributed.net suffered from a major lack of optimization on the workhorse of the DES cracking effort (DEC Alpha processor) even to the point where running the X86 code in emulation was faster than the native code. Since an Alpha Processor had been the breaking force for DES Challenge I and a factor of > 1/3  for III this crippled the performance resulting in the Alphas running at only ~2% of their optimal speed, and the x86 systems were running at only about 50%. Based on just this 2^64 should have taken only 1.5 years. Additionally add in that virtually the entire Alpha community pulled out because we had better things to do with our processors (e.g. IIRC the same systems rendered Titanic) and Distributed.net was effectively sucked dry of workhorse systems, so a timeframe of 4-6 months is more likely, without any custom hardware and rather sad software optimization. Assuming that the new attacks can be pipelined (the biggest problem with the RC5-64 optimizations was pipeline breaking) it is entirely possible to use modern technology along with GaAs substrate to generate chips in the 10-20 GHz range, or about 10x the speed available to Distributed.net. Add targetted hardware to the mix, deep pipelining, and massively multiprocessors and my numbers still hold, give or take a few orders of magnitude (the 8% of III done by Deep Crack in 23 hours is only a little over 2 orders of magnitude off, so within acceptable bounds).
2^69 is achievable, it may not be pretty, and it certainly isn't kind to the security of the vast majority of "secure" infrastructure, but it is achievable and while the cost bounds may have to be shifted, that is achievable as well.
It is still my view that everyone needs to keep a close eye on their hashes, make sure the numbers add up correctly, it is simply my view now that SHA-1 needs to be put out to pasture, and the rest of the SHA line needs to be heavily reconsidered because of their close relation to SHA-1.
The biggest unknown surrounding this is the actual amount of work necessary to perform the 2^69, if the workload is all XOR then the costs and timeframe I gave are reasonably pessimistic, but if the required operations are dynamically sized mulitplies then the time*cost is off by some very large Even simple bulk computation assuming full pipelining says that 4700 4 GHz to complete 2^69 operations in 1 year, even assuming using full 3.8 GHz pentium 4s instead of a more optimal package only leads to a processor cost of 3.1 million for a 1 year 2^69, dropping that down to 2.4GHz celerons requires 7800 of them, but only $538,000. Moving to DSPs and FPGAs the costs will drop substantially, but I don't feel like looking it up, and as the costs drop the number of processors that can be used increases linearly additionally as the individual speeds drop the purchase cost drops better than linearly. I am quite confident that with careful engineering a custom box could be produced for the $500,000 mark that would do 2^69 operations in the proper timeframe. With deep pipelining any complexity of 2^69 operations could be done in the timeframe, but will scale the price. I suppose I should also point out an unspoken qualifier, I am assuming a large number of these machines will be built reducing the engineering overhead to miniscule, for a one-off project this will likely be the dominant cost.
2^69 work is achievable, the cost multiplier associated will be the determining factor.
                Joe

@_date: 2005-02-17 05:06:44
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 broken? 
I believe you are incorrect in this statement. It is a matter of public record that RSA Security's DES Challenge II was broken in 72 hours by $250,000 worth of semi-custom machine, for the sake of solidity let's assume they used 2^55 work to break it. Now moving to a completely custom design, bumping up the cost to $500,000, and moving forward 7 years, delivers ~2^70 work in 72 hours (give or take a couple orders of magnitude). This puts the 2^69 work well within the realm of realizable breaks, assuming your attackers are smallish businesses, and if your attackers are large businesses with substantial resources the break can be assumed in minutes if not seconds.
2^69 is completely breakable.
                Joe

@_date: 2010-02-23 13:27:04
@_author: "Joseph Ashwood" 
@_subject: Re: Markets are efficient if and only if P = NP 
I disagree, its actually useful, in a particularly odd way. The profitability of hedge funds says that the markets are not efficient (one of their founding principles). So the inability of a massive multiprocessing system to build proper market efficiency indicates that no one currently has a solution to prove P=NP. There is also far more money in economic research than in algorithmic research, so anyone who manages to bring the market to being efficient will in fact have proven P=NP long before the algorithm is known. From a security standpoint this is extremely valuable information. Maybe Maymin should apply the same processes and become a hedge fund manager, they make a lot more money than mere engineers.
                Joe
