
@_date: 2004-04-04 02:09:12
@_author: "geraldo lavender" 
@_subject: Bqcu bvy pain medicine 0n1ine 
low-content  lubars  mercator  lecointe  mrees
We take the risk out of finding a safe place to make your online medical
decisions. Your health, safety, and shopping experience are very important
to us.
Hydrocodone at a Discount
FedEx shipping. 0n.line tracking.
Your comfort and convenience is our prime concern. Quit:  Bertha was a very pretty girl. Quite a lot of young men wanted to marry
her, but she was not satisfied with any of  them. One day, one of the young
men came to visit her and asked her to become his wife. She answered, "No,
John,I won't marry you.I want to marry a man who is famous, who can play
music m sing and dance very well, who can tell interesting stories, who does
not smoke or drink , who stays at home in the evenings and who stops talking
when I'm tired of listening."The young man got up, took his coat and went to
the door, but before he left the house, he turned and said to Bertha, "It
isn't a man you're looking for. It's a television set."
A local bar was so sure that its bartender was the strongest man around
that they offered a standing $1,000 bet. The bartender would squeeze a lemon
until all the juice ran into a glass, and hand the lemon to a patron. Anyone
who could squeeze one more drop of juice out would win the money. Many
people had tried over time (weightlifters, longshoremen, etc.) but nobody
could do it. One day a scrawny little man wearing thick glasses and a
polyester suit came in and said in a tiny, squeaky voice, "I'd like to try
the bet." After the laughter had died down, the bartender said okay, grabbed
a lemon, and squeezed away. Then he handed the wrinkled remains of the rind
to the little man. But the crowd's laughter turned to total silence as the
man clenched his fist around the lemon and six drops fell into the glass. As
the crowd cheered, the bartender paid the $1,000, and asked the little man,
"What do you do for a living? Are you a lumberjack, a weightlifter, or
what?" The man replied, "I work for the IRS."
narratio9nishikad03se-ta-,raundoro tekizi.
