
@_date: 2004-10-30 05:35:55
@_author: Aspen 
@_subject: Be a part of the Next Hit Show, Aspen The Series 
"Creating America's Next Hit Television Show" ... an interactive reality show where you are a contestant from your own living room and can win part of $100,000  in total prizes!!!  Yes, you can be involved in creating America's Next Hit Television Show, "ASPEN" and win prizes!  Go to  and check us out. Forward this e-mail to your creative friends.
Watch "Creating America's Next Hit Television Show" premiering October  23 on Spike TV at 3:00 am Eastern & Pacific, 2am Central, 1am Mountain or Comedy Central at 6:30am Eastern & Pacific, 5:30 Central & 4:30 Mountain that same early Saturday morning.  The series will run via "Paid Programming" on these channels at these times for the following six weeks through November  27  , 2004.  If you're not going to be up at these early hours, you're going to want to fire up the Tivo and record this groundbreaking interactive new show.   You will have the opportunity to help create America's Next Hit Television Show, "ASPEN" and a chance to win prizes totaling $100,000. Go to  and check us out
The grand prize for the "Producer's Notes" section of our contest is valued at $30,000 and includes an all expense paid five star trip for you and five of your friends to Aspen for a winter ski vacation or a summer vacation (your choice).  You will be picked up in the city of your choice within the continental United States by a private jet and stay at a $4,000,000 home in Aspen, party at the world famous Caribou Club (the most exclusive private club in America), and receive lift tickets and rental ski equipment for a three day weekend. Valued at $5,000 each, four finalist for the "Producer's Notes" section of our contest shall be flown out to Los Angeles to stay at the world famous Mondrian Hotel (incredible party spot) and appear on national television pitching future episodes of ASPEN.  Cool, huh?
There shall be ten $1,000 prizes and eighty $500 prizes distributed for the "Survey" section of our contest. Go to  and check us out Notable peolple involved in the project are:
Christopher Cain is co- executive producing.  Chris is Dean Cain's father and writer director producer of over twenty five features including Young Guns
Lawrence H. Levy is our writer and was two time Emmy   nominated and won the WGA award as writer for Seinfeld.
Richard Kline is our comedy director.  Richard was "Larry" in "Three's Company." Gregory T. Simmons is the creator and producer of "Creating America's  Next Hit Television Show" and "ASPEN" the series.
If you wish to not receive this newsletter anymore, follow the link below
BY US Mail: News Group PO Box 812274  Boca Raton, FL 33481
"Creating America's Next Hit Television Show" ... an interactive reality show where you are a contestant from your own living room and can win part of $100,000  in total prizes!!!  
Yes, you can be involved in creating America's Next Hit Television Show, "ASPEN" the series and win prizes!  Go To: and forward this to all your Watch "Creating America's Next Hit Television Show" with continued airing this Saturday, October 30 on Comedy Central at 6:30am Eastern & Pacific, 5:30am Central and 4:30am Mountain Time, or this Sunday, October  31 on Spike TV at 3:00am Eastern & Pacific, 2am Central & 1am Mountain Time.  The series will  continue to run via "Paid Programming" on these channels at these times and dates weekly for the following five weeks through November 28, 2004  (last episode broadcast dates of November 27 for Comedy & 28 for Spike may push.  Please check our web site home page for any changes).  If you're not going to be up at these early hours, you're going to want to fire up the Tivo and record this groundbreaking interactive new show.   You will have the opportunity to help create America's Next Hit Television Show, "ASPEN" the series and a chance to win prizes totaling $100,000. If you miss the program times above, you can still participate by viewing that episode on our website on its video page and voting through the following Thursday...
Go to  and check us out
The grand prize for the "Producer's Notes" section of our contest is valued at $30,000 and includes an all expense paid five star trip for you and five of your friends to Aspen for a winter ski vacation or a summer vacation (your choice).  You will be picked up in the city of your choice within the continental United States by a private jet and stay at a $4,000,000 home in Aspen, party at the world famous Caribou Club (the most exclusive private club in America), and receive lift tickets and rental ski equipment for a three day weekend. 
Valued at $5,000 each, four finalist for the "Producer's Notes" section of our contest shall be flown out to Los Angeles to stay at the world famous Mondrian Hotel (incredible party spot) and appear on national television pitching future episodes of ASPEN.  Cool, huh?
There shall be ten $1,000 prizes and eighty $500 prizes distributed for the "Survey" section of our contest. Go to  and see what we are all about
Notable peolple involved in the project are:
Christopher Cain is co- executive producing. Chris is Dean Cain's father and writer, director and producer of over twenty five features including "Young Guns".
Lawrence H. Levy is our writer and was two time Emmy nominated and won the WGA award as writer for Seinfeld.
Richard Kline is our comedy director.  Richard was "Larry" in "Three's Company." 
Gregory T. Simmons is the creator and producer of "Creating America's Next Hit Television Show" and "ASPEN" the series.
