
@_date: 2002-09-04 15:55:39
@_author: "Anton Stiglic" 
@_subject: Re: Cryptographic privacy protection in TCPA 
Jan Camenisch works for IBM, it's no surprise that the scheme is being
The scheme is not very efficient compared to Brands', but I would guess
if you don't mind doing allot of computation.
It is based on zero-knowledge proofs.  The basic idea of using
zero-knowledge proofs
to create an unlikable anonymous credentials system is actually pretty
intuitive and simple, and
people have taught about it before Camenisch & Lysyanskay have.  You can
probably think
about it yourself and come up with a similar scheme (not necessarily
provably secure however)
The novelty in my point of view is simply the choice of the setting in which
they work in (group of
quadratic residues modulo a composite), so that their scheme can apparently
be proven secure
under the strong RSA assumptions and the decisional DH assumption.
Camenischs work on group signatures and "Proving in zero-knowledge that a
number n is
the product of two safe primes" seem to have lead to the result.

@_date: 2003-12-15 19:46:59
@_author: "Anton Stiglic" 
@_subject: Re: PKI root signing ceremony, etc. 
We had something similar going on at Zeroknowlege Systems for the PKI
of the Freedom servers.  But the password that protected the private key
was in split knowledge, and the observer wrote down what he observed
in a log journal...
You also want to make sure that the computer you are doing this on is not connected to another machine or network.

@_date: 2004-04-29 14:51:01
@_author: "Anton Stiglic" 
@_subject: Re:  Is there a Brands certificate reference implementation? 
Stefan Brands started his own company,
There isn't much on the web site yet, but if you click on the image you get
the info
email address.
The code that was developed for Brands credentials at ZKS was never
released.  There was also code written during the ESPRIT project called
A description of protocols for Brands credentials can be found here
A more elaborate reference is the technical paper that can be found here

@_date: 2004-07-13 19:36:16
@_author: "Anton Stiglic" 
@_subject: RE: EZ Pass and the fast lane .... 
My 2 cents on the subject...
The automatic toll fee system I am most familiar with is that of Kapsh (used
to be Combitech).  They have implemented automatic toll fee collection in
many countries around the world (in Europe, Asia, Australia, south
I think they usually implement a combination of 1) a system that queries a device in the car, which identifies the car
owner, and then charges the owner in a central database (incrementing the
amount that is due)
2) license plate scanning for accountability purposes.
When you do crypto to authenticate the communication between the toll device
and the device in the car, you need to do fast crypto.  Where I work, we
used to be in the hardware arena and had a project designing an HSM for a
toll fee system.  The requirements where that it had to be based on DES/3DES
and you had to be able to do DES/3DES operations on single, small length
messages, rapidly.  This last part is a bit tricky, it's not the same as
getting good average speed on longer messages, you need to take into account
the communication between the PC and the HSM which accounts for allot of
overhead on a single, small length message;  IO memory mapping is a good way
to go, also preparing keys in RAM can help just a bit, but for us IO memory
mapping gave the most significant speed-up.  There a paper from IBM on this
subject (can't find the reference now), with the same conclusions.
License plate scanners seem to be effective these days.  I related story to
the toll fee license plate scanning, Toronto police are using a license
plate recognition device to scan parked cars in order to attempt to identify
stolen cars:
They were able to recover 153 stolen cars in a 3-month test period.
They say they can scan 1000 license plates an hour, but this includes the
time to send the information to a central point and do a search in a
