
@_date: 2005-02-12 15:26:53
@_author: umsxATONIO FERNANDO 
@_subject: HELP smcds 
Dear Friend,
I appreciate your reply and your urgent response to service. I also
appreciate your enthusiastic zeal to help fulfill my last request on earth.
You have really said strong words to me and I felt better after reading your
mail. I have strong belief in you and hope you won't disappoint me, and I am
very happy that you have the experience on this work, that is exactly what I
am looking for, some body who have the experience, some body who have done
something for charities before, please once we conclude this transaction, I
will want you to start with charities and churches, before you go into order
First; I want you to understand clearly the terms of the deposit. When the
funds were deposited at the Private Security and Holding Firm, as personal
and precious belongings, I paid for its safekeeping over a period of time. I
am aware that this demurrage is due now but at the moment, I don't know how
much it has accrue to until the security company has been contacted.
Whatever the amount you spend on expenses (While clearing the funds); I want
to assure you that you can remove it from the funds when it has been cleared
from the company.
If you feel comfortable with all this, I will like you to tell me more about
yourself and send me your picture so that I can know the person that is
assisting me in my vision. I asked for your picture because it might not be
possible for me to see you personally or see this dream Accomplished because
of the time the doctors have told me I have left.
I would also want you to assure me of your sincerity and that you will
ensure that the funds are used appropriately. I wouldn't want a replay of
what members of my family did.
The whole idea is that I need someone who can devote so much time to this
charity programmer and who I can make my next of kin to collect the funds
and deposit it to charity.
As soon as I receive your reply, I will then forward your details to my
lawyer, who will give you steps on what you should do. He has all my
I am also sending you more of my pictures, please i will want you to send me
your picture too, so that i will know exactly who i am communicating with,
and also pray for you.
ATONIO FERNANDO
