
@_date: 2001-09-24 22:19:04
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: [RANT] Conservative Poll hard against National ID 
Conservative Poll hard against National ID     No-one likes the concept of the National-ID
    card... that's a given.  However, for all intensive
    purposes, we have had a national ID system for many
    years. A police officer, requesting your social security
    number, or using the driver's license to obtain the SSN
    as required for a license, can display everything about
    you down to credit, criminal, run-ins with child
    protective services, domestic altercations, arrests that
    did not result in convictions....     What is the difference in the current ID system rather
    than a standardized national-ID card which contains
    biometric information which has the additional "benefit"
    of protecting you from identity theft?     However, implantable ID? that's "mark of the beast".
    What I do object to is adding credit, criminal, CPS,
    religion, etc type data to the contents of the card
    --that should be on a need-to-know basis by those
    involved who will not he hindered either way --just
    establish ID beyond a doubt.     However, it is equally critical, if not more so, that
    they implement an alien identity card. Refusing to
    implement a National-ID card only benefits the aliens
    who survive quite nicely on fake ID. Biometric ID would
    be registered and identifiable --forgery would be
    impossible (or would be until you consider political
    graft).     Given the computer proliferation of personal data in the
    last 20 years, we were right on schedule for 1984 as it
    was.  If the data access is going to be out there, might
    as well do it correctly and establish who has right to
    access from the gate --and make it a three or
    four-tiered implementation: citizens, resident aliens,
    non-resident aliens, and visitors.     Sure, no-one wants ID, but we already have it, fakes and
    all; secondly, failure to produce ID currently means
    detention under the "John Doe" rules which technically
    means three hots and a cot until you can conclusively
    prove who you are --there is no requirement to grant
    bail.     At least Larry Ellison is beating the Evil Empire to
    the punch.     Aw, shit, why don't we just round up all the towel
    heads, liberals, and other troublemakers and get on with
    our lives?     	attila out...   ID, OR NOT ID  What do you think of national identity cards?  WND poll with about 5,000 votes cast:  Under no circumstance will I accept one  37.46%  What's next, implants on my head or hand  24.18%  Dangers outweigh benefits  11.96%  Founding fathers would be rolling over  7.55%  Benefits outweigh dangers  5.19%  George Orwell would be proud  5.06%  Great idea, stamp me up today  3.69%  OK in fight against terrorism  2.97%  Doesn't matter either way  1.02%  Other  0.93%

@_date: 2001-09-12 22:01:37
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: What George Should Have Said 
What George should have said:
    My Heavenly Father,
      Please forgive me for protecting thy people.
      I ask this in the name of thy beloved Son, Jesus
      Christ, our Lord and Savior

@_date: 2001-09-11 23:55:01
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: Less talk, more action 
This is not the time to "investigate" and "blame" --it's
  time to turn Iraq into a glass parking lot and Afghanistan
  into a cinder.
  It takes less than 30 minutes to re-target and deliver the
  ordnance...
  I'll settle for the Casablanca Inspector: "round up
  the usual suspects". Anything less than a dramatic
  response of 'shoot first and ask questions when there is
  silence' is insufficient.
  Bin Laden may have been capable of placing the hijacking
  teams, but Iraq is the clear beneficiary.  Bin Laden may
  get revenge, but Saddam gets an opening. A ground war
  against Iraq's legions would be foolish --the Gulf war was
  won against his hordes by pulverizing them with carpet
  bombing and demoralizing them --by the time our troops
  moved, there was virtually no resistance.
  I'm automatically ruling out North Korea (not capable);
  Iran (enough problems of their own and not capable of
  sustained action); Russia (not in their best interests);
  and China (could not afford the economics of war). Bin
  Laden is bent on revenge, and Saddam is a megalomaniac who
  does not care if his people are targeted.
  If Bush fails to take a dramatic step, eg: incinerate
  Baghdad, then the talking heads will be playing Neville
  Chamberlain; the UN will "condemn" the action while
  accusing the US of creating the conditions which brought
  on the attack; and, Iraq and the rest of the Arabs,
  etc. have the opportunity to play counter-threats....
  If the US waits to retaliate, the Arabs will show a united
  front --if Iraq is gone before they can even start to
  argue among themselves, there will be muted satisfaction
  in their governments that Saddam's head was finally
  delivered on a platter.
  If the retaliation is fait accompli, nobody has
  time to comment --and no-one, other than perhaps the
  Syrians will mourn the loss of Baghdad.
  If Iraq is not permanently neutralized, they will power
  strike across Jordan and Syria into Israel --at that
  point, the Israelis will preemptively nuke Baghdad. From a
  strategic standpoint, it would be far preferable for the
  US to do its own dirty work than accept world opinion that
  the US was either a) too impotent to clean its own mess;
  or, b) that Israel was the pawn, thereby uniting the
  Arabs.
  We probably have upwards of 20,000 dead in NYC alone; now
  is not the time to be squeamish about collateral damage in
  foreign targets.
  Lastly, what the US does in the first hours will determine
  the US' ability to prosecute the action in its entirety.
  Today we determine whether or not America has the will to
  survive. If we falter, the whole world will kick us when
  we are down --eg: the third vision begins.
  Make us proud to be Americans, George...

@_date: 2001-09-13 05:37:48
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: where do we go from here (and where should we have gone) 
The time for a massive one-shot 'retaliation' has passed
    --it should have been done within the hour.  I had hoped
    when Bush went to Orfit AFB (US missile command,
    sometimes referred to as 'nuke city') we might see a
    proper response --we did not.
    As members of the Church we are required to forgive our
    "trespassers"; I have no problem with forgiving them as
    they are obviously misguided, but that does not change
    the need and responsibility to protect our families and
    therefore punish not only the direct participants but
    also their leaders and any nations who harbor them. In
    so much as the terrorists are outside the reasonable
    laws of man, extraordinary measures are warranted.
    I consider 'war, in and of itself, a war crime', but
    that does not diminish the occasional requirement to
    maintain the rule of law, but war should only be
    entertained if you are determined to strike a decisive
    (and hopefully permanent) victory. To the victors go the
    privilege to write history; to the losers go the war
    crime trials.
    Terrorists are a special case. Bin Laden is following
    the playbook of the old Chinese master, Sun Tzu: kill
    one man and you terrify 10,000. Terrorists can only be
    eliminated by turning the people against them with pain
    and suffering --eg: 18 million Iraqis all do not wish to
    be martyrs when the chips are down. If we had taken out
    Iraq and Afghanistan, we should have smiled and said:
    "Next?"
    Geostrategy Direct detailed the Israeli assessment of
    Bin Laden's and Hussein's dirty hands.
    Today's Federalist article was the strongest (and
    most rational) I have seen --their bottom line is part
    of what I demanded yesterday: Afghanistan becomes molten
    silicon.
    What do we do now? Probably slide down the slope of the
    talking heads as the Left criticizes Bush's lack of
    decisive leadership (and U.S. intelligence failure) and
    permits the UN to convene to condemn the terrorism, but
    even more strongly condemn U.S. foreign policy for
    creating the world problems which brought forth the
    terrorist response --in other words, the U.S. must pay
    off the radical Islamists.
    Jefferson made the correct statement in history vis a
    vis the Barbary pirates: '...not one penny in
    tribute' --even the Brits had been paying tribute. A
    task force, led by the USS Constitution (Old Ironsides)
    and the Marine Corps, leveled Tripoli. They did not ask
    for their surrender: they eliminated them. Summary
    justice.
    George blew his window of opportunity --he had a chance
    to go down in history as a decisive leader in crisis,
    rather than just a president who presided over the worst
    single casualty ever suffered by America, here or
    abroad; the diminution of our military status; the
    abrogation of our leadership in the free world; and the
    potential destruction of our economic base if the
    financial markets collapse when the stock markets reopen
    on Monday.
    But even more pernicious, few Americans will trust the
    government to protect them or represent them in the world.
    Sorry, George, I thought you were more of a man.

@_date: 2001-09-14 03:38:23
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: European Socialists say U.S. had it coming  --it figures 
Thu, 8pm EDT
    As to be expected, the European left-wing liberal
    countries and their leaders are already back-sliding and
    urging the U.S. not to massively retaliate --eg: let the
    Islamists get away with their terror act.
    Well, we can always count on the French to hope we fall
    on our face, and the Germans have neither patriotism nor
    spine.
    The time to retaliate was in the first few hours while
    everyone was in shock and looking for blood; now
    Europe's pansy liberals have gone back to their usual
    condescending head-in-the-sand attitudes.
    For France to say the U.S. had it coming, maybe France
    should be one of the targets?
    The only way to stop terrorism is to make the people of
    the countries who succor and harbor the terrorists
    really feel the pain. Blow away a country or two --then
    ask "Next?" --after you have everyone's attention.
    THAT is how you stop terrorism, George....

@_date: 2001-10-28 04:33:49
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: [RANT] Why Bin Laden Hates --the single-issue theories are wrong 
Mon 08 Oct 2001 11:35 a.m.     © 2001 National Review     Why Bin Laden Hates     The single-issue theories are wrong     Byron York  rant on!
    Why does bin Laden hate?
    Despite the fact Webster's defines sociopath ==
    psychopath: anyone who hates is a sociopath; anyone who
    hates with violence is a psychopath. Therefore, does bin
    Laden really hate? --or does he have a mission based on
    his malevolent interpretation of the Koran as an excuse
    to establish a religious dictatorship even more rigid
    and vicious than Ayatollah Khomemi in 1979?
    A psychopath destroys from lack of emotion to external
    events and has a lack of reaction to averse stimuli
    --eg: no startle reflex.  Therefore psychopaths may be
    predisposed to violence because they do not experience
    emotions that would inhibit such behavior.     bin Laden is another form of a Hitler or a Stalin.
    Hitler at least had a vision of providing a good life
    for his people and was an unabashed technocrat; Stalin
    at least tried to build a nation despite the pogroms.     bin Laden may claim to be building an Islamic utopia,
    but at least 50% of the population is proscribed a less
    than Dark Ages existence. bin Laden intends to turn the
    clock back at least 1300 years into a single purpose
    theocracy and anyone who resists is an Infidel:
    Christian, Jewish, Hindu, and even moderate Muslims
    and will either convert at the point of the sword or be
    killed.     bin Laden supposedly has a soft, disarming voice,
    appearing as a man of peace and calm --like a
    psychopathic killer before he strikes. Byron York, like
    others, can analyze bin Laden's demands and declare
    there are finite boundaries --there are not, absolute
    power corrupts absolutely and psychopathic fanatics will
    never be satiated.     The professors may try to explain bin Laden's
    frustrations, grievances, and objectives, and the
    politicians may try to play politics, but the bottom
    line in the real world is that it us or him/them --a
    war not only of civilization, but also of secular power
    vs. theocratic dictatorship.
    Although there are questions about its provenance and
    precise translation, the statement by Osama bin Laden
    that was broadcast Sunday on Al-Jazeera, the Arabic
    television network, will be closely studied by American
    experts as they search for clues to bin Laden's
    motivations.     Released as American missiles and bombs began to rain
    down on Afghanistan, bin Laden's statement sheds new
    light on a number of issues that have been the subject
    of widespread speculation in the United States. For
    example, his words add new evidence to the debate over
    the extent to which U.S. support for Israel was a motive
    for bin Laden's September 11 terrorist attacks on New
    York and Washington.     The competing arguments in the dispute can be summed up
    in two headlines on the Wall Street Journal editorial
    page. One, "Know Thy Enemy: Israel Isn't the Issue," was
    the title of an essay by Norman Podhoretz that appeared
    on September 20. The other, "They Hate Us Because They
    Hate Israel," by David Gelernter, appears today. Bin
    Laden's statement shows that both theories are
    incomplete.     First, his words suggest that Israel plays a significant
    role in his actions.  In his summation, according to the
    New York Times translation of his words, bin Laden says,
    "I swear to God that America will not live in peace
    before peace reigns in Palestine, and before all the
    army of infidels depart the land of Mohammad." That
    appears to place the Israeli issue on a par with the
    subject of American forces in Saudi Arabia, another bin
    Laden obsession.     Earlier in his statement, bin Laden says that, "Israeli
    tanks rampage across Palestine, in Ramallah, Rafah and
    Beit Jala and many other parts of the land of Islam, and
    we do not hear anyone raising his voice or reacting."
    And in a third passage, bin Laden refers to the
    attackers of September 11 as Muslims who "have stood in
    defense of their weak children, their brothers and
    sisters in Palestine and other Muslim nations." After
    this, it seems impossible to argue that Israel isn't a
    major issue for bin Laden.     At the same time, bin Laden's statement makes clear he
    has other obsessive grievances against the United
    States. It has been widely reported that he hates the
    presence of the U.S. military in his native Saudi
    Arabia, home of Islam's holiest sites.  His statement
    about the "army of infidels" in the land of Mohammad is
    echoed in another portion of his speech, in which he
    says that the "wind of faith is blowing and the wind of
    change is blowing to remove evil from the Peninsula of
    Mohammad."     There are several other statements that allude generally
    to the Gulf War and its aftermath. Bin Laden refers to
    "a million innocent children are dying at this time as
    we speak, killed in Iraq without guilt. We hear no
    denunciation...." Later, bin Laden again refers to the
    "million children," and says American did not care about
    their deaths but became angry when "a few more than ten
    were killed in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam," a reference
    to bin Laden's 1998 terrorist attacks on U.S. embassies
    in Kenya and Tanzania.     Then there is America's role in enlisting the help of
    Muslim nations in the war on terrorism. "Every Muslim
    after this event [should fight for their religion]," bin
    Laden says. They should target "the head of
    international infidels, Bush," and "those who turned
    even the countries that believe in Islam against us."     Finally, bin Laden's speech also sheds some light on the
    arguments made by President Bush, most eloquently in his
    September 20 address to a joint session of Congress.
    "They hate our freedoms," the president said. "Our
    freedom of religion, our freedom of speech, or freedom
    to vote and assemble and disagree with each - other."
    Perhaps those factors do underlie bin Laden's thinking -
    they are undoubtedly some of the things that make
    Americans "infidels" - but they are not included in his
    bill of particulars. Rather, bin Laden's speech suggests
    that he hates America for a variety of specific
    reasons. There's no single cause.

@_date: 2001-10-24 22:44:15
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Unfettered immigration is rapidly shifting the ethnic 
Date: Wed, 24 Oct 2001 15:47:04 -0400 (EDT), Grisha Golberg whined:
    scared shitless, whiteboy?
    I'm the white Anglo-Saxon male: I'm everybody's asshole. Black
    people think I'm physically deficient and oppressive, gay people
    think I'm latently homosexual and overly macho, women think I'm
    oafish and horny, and Asians think I'm lazy and stupid.
    Yup, out here in the high deserts of the InterMountain Empire we
    live a little differently than you down East folk. We call a
    spade a spade, and liberals taste like chicken.

@_date: 2001-10-24 18:07:00
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: [RANT] National ID Card System Failing to Attract Supporters 
October 24 2001     © LA (Leftist) Times National ID Card System Failing to Attract Supporters
    By Joseph Menn not smart...
    As much as I personally dislike ID cards of any kind,
    the failure of the US to establish a secure,
    biometric-based National ID card will eventually prove to be
    suicidal. Occasional abuses of federal databases like
    the NCIC, or the widespread forgeries of inferior
    identity cards, are not excuses for doing the job
    correctly. The current abuses and forgeries are not
    going to abate; it may be possible to create biometric
    ID, but it will not be registered: bingo!     Opponents of National ID have their heads in the sand:
    any police office can demand positive ID, which if not
    provided, then presents an option of detainment under the
    'John Doe' statutes -- in the event of criminal charges
    this constitutes a justification for denial of bail.     That same police officer, presented with a driver's
    license, can pull up everything on the
    individual. With the increasing computerization of the
    police forces, the information can be accessed directly
    from a patrol car without hassling a dispatch officer
    with the usual delays.     There are two principal opponents of National ID cards
    (or, for that matter, any ID cards):  libertarians, often fringing on the anarchist,
    who resent any authority and who fail to accept/realize that
    the rest of mankind are not as 'perfect' as they are;
    and  the ACLU and the multi-culturalist advocates and
    their ilk who are against mandatory ID as they believe
    it is unfair to immigrants, the poor, the downtrodden,
    and the rest of the liberal agenda.     It may be unfair to claim they support illegal
    immigration and crime, but the results prove otherwise
    and the procedural delays on deportation are
    absurd.     America must deal with its alien problems, from both the
    workforce and the terrorist aspects. A verifiable
    biometric national ID, required for the issue of visas,
    would place a hold on many terrorists who today are
    not even fingerprinted at US consulates abroad.
    Lastly, biometric ID can eliminate identity theft if
    the process of issuing the ID is secure --eg: sufficient
    proof of identity, not just the wholesale issue of
    National ID to current driver's license holders.
    Calls for a national system of identification cards
    sparked by the Sept. 11 attacks on the World Trade
    Center and the Pentagon have gained little traction,
    failing to win endorsements from the Bush administration
    or congressional leaders.     Oracle Corp. Chief Executive Larry Ellison attracted
    national attention by calling for such a system in the
    wake of last month's terrorist attacks and offering to
    donate the database software that would be needed.     After a series of interviews touting the plan, Ellison
    continued to push his idea in meetings with
    U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.),
    U.S. Atty. Gen. John Ashcroft and others, including the
    database giant's first customer, the CIA.  Ellison said
    last week that future White House meetings were planned.     But Bush spokesman Jimmy Orr said the administration
    wasn't considering a mandatory ID program, and Feinstein
    is backing away from reports of her support.     The Justice Department said Tuesday it has no position
    on even a voluntary card and isn't planning anything of
    the sort.     "That high-level administration officials are somehow
    directing this, I think is a far cry," a department
    official said on condition of anonymity.     Feinstein said Tuesday that she is preparing legislation
    that would call for mandatory IDs with fingerprints and
    other biometric data only for noncitizens entering the
    U.S., along with a new database that would allow
    immigration authorities to check information from the
    CIA as well as state criminal files and other records.     "It's just for people coming into the country,"
    Feinstein said. "I think this is where we should start."     Some other improvements in the nation's patchwork
    identity system are probable, such as the expanded use
    of "smart cards" for military and law enforcement
    personnel. Federal Aviation Administration spokesman
    Paul Takemoto said the agency is considering adopting
    smart cards with extra digital information for special
    airline passengers, such as police officers.     This week, the U.S. organization for driver's license
    officials is meeting in hopes of hammering out
    recommendations to standardize the 50 state systems and
    toughen requirements.     "Your driver's license has become your de facto ID card,
    like it or not," said Jason King, spokesman for the
    nonprofit American Assn. of Motor Vehicle
    Administrators.     King said that group's top priority is a system that
    will allow states to connect.  Building such a system
    will take new federal and state laws and tens of
    millions of dollars, he said.     "If you have a nationwide unified framework, you will be
    able to, for the first time, uniquely identify that the
    person is who they say they are," King said.  "We're
    trying to come up with a strong uniform voice to go to
    Congress."     Several in the Capitol, including Senate terrorism
    subcommittee chair Feinstein, have made comments
    favoring a stricter national ID policy since the
    attacks.  They have been buoyed by polls showing a
    majority of the U.S. would support such a plan.     Ellison was one of the earliest advocates of a new
    identification system. "We've been so busy protecting
    ourselves against our government that we have made it
    impossible for our government to protect us," Ellison
    told Oracle employees in a speech posted to the
    company's Web site.     Other technology firms, from small credit card hologram
    makers to Silicon Valley stalwart Sun Microsystems Inc.,
    have been promoting potential security services to
    federal authorities and the press.     But the idea of a national ID has run into many of the
    same criticisms as in previous decades, when it was seen
    as an answer to illegal immigration and other
    problems. Both civil liberties groups and many
    conservatives oppose it.     "A national ID card is one of those third-rail issues of
    national politics," said David Banisar, a Harvard
    researcher and deputy director of ID card foe Privacy
    International. "It tends to die pretty quick."     Opponents cite fears of racial profiling as police begin
    demanding cards of anyone who appears suspicious.     And they say the history of large government databases
    and identity cards is filled with cases of mistaken
    identity and improper use.     A case in point is the FBI-run National Crime
    Information Center, which compiles information on
    suspects and arrest records from all 50 states.     Some 500,000 officials have access to the database, and
    a 1993 General Accounting Office study found that the
    FBI didn't keep track of misuse. The GAO, an
    investigative arm of Congress, nonetheless turned up
    systemic problems, including the lack of personal
    passwords for people using the computer terminals.     Among the hundreds of cases of misuse, the agency found
    that operators were selling information to private
    detectives, helping criminals, and in one case,
    assisting a former law enforcement officer who used the
    data to track down and kill his girlfriend. Just this
    year, an FBI manager in Las Vegas and nine others were
    charged in a scheme to sell FBI files to criminal
    suspects.

@_date: 2001-10-10 05:12:14
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: The Case For Anarchy 
The Case For Anarchy, by Wolf De Voon THE CASE FOR ANARCHY
Cazadero, Winter 1988     I'm going to give a simple, precise definition of
    anarchy.  Despite historical misunderstanding of the
    term, anarchy is a form of social organization in
    which there is no sovereign state.      It does not connote social chaos or general lawlessness.
    It does not imply ownership in common.  The crucial,
    defining characteristic of anarchy is the abolition of
    one particular institution -- an allegedly
    "sovereign" government that claims a legal
    right to impose its will upon private citizens.      In the United States, we have two layers of sovereign
    government: the Federal Union and the fifty states of
    which it is composed.  By a narrowly-ratified compact
    authored 200 years ago, the Feds claim to possess the
    legal right to make war, regulate commerce, coin money,
    suppress rebellion, impose taxes, make treaties, promote
    the general welfare, and do anything else that may be
    necessary to keep themselves in supreme power, anywhere
    on the planet.  The individual State governments claim
    to possess the legal right to regulate private
    behaviour, charter municipal and private corporations,
    grant marriages and divorces, impose taxes, compel
    attendance in public schools, and whatever else the Feds
    have not yet preempted.  At both levels of this system,
    private citizens are legally granted a relatively narrow
    set of "liberties", which are not abrogated
    unless it is convenient to do so in order to serve the
    public good.      Here we should pause to explain that no one has ever
    attempted to define who "the public" are.  The
    courts are just as confused as everybody else on this
    question.  The public is everyone.  People v
    Ruthven, 288 N.Y.S. 631.  The public is not
    everyone.  Terminal Taxicab v Kutz, 241 U.S. 252.
    It does not mean all the people, or most of the people,
    but so many as contradistinguishes them from a few.
    Mary Pickford v Bayly, 86 P.2d 102.  The public
    is the government.  Oahu R. Co. v Brown, 8 Hawaii
    163.  (The government?!)      There is no clear doctrine on what the general welfare
    is either.  In 1937 the U.S. Supreme Court more or less
    stifled further discussion by saying: "The issue is
    a closed one.  It was fought out long ago.  When money
    is spent to promote the general welfare, the concept of
    welfare or the opposite is shaped by Congress."
    Helvering v Davis, 301 U.S. 619.      This brings us to the ultimate justification for the
    alleged "sovereignty" of American governments: the
    ballot box.  In 1787, a handful of men proposed a form
    of national government that was intended to solve some
    jurisdictional and political problems among the 13
    original colonies, which had become independent states.
    After a lengthy, hotly-debated struggle for
    ratification, it was approved by slim majorities in nine
    states.  New York and Virginia were among the last to
    ratify because their citizenry were vehemently opposed
    to the plan.  North Carolina and Rhode Island refused to
    ratify until 1790, when it became obvious that their
    economic and political interests would suffer if they
    remained outside the Federal republic.      To put things in perspective, please consider that among
    the 3,317,000 people in the newly-organized United
    States of America, less than 20% could vote.  Slightly
    more than half of these voters had consented to the new
    form of government.  A total of 142 electors were chosen
    to represent "the people" during the first
    presidential election.  George Washington was selected
    by 69 of them.      One of the great mysteries about democracy is the
    persistent assertion that, somehow, a miniscule
    percentage of votes entitles the sovereign to impose
    regulations over vast numbers of people who did
    not consent to be ruled.  But far more puzzling
    is the belief that 69 votes, cast two hundred years ago,
    somehow obligates 240 million Americans today.  Indeed,
    the claim is often repeated, that our Founding Fathers
    did this, or said that, and thus created a precedent by
    which we are all bound.      Baloney.  If three people are engaged in a project, and
    one of them refuses to cut his throat for the benefit of
    the other two, by what conceivable right can the
    "majority" claim that they are entitled to
    murder the dissenter?      Here, then, is the theoretical starting point for
    anarchy.  If anyone or anything is
    "sovereign", it is each individual man, woman,
    and child, who is presumed to be endowed by nature with
    an equal right to life, liberty and the pursuit of
    happiness.  Significantly, these principles, although
    prominently featured in the Declaration of Independence,
    somehow never found their way into the
    U.S. Constitution.  Human rights were all well and good
    when there was an external tyrant, but when the Founding
    Fathers turned their attention to establishing their own
    brand of sovereignty, it was no longer expedient to
    speak in terms of natural justice.      Historically, anarchy is the newest kid on the political
    block.  Democracy, monarchy, theocracy, and communism
    have ancient roots which extend back to ancient
    civilizations.  Anarchy, like laissez-faire capitalism,
    is a child of the Industrial Revolution -- and, indeed,
    they have a great deal in common.  Laissez-faire
    capitalism means "hands-off" in terms of
    economic life.  Anarchy means "hands-off" in
    legal and political life.      It is therefore especially embarassing to note that 19th
    century anarchists hated the institution of private
    property and aligned themselves with French and Russian
    communists, in an effort to abolish private property
    rights.  Classical anarchists rather stupidly believed
    that property was created and maintained by the state.
    Karl Marx theorized that the state would "wither
    away" under communist rule, so it is not surprising
    to that a rather confused sect of early anarchists were
    prepared to accept a temporary dictatorship of the
    proletariat as a way-station on the road to absolute
    freedom.  After all, "absolute freedom" is a
    confused idea -- about which I will have more to say
    later on.      The endorsement of bloodshed and temporary tyranny was a
    miscalculation of enormous dimensions, for the
    communists and anarchists alike.  One does not promote
    liberty by abolishing it.  To suggest that anarchy can
    be achieved by coercion, is akin to saying that
    nutrition can be derived from poisons.      Perhaps it is well to emphasize that anarchy, in the way
    I have defined it, is a form of social
    organization sans government.  Modern critics, as
    well as some 19th-century anarchists, solemnly decree
    that we cannot have one without the other -- that any
    hope of law and order (including property rights)
    depends upon the existence of a sovereign state.  Ayn
    Rand, a proponent of laissez-faire capitalism, for
    example, insisted that government was a natural and
    necessary arbiter among otherwise free men.  Robert
    Nozick, in Anarchy, State & Utopia, argued
    that territorial sovereignty is essential to public
    order.  Between them lies the substance of so-called
    "libertarian" thought in contemporary America,
    which rejects anarchy in favor of a Jeffersonian ideal:
    The best government is that which governs least.      The brief reply to such criticisms is to suppose a
    Robinson Crusoe island on which Friday has been granted
    a bed in which to sleep.  It is in Crusoe's interest to
    concede this particular division of property, and Friday
    is content with the arrangement.  No need of
    arbitration, or weighted ballots, or written
    constitutions.  Just two men who are competent to assess
    their social interests.      Whether the political laboratory is inhabited by 2 men
    or 240 million, the central feature of their social
    intercourse remains singularly distinct, and I have come
    to think of it as custom that will someday become formal
    jurisprudence on the subject -- i.e., de facto
    anarchy.  To the extent that the state does not or
    cannot impose its will, you have de facto anarchy,
    whether you like it or not.      Take democracy, for example.  If the sovereign cannot
    dictate how people will vote (or think, or speak), it is
    highly artificial to say that government is truly
    sovereign.  Who knows? -- they might be booted out come
    November.  In a monarchy, the reigning prince must be
    careful not to do anything that will undermine the
    confidence and loyalty of his subjects, as Machiavelli
    shrewdly observed.  The United States Supreme Court has
    seldom attempted to rule against public opinion -- and,
    during their brief period of stubborn opposition to
    Roosevelt's New Deal, they were doomed to recant.  It is
    a maxim of the common law that "we imbibe it at
    every pore", and judges wisely limit themselves to
    an accomodation of whatever the local sentiments happen
    to be.      Majority rule is a similarly hollow pretense.  We drank
    during Prohibition.  Kids are still buying narcotics
    after 50 years of fierce interdiction.  And, although
    the vast majority of Americans are dead-set against
    slavery, murder, and racial discrimination, no law can
    prevent these three evils from sprouting like stubborn,
    perennial weeds in our midst.      Slavery? -- of course.  Women are de facto
    domestic servants to autocratic husbands.  Children
    scream in helpless anguish, as they are marched off to
    churches, schools, woodsheds and family gatherings,
    against their will.  Employees are enslaved by their
    hometown employers or by a majority of their unionized
    co-workers.  The list is endless -- and it is vain to
    say that government should have (or could have)
    abolished the practice by law.  Ask any lawyer about the
    legal status of children, or what happens when a citizen
    defies the will of his neighbours.  Every prisoner is a
    slave; every draft-dodger; every licensed business
    owner.      Murders, of course, are impossible to prohibit or to
    deter -- not even by threats of ghastly retribution.  If
    we suppose that a miniscule 1/10th of one percent of the
    general populace might commit homicide, how many
    policemen, psychologists, prison guards and judges would
    it take to eradicate this gruesome anarchy?  1/10th of
    one percent of the U.S. population is still 240,000
    potential murderers.  What shall we do? -- kill them
    before they can kill someone else?  Lock them up in
    preventive detention for the rest of their lives?
    Eradicate every conceivable weapon in America (knives,
    bludgeons, screwdrivers)?  What about prospective
    abortions?  What about potential suicides?  Drunk
    drivers?  Daredevil youths?      Far worse, as a fiction of sovereignty and a very
    hurtful social ill, is the matter of racial
    discrimination.  Why can't Jesse Jackson (or any other
    black man) be elected president?  Why is it so hard to
    get a job in Hollywood if you're not Jewish?  How many
    law-enforcers will it take to prevent businessmen from
    hiring and promoting members of their own families, or
    members of their church, social group, college class,
    political party, ethnic background, sex -- you name it.
The "sovereign state" is an illusion.
    Have we eradicated poverty? -- No.  We doubled the
    number of people who are malnourished.      Has our legal system settled disputes? -- No.  We became
    the most litigious society on earth.      Did we achieve the central goal of the Founding Fathers?
    -- No.  The Constitution's famous compromise plunged
    us into the Civil War, at a cost of nearly a million
    lives and five times the G.N.P. in 1860.  Instead of
    reducing the need for a standing peacetime army, the
    United States spawned a vast military-industrial complex
    unmatched by any other nation in history.      How ridiculous! -- after exerting every talon and claw,
    the Federal Government is reduced to pitifully begging
    that we should "Just say No" to drugs.  Yes, it might
    work, if enough individual men, women and children
    decide to agree with that suggestion -- but let's not
    kid ourselves about who's ruling who.      Individual conscience (and cowardice) create the bulk of
    tax dollars -- not the coercive machinery of our
    Internal Revenue Service.  What could they possibly do
    if more than a few obscure tax-resisters decided not to
    file?  What if 10% refused to file?  20%?  50%?     You know, we learned a wonderful lesson in Vietnam.  You
    can't conquer people with napalm and bribery -- you have
    to win their hearts and minds.  All the U.S. support
    that was poured into Iran, the Phillipines and Lebanon
    went for naught, because coercion only works on the
    willing.  The moment any "sovereign" state attempts to
    physically force someone to change his mind, another
    anarchist is born.  Call him what you will -- tax cheat,
    rebel, freedom fighter -- it's a vote for liberty.      This stubborn, voluntary aspect of the human mind is a
    subject well worth exploring.  Ayn Rand covered it so
    well that we need not continue beyond the conclusion she
    reached.  Any man can be free if he chooses to be.      Based on rather cruel personal experience, I know this
    to be true.  As an inmate of a maximum-security Federal
    penitentiary for a short time, and being rather small in
    stature, believe me, there were many occasions on which
    my freedom, dignity, and consent were put at risk of
    extinction.  But there is a sage expression one hears in
    jail: "Everybody has to sleep sometime" --
    which means that no tyrant, no rapist, no gang leader is
    immune from reprisal.      Tyrants live short, frantic lives.  Their evil is not
    likely to be tolerated, even by the weakest and mildest
    of pacifists.  When Ghandi conquered the British, he
    taught the world that passive opposition works just as
    well as active warfare in certain situations.  When
    Martin Luther King adopted his strategy, America was
    shamed -- not coerced -- into reform.  And when Federal
    officials ordered forced bussing to achieve racial
    integration of public schools, those who refused simply
    moved to an all-white district.      This is what I mean by de facto anarchy.  No
    matter how many votes are on one side or another, you
    might as well forget about enforcing a majority opinion,
    unless the majority is so overwhelming as to utterly
    crush a few stray nay-sayers.  But be sure that those
    dissenters are crushed, or you might find someone
    slipping a bomb under the Fuhrer's conference table.
    It is so tempting to point to the world's dictatorships
    as evidence of the potential evil in any coercive state,
    that I shall not do so.  Instead, I will say that Hitler
    was incapable of ruling a majority of Germans without
    their consent.  The Nazis seized power at a time of
    social malaise; they scapegoated a small but visible
    minority; every effort was made to spy upon and control
    individual liberty.  "We are now at the end of the Age
    of Reason," Hitler gleefully confided to
    Rauschning. "At a mass meeting, thought is eliminated.
    And because this is the state of mind I require, because
    it secures to me the best sounding board for my
    speeches, I order everyone to attend the meetings, where
    they become part of the mass whether they like it or
    not!"  In the cafes and streets of Berlin a new type of
    behaviour swept the populace, known as der Deutsche
    Blick ("the German Look"), which consisted of
    surreptitiously glancing around to see who was within
    earshot, before uttering even the most innocent and
    trivial remarks, because they might be misunderstood and
    reported to the authorities as evidence of treason.  If
    you are thinking that this could not happen in America,
    you have not studied the history of the 1st Amendment,
    the Alien and Sedition Acts of 1798, or the McCarthy
    witch-hunts of the 1950s.      The Nazis executed thousands upon millions -- Jews,
    communists, Poles, Dutch, French, German dissidents,
    hospital patients, scientists, parents and grandparents
    who had let slip a word of criticism that was overheard
    by a member of the Hitler Youth.  Here, if anywhere in
    the world, at any time in history, was a society gone
    mad with "sovereignty".  Millions could do nothing but
    obey, obey, obey -- or face the firing squad.      Yet the Nazis could neither decree nor deter a single
    friendship, romance, or hatred.  Parents still loved
    their infant children.  Lovers did not cease to pine for
    their sweethearts.  Ideas could not be physically ripped
    from the minds of thinkers and ordinary laborers.  De
    facto anarchy ebbed to its lowest possible level, but it
    did not cease to function.      Nor shall it ever -- not even in the midst of labor
    camps and hopelessly dark inner-city ghettos.  Every
    time an infant is born into this world, society must
    reckon that there is 50/50 chance that this new citizen
    is an anarchist at heart.  Every effort will be made to
    inculcate the newcomer with an imprint of social and
    civic duty, a constant stream of religious and moral
    imperatives, a steady bombardment of information and
    experience -- all of it aimed at baffling, bribing, and
    silencing the child's latent tendancy to think or speak
    the magic word of independence: "No!"     When the prototype 19th-century anarchists spoke of
    "absolute freedom" and mankind's fitness to
    live in perfect harmony, they totally missed the boat --
    for one word is the key to human freedom:
    "No!" When John Stuart Mill justified free
    speech by declaring that it served social utility, he
    was deaf to the very principle he was trying to defend
    -- the right to defy society, to reject the
    greatest good of the greatest number, to pronounce the
    word of social treason and of individual liberty:
    "No!"     What is it that the Catholic Church fears most? -- the
    word "No!" What is it that the Communist
    Party drives underground, in desparate revulsion of
    anything or anyone that would upset their precious
    bureaucracy? -- the word "No!"     In a free society, the essence of freedom is to disagree
    with your neighbour.  To the extent that you can say
    "no" and remain free of legal compulsion, the
    society in which you live permits a degree of de
    jure anarchy.  And if a majority of your neighbours
    are legally permitted to vote away that liberty, their
    intention is to extinguish the one and only
    "absolute freedom" with which you were born --
    the freedom to think for yourself and to act in
    accordance with the product of self-propelled ingenuity,
    knowledge and values.      In any society, at any moment in history, free men swim
    against the tide of custom and circumstance.  To devise
    a social system based on this freedom is the proper goal
    of anarchist theory.      On January 9, 1975, a Federal trial judge scratched his
    head and searched his mind for a theory that would
    explain what he was about to do.  Before him stood a
    mild-mannered, reasonable young man named Perry
    Paegelow, who had to be sent to prison, even though it
    was highly doubtful that he had willingly broken the law
    -- or, if he had, whether anyone suffered on account of
    it.  Perry Paegelow had driven me to the spot where
    Federal agents arrested me for possessing a paper bag
    full of marijuana.  Here's what the judge said to Perry
    when he sentenced him:     THE COURT: I don't know that marijuana is good or bad
    for people.  All I know is that the authorities,
    Congress, our society, rightly or wrongly, has decided
    it is bad for people.  They can be wrong.      THE DEFENDANT: I believe they are, sir.      THE COURT: But no one seems to know the answer to these
    things, and so we are in the position of trying to
    enforce these drug laws, I mean society.  Now whether
    that is just or not depends on your point of view.  I
    respect your view, but I don't think it is the law of
    the land, and as long as you take the position that you
    are going to continue to traffic in these drugs, you
    don't give me any choice except to send you to jail.
    THE DEFENDANT: I didn't say I was continuing.      THE COURT: You think the law is nonsensical and you are
    not going to pay any attention to it, and so, therefore,
    certainly the impression I gather is that -- it is --
    you don't see any reason to --     THE DEFENDANT: Perhaps nonsensical is the wrong word.  I
    think it's is blatantly fascist.      Perry was sentenced to serve two years in prison, for
    driving a car.  I served three years for carrying a
    paper bag.  But the trial judge put his finger in the
    core-issue of social organization.  If an offender
    doesn't plead contrition and remorse, how can you show
    any mercy?      Don't laugh.  This is an important issue in our criminal
    justice system.  If it weren't for the informant who
    fingered Perry and myself, it would have been impossible
    to bring us to "justice." Informants, stool
    pidgeons, snitiches and turncoats put more drug users
    behind bars than the undercover and uniformed policemen
    combined.  And, if it weren't for plea bargains and
    sobbing confessions of regret, our prisons would be as
    commonplace as grocery stores, one or two in every
    neighborhood.      What can you do with people who refuse to recognize the
    supremacy of the state?  Do we dare to teach our
    children the "right of revolution" contained
    in the Declaration of Independence?      No.  We blind them and stuff their ears, with the logic
    of Mugler v Kansas, 123 U.S. 623: But by whom, or by what authority, is it to be
    determined whether (something) will injuriously affect
    the public?  Power to determine such questions, so as to
    bind all, must exist somewhere; else society will be at
    the mercy of a few, who, regarding their own appetites,
    may be willing to imperil the peace and security of the
    many.     It doesn't matter whether the subject-matter of our
    discussion is narcotics, or anti-trust law, or an
    obstreperous neighbour who might pollute your garden
    with crankcase oil.  The central issue is the
    "power to determine such questions, so as to bind
    all." In Mugler, the Supreme Court surprised
    no one by deciding that the power to bind all was lodged
    in the legislative branch -- the elected representatives
    of the will of the people.  Unfortunately, this is also
    the formula for unlimited folly and persecution.
    Socrates and John Locke come to mind, as dissenters who
    were hunted down as heretics.  But worse, perhaps, is
    the routine business of thwarting large minorites.  Abe
    Lincoln was put into power by 39% of the popular vote,
    for example.  No wonder we had a Civil War, with 61% of
    the electorate denied their "will."     Coincidentally, I spent about a year in Allenwood
    F.P.C. with Gordon Liddy -- now there's a fellow who
    knows about "will," if anybody does.
    Unfortunately, our willfulness can't do much to alter
    the fact that the earth orbits the sun, instead of
    vice-versa.  Nor is one's desire, self-interest,
    prejudice or imagination a good set of criteria for
    justice.  I doubt that anyone would want to see Gordon
    elected to high office.  He used to sing
    "Deutscheland Uber Alles" in the shower and
    loved the Nixon White House.      In a sense, this last observation perversely justifies
    the American democracy.  By and large, we do a pretty
    good job of electing people who more or less exhibit the
    basic values on which there is a broad consensus.  As a
    culture, American society is tolerant, sensitive to
    minority rights, quite wonderful when it comes to
    even-handed treatment of our neighbours.  But it is not
    perfect.      The case for anarchy turns on whether no government
    is better than good government, right?      Not necessarily.      When Franklin Roosevelt abolished private possession of
    gold, his attempt to control economic supply and demand
    remained maddeningly elusive.  Banks refused to make
    loans, commercial failures increased, the stock market
    took another nose-dive, and government policy-makers had
    no choice but to conclude that deficit spending and
    "pump-priming" might become a permanent
    feature of the American economy (which we have yet to
    wean ourselves from, some 50 years later).  Clearly the
    best government on earth was incompetent to rule the
    markets.  The Soviets, too, find it difficult to command
    the economic performance of their enslaved masses -- so
    that we are forced to surmise that oppressive regimes
    are no better equipped to "will" prosperity.
    Freer societies create more wealth, more opportunity,
    more competition and greater diversity.  The
    19th-century laissez-faire economy outperformed our
    20th-century welfare state in every measurable respect
    (annual growth, consumer price trends, wage gains).  But
    these are topics best left to Alan Greenspan.  For our
    present purposes, we can quit the field of economics by
    recalling one of Dr. Greenspan's most memorable remarks,
    paraphrasing Gresham's Law -- that "Bad protection
    drives out good."     What he meant was that any attempt to replace market
    chaos with government controls was doomed to fail in two
    respects: (1) The state's mechanism of control would be
    worse than "invisible-hand" outcomes; and (2)
    It would have a secondary and unintended consequence of
    driving other market mechanisms into disarray.      The reason I do not wish to pursue this classical
    defense of economic anarchy is simple -- it is a
    utilitarian justification, which free enterprise
    advocates have droned, shouted and whimpered to the
    American people for the better part of a century,
    without success.  Ayn Rand correctly identified the
    locus of failure, namely, the tension between de
    facto capitalism and Christian ethics, which
    constantly crippled advocates of economic freedom.  Her
    entire career was devoted to the job of propagating a
    morality of selfishness, to give capitalism a spiritual
    leg to stand on.      Apart from the questions of utility or effective public
    policy, it remains that anarchy is superior to the best
    possible sovereign in one respect: it is more logical.
    I do not say that anarchy will better serve "the
    greatest good of the greatest number" -- in part
    because those claims are impossible to measure or test.
    I do not claim that any of our existing institutions
    (except the pretense of sovereignty) will be radically
    altered in an anarchistic society.  People will probably
    form themselves into local, regional and national
    associations, I suppose.      Only one aspect of life must rotate, in order to achieve
    constitutional anarchy: our legal system.      If, instead of the United States of America, we were
    served by USA Inc. -- a private organization with the
    same constitutional officers, agencies and
    "stakeholders" -- it is possible that a
    squadron of ships could be dispatched to the Persian
    Gulf, a prosecution could be leveled against drug
    dealers, an offender might be tried and punished; but
    they could not pretend to represent the will
    of every man, woman and child in America.  Without such
    a claim, their power would be revealed exactly for what
    it is -- de facto supremacy.      No "divine right" holds Microsoft in their
    dominant market positon.  Yet, it is inconceivable that
    any other organization might dislodge them from their
    leadership in the computer business.      Surely, the great lesson of the American Revolution is
    that our forebears were loathe to snip the bond of
    allegiance which bound them to George III and
    Parliament, even though these guys were an ocean away
    and ill-prepared to compel obedience by the American
    colonies.  Whether, as a matter of law and justice, the
    dominant civic institution is viewed as the
    "sovereign" or merely the strongest alliance
    of free citizens, the utility of its traditional role in
    society will keep it afloat longer than any screwy
    theory of democratic or divinely-ordained social
    compacts.  Neither Hobbes nor Rousseau, Locke, Hegel,
    Kant, Oliver Wendell Holmes, or Jerry Falwell has
    produced a convincing explanation of how I can be
    obligated to a contract I did not sign.  It is stupid
    and vain to say that one man's consent binds another --
    or binds a generation yet to be born.      Since the courts are creatures of government, is it
    silly to propose that "sovereignty" be somehow
    wiped clean from our law books?      Not necessarily.      Without reciting the complete history of American legal
    philosophy, it is highly significant that logic has been
    "wiped clean" from legal reasoning: We are bound to remark that logic as an instrument of
    legal reasoning has grown unpopular of late.  Any
    attempt to rehabilitate it is therefore unlikely to be
    received with a great deal of sympathy.  The chief
    objection to logic in the law is usually expressed in
    the form that logical thought processes are rigid and
    inflexible, whereas legal reasoning is empirical and
    discretionary.  This general distrust of logic is
    supported by three specific arguments: that decisions
    cannot be arrived at simply by deduction from existing
    legal principles, that legal rules are too fluid and
    uncertain to support logical inferences which could be
    drawn from them, and that the whole conception of law as
    a single, unitary, logically consistent system is at
    least an impractical ideal, if not an illusionary
    fetish. (Oxford Essays on Jurisprudence)     Law students enter and leave law school without learning
    a lot about justice -- they learn the tricks of a highly
    dubious craft: casuistry peppered with theatrical
    displays of imagined grievance.  If such a course
    existed, our next generation of lawyers would be shocked
    to learn the truth about what was lost in the stampede
    toward "positive law" (i.e., the will of the
    sovereign).  17th-century theory had taken two directions. On the
    one hand it conceived of rights as the outgrowth of a
    social contract.  It held that there would be none
    without the social organization and that there would be
    no justice or law without the political organization,
    that is, the state...      On the other hand, there was the Grotian idea of rights
    as qualities inhering in persons.  This theory put
    rights above the state and justice above the state as
    permanent, absolute realities which the state was
    organized to protect.  There was a state because there
    were rights and justice to protect and secure.  In the
    18th century the latter idea definitely prevailed...
    18th century juristic thought, down to Kant, holds four
    propositions: (1) There are natural rights demonstrable
    by reason.  These rights are eternal and absolute.  They
    are valid for all men in all times and in all places.
    (2) Natural law is a body or rules, ascertainable by
    reason, which perfectly secures all of these natural
    rights.  (3) The state exists only to secure men in
    these natural rights.  (4) Positive law is the means by
    which the state performs this function, and it is
    obligatory only so far as it conforms to natural law.
    The appeal is to individual reason.  Hence every
    individual is the judge of this conformity...      Pushed to its limits, this leads straight to
    anarchy. (Pound, 27 Harv. L. Rev., 616)     Pushed to its limits, it leads straight to the
    Declaration of Independence -- the fundamental charter
    of freedom which no longer speaks for the American
    people.      In a brief essay it is impossible to raise and analyse
    all the implications of an anarchist society.  The
    questions, the paradigms, and the practical answers
    exist -- but the space does not.  Fortunately, I can
    conclude this discussion by returning to a topic I
    promised to revisit when it was mentioned earlier -- the
    problem of war and peace.      It's clear that every one of us has the right to life,
    liberty and the pursuit of happiness, and that --
    whatever else the state has endeavoured to do on our
    behalf -- the purpose of national defense ranked first
    and foremost in the minds of the Founding Fathers.      Removing the concept of "sovereignty" will not
    impede the legal right of the United States, as an
    association of free citizens, to make war or conclude
    peace.  It may or may not complicate the business of
    taxation -- with the likely result that our armed forces
    could not be deployed throughout the world, for the
    unearned benefit of other nations -- but I doubt that we
    would go wanting of strategic or tactical preparedness.
    Too many citizens and too many corporations have too
    much to lose by abandoning their agency of
    self-preservation.      But consider how much suffering and turmoil could have
    been avoided, had the United States not proclaimed
    itself the self-appointed arbiter of democracy.      No Civil War.      No grasping imperialism under Teddy Roosevelt.      No punitive Versailles Treaty to goad the Germans.      No global depression, prolonged by Federal manipulation
    of money and credit.      No hysterical division of the globe in the Cold War,
    forcing the Russians to arm themselves in parity with an
    adversary whom they had no hope of matching.      No "dollar diplomacy" aimed at pushing the
    Third World into copy-cat democracies they were
    ill-prepared to manage.      No Vietnam.      No half-hearted, wimpy indecision in Nicaragua, trading
    arms for hostages in Iran.      Our self-preservation is always a difficult factor to
    weigh.  But history emphatically links social philosophy
    with foreign policy.  It's about time we learned to
    practice the virtue of self-determination, both at home
    and abroad.      Stripping away the flag-waving illusion of
    "sovereign state" is an excellent way to
    begin.  The U.S. Government is a power to be reckoned
    with, of course.  But it is only a number of men, with
    no greater or lesser right to compel a social outcome
    than a single infant child of any race, color or creed.
    If it is true, in a de facto sense, that "might
    makes right," it is equally true that civilization
    depends on the slow, steady growth of the rule of law.
    Blood-feuds and reprisals are too costly to persist.  We
    need to settle our disputes by recourse to impartial
    tribunals.      And to be impartial, a court must have a basic principle
    upon which all men can agree.  I say it is this: All men
    are created equal.     Our voluntary, consensual intercourse has never been a
    problem, and never will.  Mankind's agony lies in bloody
    conflicts between people who cannot agree.  You can pick
    up a club and threaten to bash my head in.  You can join
    a gang, bent on taking my land and bread.  You can issue
    an edict signed by 10,000 Hottentots or 10 million Jews.
    But nothing you can do or say will make it right to
    force someone to accede to a "social contract"
    which provides that his consent is unnecessary and
    irrelevant to an outcome that your gang intends to
    enforce.      Murder, by any other name, is still a crime.      Slavery is still slavery -- even when it is openly
    practiced by a "sovereign" in the name of the
    "public good." Complaints are everywhere heard from our most
    considerate and virtuous citizens ... that the public
    good is disregarded in the conflict of rival parties;
    and that measures are too often decided, not according
    to the rules of justice, and the rights of the minor
    party, but by the superior force of an interested and
    overbearing majority. (Madison, The Federalist)     Amen, brother, and pass me another round of intellectual
    ammunition.  It's going to be a long war of attrition in
    the struggle for human rights.

@_date: 2001-10-06 01:48:38
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: [RANT] Deja Vu? 07 Dec 1941 with Edward R Murrow 
déjà vu? 			
    Pearl Harbor with Edward R Murrow		
rant on!
    December 8, 1941  				
    What Should We Do? 				
    By Edward R. Murrow 			
    Washington, D.C. 				
    President Roosevelt will call for a joint session of
    Congress today to discuss yesterday's bombing of Pearl
    Harbor and the reported loss of 2,400 Americans. I can
    report that our commander-in-chief is calm and will not
    ask for a precipitous "outright" declaration of war
    against the Japanese, but instead leans toward a general
    consensus to "hunt down the perpetrators" of this act of
    "infamy."  Speaking for the Congress, Senator Arthur
    Vandenberg promised bipartisan support to "bring to
    justice" the Japanese pilots. Many believe that the
    "rogue" airmen may well have flown from Japanese
    warships. In response, Secretary of War Stimson is
    calling for "an international coalition to indict these
    cowardly purveyors of death," and will shortly ask the
    Japanese imperial government to hand over the suspected
    airman from the Akagi and Kaga - "and any more of these
    cruel fanatics who took off from ships involved in this
    dastardly act."  Assistant Secretary Robert Patterson
    was said to have remarked, "Stimson is madder than hell
    - poor old Admiral Yamamato has a lot of explaining to
    do."      Secretary of State Cordell Hull, however, this morning
    cautioned the nation about such "jingoism." He warned,
    "The last thing we want is another Maine or
    Lusitania. We wouldn't want to start something like a
    Second World War and ruin the real progress in
    Japanese-American relations over the last few years."
    Hull himself is preparing for a long tour to consult our
    allies in South America, Africa, and colonial France:
    "If we get the world on board, and make them understand
    that this is not merely an aggressive act upon us, much
    less just an American problem, such a solid front may
    well deter further Japanese action."      Even as Hull prepares to depart, special envoy Harry
    Hopkins is calling for a general statement of concern
    from the League of Nations, condemning not only the most
    recent Japanese aggression, but also an earlier reported
    incident in Nanking, China. "If we can get an expression
    of outrage from the League, Japan may well find itself
    in an interesting pickle.  We're looking for some strong
    League action of the type that followed the banditry in
    Ethiopia and Finland."  Hopkins finished by emphasizing
    the rather limited nature of the one-day Pearl Harbor
    incursion, and suggesting such piecemeal attacks were
    themselves a direct result of past American
    restraint. "We did not rattle our sabers when they went
    into China.  Had we listened to the alarmists then, we
    might well be seeing Japanese anger manifesting itself
    from the Philippines to Wake Island in the coming days."
    Secretary of the Treasury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., a few
    hours ago reminded the nation of the current disturbing
    economic news. "Four million Americans are still out of
    work. Americans are not out of this Depression by any
    means. Are we to borrow money to build planes that we
    don't even know will fly?" The industrialist Henry
    Kaiser was no more optimistic: "There is simply no
    liquidity in these markets. We shouldn't even be
    considering rearming. It is not as if we are going to
    build a ship a day. Even launching a carrier every
    couple of years could put us back to 1932."     Military leaders, smarting over yesterday's losses, were
    no more ready for war. Even the usually colorful Admiral
    Halsey sounded a note of concern to this reporter,
    "Look, they have all the cards, not us. The bastards
    over there could give us a decade of war at least. Where
    do I get bases for my subs and flattops? Who gives me
    strips for the flyboys? This could be a new war with no
    rules.  Believe me, brother, we ain't going to Midway or
    some place like that in six months and cut down to size
    the whole damn imperial fleet. It's just not going to
    happen." Admiral King was nearly as blunt, "Hell's
    bells, no one has ever conquered Japan since they kicked
    the Portuguese out. Do the American people really want
    to go over to that part of the world and fight those
    samurai madmen? The logistics are impossible. These
    people have been at war for years. I've seen these Zeros
    - you put a suicide basket case with a wish to die for
    the emperor in with a tank of gas, and you've got a
    guided rocket that will blow our ships out of the
    water." Colonel James Doolittle was even more cautious
    than the top brass when told of calls for potential
    early American counterattacks. "Swell - the last thing
    we need is to send in some hot-dogger to drop a few
    bombs for the press boys that cause no real damage and
    get our fellas killed in the bargain."      On the home front, prominent voices in the arts
    expressed far stronger reservations about possible
    American "revenge". Robert Maynard Hutchins of the
    University of Chicago explained to me that the Pearl
    Harbor incident cannot be separated from its larger
    cultural context. "We must guard against this absurd and
    ongoing moral absolutism on the part of the United
    States in seeing complex cultural differences in black
    and white terms of the Occident and the Orient.  We have
    no monopoly on morality or justice." His colleague,
    Mortimer J.  Adler, elaborated: "Far too often we look
    at the world through Western lenses. But in Japanese
    eyes, this rather desperate attack is seen as a "slap",
    a lashing out of sorts to get the attention of the
    United States, really more of a desperate cry of the
    heart than anything else." Adler went on, "Japan has had
    a tradition of isolation from and distrust of Western
    civilization - rightly so in some respects, given
    everything from past European missionaries to racism,
    economic exploitation, and colonialism. If we inflame
    passions, they may well simply divorce themselves from
    the world community - or worse, set off a conflagration
    of pan-Asian hatred toward Occidentals that could last
    for generations. It seems to me Pearl Harbor is rather
    more of a case of Admiral Perry's chickens at long last
    coming home to roost."      Contacted at home, the noted naval historian Samuel
    Eliot Morison was pessimistic about the strategy
    involved in any U.S. response: "Good God, do they want
    us to fight the entire world - Germany, Italy, Hungry,
    Bulgaria, Romania, and now Japan? We lose 2,400 sailors
    - less than an annual poliomyelitis outbreak - and then
    we start a World War II? I find these calls for mindless
    retaliation not only naïve, but disturbing as well in
    their failure to take account of America's strategic
    impotence. That's a part of the world we know very
    little about."     Prominent American clergymen blasted the very idea of
    armed retaliation, calling instead for interfaith
    services and greater tolerance of Japanese religious
    beliefs.  Cardinal Cushing warned against castigating
    the entire Japanese people for the actions of a few
    fanatics, adding that "Bushido, is, in fact, merely a
    variant of Shintoism, itself an age-old and
    misunderstood faith that is as humane as anything in
    Christian teaching." Cushing added, "There is nothing in
    Bushido, much less Shintoism that is inherently
    bellicose or at all anti-Western. These few extremists
    are hardly representative of either public or religious
    opinion in Japan." Cushing concluded, "The Emperor
    himself is a pacifist, a Zen scholar in fact deeply
    devoted to entomology, with no interest at all in
    bloodshed. And so the better question might be posed:
    'Why does so much of Asia hate us?'"      Celebrated director John Ford reflected Hollywood's
    unease with the early rumors of war. "Hell, we are
    artists, not mouthpieces. What are we to do - join the
    Navy to make movies on government spec? Had we had more
    Japanese films available to the American people in the
    first place, we wouldn't have had this
    misunderstanding." A few Hollywood stars who were
    willing to speak on the record agreed. Jimmy Stewart
    called for a world conference of concerned actors and
    screenwriters. "There have been some great Japanese
    movies. We need to reach out to our brother actors over
    there. The last thing we need is a bunch of us would-be
    pilots storming over to Burbank to enlist."  Clark Gable
    was adamant in his belief in keeping America from doing
    something "stupid," as he put it. "If you haven't heard
    lately: We're actors, artists really, not
    war-mongers. I'm sure that our Japanese counterparts
    feel the same way. We need to put away the B-17s and get
    the cameras rolling on both sides."      Celebrated veterans were especially angered about
    knee-jerk American anger. Alvin C. York, Medal of Honor
    winner and hero of the Great War, was reported as
    "madder than hell" at the "war scare." "We shouldn't
    fight in some jungle island just because the Japanese
    hate old man Rockefeller as much as we do."      In an in-depth newsmaker interview, 81-year-old General
    John J. Pershing told Henry Luce of Time magazine, "I've
    made war before - long and hard. I've seen it. These
    sunshine sluggers talk a great game, but wait until our
    dead pile up. No, it is time to collect our thoughts and
    think like adults for a change. Lashing back is just
    what these extremists want us to do. If a war breaks
    out, then their mission is accomplished. I'd hate to see
    us playing into the hands of a few militarists who want
    to topple the moderates and the emperor. This ocean war
    with carriers is an entirely new challenge, nothing like
    we have ever seen before. Why get our boys killed only
    to make a few samurai martyrs?"     And so it is with confidence today that this reporter
    assures the American people and the world that sobriety,
    maturity, and prudence - not bombs - are the watchwords
    on the home front. Remember - our enemies can only win
    if they make us answer their violence with more needless
    violence.

@_date: 2001-10-04 18:54:59
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: RANT: God save this great land from Tony Blair 
RANT: God save this great land from Tony Blair     Wednesday October 3, 2001 rant on!
    God save this great land from Tony Blair and his do-good elitest
    liberal-left New World Order.     Who's going to pay for this falderal? The Brits can't find the
    lion's tail, let alone swish it --oh, Uncle Sugar's going to
    foot the bill to reduce our standard of living to that of a
    third world nation so we can all suffer equally and fundamentalists
    can gain power over the still oppressed?     Nice words, Tony; great ideals, but how about getting down to
    the business at hand and winning the war between two cultures.
    Tony Blair: 'Let us reorder this world'
    Michael White, political editor     © The Guardian     Tony Blair yesterday turned his battle against the
    terrorists who ravaged New York into a far wider
    struggle for a new world order that would uphold human
    dignity and social justice "from the slums of Gaza to
    the mountain ranges of Afghanistan".     In what was almost certainly the most powerful speech of
    his career, the prime minister used his speech to the
    Labour conference to synthesise an uncompromising
    hostility to Osama bin Laden's terrorist network - and
    the Taliban if they do not give him up - with a vaunting
    promise to remake the world as a better place.     The sweep and moral fervour of the 54-minute address
    caught friend and foe off guard. There were no party
    political jibes and barely a triumphalist mention of
    Labour's historic June 7 election victory. The
    Conservatives damned the performance with faint praise.     Evidently sensitive to charges that he was sounding too
    confrontational, Mr Blair acknowledged that many people
    are fearful of what lies ahead - and sought to reassure
    voters whose unwavering support is vital to a long
    campaign.     "Our way of life is a great deal stronger and will last
    a greal deal longer than the actions of fanatics, small
    in number and now facing a unified world against
    them. People should have confidence. This is a battle
    with only one outcome: our victory, not theirs," he
    insisted.     Admitting his own helplessness in the face of so much
    bereavement on September 11, Mr Blair had earlier said
    of the dead: "They don't want revenge, they want
    something better in memory of their loved ones. I
    believe their memorial can and should be that out of the
    shadow of this evil should emerge lasting good."     The speech, which was, unusually, drafted by Mr Blair
    himself, also reflected his private moral preoccupations
    to an unusual degree.  But before a largely secular
    audience it was repeatedly punctuated with bursts of
    applause in the packed but sombre Brighton conference
    centre, where the foreshortened 2001 conference ends
    today.     As the prime minister sat down he was praised for his
    vision and tone by friends and critics alike within
    Labour's ranks, though delegates may come down to earth
    with a jolt when they size up to the challenges he posed
    in the name of "the power of community" - local and
    global - to do good.     "He didn't deal with the whats and hows, but he
    certainly explained the why," said one former cabinet
    member. Some leftwingers and trade unionists, irked by
    the address's religiosity, called it "messianic" and
    lacking commitment to the means of righting the world's
    wrongs.     They were a minority. "Brilliant," said a senior
    colleague after hearing his party leader - famous for
    his regard for business tycoons - declare: "The
    starving, the wretched, the dispossessed, the ignorant,
    they are our cause too."     Throughout the day's debates senior ministers, including
    Jack Straw, Geoff Hoon and Clare Short, had stressed the
    importance of adhering to international law in the
    search for justice - a point echoed by the veteran Tony
    Benn in an emotional warning against the "sorrows of
    war".     An end to famine, poverty and corruption in Africa, as
    well as genocidal conflicts such as Rwanda's, were only
    part of an agenda that foresaw the world tackling such
    intractable problems as global warming and the
    Israeli-Palestinian conflict - an "equal partnership"
    side by side in their own lands.     Though the back half of Mr Blair's text addressed the
    domestic agenda - the need to put improved public
    services before tax cuts - he repeatedly went out of his
    way to reconcile Islam with the west, above all with
    America.     For all its flaws the US, where a black child of poverty
    such as Colin Powell could rise to be secretary of state
    ("I wonder frankly whether such a thing could have
    happened here") was still a model to the world, he
    argued.     Nor had America lashed out, as some had predicted: "no
    missiles on the first night just for effect". When
    military strikes came they would be "proportionate,
    targeted - we will do all we humanly can to avoid
    civilian casualties".     While the west must address its shameful ignorance of
    Islam, he later suggested, "it is time also for parts of
    Islam to confront prejudice against America" - not only
    Islam, but "parts of western societies too". That was
    loudly applauded in a conference where such sentiments
    have long existed.     But Mr Blair's conciliatory and idealistic tone was not
    extended to the enemy of the moment, whose version of
    Islam was "no more obedient to the proper teachings of
    the Koran" than the crusaders of the Middle Ages had
    exemplified the gospel message, he said.     "Be in no doubt Bin Laden and his people organised this
    atrocity," Mr Blair insisted. He offered no evidence,
    although he did suggest that terrorism finances itself
    through Afghan heroin sold on the streets of Britain.     His contempt for the Taliban and their denial of human
    rights, especially for women, was stinging. But he did
    not say, as Labour briefers had indicated overnight,
    that it was already too late to avoid military
    retribution.     "I say to the Taliban: surrender the terrorist or
    surrender power. It's your choice."     Mr Blair's pledge to defeat the "act of evil" that
    destroyed the World Trade Centre - "if they could have
    murdered not 7,000 but 70,000 does anyone doubt they
    would have done so and rejoiced?" - was only the trailer
    to a declaration that globalisation made cooperation
    between nations and cultures imperative.     "This is a moment to seize," he said. "The kaleidoscope
    has been shaken, the pieces are in flux, soon they will
    settle again. Before they do let us reorder this world
    around us and use modern science to provide prosperity
    for all.     "Science can't make that choice for us, only the moral
    power of a world acting as a community can."

@_date: 2001-10-03 21:55:07
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: [RANT] US/Brits call off first round of attacks 
RANT: US 'called off first attacks' rant on!
    Arabs with wet feet? --no, actually pragmatic. Now that
    22 days have elapsed, the mullahs have had time to stir
    the people and threaten the collection of kings,
    princes, sheiks, dictators, etc. who rule their
    countries without popular consent and try to keep a lid
    on their own fundamentalists.     This is the precise reason why, by the strategy of any
    war planner, you strike when they are least prepared for
    it --several hours after the attack, even the Arabs were
    numb. Our military planners must learn to understand
    --and accept-- that we are facing a cultural war.     Revenge may be part of the decision, but there is no
    point in blanket revenge.  This is a strategy game and
    there is no time for idealistic ramblings that the US
    and the free world should be investigating the causes of
    terror, or the determination of the fundamentalists to
    destroy the non-fundamentalist world --it's a stone cold
    fact, it's war, and the name of the game in war is to
    win. Finishing second only counts in horse races.     Churchill put it clearly:       If you will not fight for right when you can easily
      win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your
      victory is sure and not too costly; you may come to
      the moment when you will have to fight with all the
      odds against you and only a precarious chance of
      survival.        "There may be a worse case. You may have to fight when
      there is no hope of victory, because it is better to
      perish than to live as slaves."      	--Winston Churchill Churchill also said:       "Politics are almost as exciting as war and quite as
      dangerous.        In war, you can only be killed once, but in politics many times."     	--Winston Churchill  which has a double meaning: if you
    fail to have the courage of your convictions, the body
    politic which you represent may be killed in the ensuing
    war on the enemy's terms, not your terms.     This is not a war against an "enemy"; this is a conflict
    between civilizations and the decisions made need to
    reflect that reality.     This is not the time for collective action from a
    coalition which is, at best, giving lip service to
    Washington solely to avoid being on the wrong side of
    Bush's statement to the effect: ...'either you are with
    us, or against us...'     The US must be willing to go it alone; the US is the
    target since the collapse of the US accomplishes the
    objectives of the fundamentalists: the collapse of the
    free world. The fundamentalists do not care if the world
    is plunged into poverty and darkness --their stated
    intention is to set the clock back 1300 years as they
    ban radios, TVs, movies, the internet, etc. --not to
    mention the treatment of women --worse than chattel
    slaves.     We, the United States, are fighting for our survival;
    the Brits will probably hang in there with us as they
    seem to recognize the imperative nature of survival
    --even the Queen sang the Star Spangled Banner in
    St. Paul's Cathedral (that must have been really
    impressive since St Paul's has a massive, thundering
    organ); and, the day before, the Queen ordered the Star
    Spangled Banner played at the changing of the [palace]
    Guard.     Let's not let a few weak-kneed client governments get
    in the way of our unfinished business.
    03 Oct 2001     Times [This Is London] US 'called off first attacks'     by Jeremy Campbell in Washington     The United States and Britain yesterday called off
    military strikes against terrorist targets in
    Afghanistan at the last minute.     Washington officials say today that a severe attack of
    last-minute cold feet by some key Arab members of the
    coalition caused President Bush to postpone the
    operation.     The waverers are Saudi Arabia, Uzbekistan and Oman, and
    US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is embarking on an
    urgent mission today to strengthen nerves in these
    countries.     Prime Minister Tony Blair is also about to undertake a
    hasty visit to the region. Saudi Arabia's support is
    especially vital, because Allied aircraft and commanders
    need its base facilities.     Two senior US officials have told reporters that until
    yesterday the Saudis were firm in their offer to provide
    assistance for strikes, including use of a
    state-of-the-art command centre at the Prince Royal
    Sultan Air Force Base.     Then the situation changed. One US official told Knight
    Newspapers: "That is no longer true. We fear there is
    something deeper here."     Mr Rumsfeld's trip to the Middle East is intended to
    mend these unexpected ruptures.     Downing Street, meanwhile, confirmed Mr Blair will be
    departing on a mission tomorrow but refused, on security
    grounds, to be drawn on any of the detail. Amid clear
    unease over the advance leaks of the trip, a spokesman
    dismissed all reports as "speculationî maintaining that
    some of the suggested calling points for the Prime
    Minister were simply wrong.     Mr Rumsfeld's tour, which includes Saudi Arabia, Oman,
    Egypt and Uzbekistan, is being compared to the
    stage-setting trip made by Dick Cheney, then Defence
    Secretary, to the Gulf just before the start of Desert
    Storm.     This time there is more at stake.  Near the top of Mr
    Rumsfeld's list of priorities is to talk his way to an
    agreement with Uzbekistan, on the northern border of
    Afghanistan, to use the country as a staging area for
    the attack.     Uzbekistan is now regarded as a potential key asset in
    the coming showdown, but is rated the coalition's single
    most fragile link.     Highly attractive to the US are the number of abandoned
    air bases there, once used by the Soviet Union.     This will be Mr Rumsfeld's first face-to-face meeting
    with the ruling regime there. It has demanded that the
    US negotiate a complete Status of Forces Agreement
    before it will permit the use of its military bases - an
    unrealistic condition which could be tangled up in legal
    knots for years.     The trip, undertaken at the request of President Bush,
    is expected to last three days.     Oman, also skittish, is regarded as an important support
    base for a ground incursion. US special operations
    forces can be flown there and then put on amphibious
    invasion ships.     US officials are not sure whether this is a case of
    lastminute jitters, or "something more serious".     One notable omission on Mr Rumsfeld's itinerary is
    Pakistan.  "The last thing Pakistan needs is a high
    profile visit by a US Secretary of Defence," said a
    Pentagon official.     The country is contending with ferocious anti-American
    demonstrations, with Mr Bush burned in effigy and hordes
    shouting: "Death to America! Let Americans come here to
    be buried!"     Washington officials advised reporters not to assume
    military action was only hours away. They stressed that
    Mr Bush will act only when he is convinced, by Mr
    Rumsfeld and others, that "all the pieces are in
    place". Such action will come "at various stages and
    times", they said. The President himself told reporters
    there is "no calendar" for the start of hostilities.

@_date: 2001-10-24 04:43:17
@_author: attila@hun.org 
@_subject: [RANT] Unfettered immigration is rapidly shifting the ethnic 
Unfettered immigration is rapidly shifting the ethnic and political balance of the United States. Republicans beware  SWEPT AWAY rant on!
    After reading this and evaluating the tables, I really
    will get run out of town on a tarred rail by the
    multi-cultural bigots.  Thank you Bubba and Bore for
    your fast track immigration policy which sold our
    primarily Judeo-Christian European heritage to the feast of
    the lions.     Even Buckley has caved in on maintaining ethnic balance
    (current population):
"It seems to me that the idea traditionally
         defended of endeavoring to maintain
         existing ethnic balances simply doesn't
         work any more."          	--William F. Buckley Jr., letter to Jared
         	Taylor August 8, 2000     Does Buckley mean defensible? We're not obligated either
    to support the world or to change 200 years of history
    where everyone coming to the US learned English.     Multi-culturism is an extremely short-sighted tool of
    the Democrats, particular the fake bleeding hearts like
    Bubba (who feels everybody's pain) and Bitch (The Ice
    Queen). Their, and their friends', use of immigration to
    re-define the political balance of America and therefore
    its dreams and ideals might as well be the statement of
    Martin Luther King "...out-breed 'em."
    King was not a cultural and social emancipator of his
    people: he was a core socialist establishing a power
    base from which to rule by central planning and
    supposedly redistribute the wealth --yeah, to him and
    his close friends before it was over.
    Bush's claim to have increased the Republican Spanish
    vote by 50% was meaningless --in terms of the total vote
    count, he lost ground since the Spanish voter base has
    almost doubled. But:
    All of this has major implications for 2004: Bush is
    obviously can not plan on the Islamic vote and unless
    the economic picture brightens dramatically, the
    traditional pocketbook and feel-good issues will be a
    factor regardless of W's "wartime" popularity --witness
    Bush 41 in 1992.
    What Bush does have going for him is that the tiger has
    awoke and the people want real security, not money
    security, and the liberal Democrats are obstructing
    progress in defense.     But even more importantly:
    Is that reasonable? I doubt it, unless a significant
    number of the liberal white Democrats who are alienated
    and disenchanted by the multi-cultural pandering of the
    Democratic party get sufficiently fed up to vote
    Republican as the lesser of evils. But, 11 Sep changed
    everything in the white vote, and Republicans have
    always believed in a strong America whereis the liberal
    Democratic multi-culturists are preaching FDR's
    "chicken in every pot".     Hopeful?  Maybe...  but the sure way is to send the
    aliens home, all of 'em: towel heads, wet backs, etc and
    get back to the basics of what made America great: God
    and country --and the willingness to do the work at hand.
20 Oct 2001 "Unfettered immigration is rapidly shifting the ethnic and political balance of the United States."
By Peter Brimelow and Edwin Rubenstein
    "Demography is destiny in American politics." That
    was the stark opening of our controversial National
    Review cover story     "Electing a New People" (June 16,
    1997). We pointed out that voting patterns in the United
    States correlate very closely with ethnicity, altering
    very slowly if at all. But the U.S. ethnic balance is
    shifting rapidly because of immigration. Therefore, a
    concomitant movement of the U.S. political balance is
    simply a matter of time. And since immigration is a
    matter of public policy, it is literally true that the
    federal government is dissolving the people and electing
    a new one, to paraphrase Bertolt Brecht's famous     advice to the Communist rulers of East Germany.  For reasons that
    In the present article, we review our
    back-of-the-envelope projection of immigration's impact
    on the political balance, then make a new projection
    based on the results of the 2000 presidential
    election. We conclude by analyzing the choices
    confronting the Republicans, the party that seems most
    likely to be the first victim of the changes.     Our view that demography is destiny was completely     borne out by the 2000 presidential election. The
    Republican nominee, George W. Bush, was chosen partly
    because of his     alleged appeal to Hispanics. The GOP made     desperate efforts, notably at its much-ridiculed     convention in Philadelphia, to present a
    multicultural face. But the result was ignominious
    failure--the ethnic patterns remained unbroken. In fact,
    in significant respects they grew even more ominous for
    the GOP. Only because Ralph Nader's Green Party siphoned
    off some Democratic votes did George W. Bush squeak into
    the White House, with a mere 48.4 percent of the popular
    vote.     For our original projection of immigration's impact on
    the political balance, we analyzed the 1988 presidential
    race, which the GOP won with 53 percent of the
    vote. This figure also happened to be the average vote
    received by the Republicans in presidential elections
    since 1968--the largest edge achieved by any party over
    any six elections in American history. And it was the
    vote received by Republicans in 1994, when they took
    control of the Senate and House. It can reasonably be
    regarded as the Republicans' high-water mark.     Then we lowered this high-water mark by adjusting for
    the shifting ethnic balance that the Census Bureau
    estimated would result from immigration, assuming that
    the various ethnic groups continued to vote as they did
    in 1988. It is important to note that these voting
    patterns were established before the United States began
    any serious public debate over immigration--so
    Republican stands on the issue cannot be blamed for the
    party's poor performance with these ethnic groups, as is
    commonly and carelessly alleged.     Declining Support     The results were startling, as the figure shows. Even if
    the Republicans could have won their 1988 level of
    support again--which they miserably failed to do against
    Bill Clinton--they would have had at most two
    presidential cycles left. Then they would have fallen
    inexorably into minority status, beginning in 2008.  (See
    Full Results in Table 1...)     But that was better than the prospect confronting them
    after the 2000 election.  George W. Bush came nowhere
    close to replicating the 1968-1988 Republican
    performance. As we have seen, he did not even get a
    majority of the popular vote.     A closer look reveals how poor Bush's performance
    was. He actually did     worse among African Americans than Bob Dole did in
    1996, obtaining only 8 percent of African Americans'
    votes, as opposed to Dole's 12 percent. He also did
    worse among Asians than we allowed for in our original
    projections (41 percent vs. 47 percent), which suggests
    that this group may not be the natural Republican
    constituency that the party's strategists so wishfully
    think it to be.     Of course, Bush did pull a higher share of the Hispanic
    vote than Dole did--31 percent versus 21 percent. And
    this has caused a certain amount of innumerate glee
    among those who fixate on the proportionate increase (50
    percent) while ignoring the pitifully small base. But
    the brute reality is that Bush still lost among
    Hispanics in a landslide. And his performance was
    squarely in the range of earlier GOP presidential
    experiences, which run the gamut from awful (35 percent
    in 1972) to catastrophic (24 percent in 1976). In no
    sense could it be considered a breakthrough.     Innumeracy blinds some commentators to the full horror
    of the Republican predicament. When an ethnic bloc is
    growing rapidly, as the Hispanics are because of
    immigration, it is possible to increase your relative
    share of their vote and still be no better off in terms
    of their absolute contribution to your total vote. This
    is what happened to Bush. He increased the Republican
    share of the Hispanic vote by ten percentage points, but
    because the overall number of Hispanic voters increased
    so much, the net effect was that he lost the Hispanic
    vote by essentially the same absolute number as Dole did
    (2.8 million vs. 2.9 million).     In other words, the Hispanics left him just as deep in
    the hole. He needed help from the rest of the American
    electorate to climb out.     And he didn't get it. In perhaps the most important and
    underreported development of the election, Bush did
    relatively poorly among whites, getting only 54 percent
    of their votes. By contrast, his father received 59
    percent in 1988, and Reagan pulled 64 percent in
    1984. Moreover, white turnout has been falling. In 1992,
    some 61.3 percent of whites over 18 voted; in 2000,
    turnout was down to 56 percent. These trends hurt Bush
    greatly because the Republican Party is fundamentally a
    white party. Virtually all of its votes--91 percent in
    2000--come from whites. The evidence is very clear that
    the Republicans are failing to motivate their base.     No Laurels     So what happens now? Obviously, the GOP cannot rest on
    its laurels. It has none to rest on. To make our new
    projection based on the 2000 election, we redistributed
    the third-party votes of Ralph Nader (2.7 percent) and
    Patrick J. Buchanan (0.4 percent) equally to the major
    parties. This is an extremely favorable assumption for
    the Republicans and has the happy result of bringing the
    party's 2000 share to 50 percent.     But after that, it's downhill all the way--(as Table
    2 makes clear.) makes clear. Under these
    assumptions and taking demographic changes into account,
    the GOP loses narrowly in 2004 (49.7 percent) and by a
    slightly wider, though still small, gap in 2008 (49.4
    percent). Then, it sinks steadily as immigration shifts
    the political balance against it. In fact, Bush's poor
    performance, if replicated, will have the effect of
    hastening the estimated date of the GOP's demise by two
    presidential election cycles.     However, things may not work out even this well for the
    Republicans. Although we redistributed the third-party
    votes equally for the sake of clarity, we by no means
    predict that this redistribution will actually
    happen. In our 1997  National Review story, we
    cited countries as far apart as     Australia and France to demonstrate that immigration
    is preeminently an issue that, when ignored by
    establishment parties, provokes insurrection. Pat
    Buchanan duly broke with the Republicans and ran as the
    Reform party nominee in 2000, with immigration reform as
    part of his platform. His     weak showing (not that the GOP can afford to ignore
    any votes at all) will comfort only those who do not
    remember  John
    Ashbrook's equally weak primary challenge to Richard
    Nixon in 1972, after which the conservative movement was
    widely written off--four years before Reagan's similar
    primary challenge to     Gerald Ford helped scuttle Ford's reelection
    prospects and put the Gipper on the road to the White
    House.     Buchanan may not have been the Messiah, nor even a John
    the Baptist. But he could still be an Isaiah,
    prophesying the Republicans' demise.     In our previous story, we also mentioned the
    anti-immigration forces then mobilizing against
    immigration enthusiast     Senator Spencer Abraham in Michigan. They duly
    played a role in his very narrow defeat. We also noted
    the rise of the Green Party, pointing out that it was
    the Green Party's vote-splitting role that had caused
    the Republicans to win a recent     congressional special election in New Mexico, rather
    than the mass conversion of Hispanics that was being
    proclaimed by the usual Republican Pollyannas. The New
    Mexico Greens appeared to be Anglo Leftists alienated
    from the worldly Hispanic machine that controlled the
    state's Democratic Party. We suggested that without
    Green intervention the Republicans would lose the seat
    in the general election,     which they did.     It is not fanciful to suggest that what we are seeing
    here are the first, indirect effects of the current
    great immigration wave. The modern Democratic Party has
    become preoccupied with the ethnic and patronage agendas
    of the blocs that increasingly make up its base. White
    Leftists, more ideological and perhaps idealistic, no
    longer feel at home in that party, and they are leaving,
    although no doubt failing to acknowledge the real
    reason, even to themselves.     Ostrich Party     Thus the vast complication of ethnic politics brought
    about by current immigration policy may, in the end,
    confound both parties. This has happened before in
    American politics. Immigration, and the rise of the
    nativist     American Party, destroyed the Whigs and ended the
    Second Party System on the eve of the Civil War.     But it's clear that the Republicans are being confounded
    first. Their options are few. First, they could continue
    their clumsy, "me-too" multicultural
    "outreach" as exemplified by the Philadelphia
    convention. This should guarantee the party
    irretrievable minority status in two or three
    presidential election cycles.     Second, the Republicans could try
    "inreach"--appealing to their white base. This
    would, in fact, be amazingly easy. A brilliant     article by Steve Sailer, posted on the webzine
    vdare.com, has demonstrated that if George W. Bush had
    increased his share of the white vote by just three
    percentage points, to 57 percent--and remember, his
    father received 59 percent in 1988--he would have won an
    electoral-college landslide of 367 to 171. There is no
    reason why achieving this increase should have to
    alienate the Republicans' few minority supporters, but
    that wouldn't matter even if it did happen. Under this
    scenario, Bush would still have achieved a tie in the     Electoral College if not one single nonwhite
    American had voted Republican.     A cool reading of the Republican situation reveals that
    it is serious but by no means desperate. The demographic
    balance of many southern states that the GOP now wins
    handily is in fact far more lopsided than that of
    California today--or of the United States
    tomorrow. African Americans, solid Democratic voters,
    constitute 35 to 40 percent of the electorate in those
    states, but the GOP wins handily because it     mobilizes its white base. In 2000, it achieved 81
    percent of the white vote in Mississippi, 73 percent in
    Texas, and 72 percent in Alabama. Overall, some 66
    percent of white Southerners voted for George W. Bush
    last November. We calculate that if the Republicans
    could achieve 66 percent of the white vote nationwide,
    they would remain the majority party, regardless of
    immigration, until 2080.     Third, the Republicans could simply stop the ongoing
    election of a new, non-Republican American people. They
    could repeal the disastrous 1965 Immigration Act, which
    accidentally triggered the current wave of immigrants
    after a forty-year lull in which there was virtually no
    immigration at all. That lull was vital to the
    assimilation of the first, 1890-1920, Great Wave of
    immigration. There is a strong case for resuming such a
    moratorium. But at the least, Republicans could insist
    that immigration policy favor applicants--skilled,
    English-speaking, quite possibly European--who are more
    likely to vote for them. After all, no state would be
    admitted to the Union without the most precise
    calculation of its partisan consequences. And
    immigration is currently adding the equivalent of a     North Dakota plus some 30,000 more people every
    year.     The inability of Republican strategists to understand
    all this is fascinating. Some are marketing
    professionals from the corporate world, people who never
    saw a market they didn't want to penetrate and have no
    experience with the zero-sum aspects of political
    struggle. Some Republican strategists obviously just
    can't count. Republican consultant Ralph Reed, for
    example, told the  Washington Post that the party
    could no longer try "to drive its percentage of the
    white vote over 70 percent to win an election."
    (See "Bush Abandons 'Southern Strategy'; Campaign
    Avoids Use of Polarizing Issues Employed by GOP Since
    Nixon's Time,"     August 6, 2000.) Reed was apparently unaware that
    Bob Dole, the candidate he supported in 1996, had not
    even won the white vote, receiving only 49 percent.     Overall, though, the Republican paralysis has to be
    judged a classic case of one competitor achieving moral
    hegemony over another. The Republicans, it is clear,
    have actually come to believe the Democrats'
    propaganda. They now believe that appeals to their own
    political base are immoral, even though the Democrats
    play that very game themselves. That is a formula for
    political destruction. And as immigration-driven
    demographic change transforms American politics, it will
    change the society as well, through the political
    process and in countless other ways.     A great demographic storm is breaking over America. The
    Republican Party may prove to be the least that it
    sweeps away. Peter Brimelow is the author of
    Alien Nation: Common Sense About America's Immigration
     Disaster (1996) and an editor of vdare.com.  Edwin Rubenstein is director of
    research at the Hudson Institute. Copyright © 2001 by     Hudson Institute. This article     first appeared in     American Outlook Magazine.
