
@_date: 2001-09-30 23:10:48
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
Good points; though to be fair, there is a body of fairly influential literature
out there that does address the problem you're getting at. You might be
interested in a book (available as a free online pdf) called "Countering the
New Terrorism".  I read it when it
came out in 1999, probably ought to have another read myself...
Here's a summary:
Traces the recent evolution of international terrorism against civilian and
U.S. military targets, looks ahead to where terrorism is going, and assesses
how it might be contained. The authors consider the threat of information-based
terrorism and of weapons of mass destruction, with an emphasis on how changes
in the sources and nature of terrorism may affect the use of unconventional
terror. The authors propose counterterrorism strategies that address the
growing problem of homeland defense.
Chapter One: Introduction
Ian O. Lesser
Changing Terrorism in a Changing World
Study Approach and Structure
Chapter Two: Terrorism Trends and Prospects
Bruce Hoffman
Trends In Terrorism
Terrorist Tactical Adaptations Across the Technological Spectrum and Their
Chapter Three: Networks, Netwar, and Information-Age Terrorism
John Arquilla, David Ronfeldt, and Michele Zanini
A New Terrorism (with Old Roots)
Recent Views About Terrorism
The Advent of Netwar--Analytical Background
Middle Eastern Terrorism and Netwar
Terrorist Doctrines--The Rise of a "War Paradigm"
Information-Age Terrorism and the U.S. Air Force
Policy Implications and Conclusions for the USAF
Chapter Four: Countering the New Terrorism: Implications for Strategy
Ian O. Lesser
Understanding and Countering the "New" Terrorism
Terrorism in Strategic Context
The Lessons and Relevance of Counterterrorism Experience
Conceptualizing National Counterterrorism Strategy
more pdfs:

@_date: 2001-09-25 17:56:41
@_author: AP 
@_subject: RAND Panelists Say Combating Terrorist Threats Must Not Erode 
Panelists Say Combating Terrorist Threats Must Not Erode Freedoms
By Derrill Holly, Associated Press Writer
Published: Sep 24, 2001
ARLINGTON, Va. (AP) - A national strategy to combat terrorism should not
compromise the Bill of Rights, members of a presidentially appointed
counterterrorism panel said Monday.
"Americans must never be asked to give up a single solitary right that they
have under the Constitution," said Gov. Jim Gilmore, R-Va.
Gilmore has chaired the advisory panel, charged with assessing the nation's
ability to respond to terrorism involving weapons of mass destruction, since
its creation in April 1999. He said the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 have
accelerated efforts to produce the panel's third and final report.
Although the document is not due until December, it will be released to
members of Congress early next month as members consider a raft of
counterterrorism proposals.
"We're not trying to set up some super intelligence agency," said Gilmore.
He and other panel members see the role of the new Office of Homeland
Security as a planning and coordination agency. Its primary duties would
include budgetary oversight, with little emphasis on investigation,
interdiction and apprehension of suspected terrorists.
Gilmore said state and local officials should work with federal law
enforcement agencies to respond to any threats. "If that's overwhelmed you,
bring in the guard or the military as a last resort," he said.
The meeting was held at the RAND Corporation Headquarters just blocks away
from the soot-stained western wall of the Pentagon, where terrorists flew an
American Airlines jet into the building.
The 17-member panel was also directly touched by the attacks on the World
Trade Center. Member Raymond Downey, the New York City Fire Department's
commander of special operations, died when he was struck by falling debris
as the Twin Towers collapsed.
Those on the panel contend the events have not altered the recommendations
they will make to the White House.
"Some of the things we've been saying now for two years are still very
relevant," said Michael A. Wermuth, a senior policy analyst at RAND.
The creation of a National Office for Combating Terrorism was included in
the panel's second report, released last December.
"There's going to be reaction in this country, and we want to ensure that
it's well timed and appropriately focused," said panel member George
Foresman, Deputy State Coordinator for the Virginia State Department of
Emergency Management.

@_date: 2001-09-25 17:48:44
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Getting Bush\'s Ear: Panel Releases Guidelines For Battling 
National Journal's Technology Daily September 24, 2001
CYBER TERRORISM: Panel Releases Guidelines For Battling Cyber
A congressionally-mandated panel that has the ear of the Bush
administration and key lawmakers detailed its anti-terrorism
recommendations on Monday, offering its thoughts on cyber
security, the use of the military in response to terrorist
threats, border security, and the national health and medical
The Advisory Panel to Assess Domestic Response Capabilities for
Terrorism Involving Weapons of Mass Destruction expedited the
release of its third and final report -- originally scheduled
for December -- after the Sept. 11 terrorism attacks in the
United States. It expects to forward its recommendations to the
White House and Capitol Hill within a "couple of weeks."
In an effort to combat cyber terrorism, the panel -- known as
the Gilmore Commission after its chairman, Virginia Gov. James
Gilmore -- recommended that any entity advising the president
have "broad representation" from state and local governments and
private industries that depend on information security. The
panel noted that the advisory group proposed by the Bush
administration to examine critical infrastructure includes only
senior national security officials.
The Gilmore Commission also recommended the establishment of a
government-funded group representing all stakeholders --
including law enforcement and private business -- to provide
cyber-security alerts and functions.
The panel found "major shortcomings" in the FBI's National
Infrastructure Protection Center, RAND project director Michael
Wermuth said at the panel's meeting.
The commission also suggested that Congress and the executive
branch hold a summit to address what changes in current law will
be necessary to address cyber-security issues. A "cyber court"
also should be created for U.S. attorneys, according to the
final report.
"This is the best way to be effective while at the same time
protect civil rights," Wermuth said, stressing that the panel
repeatedly emphasized that national security should not come at
the expense of civil rights.
The group recommended the creation of a federally funded
consortium for cyber security. Its task would be to develop a
plan for testing and evaluating cyber-security research.
The panel also said the federal government should reestablish
the operational capabilities of its effort to combat the Year
2000 computer bug as a way to combat cyber terrorism.
Gilmore said President Bush is "aware" of the report because
Vice President Richard Cheney met with the group in May. Gilmore
also said Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge -- who will head the newly
created Office of Homeland Security -- told Gilmore on Friday
that he "wants very much" to get input from the Gilmore
The commission also is getting more attention on Capitol Hill.
Gilmore told National Journal's Technology Daily that he spoke
with Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Bob Graham, D-Fla.,
over the weekend, and Graham was "very interested in the entire
range and array" of the recommendations.
He said Graham is considering legislation on the issue. So far,
Graham is working on legislation that would expand the length of
some court orders to a year, and he supports efforts to give law
enforcement broader powers to track e-mail and Web-surfing

@_date: 2001-09-25 17:40:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror 
U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror
Summary -- In the wake of terrorist attacks on New York and Washington, the U.S. government is moving quickly to create a new Cabinet-level agency for
homeland defense and ease restrictions on law enforcement agencies. But while
these measures may prove effective against foreign attacks, they may also lead
to increased domestic terrorism.
Analysis -- In a televised State of the Union address Sept. 20, U.S. President
George W. Bush announced the creation of a new Cabinet-level agency designed to "lead, oversee and coordinate" a national strategy to guard the United States against terrorism. Congress meanwhile is considering new laws to ease restrictions on wiretapping and eavesdropping. These new measures may be necessary components to protect the United States from further attacks by foreign terrorists. But they will also likely fuel the
fears and anger of domestic groups such as the Michigan Militia or the North
American Volunteer Militia. In time, as the U.S. security apparatus looks for
threats coming from outside the country, the United States may again face
attacks from within.
More than 800 militia-style groups existed at the peak of the anti-government
movement in the mid-1990s, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center. The
number has decreased dramatically in the past five years, thanks to a combination of a strong economy and heavy pressure from law enforcement agencies in the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing. The SPLC now identifies only
194 "Patriot" groups that were active in 2000. Generally Patriot groups define themselves as opposed to the "New World Order"
or advocate extreme anti-government doctrines, fearing the growth of government bureaucracies and intrusion upon civil liberties. Such groups are likely to enjoy a resurgence in interest, membership and activities as the
government adopts more stringent security measures.
U.S. lawmakers historically have been very cautious about tipping the balance
between law enforcement and civil liberties. It took Congress nearly a year to
pass former U.S. President Bill Clinton's anti-terrorism bill after the 1998 bombings of two U.S. embassies in East Africa. In the weeks before the recent terror attacks, privacy advocates hailed a major victory when a San Diego judge
banned the use of automatic cameras to catch cars driving through red lights.
But the attacks in New York and Washington have dramatically altered much of the nation's thinking, as many Americans are beginning to place a greater value
on security. This shift is reflected in the federal government.
The newly announced Office of Homeland Security, to be headed by Pennsylvania
Gov. Tom Ridge, is aimed at knitting together counter terrorism functions now scattered across more than 40 federal agencies, including the FBI, CIA,
National Guard and local police and firefighting forces. It will focus not only
on preventing terrorist attacks but also on fortifying potential targets by developing plans to protect the nation's transportation, power and food
systems, according to officials cited by the Associated Press.
The "Mobilization Against Terrorism Act" still under consideration in Congress
would rewrite laws dealing with wiretapping, eavesdropping and immigration.
Included in the bill are provisions to ease the restrictions the FBI faces on
installing its Carnivore Internet-surveillance system as well as streamlining
procedures to obtaining voicemail recordings.
Further provisions include eliminating the statue of limitations for terrorism-
related crimes and allowing federal authorities to detain without a court order
non-U.S. citizens suspected of involvement in terrorist activities. Also under
consideration is a modification to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act
to make it easier for prosecutors in certain highly sensitive cases to look
through the records of a business, credit card company or Internet provider.
Fewer restrictions on law enforcement agents and the creation of a new federal
office may be necessary steps to protect the United States from foreign
terrorists. But powerful bureaucracies and narrowed civil liberties are
exactly the sort of triggers that set off militia groups.
We are likely to see a resurgence of militia group activity just at the time
that law enforcement agencies are retasking themselves to counter foreign
threats. Even if law enforcement agents continue to infiltrate militia groups,
it is much more difficult to monitor and prevent activity from individuals. As
militia ranks fill, it is not unlikely to expect some of them to resort to the
same kind of armed activity as Timothy McVeigh and Ted Kaczynski did in the

@_date: 2001-09-25 01:46:31
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: CIA/DoD NBC biowarfare handbooks and resources 
Master Site: Medical Online NBC Information Server
Don't miss their online video tutorials and training courses! Fascinating
stuff. Good reading...
Medical Management Of Biological Casualties Handbook
Fourth Edition, February 2001
U.S. Army Medical Reseach Institute of Infectious Diseases
The Blue Book
Appx A: Glossary of Medical Terms
Appx B: Patient Isolation Precautions
Appx C: BW Agent Characteristics
Appx D: BW Agent Vaccines, Therapeutics and Prophylactics
Appx E: Medical Sample Collection for BW Agents
Appx F: Specimens for Laboratory Diagnosis
Appx G: BW Agent Laboratory Identification
Appx H: Differential Diagnosis - Toxins vs. Nerve Agents
Appx I: Comparative Lethality - Toxins vs. Chemical Agents
Appx J: Aerosol Toxicity
Appx K: References and Emergency Response Contacts
Medical Management of Radiological Casualties Handbook
Information Paper: DoD Biological Warfare Threat Analysis
Unclassified Report to Congress on the Acquisition of Technology
Relating to Weapons of Mass Destruction and Advanced Conventional Munitions
1 July Through 31 December 1999
Medical NBC Briefing Series: Medical NBC Aspects of Influenza

@_date: 2001-09-23 22:33:47
@_author: if a term like that even makes sense 
@_subject: Re: Death of \'nations\'? 
No, I hope not. Unfortunately, to quote Bernard Brodie, I suspect this may be a
case in which the rigidity lies in the situation, not in the thinking. As long
as the technology exists, it's going to be problematic. So then the really
interesting question becomes finding a way to translate a more pro-freedom,
idealistic approach into practical policy within the situation and
institutional framework as it exists now. You know, it sort of gets back to
Herman Kahn's idea of "men of influence" as those who "write the documents that
are placed in the hands of the decisionmaker at key moments." As a "community",
(if a term like that even makes sense) we could use a few more Men of Influence
in the policy arena, rather than leaving it entirely in the hands of the
statists. We turn up our noses at participating in the process and then wonder
why it all turns out so badly. What a surprise.
A useful exercise might be the following: pretend Condi Rice asked you to draft
up a point paper of policy recommendations related to technology and security
to be presented to the President next week. Could you distill your approach
into a set of bullet points--short, to the point, and easy enough for George
Bush to understand? If anyone gives it a try I'd certainly be glad to see it.
 Even getting it out in a public forum like this might be beneficial, who knows.
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose that freedom; and
the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will
lose that, too.

@_date: 2001-09-21 18:14:23
@_author: The Gilmore Commission 
@_subject: Open Meeting: RAND Congressional Advisory Panel on WMD 
Congressional Advisory Panel to Assess Domestic Response Capabilities for
Terrorism Involving Weapons of Mass Destruction (The Gilmore Commission)
Next meeting: Sept. 24th from 9:00 am until 4:00 pm at the RAND Washington
Office - 1200 North Hayes Street.
Boilerplate: "The Advisory Panel will assess the capabilities for responding to
terrorist incidents in the U.S. homeland involving weapons of mass destruction.
Response capabilities at the Federal, State, and local levels will be examined,
with a particular emphasis on the latter two. The Secretary of Defense, in
consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary
of Health and Human Services, and the Director of the Federal Emergency
Management Agency, has entered into a contract with the National Defense
Research Institute (NDRI), a federally funded research and development center
(FFRDC) at RAND, to establish the Advisory Panel in accordance with Section
1405 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999, Public Law
105-261 (H.R. 3616, 105th Congress, 2nd Session) (October 17, 1998)."
Interesting background PDF: "Toward a National Strategy for Combating Terrorism"
RAND site:

@_date: 2001-09-21 15:34:21
@_author: 5.0 MBytes 
@_subject: Online FEMA course: \"Emergency Response To Terrorism  Self 
Free training from the FEMA Emergency Management Institute:
Emergency Response to Terrorism: Self-Study
"This course is self-paced, paper-based document and is designed to provide the
basic awareness training to prepare first responders to respond to incidents of
terrorism safely and effectively. Students who successfully complete the exam
will be eligible for a FEMA/BJA certificate of training."
Target Audience: Fire, emergency medical, hazmat, incident command and law
enforcement responders.
Download Emergency Response to Terrorism: Self Study (5.0 MBytes)
Other free FEMA online courses available at:
Also of possible interest...
"Compendium of Weapons of Mass Destruction Courses"
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher
a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts,
build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders,
cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure,
program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly.
Specialization is for insects."
- - Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-09-20 22:44:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: a libertarian approach to airport security: suggestions 
Grrr. I know. But making the effort to put some viable alternatives on the
table is preferable to watching it all go to hell without so much as squeaking
a peep. Sure, it's a given that people are going to do something; if we can
pack the range of options with more freedom-friendly alternatives, maybe
they'll help crowd out the disasterously statist ones. Maybe. And if nothing
else, at least I'll know I squeaked my peep, damn it...
Good ideas about private sector security practices, but does anyone have any
suggestions that particularly pertain to technology that might serve to slow up
the biometrics bandwagon? Deperessingly enough, that's the way it seems to be
going, and I reallly don't see a way out of it.
"The two contenders met, with all their troops, on the field of Camlan to
negotiate.  Both sides were fully armed, and desperately suspicious that the
other side was going to try some ruse or stratagem.  The negotiations were
going along smoothly until one of the knights was stung by an asp, and drew his
sword to kill the reptile.  The others saw the sword being drawn and
immediately fell upon each other.  A tremendous slaughter ensued.  The
chronicle is quite specific about the point that the slaughter was excessive
chiefly because the battle took place without preparations or premeditation."

@_date: 2001-09-20 18:47:31
@_author: Free Flight 
@_subject: a libertarian approach to airport security: suggestions 
Does anyone have any ideas on implementing a more libertarian approach to airport security technology and policy? For example, if someone asked you to contribute to a policy point paper to brief the White House, what would you recommend?
I'm sure we could all recite the endless litany of Surveillance State measures best flushed straight down the toilet--but where are the proactive solutions? Here's a start:
1. Simplify Federal air regulations: the current patchwork of requirements creates sometimes contradictory rules that hinder industry initiative and confound enforcement efforts.
2. Improve air traffic control practices, including emphasis on GPS enroute navigation over traditional airways routing (Free Flight) and better analysis of and response to changing airport capacity issues.
3. Implement private sector fault-checking airport/airline security systems using adversary testing (teams organized to regularly attempt to breach security).
We can't afford to throw in the towel in disgust (tempting though it may be) and leave this debate to the cowardly 70 percent. Which reminds me, here's a word of wisdom from Herman Kahn for those of you who lost your nerve:
"Critics frequently refer to the icy rationality of the Hudson Institute, the RAND Corporation and other such organizations. I'm always tempted to ask in reply, 'Would you prefer a warm, human error? Do you feel better with a nice emotional mistake?' We cannot expect good discussion of security problems if we are going to label every attempt at detachment as callous, every attempt at objectivity as immoral. Technical details are not the only important operative facts. Human and moral factors...must never be missing from policies and public discussion. But emotionalism and sentimentality, as opposed to morality and concern, only confuse the debates. Nor can experts be expected to repeat, 'If, heavean forbid...", before every sentence."

@_date: 2001-09-22 22:04:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Preparedness 
Not just by Y2K worriers, it was also anticipated in the late 60s by analysts
exploring the possible use of EMP effects as an effective and non-violent
strategic weapon. Here's a great quote:
"Targeting only the technology is an interesting concept but who the hell is
going to pay you to research it? The Pentagon knows that without just its phone
system it would be the ultimate Chinese fire drill. They're not about to offer
prizes for the ten easiest ways to destroy the systems they too need to
survive. These things get around...." -- Herman Kahn
Rather prophetic, I think.

@_date: 2001-09-25 02:23:40
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: [silk] Re: Avoid hard targets tomorrow (fwd) 
Interesting, but where are you getting this? It's not my area, but I think
you're a being little optimistic--the only nuclear scientist I ever
met who was involved with the Indian tests struck me as being a real honest-to-
god pakistan-bashing hawk. Oh well, there's science and then there's strategy...
Here's a great pdf on the latter if anyone is interested:
India's Emerging Nuclear Posture:
Between Recessed Deterrent and Ready Arsenal
Ashley J. Tellis
And a quick summary:
On May 11, 1998, after a hiatus of more than two decades, India conducted a
series of nuclear tests that signaled a critical shift in its strategic
thinking. Once content to embrace a nuclear posture consisting largely
of "maintaining the option"--i.e., neither creating a nuclear arsenal nor
renouncing its right to do so--India is now on the threshold of adopting a
posture that, while stopping short of creating a ready arsenal, will take as
its goal the establishment of a "minimum but credible deterrent," known as
a "force-in-being." This book examines the forces--political, strategic,
technological, and ideational--that led to this dramatic policy shift and
describes how New Delhi's force-in-being will be fashioned, particularly in
light of the threat India faces from its two most salient adversaries, China
and Pakistan.

@_date: 2001-09-25 22:26:43
@_author: was Re: Getting Bush... 
@_subject: Signed, anonymous...(was Re: Getting Bush...) 
Among other reasons, mainly because it serves to make me feel a little more
accountable for what I say here. People tend to act badly when they don't have
anything at stake; it's just a symbolic 'good faith' gesture in that direction
as a reminder to keep myself honest.
"What's the matter with you that you need a reminder?" you might ask. Well,
anyone with 1) ego issues 2) a rotten temper and 3) a mean streak (sound
familiar...?) has to realize that adding a remailer to the mix makes for a
potentially toxic combination. There's too much to lose, and these issues
are just too important: if I came here to talk "to" people rather than
"at" them, anything that helps me keep a civil tongue in my head is a huge
plus. If I can't bring myself to discuss something rationally, I try to skip
it. Would that more people did the same...
It's the easiest thing in the world to hurl ad hominems at idiots you
disagree with--in real life, much less behind a remailer!--but to make an
exchange worth the time, you have to grow up and work a little harder than
that. Otherwise, why waste your breath? You'd much be better off sitting around
grousing and talking back to the TV set. How am I going to persuade anyone
if I'm content to adopt the manner of a doddering old irrelevant kook? Ugh.
A little common courtesy goes a long way: not quite there, but I'm working on
I've been posting from cotse, but switched to my hushmail account
since they announced they're shutting the free service down. I feel rather
silly using a nickname these days, and anyway it's 100% pointless to assert
continuity-of-identity from one psuedoanonymous account to another.
Hope that answers your question...

@_date: 2001-09-27 17:59:01
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: The Ominous New Power Of Loose Lips 
The Ominous New Power Of Loose Lips
By Bob Greene
They did it with scissors.
According to newspapermen who covered the European front in World War II, that
is how military censors often made certain that copy sent back to the United
States by war correspondents contained no information the U.S. government did
not want made public: The censors literally cut the offending passages out of
the typed-up pages before the stories were transmitted back home.
As the U.S. enters into these uncertain days, there is a lesson in that.
Because the world itself has been utterly transformed technologically since
those "Loose Lips Sink Ships" years. Loose lips do, indeed sink ships -- and
bring down fighter planes. Military forces hope to approach enemy targets in
Which is going to be immensely difficult in the battles to come. In each war,
secrecy has been incrementally harder to maintain. Vietnam was often called the
first television war -- and even though the pictures were not live, the
immediacy of film footage had an enormous effect on the public's feelings
about the war. Americans saw warfare and death through a TV camera lens. They
didn't like it.
Which was no surprise to the government. In World War II, U.S. military censors
routinely banned American newspapers and magazines from showing photos of dead
soldiers. It was only after Life magazine convinced the government that to
publish a particular photo of American soldiers who had been killed on a beach
would help readers back home understand exactly what was at stake that the
 censors relented.
In the Gulf War, many old-time veterans were outraged that the U.S. military
command was giving regular, internationally televised briefings. If the
American people could hear and see what the generals were saying, so could the
enemy. It didn't seem to matter -- that war was concluded quickly.
Now, though, we are in new territory. Putting aside the question of whether
21st Century reporters can be persuaded to hold back information, there is an
unprecedented complication.
(If the concept of reporters holding back information is foreign to you -- if
you assume reporters would never do that -- then you only have to look back to
the 1930s and 1940s, when the American people did not know that Franklin D.
Roosevelt used a wheelchair. Press photographers did not shoot pictures of him
in the wheelchair; print and radio reporters never referred to the fact. Try
to conceive of that now: a president spending much of his time in a wheelchair,
and the public does not know because of a gentlemen's agreement among the press
But the new complication has nothing to do with any gentlemen's agreement. It
has to do with the Internet -- and its ramifications for troop movements.
Even if all accredited war correspondents were to agree to keep their mouths
shut about troop movements, much of the world today is hooked up to the global
computer network. You may have noticed that President Bush, in his address to
the nation last week, referred to a Web address where relief donations could be
sent. Think about the newness of that: a president, preparing his people for
war, giving out an Internet address with the implicit knowledge most of the
public would understand it, and be able to use it.
And the U.S. troops aboard the ships heading for foreign waters and possible
battle -- some of the troops, in interviews as they left their bases here, said
that they planned to stay in touch with loved ones by using e-mail. Just that
So . . . in our very different world, how does the Pentagon -- or the military
command of any of our allies or enemies -- make certain some private citizen
somewhere in the world does not notice warships or warplanes, notify someone
somewhere who is deeply interested in just such information . . . and give away
secrets that can cost lives and lose battles? Put the traditional press aside
for a moment -- how do commanding officers keep anything silent in a universe
where instant communication is a keyboard tap away? Where anyone with a laptop
computer can get the news out faster than Edward R. Murrow could ever count on?
Scissors aren't going to be of any use this time around. Loose lips have a
potential power they never did before.

@_date: 2001-09-30 13:38:19
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
What objective criteria do you use to tell good analysis from bad?
You mean the way some people around here are convinced that this list will
somehow be declared a terrorist organization? Like that?
Probably not.

@_date: 2001-09-30 13:07:56
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
Where's the "discovery" here? I posted a story from Stratfor to the list
Tuesday, Sept 25. Oh well, glad you found it anyway.
It's good, but I'm guessing the classified work from RAND is even better. It all
comes down to who gets the cabinet's ear: I could be wrong, but either way it
looks like the cooler heads at least have a chance this time around.
Here's to hoping.

@_date: 2001-10-23 18:18:09
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Wolfowitz, Calling For "Great Caution," Limits DoD Employees' 
The interesting thing about this is the new crackdown on non-classified
information in the private sector under the umbrella provision "persons in
other organizations that support DoD." Of course each contractor has the right
to set what's acceptable and what isn't from their employees in terms of
talking to the media etc., but the way the Wolfowitz policy is being
implemented in certain quarters really takes it to a whole new level. To my
mind, either information is classified or it isn't. Preventing leaks is one
thing, but why private citizens who happen to do THINKINT on terrorism--for
example--should be silenced and subjected to these harsh new provisions is less
than obvious.
Wolfowitz, Calling For "Great Caution," Limits DoD Employees' Discussions
Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz has forbidden all Defense Department
employees from talking about their work in common areas and public spaces, on
unsecured telephones or networks, and while commuting to and from work.
In an Oct. 18 memo, Wolfowitz says U.S. military and civilian lives, as well as
DOD operations, facilities, resources and critical information, are "at risk
for an indefinite period" following the terrorist attacks against New York City
and Washington, DC. He cites the national emergency President Bush declared
Sept. 14 and the military's contribution to "wide-ranging efforts to defeat
international terrorism" as putting DOD's places and people at risk. The memo
is addressed to the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, service secretaries,
top leaders in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, directors of defense
agencies and several other senior DOD officials. The guidance also applies
to "persons in other organizations that support DOD."
"We must ensure that we deny our adversaries the information essential for them
to plan, prepare or conduct further terrorist or related hostile operations
against the United States and this Department," the memo states. Wolfowitz
directs employees not to discuss their work where they could be overheard by
anyone outside the department, and he cautions against releasing much of the
information DOD uses to conduct its business.
Using italics for emphasis, the deputy secretary's memo says it is "vital that
Defense Department employees, as well as persons in other organizations that
support DOD, exercise great caution in discussing information related to DOD
work, regardless of their duties.
"Do not conduct any work-related conversations in common areas, public places,
while commuting, or over unsecured electronic circuits. Classified information
may be discussed only in authorized spaces and with persons having a specific
need to know and the proper security clearance," states the memo.
Wolfowitz says even unclassified defense information, which usually is subject
to far fewer restrictions and oversight, may require protection "because it can
often be compiled to reveal sensitive conclusions. Much of the information we
use to conduct DOD's operations must be withheld from public release because of
its sensitivity. If in doubt, do not release or discuss official information
except with other DOD personnel."
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said today the release of any classified
information about the military's actions in Afghanistan and against terrorists
worldwide could threaten the lives of U.S. troops and the results of the
military's actions abroad. He called the disclosure of operational information
to the news media last week prior to U.S. special forces' arrival on the ground
in Afghanistan "terrible" and "irresponsible" and said it is a violation of
federal law.
"We cannot and will not provide information that could jeopardize the success
of our efforts to root out and liquidate the terrorist networks that threaten
our people," Rumsfeld said at a Pentagon press briefing today. "To the extent
that the Taliban and the al Qaeda know the goals and the purposes of our
operations, they will be in a better position to frustrate those goals and
those purposes. It is not in our country's interest to let them know when, how,
or even why we're conducting certain operations."
Wolfowitz directs in his memo all major DOD components to review the
department's "operations security program" and to "ensure that their policies,
procedures and personnel are in compliance" with it.

@_date: 2001-10-22 18:57:11
@_author: Szasz is right, but this is SO much fun... :D ~F. 
@_subject: Psychological violence of the antisocial/narcissistic/paraniod 
(Szasz is right, but this is SO much fun... :D ~F.)
"Constant criticism, nit-picking, no empathy, control freak, charm, devious,
manipulative, intimidating? Read this..."
The serial bully
Identifying the psychopath or sociopath in our midst including the socialised
psychopathic manager.
"All cruelty springs from weakness."
(Seneca, 4BC-AD65)
"The truth is incontrovertible; malice may attack it, ignorance my deride it,
but in the end, there it is." Winston Churchill
"Most organisations have a serial bully. It never ceases to amaze me how one
person's divisive, disordered, dysfunctional behaviour can permeate the entire
organisation like a cancer." (Tim Field)
I estimate one person in thirty, male or female, is a serial bully. Who does
the following profile describe in your life?
The serial bully:
is a convincing, practised liar and when called to account, will make up
anything spontaneously to fit their needs at that moment
has a Jekyll and Hyde nature-- is vile, vicious and vindictive in private, but
innocent and charming in front of witnesses; no-one can (or wants to) believe
this individual has a vindictive nature-- only the current target of the serial
bully's aggression sees both sides; whilst the Jekyll side is described
as "charming" and convincing enough to deceive personnel, management and a
tribunal, the Hyde side is frequently described as "evil"; Hyde is the real
person, Jekyll is an act
excels at deception and should never be underestimated in their capacity to
uses excessive charm and is always plausible and convincing when peers,
superiors or others are present (charm can be used to deceive as well as to
cover for lack of empathy)
is glib, shallow and superficial with plenty of fine words and lots of form--
but there's no substance
is possessed of an exceptional verbal facility and will outmanoeuvre most
people in verbal interaction, especially at times of conflict
is often described as smooth, slippery, slimy, ingratiating, fawning, toadying,
obsequious, sycophantic
relies on mimicry, repetition and regurgitation to convince others that he or
she is both a "normal" human being and a tough dynamic manager, as in extolling
the virtues of the latest management fads and pouring forth the accompanying
is unusually skilled in being able to anticipate what people want to hear and
then saying it plausibly
cannot be trusted or relied upon
fails to fulfil commitments
shows an arrested level of emotional development; whilst language and intellect
may appear to be that of an adult, the bully displays the emotional age of a
is emotionally immature and emotionally untrustworthy
exhibits unusual and inappropriate attitudes to sexual matters, sexual
behaviour and bodily functions; underneath the charming exterior there are
often suspicions or hints of sex discrimination and sexual harassment, perhaps
also sexual dysfunction, sexual inadequacy, sexual violence or sexual abuse
in a relationship, is incapable of initiating or sustaining intimacy
holds deep prejudices (eg against the opposite gender, people of a different
sexual orientation, other cultures and religious beliefs, foreigners, etc--
prejudiced people are unvaryingly unimaginative) but goes to great lengths to
keep this prejudicial aspect of their personality secret
is self-opinionated and displays arrogance, audacity, a superior sense of
entitlement and sense of invulnerability and untouchability
has a deep-seated contempt of clients in contrast to his or her professed
is a control freak and has a compulsive need to control everyone and everything
you say, do, think and believe; for example, will launch an immediate personal
attack attempting to restrict what you are permitted to say if you start
talking knowledgeably about psychopathic personality or antisocial personality
disorder in their presence-- but aggressively maintains the right to talk
(usually unknowledgeably) about anything they choose; serial bullies despise
anyone who enables others to see through their deception and their mask of
displays a compulsive need to criticise whilst simultaneously refusing to
value, praise and acknowledge others, their achievements, or their existence
shows a lack of joined-up thinking with conversation that doesn't flow and
arguments that don't hold water
flits from topic to topic so that you come away feeling you've never had a
proper conversation
refuses to be specific and never gives a straight answer
is evasive and has a Houdini-like ability to escape accountability
undermines and destroys anyone who the bully perceives to be an adversary, a
potential threat, or who can see through the bully's mask
is adept at creating conflict between those who would otherwise collate
incriminating information about them
is quick to discredit and neutralise anyone who can talk knowledgeably about
antisocial or sociopathic behaviours
is also quick to belittle, undermine, denigrate and discredit anyone who calls,
attempts to call, or might call the bully to account
is highly manipulative, especially of people's perceptions and emotions (eg
when called upon to share or address the needs and concerns of others, responds
with impatience, irritability and aggression
often has an overwhelming, unhealthy and narcissistic attention-seeking need to
portray themselves as a wonderful, kind, caring and compassionate person, in
contrast to their behaviour and treatment of others; the bully sees nothing
wrong with their behaviour and chooses to remain oblivious to the discrepancy
between how they like to be seen and how they are seen by others
is mean-spirited, officious, and often unbelievably petty
is greedy, selfish, and a parasite
is always a taker and never a giver
is convinced of their superiority and has an overbearing belief in their
qualities of leadership but cannot distinguish between leadership (maturity,
decisiveness, assertiveness, co-operation, trust, integrity) and bullying
(immaturity, impulsiveness, aggression, manipulation, distrust, deceitfulness)
often fraudulently claims qualifications, experience, titles, entitlements or
affiliations which are ambiguous, misleading, or bogus
often misses the semantic meaning of language, misinterprets what is said,
sometimes wrongly thinking that comments of a satirical, ironic or general
negative nature apply to him or herself
is constantly imposing on others a false reality made up of distortion and
sometimes displays a seemingly limitless demonic energy especially when engaged
in attention-seeking activities or evasion of accountability and is often a
committeeaholic or apparent workaholic
The serial bully appears to lack insight into his or her behaviour and seems to
be oblivious to the crassness and inappropriateness thereof; however, it is
more likely that the bully knows what they are doing but elects to switch off
the moral and ethical considerations by which normal people are bound. If the
bully knows what they are doing, they are responsible for their behaviour and
thus liable for its consequences to other people. If the bully doesn't know
what they are doing, they should be suspended from duty on the grounds of
diminished responsibility and the provisions of the Mental Health Act should
Antisocial Personality Disorder (APD)
The serial bully exhibits behaviours congruent with the diagnostic criteria for
Antisocial Personality Disorder.
Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD)
The serial bully exhibits behaviours congruent with the diagnostic criteria for
Narcissistic Personality Disorder.
Paranoid Personality Disorder (PPD)
The serial bully exhibits behaviours congruent with the diagnostic criteria for
Paranoid Personality Disorder.
Borderline Personality Disorder

@_date: 2001-10-21 20:24:36
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re:  IP: "U.S. On Verge of 'Electronic Martial Law' (fwd) 
Actually the term of art is "NETWAR", one word, first used by John Arquilla
and David Ronfeldt in their essay, "Cyberwar is Coming!" available at
 .
So what is netwar?
"Netwar is an emerging mode of conflict in which the protagonists--ranging from
terrorist and criminal organizations on the dark side, to militant social
activists on the bright side--use network forms of organization, doctrine,
strategy, and technology attuned to the information age. The practice of netwar
is well ahead of theory, as both civil and uncivil society actors are
increasingly engaging in this new way of fighting. We suggest how the theory of
netwar may be improved by drawing on academic perspectives on networks,
especially those about organizational network analysis. As for practice,
strategists and policymakers in Washington and elsewhere have begun to discern
the dark side of the network phenomenon--especially in the wake of the "attack
on America" perpetrated apparently by Osama bin Laden's terror network. But
they still have much work to do to begin harnessing the bright side, by
formulating strategies that will enable state and civil-society actors to work
together better."
If you are interested in this topic, THE books (free online pdfs)to read are:
Networks and Netwars:
The Future of Terror, Crime, and Militancy
John Arquilla, David Ronfeldt (editors)
Strategic Appraisal:
The Changing Role of Information in Warfare
Zalmay Khalilzad, John P. White, Andrew W. Marshall
In Athena's Camp:
Preparing for Conflict in the Information Age
John Arquilla and David Ronfeldt, editors
Hope that helps! ~F.
Say what you know, do what you must, come what may.

@_date: 2001-10-18 19:18:06
@_author: For those of you in the DC area... ~F. 
@_subject: Brookings Counterterrorism Briefing Friday 
(For those of you in the DC area... ~F.)
BROOKINGS COUNTERTERRORISM BRIEFING FRIDAY
Some of the topics to be addressed at this week's briefing include:
* Information warfare: How is the U.S. doing in this regard? Which
strategies will be effective? Which will not?
* An analysis of Secretary of State Powell's trip to Pakistan and India.
* The repercussions of continued U.S. military operations in Afghanistan
for South Asia.
* Brookings will release a new survey on the level of public confidence in
the government since September 11, 2001.
A Brookings Briefing
COUNTERING TERRORISM: DEVELOPMENTS AT HOME AND ABROAD
Friday, October 19, 2001
9:30 a.m. - 11:00 a.m.
The Brookings Institution
1775 Massachusetts Avenue, NW
Washington D.C.
JAMES B. STEINBERG (Moderator)
Vice President and Director, Foreign Policy Studies Program, The Brookings
Institution; former Deputy National Security Advisor
STEPHEN PHILIP COHEN
Senior Fellow, Foreign Policy Studies Program, The Brookings Institution;
former Member, Policy Planning Staff, U.S. Department of State and author
of The Pakistan Army
PAUL C. LIGHT
Vice President and Director, Governmental Studies Program, and the Douglas
Dillon Chair, The Brookings Institution; Director, Brookings Center for Public
Service; and Senior Advisor,Brookings Presidential Appointee Initiative
P.W. SINGER
John M. Olin Fellow, Foreign Policy Studies Program, The Brookings
Institution; A Brookings post-doctoral fellow currently working on information
In an on-going series of press briefings on America's campaign against
terrorism, Brookings scholars will discuss the role of information warfare
and the consequences of military operations in Afghanistan for South Asia.
At this briefing, Brookings will release a survey comparing public
attitudes toward the government and presidential appointees before and
after the September 11 attack. Topics to be discussed, among others,
* Are U.S. military operations in Afghanistan fueling anti-American
sentiment in Pakistan?
* What have been the results of Secretary Colin Powell's trip to Pakistan
and India?
* What role is information warfare playing in U.S. efforts to counter
terrorism and bin Laden's inflammatory statements?
* How successful are U.S. efforts to split the Taliban from the Afghan
* How have the public's attitudes toward the government and presidential
appointees changed since the terrorist attack?
Brookings experts will make brief presentations and answer questions.
RSVP: Please contact the Brookings Office of Communications by calling
202/797-6105, emailing communications
mailto:communications or visiting us online at
 ..
The Brookings Institution
1775 Massachusetts Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20036-2188

@_date: 2001-10-16 20:14:34
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: BBC report: Mata Hari "was framed"; possible new trial 
"Sacrificed": Leon Schirmann is convinced she was sacrificed by
the French authorities in a bid to whip up patriotic fervour..."
Mata Hari "was framed"
By Hugh Schofield in Paris
Tuesday, 16 October, 2001, 12:22 GMT 13:22 UK
The French Government is considering a request to re-open the case of Mata
Hari, the Dutch-born erotic dancer who charmed her way into European society
before being shot as a spy in World War I.
Two plaintiffs - Mata Hari's home town of Leeuwarden in the Netherlands and the
Mata Hari Foundation - have lodged an official plea at the Ministry of Justice
in Paris, asking for a review of her 1917 trial.
They say new evidence has come to light that shows she was convicted on trumped-
up charges. "We can show that the elements that led to her condemnation do not
hold together," said lawyer Thibault de Montbrial, who presented the suit.
"France would stand taller if it seriously re-examined its judicial history."
Erotic dancing
The story of Mata Hari-- born Margaretha Zelle in 1876-- has passed into modern-
day legend.
The daughter of a Dutch hat-seller and a Javanese mother, at the age of 19 she
married a Scottish captain, left him seven years later and then set out for
Paris to seek her fortune in the early years of the last century.
Her highly suggestive and near-naked dances took the "haut monde" by storm.
MI5 decided to keep tabs
"She didn't exactly dance; but she knew how to remove her clothes piece by
piece and move her long, proud, dusky body," wrote the French authoress
She became famous across Europe and took a succession of well-connected lovers,
but when World War I broke out she found herself stranded in Berlin. Her
theatrical triumphs were on hold, and the money began to dry up.
A year later, back in the Netherlands and bored, she was approached by German
intelligence, who believed she would have privileged access to top-level
circles in Paris, and asked to become a spy. She accepted and became Agent H21.
But she was never any good at it.
Mata Hari was not made to be a spy--she was simply a woman who liked to get
the most out of life--Campaigner Leon Schirmann
When she moved to Paris, the British and French secret services immediately
blew her cover, and in 1916 she swapped sides and agreed to work for the
French. They dispatched her to Madrid to seduce the German military attache
there, a Major Kelle.
It was he who brought about her execution.
Telegrams he sent back to Berlin-- which were intercepted by the French--
suggested that H21 was back working for the Germans. Mata Hari was arrested on
a train in February 1917, tried and shot by a firing squad outside Paris on 15
Nearly a century later painstaking research by a 92-year-old French resistance
veteran has given substance to the long-standing doubts about the conviction.
Leon Schirmann is convinced she was sacrificed by the French authorities in a
bid to whip up patriotic fervour.
"Mata Hari was not made to be a spy. They used her as part of an anti-German
propaganda campaign. She was simply a woman who liked to get the most out of
life, and she didn't realise that with the war everything changed," she said.
Digging through French, German and Dutch archives, Mr Schirmann has unearthed
two vital new elements.
First he claims he can show that the German military attache-- Major Kelle--
deliberately delivered Mata Hari to the French.
He knew that his telegram would be intercepted by the French, so he filled it
with incriminating information, implying that she was an extremely valuable
German source--even though intelligence reports from Berlin showed she was
almost useless.
Missing head
Second, Mr Schirmann says that officials from French counter-intelligence,
the "deuxieme bureau", lied under oath at her trial. They accused Mata Hari of
fabricating some of her testimony, even though they were well aware it was
Under French law for a "trial review" to succeed, important new pieces of
evidence need to be presented.
The Justice Ministry said Mata Hari's case would be "studied-- like any other."
After she was shot in the Bois de Vincennes, Mata Hari's head was removed and
for many years kept--along with those of other celebrity criminals-- in
Paris's museum of anatomy.
A year ago researchers were baffled to discover it had gone missing.

@_date: 2001-10-15 19:31:17
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: "Critical Infrastructures Will Remain Vulnerable; Neighborhoods 
Here's a link to an online paper from a CRIS Institute workshop, "Mitigating
the Vulnerability of Critical Infrastructures to Catastrophic Failures" held
Sept. 10-11, 2001. Don't know if this was actually presented because of the
ironic timing, but at least it's on the web now.
Brilliant, brilliant stuff!! It's not really fleshed out yet, but here's hoping
more people start working towards these kinds of solutions. Tremendously
Critical Infrastructures Will Remain Vulnerable:
Neighborhoods Must Fend For Themselves
Edward E. Balkovich and Robert H. Anderson
Power grids, telecommunications networks, and information services are three
strongly inter-dependent systems whose collective functioning is critical to
other infrastructures. All three are either unregulated, or in the process of
being deregulated. This has introduced at least one new failure mode in
addition to many other existing ones: bankruptcy.
We present a concept for restructuring the relationship between these three
critical systems, which we believe merits investigation. We propose using
emerging power generation technologies in telecommunications networks and
information services to augment power grids and/or provide neighborhood sources
of backup power. Critical "neighborhoods" should also assure that they have a
secondary, heterogeneous source of telecommunications.  These principles could
provide the foundation for more robust communications infrastructures and
information processing sites. We discuss the technology and market factors that
motivate this concept and some of the issues it raises.

@_date: 2001-10-15 18:35:41
@_author: Guided Bomb Unit 
@_subject: Ordnance 101: "Bunker Bombs Created In N.Y." 
For the confused... ~F.
Bunker Bombs Created In N.Y.
Watervliet Arsenal designed, manufactured the weapons that ended the Gulf War.
By Erik Kriss, Watervliet
The "bunker buster" bomb--the weapon that could doom terrorist mastermind Osama
bin Laden-- sits quietly on display here in a huge machining building in the
United State's oldest continuously active arsenal, just eight miles north of
the state Capitol.
The 5,000-pound, 20 foot-long cylinder of two-inch-thick olive-green gun metal
steel can penetrate bunkers more than 100 feet below the ground--the kind of
bunkers from which bin Laden, his al-Qaida network and ruling Taliban leaders
are believed to operate in Afghanistan. It was at the Watervliet Arsenal, owned
and operated by the U.S. government, that the bomb was conceived and its body casing designed and manufactured in 23 days.
That was a decade ago, when the enemy was Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein, who had
built a network of deep bunkers to escape American fire during the Gulf War.
The bunker bomb on display here is the only one left in Watervliet. The Air
Force shifted production elsewhere, officials said. The laser-guided, needle-shaped bomb, with an improved guidance system, is now made by Raytheon,
according to The Associated Press.
The U.S. Air Force has begun using the bomb, technically known as a GBU-28
(Guided Bomb Unit), in its efforts to destroy terrorist operations bunkers. The
Watervliet Arsenal, founded in 1813 in this blue-collar town where the Erie
Canal meets the Hudson River, proudly tells the story of its 1991 invention in
a seven-minute video at its museum, which is temporarily closed to the public.
The film shows how arsenal personnel employed a heating and cooling process to
extract steel from previously used self-propelled howitzers, then cut the steel
to the proper length.
"Engineering changes were literally phoned in while manufacturing was in
progress," the narrator says. They made 15 changes in all. It took 12 hours of
welding to attach the nickel-cobalt-steel "Super-Penetrator" warhead. C-130
cargo planes at nearby Stratton Air Force Base in Schenectady were revving
their engines to transport the weapons "while the first two bunker bombs were
still wet with paint." In late February 1991 two of the bombs were tested, one
dropped from a plane in the Nevada desert and one launched horizontally on
a "rocket sled" through a 22-foot concrete wall.
Officials say the air-dropped bomb burrowed beyond 100 feet, too deep for
special earth-moving equipment to extract. The sled-launched bomb, they said,
continued a half-mile after smashing through the wall before hitting the
ground. Five hours after arriving in Saudi Arabia Feb. 27, 1991, another bomb
was dropped into an Iraqi bunker that officials say was occupied by "senior
Iraqi military staff."
"Within 48 hours," the narrator declares, "the Iraqis agreed to a cease-fire."
It was Jan. 25, 1991, that arsenal officials got the call from Lockheed Missile
and Space Co. of San Jose, Calif., asking if the facility could make a "hard
core penetrator" using existing material.
The 2,000-pound bombs in use at the time weren't doing the job, officials said. The first two "bunker busters" were shipped Feb. 17. The bomb was built in
secret at the north end of the Watervliet Arsenal's Building 35, a finished
machining facility that resembles a giant airplane hangar.
John Swantek, who was then and still is the arsenal's director of public
information, said he didn't find out about the bomb's production until
afterward. The arsenal keeps one of the bombs on display for marketing
purposes, Swantek said.
"We thought we could get some business after the Gulf War," he said. "We have
folks come through and we show them this as one of the items we've made."

@_date: 2001-10-12 20:32:17
@_author: devaluation 
@_subject: OT: cypherpunks and cerebral narcisissm 
Something a certain someone recently wrote somehow reminds me...
I saw an interesting piece on findtutorials.com on narcissists and how to
spot them, and thought you might be interested. I'm sure you'll
recognize at least a few people you know who dwell in this unique and
fascinating personality-disorder shadowland... Unlike a lot of other
writings on the subject, this author differentiates a subcategory, "cerebral
narcissists" (i,e. those who derive their narcissistic supply from their
intelligence or academic achievements). Ooh, exciting! heh. The last two
paragraphs of the first excerpt are particularly interesting. Oh well, here
you go:
How to recognize a Narcissist before it is "too late"
...We are evidently looking for the more subtle, almost subliminal, signals
that a Narcissist emits. The psychotherapist would be looking for the "presenting symptoms".
One should look for the following:
"Haughty" Body Language--A physical posture implying and exuding an air of
superiority, seniority, hidden powers, mysteriousness, amused indifference etc.
Rarely will the Narcissist engage in eye contact and normally he will refrain
from bodily contact, physical proximity, or engaging in a discussion unless
from a state of condescension, faked "magnanimity and largesse". He will rarely
mingle socially and will prefer to adopt the stance of the "observer" or
the "lone wolf".
Entitlement Marks--The Narcissist will immediately ask for "special treatment"
of some kind. Not to wait for his turn, to have a longer or a shorter
therapeutic session, to talk directly to authority figures (and not to their
assistants or secretaries), to have special payment terms, custom tailored
arrangements, and so on. He will react with rage and indignantly if denied his
Idealization or Devaluation--The Narcissist will instantly idealize or devalue
the person opposite him, depending on his appraisal of the potential this
person has as a Narcissistic supply source. He will IMMEDIATELY flatter, adore,
admire and applaud that person in an embarrassingly exaggerated and profuse
manner-- or sulk, abuse and humiliate. In the second case (devaluation) he
might force himself to be polite (because of the presence of a potential supply
source). But this will be a barbed sort of politeness, which will rapidly
deteriorate and degenerate into verbal or other violent displays of abuse, rage
attacks, or cold detachment, totally out of the control of the Narcissist.
The "Membership" Posture-- The Narcissist will always try to "belong". Yet, at
the very same time, he will maintain his stance as an outsider. The Narcissist
will seek to be admired for his ability to integrate and ingratiate himself
without the efforts commensurate with such an undertaking. For instance: if he
talks to a psychologist, the Narcissist will make clear that he never studied
psychology and then proceed to use the most obscure professional jargon, in an
effort to prove that he mastered the discipline (i.e., that he is exceptionally
intelligent or introspective). In general, the Narcissist will always prefer
show-off to substance. One of the most effective methods of exposing a
Narcissist is by trying to go deeper and discuss substantial matters. The
Narcissist is shallow, a pond pretending to be an ocean. He likes to think of
himself as a Renaissance man, a Jack of all knowledge. A Narcissist will never
admit to ignorance IN ANY FIELD!
Bragging and False Autobiography  The Narcissist will brag. His speech will be
peppered with "I", "my", "myself", "mine" and other appropriating linguistic
structures. He will describe himself as intelligent, or rich, or modest, or
intuitive, or creative--but always excessively and extraordinarily so. One is
almost tempted to say, inhumanly so. His biography will sound implausibly rich
and complex. His achievements-- incommensurate with his age, education, or
recognition. His actual state will always appear evidently and demonstrably
incompatible with his claims. Very often, the Narcissist will lie or fantasize
in a manner very easy to discern.
Emotion-free Language--The Narcissist likes to talk about himself and only
about himself. He will be disinterested in what others have to tell him about
themselves. He might pretend to be interested--but this is only with a
potential source of supply and in order to obtain said supply. He will act
bored, disdainful, even angry, if he feels intrusion and abuse of his precious
time. In general, the Narcissist is a very impatient person, easily bored, with
strong attention deficits  unless and until he is the topic of discussion. One
can discuss all the aspects of the intimate life of a Narcissist, providing the
discourse is not "emotionally tinted". If asked to relate directly to his
emotions, he will, probably, intellectualize, rationalize, speak about himself
in the third body and in a detached "scientific" tone or write a short story
with a fictitious character in it, suspiciously autobiographical.
Seriousness and Sense of Intrusion and Coercion--The Narcissist is dead
serious about himself. He can possess a fabulous sense of humor, scathing and
cynical. But he will never appreciate the direction of this weapon at himself.
The Narcissist regards himself as being on a constant mission, whose importance
is cosmic and whose consequences are global. If a scientist--he is always in
the throes of revolutionizing science. If a journalist-- he is in the middle of
the greatest story ever. This self-misperception is not amenable to
lightheadedness or self-deprecation. The Narcissist is easily hurt and insulted
(Narcissist Hurt or Narcissistic Injury). Even the most innocuous remarks or
acts will be interpreted by him as belittling, intruding or coercive. His time
his more valuable than others"--therefore, it cannot be wasted on unimportant
matters such as social intercourse. Any suggestion to help, any advice or
concerned inquiry will be immediately interpreted as coercion. Any attempt to
set an agenda--as an intimidating act of enslavement. In this sense, the
Narcissist is both schizoid and paranoid.
These--the lack of empathy, the aloofness, the disdain and sense of
entitlement, the restricted application of his sense of humor, the unequal
treatment and paranoia--make the Narcissist a social misfit. The Narcissist is
able to provoke in his social milieu, in his casual acquaintances, even in his
psychotherapist, the strongest, most avid and furious hatred and revulsion. He
provokes violence, often not knowing why. He is perceived to be asocial at best
(often  antisocial). This, perhaps, is the strongest presenting symptom. One
feels ill at ease in the presence of a Narcissist  and rarely knows why. No
matter how charming, intelligent, thought provoking, outgoing, easy going and
social the Narcissist is  he will forever fail to secure the sympathy of his
fellow humans, a sympathy he is never ready, willing, or able to grant them in
the first place.
From Chapter 17, Advanced, answering "how do narcissists react to criticism?"
The narcissist relates to his human environment through his unresolved
conflicts. It is the energy of the tension thus created that sustains him.
He is a person driven by the imminent danger of eruption, by the unsettling
prospect of losing the precarious balance that you mention. It is a tightrope
act. The narcissist must remain alert and on-edge. Only if the conflict is
fresh in his mind can he attain such levels of mental arousal.
Periodically interacting with the objects of his conflicts, sustains the inner
turmoil, keeps the narcissist on his toes, endows him with the feeling that he
is alive.
Thus, the narcissist perceives every disagreement--let alone criticism--as
nothing short of a THREAT. He reacts defensively. He becomes indignant,
aggressive and cold. He detaches emotionally for fear of yet another
(narcissistic) injury. He devalues the person who made the disparaging remark.
By holding the critic in contempt, by diminishing the stature of the discordant
conversant--he minimizes the impact on himself of the disagreement or
criticism. Like a trapped animal, the narcissist is forever on the lookout: was
this remark meant to demean him? was this sentence a deliberate attack?
Gradually, his mind turns into a chaotic battlefield of paranoia and ideas of
reference until he loses touch with reality as we know it and retreats to his
own world of fantasized grandiosity.
When the disagreement or criticism or disapproval or approbation are PUBLIC,
though--the narcissist would tend to regard them as Narcissistic Supply! Only
when they are expressed in private, with no audience in sight--does the
narcissist rage against them.
The cerebral narcissist is competitive and intolerant of criticism or
disagreement. To him, subjugation and subordination entail the establishment of
his undisputed intellectual superiority or professional authority over others.
Lowen has an excellent exposition of this "hidden or tacit competition". The
cerebral narcissist aspires to perfection. Thus, even the slightest and most
inconsequential challenge to his authority will be inflated by him to cosmic
proportions. Hence, the disproportionateness of his reactions.
For more, see the following tutorials:
Pathological Narcissism: Beginners, Intermediate, Advanced

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:00:22
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Spooks, Please. We're Academics 
October 15, 2001
Pg. 26
No Spooks, Please. We're Academics
By Jodie Morse
The best hope for finding and stopping Osama bin Laden, Donald Rumsfeld has
said, is "a scrap of information." But it remains to be seen whether government
officials would know how to translate that scrap. In the days following the
attacks, the FBI appealed to speakers of Arabic and Afghan languages to sign up
for its $ 27-to-$ 38-per-hour translator gigs. One reason for the shortage? The
dearth of top-notch, well-funded Arabic departments at U.S. colleges.
In the past year, the Defense Department has been quietly working with Congress
and universities to ease this language barrier. A solution gaining favor is the
creation of ROTC-style language academies at several campuses across the
country. In exchange for free instruction in Arabic and other languages key to
intelligence gathering, students would be required to serve in national-security jobs.
But the idea hasn't been welcomed on all fronts. The University of Michigan
declined an invitation last spring to participate in the fledgling Pentagon
program. "We didn't want our students to be known as spies in training," says
Carol Bardenstein, an assistant professor of Arabic language and culture at
Michigan. "By intertwining intelligence and academics, we'd essentially be
recruiting Arabs to later inform on members of their own community." The
advocates of the program will pitch Michigan again next month. Perhaps Sept. 11
will bring a change of heart.

@_date: 2001-10-09 21:21:05
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: White House appointment: Officer of Cyber-security 
Declan posted a politech link to a piece by Wayne Madsen:
NOT TRUE. This is abysmally shitty journalism. Here's what the article actually
"Israel has warded off dozens of cyber-attacks on its government and
corporations since the Palestinian uprising began last year, blazing a trail
that could help the United States develop defenses for future electronic
conflicts, terrorism experts and Israeli officials say."
 Terrorism experts from RAND and from iDefense, an Alexandria firm
advising the U.S. government and industry, say Israel's experience in beating
off cyber-attacks will likely serve to protect American government and
industry against similar attacks.
"If the United States came to become involved in activity in the region
which generates a significant level of outrage in the Muslim community, there
is a distinct possibility that U.S. government and commercial organizations
will face cyber attacks much like those hitting Israel today," said the
iDefense report.
In other words, we can learn something from what's happening in Israel and
apply it to our own context and subsequent analysis. "RAND urging to adopt the
same defenses" my ASS. Which defenses, when? Under what circumstances? Which
specific RAND study, which researcher? How do you derive this so-called RAND
position from a few unrelated sentences by Bruce Hoffman? Did he even read the
iDefense report, or is he just content to misrepresent the Washington Times
piece? One wonders.
In sum, where's the proof? Looks like he made it up wholesale because it
suited his point to say so. But then, smug fifth-rate hacks who lack basic
reading comprehension skills are prone to these sort of overblown whiny smears
to score easy brownie points with the peanut gallery. Talk about not caring
about the truth! Disingenuous scaremongering.
Either that, or he's absolutely rock-bottom fucking retarded.
Zero respect.
Say what you know, do what you must, come what may.

@_date: 2001-10-08 18:52:24
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: FWD: Nation weighing value of security vs. privacy; An edgy 
More of the same, from businessmen this time, not bureaucrats. A telling pulled
quote: "I kind of feel like if the FBI wants to follow me around, God bless
them. I've got nothing to hide."
If ye love wealth better than liberty, the tranquility of
servitude than the animating contest of freedom, go from us in peace.
We ask not your counsels or arms. Crouch down and lick the hands which
feed you. May your chains sit lightly upon you, and may posterity
forget that ye were our countrymen!" --Samuel Adams
The Dallas Morning News
Nation weighing value of security vs. privacy; An edgy America struggles with
technology's role
ALAN GOLDSTEIN and VIKAS BAJAJ BODY:
But there will be no high-tech silver bullet this time, according to the panel
of business and academic experts that convened Tuesday in a special session to
discuss technology's role in the crisis.
The panel was asked about proposed measures in which airlines could use
electronic wizardry to search aggressively for high-risk passengers, culling
through myriad databases from both corporations and law enforcement agencies.
Security personnel at airports and other high-profile public places would have
access to powerful databases brimming with sensitive personal information. FBI
records, individual addresses and travel patterns could all be incorporated
into the system to help raise red flags.
Credit card records could be a particularly illuminating indicator of
suspicious behavior, said Tom Klein, president of Fort Worth-based Sabre
Holdings Corp.'s airline reservations and emerging businesses units. "It is
much broader than how I booked a flight. There are things that will make lots
of people uncomfortable. But there are people who say that's where we need to
The public may be more willing to give up some measure of privacy in exchange
for security, said Matt Yarbrough, a former federal prosecutor.
The FBI's Carnivore system for monitoring e-mail traffic over the Internet
stirred a huge controversy last year, said Mr. Yarbrough, who heads the
cyberlaw group in the Dallas office of Fish & Richardson PC. "For some reason,
everyone was upset about Carnivore a few months ago. Today, you could probably
get it through in a heartbeat."
Personal privacy
One member of the board said he was willing to subject himself to such scrutiny
if it helped make the country more secure.
"I kind of feel like if the FBI wants to follow me around, God bless them. I've
got nothing to hide," said Guy Hoffman, a Dallas-based partner at TL Ventures,
a venture capital firm.
But the majority shot back that such systems, perhaps tied to some form of
national identity card, could do more harm than good.
"You don't know enough about the FBI," said Anne K. Bingaman, chairwoman and
chief executive of Valor Telecommunications LLC in Irving.
The agency has had a long history of abusing authority through violations of
personal privacy, said Ms. Bingaman, a former antitrust chief with the U.S.
Department of Justice.
"It's one thing to have a card that says who you are. I don't think people
object to that. It's what the driver's license is," she said. "But tying it to
a database that has all kinds of information that is ostensibly for terrorism
but is accessible to thousands of law enforcement people permanently - we have
some pretty good reasons to feel threatened by that."
Constitutional issues
Americans' guarantees of civil liberties were put in place to protect
individuals from an invasive government, said Hasan Pirkul, dean of the
management school at the University of Texas at Dallas.
"The Constitution has not become obsolete because of a terrorist attack," he
Another threat to the public comes from unauthorized access to the database.
From mischievous teenagers across the planet to sophisticated organized crime
rings, computer hackers have breached systems that had once been considered
"I don't trust the hackers. Those guys can get into anything. Anything we design, they can break," said Mr. Shank of Ericsson.
Board members also worried that flawed data could wreak havoc on people's lives.
"Mistakes happen," said Laura Rippy, chief executive of Handango Inc. in Hurst,
which sells handheld and wireless equipment. "What if they mistake you for
someone and you're sitting in jail for a week?"
Physical security procedures may prove a better solution for reducing terrorism
than their high-tech counterparts, board members agreed.
"I still think - the low-tech thing - lock pilots in the cockpit if we're
worried about airplanes being used as bombs again," Ms. Bingaman said. "To me,
that's far more fail-safe than any of this identification or screening or the
rest of it."
High-tech screening wouldn't prevent an attack such as the Oklahoma City
bombing in 1995, board members said, because the tools were rudimentary and
authorities weren't seeking the plotters.
Technology isn't just defensive, said board member Shiek Shah. Surveillance
tools and advanced weaponry can "exterminate the breeding grounds of
terrorism," said Mr. Shah, co-chief executive of Akili, a Dallas firm that
integrates software and other technology for corporate customers.
"I agree, eradicate them, but part of the eradication is to wipe out the
breeding grounds in positive ways," said Leon Kappelman, director of the
Information Systems Research Center at the University of North Texas in Denton.
Evaluating the impact of the attacks on the telecommunications and computing
infrastructure of Wall Street, board members concluded that systems held up
relatively well.
Dr. Kappelman, a leading expert in the Year 2000 computer problem, said the
financial services industry's preparations for the millennium bug helped get
the markets running again. "A big part of Y2K, especially in those businesses,
as dealing with disaster recovery and business continuity," he said.
"Having those things in place made it very much possible to deal with this
The attacks should encourage businesses and governments to rethink their
technological vulnerabilities, said John Breen, vice president of consulting
services at SBC DataComm Inc., a division of SBC Communications Inc. of San
"Assess what you have learned over the last three weeks," Mr. Breen said.
"Analyze whether it's for your business or for your personal life, and then
act," he said. "As Americans, we act. And we need to act as best we can to try
and address these failures."
Technology will probably be just a piece of a broader response, board members
"Maybe we looked at technology as the answer," Mr. Hoffman said. "Today we
recognize that technology is only part of the solution."
Coming Monday: The tech industry's new challenges.
First of two parts.

@_date: 2001-10-07 01:54:29
@_author: nobility 
@_subject: Re: OT: Could you survive? advanced survival skills test 
For one, somebody who wants to boost their odds of not being found by deciding
to opt for a 100% randomization of their "bug out" location. I got the idea from
Thomas Schelling, actually: don't remember the piece but "Strategy of
Conflict" ought to be a good place to start. ha. Work through the math of it
and it makes fiendishly good sense. Not so practical for escaping a terrorist
attack, but it could prove really useful in other circumstances I'm sure you
can imagine.
Anyway, wouldn't you enjoy knowing you had a better chance of making it no
matter what kind of environment you found yourself in? If you had no money, no
food--rock-bottom flat on your ass in the middle of nowhere--that you could
still manage to have resources within yourself to pull through? I find that
infinitely appealing. Diogenes had it right all along...you can quote Nietzsche
and Ayn Rand as much as you please but the Stoics and Cynics still have a lot
to offer. Even further off topic, here's a passage from
 you might find interesting:
After Plato and Aristotle, the concerns of the philosophers moved further and
further from metaphysics, epistemology, and anything resembling modern
science, to the issue that had always concerned the ancient Greeks the most --
ethics.  What is it to be virtuous, to have character, to live the good life,
to have "arete" (nobility)?
Antisthenes (445-365) was the son of an Athenian citizen and a Thracian slave
girl.  After starting his own school, he came to recognize that Socrates was
wiser than he.  He went over, students and all, to learn from the master.
Antisthenes is the founder of cynicism.  Cynic comes from the Greek word for
dog, originally because Antisthenes taught at the Cynosarges (Dogfish)
gymnasium, which had been set up for the poor of Athens.
Cynicism involves living the simple life in order that the soul can be set
free. It is a back to nature type of philosophy, ala St. Francis of Assisi.
By eliminating ones needs and possessions, one can better concentrate on the
life of philosophy.
Cynicism makes virtue the only good, the only true happiness.  You cant
control the world and lifes ups and downs, so control yourself!  Inhibit
your desires!  become independent of the world!...Rejecting civilization, cynics
tended to withdraw from society, even to live in the desert.  In this, they may
have influenced early Jewish and Christian monastics.
Cynicism wasnt entirely negative (from todays values perspective):  They
strongly encouraged individualism, believed that all men were brothers, were
against war and slavery, and believed in free speech.  They also believed in free love and the legitimacy of suicide!
The most famous of the cynics was Diogenes (412-323), a student of
Antisthenes.  He saw himself as a citizen of the world ("cosmopolitan").  There
is a famous story that has Alexander the Great finding him sleeping in the sun
and announcing "I am Alexander the great king!"  Diogenes replied "I am
Diogenes the dog!"  Alexander asked if there was anything he could do for him.
Diogenes just asked him to move out of the sun.

@_date: 2001-10-01 18:10:20
@_author: I know this reads like a bad troll, but thought you'd want to see it anyway... 
@_subject: \"Trust In Government Surges During Crisis\" 
(I know this reads like a bad troll, but thought you'd want to see it anyway...)
Washington Post
September 30, 2001
Federal Diary
Trust In Government Surges During Crisis; Challenge Is To Keep It From Ebbing
By Stephen Barr
The liberals trust the government. The conservatives trust the government.
Equal proportions of men and women trust the government.
The results of a Washington Post poll published yesterday are stunning.
The poll found that 64 percent of Americans trusted the federal government
nearly always or most of the time to "do what is right," more than double the
percentage who said they trusted the government in April 2000.
The support cuts across ideological, racial, financial and geographic lines,
reflecting broad support for the federal government, according to the data
compiled by Richard Morin, director of Washington Post polling, and Claudia
Deane, assistant director.
Clearly, the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 played a pivotal role in shaping how
Americans view the government. Ninety percent support taking military action
against groups or nations responsible for the attacks, according to the poll. A
whopping 82 percent said they favored having the federal government take over
security screening at U.S. airports.
The poll breaks what had been a three-decade span of surveys showing that
roughly one-third of Americans felt they could trust in government. In the
early 1960s, University of Michigan polls found that more than seven in 10
Americans expressed confidence in the federal government. The proportion
dropped below 50 percent after 1972 and spiraled downward through the decades
of Vietnam, Watergate and political scandals.
Today, the Post poll found, 69 percent of conservatives, 64 percent of
moderates and 62 percent of liberals say they trust the government always or
most of the time.
People identifying themselves by political party also trust the government more
than before. In April 2000, only 25 percent of Republicans said they trusted
the government always or most of the time. Today, it's 73 percent. That's 12
percentage points higher than Democrats, who historically put more faith in
government programs.
The turnaround is equally impressive among independent voters. Only 27 percent
of independents trusted the government last year; now, 62 percent say they do.
The poll found that 64 percent of men and 64 percent of women expressed confidence in the federal government. Residents of the South (67 percent) and
the East (66 percent) showed slightly more trust than people in the West (61
percent) and the Midwest (62 percent).
Young people trusted the government slightly more than baby boomers, according
to the poll. Sixty-eight percent of the people in the 18-to-30 age range said
they trusted the government; 62 percent of those 31 to 44 expressed confidence;
and 63 percent of people older than 45 said they trusted the government.
When measured by income, the changes in trust are dramatic. In April 2000, only
31 percent of respondents earning $50,000 or more trusted the government; now
it's 69 percent. Last year, only 28 percent of people earning $30,000 to
$50,000 expressed trust, while 67 percent do now.
A total of 1,215 randomly selected adults were interviewed Sept. 25-27 for the
poll. The margin of error is plus or minus three percentage points.
The positive feelings about government from Republicans and other conservatives
probably spring from their staunch support of President Bush, a Republican.
But other institutions -- Congress, the military, the FBI -- received equally
impressive approval ratings in recent Gallup polls. Even federal employees are
getting high approval ratings. A recent survey by the Presidential Appointee
Initiative, a Brookings Institution project, found that 69 percent of Americans
held favorable opinions of government workers.
Numerous analysts of poll numbers think this tidal wave of trust in the
government will recede when the crisis fades. But it doesn't have to slip away.
That's the long-haul challenge facing Bush, members of Congress and federal employees.

@_date: 2001-10-01 11:48:10
@_author: NET Guard 
@_subject: National Emergency Technology Guard (NET Guard) proposal 
Senator Wyden chairs the Senate Commerce Subcommittee on Science,
     "I am interested in discussing with the Senate a proposition that I
     think is important in light of the tragic events that unfolded on
     September 11, 2001. As all of us understand now, the communications
     infrastructure of New York, Washington, DC, and indeed the whole
     country, was severely challenged.
     "Wireless telephone networks were severely overloaded and crashed.
     Wireless Internet access was suspended. Telephone lines were cut, and
     communications, for people literally in communities around the East
     Coast of the United States, came to a standstill. Even the immediate
     communication needs of rescue workers, victims, families and aid
     groups were a struggle to coordinate. Survivors often could not let
     family members know they were safe. Families of victims had no
     immediate central clearinghouse to find information or file missing
     persons reports.
     "Hospitals were inundated with searches, requests for help and offers
     of aid, but no way to match them to each other. Even some of our
     nation's premier aid organizations, who have done such a marvelous job
     helping rescue workers, survivors and victims' families, faced
     immediate and severe challenges with respect to information technology
     infrastructure. The New York Times drew a conclusion that I strongly
     agree with: There need to be new ways to set up emergency information
     systems.
     "That's what I'd like to propose. What this country needs is
     essentially a technology equivalent of the National Guard: a National
     Emergency Technology Guard - NET Guard - that in times of crisis would
     be in a position to mobilize our nation's information technology, or
     IT, community to action quickly, just as the National Guard is ready
     to move during emergencies.
     "In our leading technology companies in this nation, there are the
     brains and the equipment to put in place this NET Guard, that could be
     deployed across this country when we face tragedies like we saw in New
     York City. A national volunteer organization of trained and
     well-coordinated units of IT professionals from our leading technology
     companies ought to be in a position to stand ready with designated
     computer equipment, satellite dishes, wireless communicators and other
     equipment to quickly recreate and repair compromised communications
     and technology infrastructures.
     "With Congressional support, the leaders of our nation's technology
     companies could organize themselves, their employees, and their
     resources for this purpose. Medium and small-sized businesses would be
     able to contribute once a national framework was put in place. The
     resources from the federal level need not be extensive; people could
     be designated from existing human resource pools at major and medium
     sized firms and these IT professionals would be trained to perform
     specific tasks in the event of an emergency.
     "I intend to use the Subcommittee that I chair to initiate a dialogue
     among Congressional, corporate, military and non-profit leaders to
     begin a new effort to mobilize information technology in times of
     crisis. As we seek to prevent future disasters, I believe the
     technology professionals of this nation, like most Americans, want to
     use their skills, their equipment, and their talents to this call and
     do their part. I propose we give leading information technology
     professionals a chance to use their ingenuity and creativity to insure
     greater safety and stability for our communities and our citizens in
     the coming days."
 ---

@_date: 2001-10-04 12:47:22
@_author: R 
@_subject: RAND/Pentagon congressional advisory body to create subpanel on 
EXCELLENT PULLED QUOTE which proves why civil libertarians shouldn't give up on
contributing to the public policy process just yet:
"For the third report, commissioners are mulling a proposal to establish
a subpanel on civil liberties. Already the commission has set up subpanels for
detailed research on border security, using the military to fight terrorism,
cyber-security, medical and health issues, and the concerns of local responders
to man-made disasters.
"We've obviously interwoven civil liberties throughout all of our
discussions," Wermuth said. "The suggestion on the table is
should we now have a group that gets together and looks across the broad
spectrum of things that we've already recommended -- but more importantly,
perhaps, some of the things that are being considered by the [Bush]
administration and Congress as a result of what happened on Sept. 11 -- to
comment on those specifically from a civil liberties standpoint."
AMEN! Hooray! Hell yeah!!!
A little good news at last... :)
Here's the whole article:
Inside the Pentagon
Complete report due in December
       GILMORE COMMISSION TO RELEASE KEY RECOMMENDATIONS WITHIN WEEKS
The high-profile Gilmore Commission, a congressionally mandated study
group on terrorism, will release advanced copies this month of findings and
recommendations that the group plans to include in its December report to the
president and lawmakers.
The information will be collected in a document panel members are
calling an "advanced executive summary." All the conclusions and
recommendations adopted by the panel in late August meetings were re-examined
after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the Pentagon and the World Trade
Center. The group met Sept. 24 at RAND's offices in Arlington, VA, and
decided to release some of its recommendations early to help inform
public debate about how the United States should prepare
for possible future attacks. RAND staffers support the commission's work.
"In our meeting earlier this week, we went back through those [already
approved conclusions and recommendations] to see which of them were still
material, and . . . they all were," Michael Wermuth, RAND project director for
the commission, told Inside the Pentagon in a Sept. 27 interview. "With very
little modification, they will become the essential recommendations in
[this December's] report, but we'll try to publish that list" with some
explanation and background on specific recommendations and findings, he added.
The commission, formally called the Advisory Panel to Assess Domestic
Response Capabilities for Terrorism Involving Weapons of Mass Destruction,
was established under the fiscal year 1999 Defense Authorization Act. Its
chairman is Virginia Gov. James Gilmore (R), and panel members include former
 State Department counterterrorism official Paul Bremer, former Army Secretary
John Marsh, as well as a number of state and local emergency officials.
Rep. Curt Weldon (R-PA), who at the time headed the House Armed Services
research and development subcommittee, called for creating the commission to
examine how the federal government interacts with state and local officials in
preparing for terrorist attacks.
To date, the group has produced two reports and is scheduled to produce
the third in December.
The first report, released in December 1999, assessed the terrorist
threat facing the United States and called for a national
strategy to address it, as well as better cooperation between federal
and state antiterrorism officials (ITP, Dec. 23, 1999, p6).
The second report, released last December, recommended establishing a
"National Office for Combating Terrorism" in the executive office of the
president to plan and synchronize antiterrorism initiatives (ITP, Dec. 14,
2000, p14).
This December's report is scheduled to be the group's final undertaking.
However, the House recently approved an amendment to the FY-02 defense
authorization bill that would extend the life of the commission for another
two years (ITP, Sept. 20, p15). The Senate this week approved its defense
authorization bill without a similar provision, setting it up as a conference
 issue.
In another recent development, President Bush has decided to create a
White House Office of Homeland Security (ITP, Sept. 27, p18). The office will
be headed by Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge (R), who will resign as governor this
week to take on the new job.
The Gilmore Commission's National Office for Combating Terrorism is the
inspiration and, in some respects, the model for the new White House homeland
security coordinating entity, several sources said this week.
"It may not turn out to be what we proposed in every detail, and not all
the details are available yet," but the new White House office resembles the
Gilmore Commission model, Wermuth said.
"They have some policy decisions" still to make on how the new office
will function, he added.
One critical area that needs to be addressed is research and development
for antiterrorism efforts, according to Wermuth. In its second report, the
Gilmore panel recommended that the National Office for Combating Terrorism
establish priorities for R&D programs related to the terrorist fight. In
addition, the NOCT should focus on the antiterrorism programs and budgets
related to domestic preparedness efforts, intelligence gathering, and health
and medical services.
"I really believe R&D and other essential points will be included in the
kind of structure [the White House] sets up," Wermuth said. "I am convinced
that they already know they have to get their hands around R&D because
everybody's out doing their own thing -- all well-intentioned, but there's no
The RAND official also talked about a number of issues to be covered by
the commission's advanced executive summary and third report. Earlier this
year, commissioners said they plan to focus on the following topics in the
December document: border security, using the military for combating terrorism,
cyber-security and engaging the public and private medical communities to
prepare for terrorist attacks using weapons of mass destruction (ITP,
April 19, p1).
The advanced executive summary could include more than 30 recommendations on
those subjects, Wermuth said.
Results from the commission's national survey of first-responders on how
the federal government is doing when it comes to supporting state and local
entities in the terrorist fight is still scheduled to be published in December.
But the advanced executive summary will include "the top five things that
survey provided to us in terms of information," the project director said.
For the third report, commissioners are mulling a proposal to establish
a subpanel on civil liberties. Already the commission has set up subpanels for
detailed research on border security, using the military to fight terrorism,
cyber-security, medical and health issues, and the concerns of local responders
to man-made disasters.
"We've obviously interwoven civil liberties throughout all of our
discussions," Wermuth said. "The suggestion on the table is
should we now have a group that gets together and looks across the broad
spectrum of things that we've already recommended -- but more importantly,
perhaps, some of the things that are being considered by the [Bush]
administration and Congress as a result of what happened on Sept. 11 -- to
comment on those specifically from a civil liberties standpoint."
Another proposal raised at the Sept. 24 panel meeting involves the expansion of
the group's focus to include terrorist strikes on various modes of
"The panel concluded we didn't have anywhere near enough research in
that area for this third report, and if, in fact, we are extended -- which now
looks more likely -- we'll take that under consideration in the next round,"
Wermuth said.
The advanced executive summary will also cover critical infrastructure
The commission will recommend placing state and local government
representatives on a new interagency Critical Infrastructure Protection and
Continuity Board, which is expected to be set up by executive order.
According to a draft copy of the executive order ITP obtained earlier
this year, the board would be headed by a new White House cyber-security chief
and would include officials from the Defense, State, Commerce, Justice, Energy,
 Treasury and Transportation departments, as well as the director of central
intelligence and the deputy director of the National Security
Agency (ITP, July 26, p17). The cyber-security chief would serve as the
administration's liaison with industry on issues under the board's purview.
"We believe any entity established to advise the president, or the president
and Congress, on issues involving critical infrastructure protection, [must] have representation from state and local governments," Wermuth said. And just
as importantly, he added, the board should include representation from private
"They own most of the systems; they have to be an
integral part of anything dealing with cyber-security."
At its recent meeting, the commission decided to change the name of the
third report's section on border security to immigration and border control.
"They decided to rename it because border security doesn't necessarily
indicate all the things that we think need to be addressed," according to
Wermuth. "Border security sounds like doing things at the border as people or
things are coming in. Immigration reform may very well have to do with people
who are dangerous and already here."
A concern is how to deal with people who come to the United States on visas and
overstay their time in the country. "There are not any good control mechanisms
to deal with that situation," the project director said. "For example, we don't
have an exit program. We don't know when or if people who are supposed to leave
for one reason or another actually have actually left.
"We've got to have an exit control program," he added. The Immigration
and Naturalization Service "knows that this is a problem," but lacks resources
to solve it. "That is a data-intensive effort, but let's face it, it needs to
be done. We don't need any more reminders that it needs to be done."
In addition to INS, the commission's recommendations on immigration and
border control will touch upon Coast Guard, Customs Service, Border Patrol and
Federal Aviation Administration activities.
Agencies that deal with border control must do a better job of sharing
intelligence information to interdict threats to the homeland, those associated
with the commission say.
"All of the various agencies that have border control responsibilities are not
currently in a wide-reaching, consolidated, information-sharing database
network. It's got to happen," Wermuth said.
"All of those agencies have pieces of information on the movement of
people and things," he added. "We have to figure out a way to consolidate all
that and sift through it to find out what all that data means."
By using information on people and goods moving across borders, and
comparing that information with other intelligence collected by the federal
government, a picture can be drawn about potential threats to the United
States, Wermuth said.
Therefore, federal border control entities must be recognized as "full
partners" in the overall intelligence community to the extent
that available intel information can support the government's homeland
security mission. -- Keith J. Costa
_source: Inside the Pentagon
_date: October 4, 2001
_issue: Vol. 17, No. 40
_title: GILMORE COMMISSION TO RELEASE KEY RECOMMENDATIONS WITHIN WEEKS
) Inside Washington Publishers

@_date: 2001-10-05 21:59:23
@_author: RAND conference proceedings, 2000, PDF 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax...coincidence? 
There's a great anthology of more technical essays previously published in JAMA
called "Biological Weapons: Limiting the Threat" (Joshua Ledford, BCSIA Studies
In International Security, MIT Press, 2000). I remember a particularly
interesting study someone did which compared potential death rates on an
unprotected target city versus one in which the population knew rudimentary bio-
civil defense procedures, (ie. masks and protective clothing at the ready,
sealing all windows and doors with duct tape, etc.) Huge difference.
Another great resource:
Bioterrorism: Homeland Defense Symposium: The Next Steps -- An Executive
Summary, ed. Maurice Eisenstein (RAND conference proceedings, 2000, PDF): Seeks
to identify the elements of an integrated homeland defense against
bioterrorism, identify critical gaps, and offer suggestions on how a relatively
cost-effective homeland defense program might be achieved.
And a word to everyone stocking up on antiboitics: don't forget to stockpile
gatorade or some other rehydrating solution! "Have a nice day" indeed...
"It may be that we shall by a process of sublime irony have reached a stage in
this story where safety will be the sturdy child of terror, and survival the
twin brother of annihilation."

@_date: 2001-10-05 21:20:47
@_author: Orange trash bag on white snow 
@_subject: OT: Could you survive? advanced survival skills test 
I know this is off-topic, but no matter what your academic training, there's no
substitute for knowing how to take care of yourself in a crisis. Anyone who is
seriously committed to the idea of individual personal responsibility probably
acquired these skills a long time ago, but frankly I can't think of a better
time to brush up than right now, so here's a start...
ADVANCED SURVIVAL TEST
So!  You think you know enough survival skills?  Well try this one!  This test
is intended as a challenge of survival knowledge to those whom express
the "human denial factor" towards learning survival knowledge.  Statements such
as "Ill never get lost"--"I already know that stuff"--"I could do that if I
had to" are mumblings due to over-confidence.  This attitude could cost you your
life.  Therefore, I have composed this test in hopes of creating an awakening
awareness that we are NOT naturally born with--survival skills knowledge--
it must be learned.
This test is designed on a global aspect and in conjunction with the "survival
pattern to maintain life." This is not intended to be an average test, nor a
fair test, as it does require survival knowledge with experience plus survival
sense.  The answers are what I consider exact and correct according to the
listed references and my experiences.  I understand there may be acceptable
variables to the answers.  Sorry, no easy multiple choice questions as we want
you to think this out.  Print out this test, gather up your pen and paper,
write out an answer and compare with ours.  Good luck!
1.  List 12 edible USA plants.
2.  List 8 edible tropical plants.
3.  What part of a "polar animal" should not be eaten and why not?
4.  Which "snack" would you select in a cold weather environment -- a snickers
candy bar or a can of sardines?
5.  What is an Australian yabby?
6.  List 6 traps/snares.
7.  Name 2 USA tree/plants used for fish poison.
1.  Explain the "fire triangle" required to produce fire.
2.  List 6 modern fire methods.
3.  List 3 primitive fire methods.
4.  List 4 primitive-tropical-jungle fire methods.
5.  List 8 modern fire aids.
6.  List 2 primitive fire aids.
7.  List 5 natural tinders.
1.  List 6 ways to purify water.
2.  How much water will a "desert solar still" produce in 1 day?
3.  List 3 tropical plants used to provide water.
4.  List 4 possible indications of a water source.
5.  Urine can be used as an emergency drinking water?  True or false?
1.  List 4 possible winter shelters which can be considered in a snow
2.  What is the most effective shelter in a snow environment?
3.  What is the suggested shelter to build in a tropical jungle environment?
4.  What are the key factors in constructing a shade shelter in a desert
5.  How is a snow shelter vented?
1.  In one word, explain what a signal is "in a natural environment".
2.  What natural signal method could be used during daylight in the Arctic
3.  Why is the screened viewing hole an important part of the signal mirror?
1.  What is the best method to stop the bleeding?
2.  Name the plant used by Native Americans for mosquito repellent.
3.  What plant is used as headache medicine?
4.  Should a person in a survival situation apply the cut & suck method for a
rattlesnake bite?
5.  What is an early indication of dehydration?
6.  List 5 tropical jungle plants used for medical purposes.
1.  List 10 uses of bamboo in a tropical-jungle environment.
2.  Why would a flashlight be considered a high priority item?
3.  What is the best tinder for the bamboo fire saw?
4.  List the required items/materials used in making a bow/drill fire set as to
produce fire.
5.  In a cold weather environment, the majority of heat is lost through what
area of the body?
6.  Name the simple-to-construct and use weapon preferred by Native Americans
in a desert area.
7.  List 3 excellent plants for making cordage.
SURVIVAL TRASH
1.  What could a large plastic soda bottle be used for in survival?
2.  A piece of rubber inner tube could be used in what skill area?
3.  What could an aluminum soda can be used for?
4.  A deer rifle cartridge would serve what use?
5.  A metal coat hanger in conjunction with one other item could be used for
what skill?
6.  What could a paper cup and small stones be used together for?
7.  What could a bird breast bone be used for?
 ***
This information, questions and answers are selected from two excellent
survival reference books:
1.  Camping and Wilderness Survival,  by Paul Tawrell.
2.  U.S. Air Force Survival Manual.
1.  Cattails, dandelion, watercress, yucca, acorns, nettles, burdock, onion,
cactus, mallow, milkweed, purslane.
2.  Bamboo, taro, breadfruit, papaya, palm, guava, santol, rattan.
3.  The liver of polar animals are extremely high in vitamin A -- a health
4.  Sardines will provide longer lasting heat for the body.  Candy is quick
5.  Crawfish/crawdads.
6.  Trigger four, Piute trigger, drag snare, pole run, Ojibwa bird snare,
treadle snare.
7.  Mullein leaves and green walnut husks.
1.  Oxygen, tinder/fuel, spark/friction.
2.  Flint & steel, magnesium/flint stick, battery and steel wool, magnifying
lens, chemicals, fire wire.
3.  Bow/drill, hand drill, pump drill.
4.  Bamboo fire saw, fire thong, fire plough, fire piston.
5.  Wax paper, glue, Vaseline, rubber, nylon spoon, cotton balls, candle,
popsicle sticks.
6.  Pine sap and pitch pine stick shavings.
7.  Dry grass, birch bark, inner cottonwood bark, pine needles, cattail fuzz.
1.  Boiling, filtering, household bleach, iodine, purification tablets,
2.  Not enough to survive!  The solar still is a waste of time, sweat and
3.  Taboy tree, rattan-water vine, banana tree.
4.  Greenery areas, insects/bees, animal trails, flying birds.
5.  False.  Never!
1.  Snow cave, fighters trench, quinzee, igloo.
2.  Snow cave.
3.  Sleeping platform with overhead cover.
4.  Digging below the ground surface and using two layers of material with an
5.  Make a 3 inch diameter hole at 45 degree angle from inside wall to outside,
plus a small opening near door snow block as to create air movement.
1.  Contrast!  (Orange trash bag on white snow)
2.  Shadows -- digging a trench, making a wall with the snow blocks.
3.  For sighting -- as it creates a fire like bright ball for aiming.
1.  Direct pressure bandage.
2.  Wild onion/garlic rubbed on skin.
3.  Willow bark (tea).
4.  Yes.  Although this method is not recommended in a regular situation -- a
person in a survival situation would have no other choice.
5.  Dark urine.
6.  Bamboo, papaya, coconut palm, emamale, calebetbet.
1.  Fire making, pressure cooker, cup, cook pot, canteen, knife, eating
utensils, shelter building, traps/snares, edible shoots.
2.  You would have night time signals, thereby extending your signaling
3.  Fuzz scraped from the backside of the saw.
4.  Socket, spindle, fire board, bow stick, string, tinder nest, ember tray.
5.  The head.  Approx. 75% goes out through your chimney.
6.  Rabbit stick for throwing.
7. Yucca, dogbane, milkweed.
SURVIVAL TRASH
1.  Container or construct into a funnel type trap for catching crayfish, minnows, etc.
2.  In fire making as a fire-aid.
3.  Container, a cooking utensil, making into a signal whistle.
4.  Gun powder can be used in fire making.
5.  (Youll have to attend our program for this answer).
6.  Heating water.
7.  Fish hook.
"Fire aids" are items which assist in burning.  Example -- petroleum jelly.
"Tinders" are small fuel materials which will catch a spark in the step towards
adding flame to create the actual final results of fire.  Example -- cotton

@_date: 2001-10-09 01:07:57
@_author: if that's possible 
@_subject: Re: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
I'm sure it depends on the product: I have a PUR Ultimate faucet-mount that has
a one-micron carbon filter that's supposed to remove "99.99%" of the
microbiological cysts cryptosporidium and giardia. Anthrax is supposedly 1-3
microns, but if they weaponize it to smaller than a micron (if that's possible)
it's coming through. Oh well, better than nothing.
According to the Airborne Pathogen Database,
 the optimum temperature
for anthrax spores is 37C, but can be destroyed if you get them to 140C for
three hours. Good luck, ha.
Speaking of sub-micron bacterial filters, check this out, if they have any left:
PUR also sells some awesome small independent units and desalinators.
Good luck!
The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedoms.

@_date: 2001-10-08 22:39:19
@_author: spores 
@_subject: Re: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
Interesting, but a little more data to move beyond the hype to what we really
have to worry about would be helpful. From the data below, looks like
purchasing your own chlorine and learning additional water purification
techniques is a small investment in time and money that might really pay off,
and sure beats solely relying on someone else to do it for you.
People focus so much on antibiotics and getting a mask--but it's the other
little things, like DEET, flea and tick powder for the yard, citronella
buckets, gatorade or other rehydration salts, etc. that will put you in a
better place for dealing with a wider variety of potential bioattacks. I
haven't seen a list anywhere, but if you do some reading, use common sense, and
think about it for five minutes it shouldn't be too difficult to come up with
your own.
Coleman's Surplus would be a good place to look for equipment: they still have
reasonably-priced NBC suits for sale too, last time I checked.
Adapted from Medical Issues Information paper No. IP-31-017, "Biological
Warfare Agents as Potable Water Threats," US Army Center for Health Promotion
and Preventive Medicine, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD, USA, March 1998:
Table 2. Threat potential of biological agents to drinking water
Agent Water                 threat      Stable in water
Bacillus anthracis          Yes         2 years (spores)
Brucella spp.               Probable    20-72 days
Clostridium perfringens     Probable    Common in sewage
Fancisella tularensis       Yes         Up to 90 days
Burkholderia mallei         Unlikely    Up to 30 days
Burkholderia psuedomallei   Unlikely    Unknown
Shigella spp.               Yes         2-3 days
Vibrio cholerae             Yes         Survives well
Salmonella spp.             Yes         8 days, fresh water
Yersina pestis              Yes         16 days
Coxiella burnetti           Possible    Unknown
Rickettsia spp.             Unlikely    Unknown
Chlamydia psittaci          Possible    18-24 hrs, seawater
Alphaviruses                Unlikely    Unknown
Filoviruses, arenvaviruses, Unlikely    Unknown
bunyaviruses, flaviviruses
Variola                     Possible    Unknown
Hepatitis A                 Yes         Unknown
Cryptosporiodium spp.       Yes         Stable weeks or more
Botulinum toxins            Yes         Stable
T-2 mycotoxins              Yes         Stable
Aflatoxin                   Yes         Probably stable
Ricin                       Yes         Unknown
Staph. Enterotoxins         Yes         Probably stable
Microcystins                Yes         Probably stable
Anatoxin A                  Probable    Inactivated in days
Tetrodotoxin                Yes         Unknown
Saxitoxin                   Yes         Stable
Ambient temperature, 1 ppm free available chlorine (FAC), 30 minutes, or as
Table 2. Threat potential of biological agents to drinking water
Agent                       Chlorine tolerance
Bacillus anthracis          Spores resistant
Brucella spp.               Unknown
Clostridium perfringens     Resistant
Fancisella tularensis       Inactivated 1 ppm-5 min
Burkholderia mallei         Unknown
Burkholderia psuedomallei   Unknown
Shigella spp.               Inactivated 0.05 ppm-10 min
Vibrio cholerae             Easily killed
Salmonella spp.             Inactivated
Yersina pestis              Unknown
Coxiella burnetti           Unknown
Rickettsia spp.             Unknown
Chlamydia psittaci          Unknown
Alphaviruses                Unknown
Filoviruses, arenvaviruses, Unknown
bunyaviruses, flaviviruses
Variola                     Unknown
Hepatitis A                 Inactivated 0.4 ppm-30 min
Cryptosporiodium spp.       Oocysts resistant-killed by 720 ppm for 10 min
Botulinum toxins            Inactivated 0.6 ppm-20 min
T-2 mycotoxins              Resistant
Aflatoxin                   Resistant
Ricin                       Resistant at 10 ppm
Staph. Enterotoxins         Unknown
Microcystins                Resistant at 100 ppm
Anatoxin A                  Unknown
Tetrodotoxin                Inactivated at 0.5 ppm
Saxitoxin                   Resistant at 10 ppm
Ambient temperature, 1 ppm free available chlorine (FAC), 30 minutes, or as

@_date: 2001-10-13 22:13:06
@_author: if I'm not mistaken 
@_subject: Re: bush wheels out the nukes 
Oh? It's not illegal to think about it. No treaty was ever written in stone: in
fact(if I'm not mistaken), since treaties always have an "overriding national
interest" escape clause, IMO it would be highly irresponsible NOT to be
thinking of avenues to eventually explore strategies beyond them.
But it's not just about nukes! Here's an excerpt which outlines the bigger
picture, from the conference report to accompany H.R. 4205:
SEC. 1044. REPORT ON THE DEFEAT OF HARDENED AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGETS.
(a) STUDY.--The Secretary of Defense shall, in conjunction with the Secretary
of Energy, conduct a study relating to the defeat of hardened and deeply buried
targets. Under the study, the Secretaries shall--
(1) review--
(A) the requirements of the United States to defeat hardened and deeply buried
targets and stockpiles of chemical and biological agents and related
capabilities; and
(B) current and future plans to meet those requirements;
(2) determine if those plans adequately address all such requirements;
(3) identify potential future hardened and deeply buried targets and other
related targets;
(4) determine what resources and research and development efforts are needed to
defeat the targets identified under paragraph (3) as well as other requirements
to defeat stockpiles of chemical and biological agents and related capabilities;
(5) assess both current and future options to defeat hardened and deeply buried
targets as well as concepts to defeat stockpiles of chemical and biological
agents and related capabilities; and
(6) determine the capability and cost of each option assessed under paragraph
What's the problem? I hardly see how figurehead politicians rubberstamping
funds for national security research can be held culpable for anything their
strategists and engineers may happen to think up. Personally, I think if
there's anything to really be nervous about, it's the classified R&D studies
you aren't hearing about. Oh well.
"Critics frequently refer to the icy rationality of the Hudson Institute, the
RAND Corporation and other such organizations. I'm always tempted to ask in
reply, 'Would you prefer a warm, human error? Do you feel better with a nice
emotional mistake?' We cannot expect good discussion of security problems if we
are going to label every attempt at detachment as callous, every attempt at
objectivity as immoral. Technical details are not the only important operative
facts. Human and moral factors...must never be missing from policies and public
discussion. But emotionalism and sentimentality, as opposed to morality and
concern, only confuse the debates. Nor can experts be expected to repeat, 'If,
heavean forbid...", before every sentence."

@_date: 2001-10-14 22:59:27
@_author: HEPA 
@_subject: Re: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
Whatever happened to simply not opening unexpected letters or packages?
If you think it might be a problem, maybe getting mail delivered to a drop and
discreetly popping on gloves and HEPA filter mask before you open your box
would be better than having it delivered to your house. I'm not particularly
worried, but having a mail drop box is just sound policy, privacy-wise.
Here's a bit on dealing with anthrax from the American Public Health
Association's Control of Communicable Diseases Manual:
3) Concurrent disinfection: Of discharges from lesions and articles soiled
therewith. Hypochlorite is sporicidal and good when organic matter is not
overwhelming and the item is not corrodable; hydrogen peroxide, peracetic acid
or glutaraldehyde may be alternatives; formaldehyde, ethylene oxide and cobalt
irradiation have been used. Spores require steam sterilization, autoclaving or
burning to ensure complete destruction. Fumigation and chemical disinfection
may be used for valuable equipment. Terminal cleaning.
4) Quarantine: None.
5) Immunization of contacts: None.
6) Investigation of contacts and source of infection: Search for history of
exposure to infected animals or animal products and trace to place of origin.
In a manufacturing plant, inspect for adequacy of preventive measures as
outlined in 9A, above. As mentioned in 9B1, a potential bioterrorist source may
need to be ruled out for all human cases of anthrax, especially for those cases
with no obvious occupational source of infection.
7) Specific treatment: Penicillin is the drug of choice for cutane-
ous anthrax and is given for 5-7 days. Tetracyclines, erythromycin and
chloramphenicol are also effective. The U.S. military recommends parenteral
ciprofloxacin or doxycycline for inhalational anthrax; the duration of therapy is not well defined.
8) Responders can be protected from anthrax spores by donning splash
protection, gloves and a full face respirator with high-efficiency particle
air (HEPA) filters (Level C) or self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA)
(Level B).
9) Persons who may have been exposed and are potentially contaminated should be
decontaminated with soap and copious amounts of water in a shower. Usually no
bleach solutions are required. A 1:10 dilution of household bleach (i.e., a
final hypochlorite concentration of 0.5%) should be used only if there is gross
contamination with the agent and an inability to remove the materials through
soap and water decontamination. The use of bleach decontamination is
recommended only after soap and water decontamination, and the solution should
be rinsed off after 10 to 15 minutes.
10) All persons who are to be decontaminated should remove their clothing and
personal effects and place all items in plastic bags, which should be labeled
clearly with the owners name, contact telephone number and inventory of the
bags contents. Personal items may be kept as evidence in a criminal trial or
returned to the owner if the threat is unsubstantiated.
11) If the suspect envelope or package associated with an anthrax threat
remains sealed (not opened), then first responders should not take any action
other than notifying the FBI and packaging the evidence. Quarantine,
evacuation, decontamination and chemoprophylaxis efforts are NOT indicated if
the envelope or package remains sealed. For incidents involving possibly
contaminated letters, the environment in direct contact with the letter or its
contents should be decontaminated with a 0.5% hypochlorite solution following a
crime scene investigation. Personal effects may be decontaminated similarly.
12) Technical assistance can be provided immediately by contacting the National
Response Center at 800-424-8802 or the local Weapons of Mass Destruction
Coordinator of the FBI.

@_date: 2001-10-18 19:40:21
@_author: SFTT.org 
@_subject: Expert Warns Coded Pictures Indicate Al Qaeda Planning Major 
DefenseWatch (SFTT.org)
October 17, 2001
Expert Warns Al Qaeda Planning Major Biological Attack
By Ed Offley
It is becoming clearer by the day that a month after the Sept. 11 aircraft
hijackings, a biological warfare attack is being launched against the United
States by as-yet unknown terrorists. The discovery of anthrax in letters mailed
to the office of Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle, NBC and ABC, following an
initial exposure at American Media International in Florida, betrays a cunning
and carefully organized intent-- particularly with the discovery that the
anthrax mailed to Daschles office has been found to be "weapons grade"
material that could indeed kill hundreds if not thousands of people if released
in a significant airborne plume.
Is this new phase terrorism merely a crude and ineffective ploy, or the
harbinger of even more serious danger to the nation? Nuclear physicist Robert
Koontz, who has researched and tracked the al Qaeda terrorist network for
several years, is warning that he has discovered evidence on the Internet that
Osama bin Laden may be planning a much larger biological warfare campaign--
using more than one form of germ agent-- and is using "coded" illustrations to
signal and direct additional sleeper agents purportedly already armed with
biological weapons.
Dr. Koontz has posted the coded paintings and other evidence at the following
Dr. Koontz revealed this disturbing information in an interview with
DefenseWatch, on Tuesday after what he described as a frustrating inability to
persuade federal officials to take the information seriously. The interview
transcript is reproduced in full below.
Interview with Dr. Robert Koontz
DefenseWatch: How did you first become aware of the art?
Let me begin by saying that I was following cyber-tracks of Ahmed Alghamdi, one
of the lesser known terrorists aboard flight No. 175 that crashed into the
South Tower of the World Trade Center.
In doing this detective work, I came across Alghamdis name posted on a fan
club that was started by a Bahraini pilot. So, I found the name Ahmed Alghamdi,
I found an e-mail address for Alghamdi, and I found the names and web sites of
numerous other people, many of whom had names of Middle Eastern origin. But
that in itself was not surprising given that the web site is a fan club for a
Middle Eastern singer.
Nevertheless, my initial (intuitive) reaction was that I might have come across
an al Qaeda communications node, and I now know that to be at least partly true.
Having decided that I might have come across an al Qaeda communications node, I
began looking at the web sites of all those who had posted their URLs on the
fan club web site. After carefully looking at a few of the posted web sites, I
noted that a man by the name of Muzaffar Wandawi identified himself as an Iraqi
living in Amsterdam. The fact that he stated that he is an Iraqi drew my
immediate attention, for it is well known that there is possible Iraqi
involvement in the terrorist attack of Sept. 11. But that was not taken to be
anything more than circumstantial.
DefenseWatch: Please describe how you became suspicious that the images
themselves might be the messages/instructions.
When examining this mans art, I found it to be disturbing, but I did not at
first think that it was suspicious--until I came upon the picture
labeled "Downfall." In that picture, Wandawi clearly showed two towers burning,
and there appeared to be a picture of the smoking Pentagon just to the right of
that image. Then there was a man riding on what appeared to be an Arabian
horse, and the man appeared to be dressed like a pilot, without his jacket on.
The haircut of the rider of the horse was also in the manner of a pilot. The
painting was dated 1988, which seemed to be rather early. But I have since
concluded that the painting might have been done in 1998.
In all events, I grew very suspicious of what I saw, for it is essentially
impossible for someone to create such a constellation of images of a terrorist
event in the future-- without having intimate knowledge of the attack plans. Then I set about filtering the data and came across an image of the White House
that was buried under some mild clouding. Next, with the filtering, I could see that the burning tower actually represented a large building that was
burning in almost exactly the way that the buildings burned at the World Trade
Center. At this time I was convinced that the artist was an Iraqi intelligence
agent or an agent of al Qaeda.
Later, I discovered more images that were clearly targeting information of a
specific nature. I have not published those yet; an expert in this type of
cryptography is working on the problem at this very time.
DefenseWatch: One of the illustrations shows Osama bin Laden next to a cartoon
character from Sesame Street. What significance does that image have?
The Sesame Street character that has appeared in a huge poster with Osama bin
Laden is significant in that it is yellow and has a mask-like quality. And one
can be certain that it was not placed on that huge poster by accident, as some people have stupidly suggested. It is a signal.
Since it is my assertion that the al Qaeda group is using yellow as a symbol in
association with biological weapons, which it has done elsewhere, I conclude
that the yellow Sesame Street character in the poster represents a signal that
relates to biological weapons. And, as one can clearly see, we are under a
biological attack at this very moment. But it is my opinion that the biological
attack that is happening now is "baby stuff."
DefenseWatch: What federal authorities or agencies have you attempted to
contact to warn of the potential threat from the art? Please describe the
reaction or lack of reaction to date. Do other private experts share your
assessment or is there disagreement?
I have attempted to communicate to the FBI on two occasions, sending e-mail to
four of their offices. There has been no reply, even though I am warning that
al Qaeda is planning an apocalyptic germ warfare attack.
I am waiting to hear from other experts.
DefenseWatch: How widespread is public awareness of this?
I have principally limited this information to Col. David Hackworth and certain
other trusted individuals. But I am beginning to release information to members
of the news media, by virtue of the fact that I feel that the FBI is not going
to take this seriously. It took them seven days to understand that we are under
an anthrax attack. And about 8,000 FBI computers are more than eight years old. Not every FBI office can even surf the Web. They are in the Dark Ages.
Regarding the certainty of the information, I can say with 100 percent
certainty that Muzaffar Wandawi had prior knowledge of the terrorist attack on
Sept. 11, and I can say with 100 percent certainty that he is intimately
involved with other planned acts of terrorism against the United States. These
include a planned attack on one of the most vital communications centers that
America has; an attack on the Main Building of the National Security Agency [at
Fort Meade, Md.]--inside of which is situated a communications center that
handles everything from presidential orders relating to use of nuclear weapons to some CIA and State Department traffic. It appears that perhaps 12 private
planes would attack the NSA main building when a certain signal is given. I
know what that signal is, and I know what conditions of defense alert we will
be in when the signal is given.
Let me conclude by saying that the evidence I have posted at my web site indicates that al Qaeda  in association with Iraqi intelligence  plans a biological attack that they hope will kill millions. I assume that this will occur with the use of exotic diseases, such as Ebola, but also smallpox and everything one could possibly find in a Russian bacteriological warfare laboratory. The information that I have indicates that the Russian mafia has sold these kind of bacteriological materials to bin Laden.
So, just as there was a group of 19 hijackers on Sept. 11, I assert that there is a group of maybe 20 germ warfare agents who will release the aforementioned types of diseases in the very near future, hoping to create epidemics that will kill millions. That is what the encrypted images at Wandawis web site suggest to me.
I urge that people go to the web page where I have placed this evidence and
examine the materials for themselves. The URL is:
People would also be well advised to visit my national security message board
that now has about 350 important postings. You can get to the message board through the following URL: Robert Koontz is an experimental nuclear physicist who earned his Ph.D. in 1980
at the University of Maryland. His specialties are experimental nuclear
physics and high-energy physics, but he is also an expert in certain areas of
electronics, computer systems, software development and matters relating to
electronic intelligence gathering. Koontz has been a Staff Scientist at the
Department of Energys Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory, a Professor of Physics at
the University of South Dakota, and formerly was an instructor at the National
Security Agency.He lives in Pennsylvania.

@_date: 2001-10-23 19:20:03
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks idiots list 
Posters to the cypherpunks list can be divided into those agitating on behalf
of the united states federal government and others. Isn't attempting to turn
people in a group against each other about the oldest trick in the book?
Hopelessly transparent. Back to the drawing board, eh?
Everyone here is perfectly capable of deciding who they find worth reading and
who they don't. I'll bet you'll have a hard time getting anyone to take this
kind of divisive playground squabbling seriously. But if it makes you feel
better to "get revenge" on people who somehow pissed you off, well, knock
yourself out. Harmless enough, though not exactly what most people would find a
fascinating and brilliant contribution to the forum. Here's a thought: quit
bitching about everyone else's lousy posts and start adding some serious value
of your own. If you're up to it, that is. Couldn't hurt to try!
All the resources of a superpower cannot isolate a man who hears the voice of
freedom, a voice I heard from the very chamber of my soul.
- -Anatoly B. Shcharansky
