
@_date: 2005-02-25 15:44:30
@_author: "Azeez SY" 
@_subject: Partnership Proposal. 
Dear Friend,
First, I must apologize if my mode of first contact is not acceptable  to  you and also solicit your
confidence in this transaction; this is by virtue of its nature as  being utterly private and top secret.
Though I know that a transaction of this magnitude will make anyone  apprehensive and worried, but I am assuring you that you do not have  anything to worry as I have perfected every arrangement with my colleague .  I decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction, as I am aware of the high sense of responsibility placed  on  you and believe in your discreetness and ability to handle transaction of this nature.
Let me start by introducing myself properly to you. I am MR.AZEEZ SY  (Chief Executive Officer) of Credit Mutuel Financial Consortium -Dakar Senegal .I came to know and  pick on you in my Private Search for a Reliable and Reputable Person to  handle this Confidential Transaction, which involves the appropriation  and transfer of certain amount of Money to a Foreign Account requiring
Maximum Confidence. I found your email and contact on the internet in  my reliable search for a partner that I will confide with on the great opputunity.
Please the objective of this letter is to first ascertain your sincerity after your perusal of this proposition, reason being I lost a lot of money through a similar transaction in the past being that a
trusted partner from Switerland disappeared into tiny air after I transaferred to his custody a huge amount of money.And I have learnt my lession. Please assure me of this in your reply.
THE PROPOSITION:
A Foreigner from Bahamas, Late Engr. Jeff LEON (Snr.) a precious stone (Diamond) Merchant with THE UNITA rebel movement of Angola, until his death early the year 2000, used our services as his fiduciary agent and account trustees and had a closing balance as at the end of September, 2000 worth US$5,500,000.00 (Five million Five hundred United States Dollars only), and secured through our Wahakila banking services, our firm now expects a next of kin as beneficiary. Valuable efforts are being made by this firm to get in touch with any of the Leon's Family or Relatives but to no success since then.
It is because of the perceived certainty of not being able to locate any of Late Engr. Jeff Leon(Snr.)'s relation(He had no wife or children that is known to us). The management under the influence of Our Chairman and few influencial members of the Board of directors, has instructed
that arrangement be made forthe fund to be declared "Unclaimed" and subsequently be donated to yet to be specified trust fund.I strongly believe the chairman might be up to something
funny with his group.
In order to avert this development that will not take care of my interest, one of my trusted colleague and I who are anticipating interest now seek your permission to have you stand as the next of kin to Late Engr. Jeff leon (Snr.) so that the fund US$5,500,000.00 will be released and
paid into your account as the beneficiary's next of kin. All documents and proofs to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out. We have secured from the probate an order of mandamus
suspending declaring the money as unclaimed with limited time to locate any of the deceased beneficiary's next of kin, and moreso we are assuring you that this business is 100% risk free involvement. Your share stays while the rest be for myself and my colleague for investment purposes under your management, according to the agreement we shall reach mutually.
As soon as we receive an acknowledgement of receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business proposal, we would furnish you with the options/modalities we have carefully perfected for you to choose from with our insider information depending on your convenience to accomplish the project and disbursement ratio to suit both parties without any conflict.
If this proposal is acceptable by you, please do not make undue advantage of the trust we are to bestow on you. I am expecting your reply.
Please,you can reply me directly to my alternate private E-mail with this account azeez_sy03
Best Regards,
Mr.Azeez SY
chief of operations
CREDIT MUTUEL DU SENEGAL
