
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:40:30
@_author: Johny Sarampo 
@_subject: Re: Aaron Swartz Was Right 
I must say. Aaron Swartz did not commit suicide. He was murdered
by science entrepreneurs. As if science would be an Industry.
But far away where the river spills into the ocean he
was drowned by all of those who make business with the paper
publishing industry community.
By all of those who measure performance by Paper Scoring/Impact
factors driven by an schizophrenic
rock star Hollywood tendency, just to get some sort of funding, mostly
from taxpayers money.
More outrageous is the current established scientific Mafia on paper
reviewing. People pay just for the reviewing process. And it's not
cheap. So those who should be promoting science are bottlenecking it
commercially for their own benefits.
Then among reviewers there is a status quo where if you wash my hands
I will wash yours not matter if the paper is good or bad. That's why
Lab's tend to recruit people with reviewing connections. I call it
scientific corruption.
I recall phrack, 2600 magazine and all zines where "explorer's" did
not give a fuck
about their name, or a pretended build up reputation, in name of
freedom, in name of sharing knowledge. I Bet know-one of those authors
intended to take personal credit, or financial benefits, from their
findings, neither their editors.
My personal belief is that alias or anonymous publishing free's up knowledge
because it's an act of giving, an act of love. While on the scientific
publishing community
we tend to see a career build up reputation based on who, what, where
and the ammount people write.
I recall the simplistic nature of those "explorer's" writing against
the current formalism
seen on scientific papers. Current formalism reveals a mechanic
standardization of knowledge communication in an attempt to exclude
those "less literate"  on such strict environments.
As Einstein more less said:
understand it".
And you see tons of makeover on currently accessible scientific papers.
I would like to make my homage on all those who published their findings
in "analogue ascii" without expecting nothing in return. More
important I would like to make my homage to Aaron Swartz. Someone who
was put on fire as in the time of inquisitors in the Digital Era.
I would like to remark a final note. It would be interesting to see if
there is some autopsy/forensic reports on Aaron Swartz death. I find
it difficult to acknowledge suicide from such a strong spirit person
as Aaron Swartz actions seem to reveal.
More said is that we're benefiting from this young soul. Someone who
should have lived more for everyones benefit.

@_date: 2014-01-07 01:25:53
@_author: Johny Sarampo 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Actually you don't need on-the ground "tempest" vans.
I've noticed these strange micro-cells deployed in telephone poles,
normally connected to fiber or PSTN networks. Officialy they are used
to extend mobile communications range, but I've seen alot nearby
giant cell antennas. Can these be used for other purposes? what type
of frequencies can these type of equipment suck/spit?. Could these be
used for such seamless surveillance strategy? One thing I know.
These are high-powered antennas connected to fiber/pstn networks. Attached
are fotos of such equipment. Microcell2.jpg is such an example.
is a closeup of what seems to be some kind of switch connected to the antenna.
What do you think these could be?
Maybe we should pay more attention to our telephone poles.
Just a thought.
Content-Disposition: attachment; filename="microcell2.JPG"
