
@_date: 2001-09-21 20:03:51
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PHIL ZIMMERMANN 
Sandy can you make sure you post Phils response here.  Thanks in advance.

@_date: 2001-09-20 18:38:17
@_author: spanish 
@_subject: Re: Online Dictionary - Spanish/English - "mata" <> "kill" 
Like I told you in english - it's a slang term and only those using the
language would know that ;-).
I'm still baffeled as to which dictionary you used to associate mata
(spanish) with plants ?-)

@_date: 2001-09-20 05:46:22
@_author: s 
@_subject: RE: Text of "Mobilization Against Terrorism Act" now online 
mata means to kill in spanish and portugese.  your playing around here
with word tenses.  and matar does in no way mean murder.  it does mean
to kill, or to slay.  mata is not an acceptable word usuage in spanish with respect to the process of killing or slaying - it is however in
common usage.  In both languages it is considered a slang term when used
alone.  it can mean murderer or assasine when used as a noun -
i.e. matador.
now i have no idea where you are coming from in your claims that mata has
anything to do with plants.  i suspect many portions of the old spanish
empire may have mutated their language usage where mata has some reference
to plants - but i doubt it.
I think what you are doing here is confusing spanish with portuguese.  In
portuguese mata can in fact refer to a forest, woods or a jungle area.  and in association with other common terms can mean various things.  i.e. mata + borrao = paper blotters, rato(s) derived from rat =
arsenic, virgem = virgin or primeval forest.  I think thats where your
confusing your spanish definition of mata that it has some association
with plants.
don't forget that portuguese was originally a military language developed
and derived from spanish and much of the word and sentence structure is
intentionally confusing.  the meaning of a word structure and the
associated definitions are not defined in the words but in the sentence
structure and sometimes like chinese in the inflection used by the

@_date: 2001-09-17 18:44:34
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: KABISSA-FAHAMU-SANGONET NEWSLETTER 
The dot.GOD Registry, Limited
---------- Forwarded message ----------
FOR THE ARROGANCE OF POWER AMERICA NOW PAYS A TERRIBLE PRICE
An event of this magnitude was not only unimagined, it was unimaginable. Yet
long before George Bush became president with his forceful in-your-face,
take-it-or-leave-it attitude to the world outside on issues as diverse as
global warming and anti-missile defences, America has been turning in on
itself, to the point of self-destructiveness.
US ATTACK: EUROPE PUTS CONDITIONS ON ITS SUPPORT FOR REPRISALS
European countries are stipulating their support for punishing those
responsible for the Tuesday terrorist attacks in New York and Washington
upon respect for international law and human rights.
US ATTACKS: BUT WHY?
Media Fails To Address Basic Question?
The question dominating the news reporting of Tuesdays attacks on the World
Trade Centre and the Pentagon is "who". Who did it? Who is responsible? Some
strategists and security experts are trying to answer "how"? But the central
question is not being asked anywhere. This question is: WHY?
Further details: Contact: tarajpolzer
HUMAN RIGHTS GROUPS SAY US ATTACKS MAKE CASE FOR INTERNATIONAL JUSTICE
A global coalition of human rights groups on Wednesday described the
terrorist attacks in the United States as "crimes against humanity," saying
they proved the need for a strong international justice system.
Further details: USA: JUSTICE, NOT REVENGE, MUST PREVAIL
Amnesty International today reiterated its deepest sympathy for the victims
of the heinous attacks in the USA and called upon the leaders of governments
and community groups around the world to ensure respect for human rights in
their wake.
UN GENERAL ASSEMBLY POSTPONES SPECIAL SESSION ON CHILDREN
In the aftermath of Tuesday's terrorist attacks against the United States,
the United Nations General Assembly today decided to postpone its upcoming
special session on children.
Further details: U.S., ISRAEL ABANDON ANTI-RACISM TALKS
The United States and Israel, faced with an implacable wall of support for
Palestine, pulled out of the U.N. World Conference Against Racism Monday.
US 'INFLAMED RATHER THAN DEFUSED'
The US helped inflame rather than defuse the rhetoric around the conference,
reports Gerald Lemelle from Amnesty International.
US DISASTER: BRACING FOR THE BACKLASH
With the Arab-American Institute in the US recording over 300 voice messages
of verbal abuse or taunting, Arab and North African students are being urged
to stay home and stay safe.
XENOPHOBIC THREATS TARGET ARABS EVERYWHERE
The xenophobic reaction to the terrorist attacks against New York and
Washington Tuesday are threatening communities of Arab immigrants found
throughout the world.
GLOBAL VIEWS: AFTER SEPTEMBER 11, 2001
Globalvision News Network presents worldwide reports and commentary on the
implications of the attacks on New York and Washington, D.C. What can we
learn from the voices of the global media?
TERRORISM, TELEVISION AND THE RAGE FOR VENGEANCE
We stare at TV screens and try to comprehend the suffering in the aftermath
of terrorism. Much of what we see is ghastly and all too real; terrible
anguish and sorrow. At the same time, we're witnessing an onslaught of media
US ATTACK: WHAT DOES RETALIATION MEAN IN A MEDIA WAR?
While America has been preparing to fight the last war, a war between
nations, the next war has been violently thrust upon us. It's a war of
symbols, impressions and ideas in which acts of mass murder jocky for mind
share in the global media, and everyone with a television set, the world
over, reacts viscerally.
US ATTACK: WHAT THE MIDDLE EAST PAPERS SAY
For all their differences, the media in the Middle East - from Iraq to
Israel - seem to be agreed on one thing: whoever was to blame for
yesterday's carnage in the US, the attacks are the result of American
US ATTACKS: THE MEDIA'S ROLE
The Terror, The Tragedy And The Media. A Special Report.
As the streets south of MediaChannel's Times Square offices are full of dust
and debris, with silence broken by sirens, we present a special edition
focused on the media's response to yesterday's attacks on New York and
Washington, D.C.
Further details: Contact: editor
US ATTACK: A BRAVE AND COMPASSIONATE RESPONSE
There is an amazing and wonderful thing that happens in the darkest times.
Right now, most of the people of the United States and many throughout the
world are asking themselve the definitive question of all nonprofit work:
How can I make a difference?
"DOES TERRORISM REVEAL OUR OWN BARBARISM?"
By Firoze Manji, Fahamu - Learning For Change
Publication of this weeks newsletter was delayed because of the tragedy
that took place on Tuesday in US. All of us were deeply shocked by the loss
of innocent lives by sickening acts of terrorism. Our thoughts are with the
families and survivors of this tragedy whose pain and grief must be immense.
But we also feel a deep sense of unease that the horrors of war and of state
sponsored terror in the south, and especially in Africa, that claim millions
of lives each year, somehow do not register in the same way. Is the
overwhelming response to the current tragedy, then, an expression of shock
that such an event could take place at the heart of the most powerful state
in the world? Or is it that different values are given to human lives
depending on their geography and closeness to capital?
Terrorism always plays into the hands of the Right. It justifies hysteria,
prejudice, bigotry and even the use of terror against sections of humanity
in the name of vengeance rather than justice. The shock, horror and anger at
the attacks in the US is understandable. There is equal anger and despair
amongst the survivors of massacres in Africa  only they are denied the
voice to make their anguish heard.
What is frightening about the reaction in the USA is that these acts of
terror are being used to justify vengeance against the perceived
perpetrators. It took less than a millisecond to point the finger at Islam.
As we go to press, there is still no clarity about who the perpetrators
were. A climate is growing where very soon anyone who is, or ever has been,
a member of an Islamic organisation will be viewed with suspicion and fear.
Such prejudice will be given a boost if it turns out that Bin Laden or some
other extremist Islamic terrorist group was responsible for the attacks in
the USA. Somehow that is seen as understandable. But why is it anymore
understandable than writing off all whites or Christians as potential
terrorists after the Oklahoma bombing?
The US and NATO have declared the attack on the World Trade Centre and the
Pentagon as acts of war. The response, in their view, should be retaliation,
not bringing the perpetrators to justice. But will bombings or invasions of
Afghanistan or Iraq or Sudan or wherever really diminish the potentials of
further acts of terrorism against the US and its allies? Will taking out
what the US believes to be rogue states really diminish the risks? Or will
they only fuel the already burning fires. Can terrorism be countered by
state-sponsored terror without leading to a vicious spiral?
Outside of the US, few are really surprised that the US has become the
target of terrorist attacks. For many, the real rogue state is the US.
American foreign policy, its collusion with and financing despotic and
totalitarian regimes and dictators, its disregard for international
treaties, and, through the international financial and trade institutions,
its profiteering at the expense of the poor  these are really the real
causes of the latest round of attacks on the US. If America is serious about
declaring war that will minimise the threat of further terrorism, then it is
against these causes that it must act. There are severe consequences of US
retaliation that could lead to general destabilisation, especially in the
Middle East, with implications for north Africa and the horn of Africa. The
impending global recession could have serious implications for developing
economies; and further degeneration of international relations. This could
be an opportunity for the west to begin to attend to the causes of such
acts, but are they likely to take it up?
The last decade has seen the rich get richer while the poor get poorer.
While the average income of the top 20% of the world's population was 30
times that of the bottom 20% in 1960, by 1990 it was 60 times, and by 1997,
74 times that of the lowest fifth. By the late 1990s, 20% of the worlds
population had 86% of the world GDP, while the bottom 20% had 1% The assets
of the top 3 billionaires are more than the combined GNP of all least
developed countries and their 600 million people. Nearly one quarter of the
world's people have an income that is less than $1 a day - a proportion that
is rising. The UN Development Programme calculates each year the human
poverty index based on a series of measures including the prevalence of
illiteracy, life expectancy, degree of malnourishment, and access to health
services and safe water. In 1996 over a billion people fell below this
measure, the position worsening in 30 countries - the worst figures since
UNDP began calculating the index in 1990. Unless concerted action is taken
against the growing impoverishment of the majority, then desperation and
frustration will inevitably result in violent reactions such as US has
witnessed these last couple of days.
Terrorism in all its forms must be opposed. But that applies as much to
state-sponsored terrorism as it does to terrorism of armed groups. Last week
saw the conclusion of the World Conference Against Racism that spawned its
own set of contradictions. Why, for example, should the genocidal terror
carried out by Europe during the Slave Trade during which tens of millions
of African were uprooted or killed be viewed as acceptable just because the
perpetrators declare that the act was legal at the time? The whole
Colonial ravage of Africa was little other than legitimised terrorism. Why
was it so difficult at the World Conference on Racism to declare outrage and
condemnation of these vast acts of terrorism in Africa, but so easy to find
our humanity when the act is carried out in New York and Washington?
Does terrorism have the effect of revealing not only the barbarism of the
perpetrators but also of our own value systems?
US rallies the west for attack on Afghanistan
U.S. Bent on Revenge for Terror Attacks
FBI Identifies 50-Strong Team of Attackers
Reaction from Africa: AllAfrica.com
Africa's sorrow over US terror attacks
Kenyan bomb survivor advises 'togetherness'
Christians and Muslims Clash in Nigeria
Jubilation in Nigeria on US
US Bombings: Tutu Warns of Spiral in Global Conflict
They can't see why they are hated
The best defence is justice
OneWorld Special reports: after the US terror
Contact: firoze

@_date: 2001-09-17 07:45:42
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: UPCOMING EXECUTION - PRISONER WILL BE BOILED IN THE CHAIR 
I just received an urgent message from Mr. Fred Leuchter, who has traveled the nation for many years as a consultant for execution methods.  His job is to review and improve the instruments by which the death penalty is imposed in each state.
If you are like me, you probably wonder why a person would concentrate his life on instruments of death when he doesn't even believe in the death penalty.  I asked Mr. Leuchter that question and he replied that, but since we insist on employing state sanctioned murder, at least we should be as humane as possible about it.
He's very concerned about an upcoming electrocution in Ohio.  The electric chair there is defective and the death of John Byrd Jr will be exceptionally horrible unless the defects are corrected before the execution.
If you have media and authority contacts in Ohio, get this message to them!
METHODS OF DEATH Manuals Published by Fred A. Leuchter Associates, Inc. can be viewed on Making the Walls Transparent under Tools of "Corrections" at  Kay Lee
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Saturday, September 15, 2001 3:18 PM
Dear Kay, I have been in touch with Attorney Richard Vickers of the Ohio Public Defenders office in Columbus.  He represents John Byrd, Jr. who is about to  be electrocuted in a chair with defective electrodes and voltages which are too low.  His blood will boil while he is conscious, almost like being burned at the stake in the chair. I have sent him a sworn opinion as to the problems with the chair.  In the meanwhile, a legislator has filed emergency legislation to eliminate the chair entirely.  He can use all the help he can get.  If you can advise your Ohio subscribers to contact their reps and senators to support the legislation it would be helpful.  The Attorney is Richard Vickers, Esquire
Public Defenders Office
Columbus, Ohio 614-466-5394. Fred. p.s. I am back in Boston (Malden) permanently now (moved 2 weeks ago). Fred Leuchter 172 Belmont Street Malden, MA  02148 Phone: Voice.  781-322-0104. Fax.     781-322-2463

@_date: 2001-09-15 00:46:23
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: David Stern's "News alert" re: Israel and the Terror???? (fwd) 
Source: Direct Submission
Organizatio: Media Monitors Network (MMN)  Email: mckhan
Title: David Stern's "News alert"
            -----------------------------
               >> WITH NO COMMENTS <<
            -----------------------------
Date  Thu, 13 Sept 2001 6:59:42am  Email:  "David Stern"   Sent-To:  faisal palestine-info           newsdesk irna           webmaster ContactUs Subj:     News alert        NEWS EMBARGO AFTER ISRAELI LINK LEAK
Stern-Intel (Canada). A US military intelligence source revealed
details of an internal intelligence memo that points to the
Israeli Mossad intelligence service having links to the World
Trade Center and Pentagon attacks. The intelligence source, who
requested his name be withheld, confirmed the internal US
intelligence memo circulated four weeks ago described information
that pointed to the threat of a covert Israeli operation on US
soil to turn mass public opinion against Palestinian Arabs via an
apparent terrorist attack on US interests that would give Israel
the green light to implement a large scale military onslaught
against the Palestinian Arab population.
The 11 September attack has been described by experts as being too
sophisticated for a lone terrorist group to execute. This attack
required a high level of military precision and the resources of
an advanced intelligence agency. In addition, the attackers would
have needed to be extremely familiar with both air force one
flight operations, civil airline flight paths and aerial assault
tactics on sensitive US cities like Washington, Stated David Stern
an expert on Israeli intelligence operations.
The attacks targeted the Pentagon, World Trade Center towers, with
the white house and air force also being targets according to the
The attacks have certainly turned US public opinion firmly back
in Israel's favor after 11 months of Palestinian uprising, heavy
criticism of Israel
over war crimes allegations and racism by a UN conference in
Durban. The attacks serve no Arab group or nations interests but
their timing came in the midst of international condemnation of
Israel for its policy of death squad assassination of Palestinian
political and police figures, added Stern.
If verified, the news of Israels involvement in the US attack
will come as no surprise to intelligence experts. The state of
Israel has a long history of covert operations against Western
targets with attacks on the King David Hotel, USS Liberty, murder
of a Scandinavian UN envoy as well as espionage against the US
during the Jonathan Pollard case.
On Wednesday the US defense department issued a warning to its
officials to halt the leak of information on the investigation
which it says is happening on a daily basis since the attacks
Contentalert mailing list

@_date: 2001-09-15 00:42:52
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Robert Fisk on Suicide Bombers (fwd) 
Email: Nader Hashemi Title: Robert Fisk on Suicide Bombers
The Independent Thursday, September 13, 2001 They can run and they can hide. Suicide bombers are here to stay
By Robert Fisk
Not long before the Second World War, Stanley Baldwin, who was
Britain's Prime Minister, warned that "the bomber will always get
through". Today, we can argue that the suicide bomber will always
get through. Maybe not all of them. We may never know how many
other hijackers failed to board domestic flights in the United
States on Tuesday morning, but enough to produce carnage on an
awesome, incomprehensive scale. Yet still we have not begun to
address this phenomenon. The suicide bomber is here to stay. It is
an exclusive weapon that belongs to "them" not us, and no military
power appears able to deal with this phenomenon.
Partly because of the suicide bomber, the Israelis fled Lebanon.
Specifically because of a suicide bomber, the Americans fled
Lebanon 17 years earlier. I still remember Vice-President George
Bush, now George Bush Senior, visibly moved amid the ruins of the
US Marine base in Beirut, where 241 American servicemen had just
been slaughtered. "We are not going to let a bunch of insidious
terrorist cowards, shake the foreign policy of the United States,"
he told us. "Foreign policy is not going to be dictated or changed
by terror." A few months later, the Marines upped sticks and ran
away from Lebanon, "redeployed" to their ships offshore.
Not long ago, I was chatting to an Indian soldier, a veteran of
Delhi's involvement in the Sri Lanka war now serving with the UN in
southern Lebanon. How did the Tamil suicide bombers compare those
of the Lebanese Hizbollah I asked him? The soldier raised his
eyebrows. "The Hizbollah has nothing on those guys," he said. "Just
think, they all carry a suicide capsule. I told my soldiers to
drive at 100 miles an hour on the roads of Sri Lanka in case one of
them hurled himself into the jeep." The Hizbollah may take their
inspiration from the martyrdom of the prophet Hussain, and the
Palestinian suicide bombers may take theirs from the Hizbollah.
But there is no military answer to this. As long as "our" side will
risk but not give its lives (cost-free war, after all, was partly
an American invention) the suicide bomber is the other side's
nuclear weapon. That desperate, pitiful phone call from the
passenger on her way to her doom in the Boeing 767 crash on the
Pentagon told her husband that the hijackers held knives and
box-cutters. Knives and box-cutters; that's all you need now to
inflict a crashing physical defeat on a superpower. That and a
plane with a heavy fuel load.
But the suicide bomber does not conform to a set of identical
characteristics. Many of the callow Palestinian youths blowing
themselves to bits, with, more often than not, the most innocent of
Israelis, have little or no formal education. They have poor
knowledge of the Koran but a powerful sense of fury, despair and
self-righteousness to propel them. The Hizbollah suicide bombers
were more deeply versed in the Koran, older, often with years of
imprisonment to steel them in the hours before their immolation.
Tuesday's suicide bombers created a precedent. If there were at
least four on each aircraft, this means 16 men decided to kill
themselves at the same time. Did they all know each other?
Unlikely. Or did one of them know all the rest? For sure, they were
educated. If the Boeing which hit the Pentagon was being flown by
men with knives (presumably, the other three aircraft were too)
then these were suicide bombers with a good working knowledge of
the fly-by-wire instrument panel of one of the world's most
sophisticated aircraft.
I found it oddly revealing when, a few hours later, an American
reporter quizzed me about my conviction that these men must have
made "dummy runs", must have travelled the same American Airlines
and United Airlines scheduled flights many times. They would have
to do that at least to check the X-ray security apparatus at
airports. How many crew, the average passenger manifest, the
average delays on departure times. They needed to see if the cabin
crew locked the flight deck door. In my experience on US domestic
flights this is rare. Savage, cruel these men were, but also, it
seems, educated.
Like so many of our politicians who provide us with the same tired
old promises about hunting down the guilty and, Mr Blair's
contribution yesterday, "dismantle the machine of terror". But this
misses the point. If the machinery is composed of knives and
box-cutters, Mr Blair is after the wrong target. Just as President
Ronald Reagan was in the hours before he ordered the bombing of
Libya in 1986. "He can run, but he can't hide," he said of Colonel
Muammar Gaddafi. But Colonel Gaddafi could hide, and he is still
with us.
Instead of searching for more rogue states, President George W
Bush's reference to those who stand behind the bombers opens the
way for more cruise missiles aimed at Iraq or Afghanistan, or
wherever he thinks the "godfathers of terrorism may be". The
Americans might do better to find out who taught these vicious men
to fly a Boeing 767.
Which Middle East airlines train their pilots for this aircraft?
Indeed which nations are generous in their pilot-training schemes
for Third World countries? I recall one of Iran's best
post-revolutionary helicopter pilots telling me he was given a full
course on the Bell Augusta (the Vietnam-era gunship) by the
Pakistan air force, which itself paid retired American pilots to
teach them.
And if Osama bin Laden is behind the New York massacre, it's worth
remembering one of his aims: not just to evict the US from the
Middle East but to overthrow the Arab regimes loyal to Washington.
Saudi Arabia was top of the list when I last spoke to him, but
President Hosni Mubarak's Egypt and Jordan, ruled by King Abdullah
II, were among his other enemies. He would keep talking about how
the Muslims of these nations would rise up against their corrupt
rulers. A slaughter by the US in retaliation for the New York and
Washington bloodbaths might just move the Arab masses from stubborn
docility to the point of detonation.
Within the region, the suicide bomber is now admired. Not because
he is a mass killer but because something invincible, something
untouchable, something that has always dictated the rules without
taking responsibility for the results, has now proved vulnerable.
It was the same when the first suicide bombers struck in Lebanon.
The Lebanese could scarcely believe that Israeli soldiers could die
on this scale. The Israeli army of song and legend had been brought
low. So, too, the reaction when the symbols of America's pride and
power were struck. The vile, if small, Palestinian "celebrations"
were a symptom of this, albeit unrepresentative. They matched the
"bomb Baghdad into the Dark Ages" rhetoric we heard from the
American public a decade ago.
In the Middle East, Arabs now fear America will strike them without
waiting for proof, or act on the most flimsy of evidence. For it is
as well to remember how the US responded to the 1983 Marine
bombings. The battleship USS New Jersey fired its automobile-sized
shells into the Chouf Mountains, killing a couple of Syrian
soldiers and erasing half a village. The arrival of US naval craft
off the American East Coast yesterday was a ghostly replay of this
impotent event.
But to this day, the Americans have never discovered the identity
of the man who drove a truck-load of explosives into the Beirut
Marine compound. That was in another country, in another time.
Today's suicide bombers are a different breed. Nurtured in whatever
despair or misery or perhaps even privilege, in 2001, the suicide
bomber came of age.

@_date: 2001-09-14 22:26:12
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: NO RUSH TO WAR!/O'Reilly Factor/FOX/13Sept2001 .. Prof. Boyle, 
Source: Direct Submission
Email: "Boyle, Francis" Title: NO RUSH TO WAR!/O'Reilly Factor/FOX/13Sept2001
SHOW: THE O'REILLY FACTOR (20:29) September 13, 2001 Thursday
Transcript # 091303cb.256
SECTION: News; Domestic
HEADLINE: America Unites
How Should the U.S. Bring Terrorists to Justice?
GUESTS: Sam Husseini, Francis Boyle
BYLINE: Bill O'Reilly
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM
AND MAY BE UPDATED. O'REILLY: While most Americans are united in their support of
President Bush and the desire to bring Osama bin Laden and other
terrorists to justice, there are some differing voices. Joining us now from Washington is Sam Husseini, the former spokesman
for the Arab Anti -- American Anti-Discrimination Committee, and
from Urbana, Illinois, is Francis Boyle, an international law
professor at the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign..........  ....  O'REILLY: Cut his mike. All right, now, Mr. Boyle, Professor Boyle,
let's have a little bit more of a rational discussion here. That was
The United States now has to take action against certain segments in
this world who we know have been harbouring people like Osama bin
Laden. That's going to happen. How will you react to that?
FRANCIS BOYLE, LAW PROFESSOR: Well, first I think you have to look
at the law involved. Clearly what we have here, under United States
domestic law and statutes, is an act of international terrorism that
should be treated as such. It is not yet elevated to an act of war. For an act of war, we need proof that a foreign state actually
ordered or launched an attack upon the United States of America. So
far, we do not yet have that evidence. We could...
O'REILLY: All right, now why are you, why are you, why are you
taking this position when you know forces have attacked the United
States. Now, maybe they don't have a country, but they are forces.
They have attacked the United States, all right? Without warning,
without provocation. Civilian targets. They've done everything that
an act of war does. So, I'm saying that because we live in a different world now, where
borders don't really matter, where terrorism is the weapon of
choice, that you would declare war -- if I were President Bush, I
would declare war on any hostile forces, notice those words,
professor, hostile forces to the United States. I would have a
blanket declaration of war so I could go in and kill those people.
Would I be wrong? BOYLE: Well, Bill, so far you'll note Congress has been unwilling to
declare war. And indeed, this matter is being debated right now.
Right now, it appears that what they are seeking is not a full
declaration of war, but only what we law professors call an
imperfect declaration, which means a limited use of military force
under the War Powers Resolution of 1973. Precisely for the problem that we don't know if any state was
involved and we still do not know who was responsible for this
undoubted terrorist attack upon the United States of America. O'REILLY: All right, but we have the secretary of state saying that
Osama bin Laden now has been linked into and, you know, we don't
have all the intelligence information, as President Bush said today.
He's not going to give us, and he shouldn't, the people of America
all the information that they have. But when the secretary of state
gets up and says, look, we know this guy was involved to some
extent, I believe him. And he's a wanted man, professor. He's been wanted for eight years.
The Clinton administration didn't have the heart to get him and in
the first few months the Bush administration didn't either. We now
know, and you just heard the FBI agent say that Afghanistan has been
involved for years harbouring and training these kinds of people.
Certainly, Afghanistan, Syria, Libya, Iran, Iraq, those five
countries, certainly have been hostile to the United States and
given safe harbour to these terrorists. That's a fact. BOYLE: Well, let me point out, the secretary of state was very
careful in the words he used. He said Osama bin Laden was a suspect.
He did not accuse him. And, again, under these circumstances... O'REILLY: No, he didn't use the word suspect. He used another word. BOYLE: The account I read in, just off the wire service, said
suspect. But let me continue my point. Under these circumstances,
where we have 5,000 Americans dead and we could have many more
Americans killed in a conflict, we have to be very careful, Congress
and the American people and the president, in not to over-escalate
the rhetoric, here. We have to look at this very rationally. This is a democracy. We
have a right to see what the evidence is and proceed in a very slow
and deliberate manner. O'REILLY: No, we don't. We do not, as a republic, we don't have the
right to see what the evidence is if the evidence is of a national
security situation, as you know. Now, I'm trusting my government to do the right thing, here. I am
trusting. But I think it's beyond a doubt right now, beyond a
reasonable doubt, which is, as you know, a court of law standard,
that there are at least five, North Korea you could put in to, six
states in the world that have harboured continually these
terrorists. Now, we know that this was a well-coordinated effort. Our initial
intelligence shows that some of the people that have been arrested
have ties to Osama bin Laden. We know, as you just heard the FBI
agent say, that the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center was tied
in to a guy who knew bin Laden. So, bin Laden -- I agree with you,
that you don't want to be a hothead. You don't want to overreact.
You don't want to lob a missile at the pharmaceutical plant in the
Sudan, which was terrible, and that was the one good point, or fair
point, that Mr. Husseini made, you don't want to do that. But, on the other hand, professor, I think Americans are rightful,
are right, to demand action against states that we know in the past
have harboured these individuals and there's a warrant out for Osama
bin Laden's arrest. So, if he is in Afghanistan, I would give that
government a couple of days to hand him over, and if they did not,
I'd go in. BOYLE: Well, again. The American people are right. We need to see
the evidence. I remember people saying a generation ago, during the
Vietnam war, I trusted my government. And I think people of my
generation found out that that was wrong. We needed more evidence. O'REILLY: All right. Professor, let me stop you there, though. This
is another point that Mr. Husseini tried to make. Just because the
United States of America has made mistakes in the past, does not
mean that we cannot defend ourselves now. This is a unique situation in history. We have now been attacked by
forces without borders, OK? We've been attacked. And it hasn't been
a military attack, it's been an attack on civilians. The reason, the
sole reason a federal government exists is to protect the people of
the United States. And as I said in my "Talking Points" memo, they
haven't really done the job, for political reasons. But now's the time to correct those things. So, there's going to be
a reckoning, Professor. You know it's going to happen. I know it's
going to happen. And it's going to come down on Osama bin Laden
first and maybe some of these rouge states later. Will you support
that action? BOYLE: Before I support a war that will jeopardize the lives of tens
of thousands of our servicemen and women, I want to see the evidence
that we are relying on to justify this. So far, I do not see it. I
see allegations. I see innuendo. I see winks and I see nods, but I
do not see the evidence that you need under international law and
the United States constitution so far to go to war. Maybe that
evidence will be there, but it is not there now. My recommendation to Congress is to slow down, let's see what
develops and let's see what this evidence is before we knowingly go
out and not only kill large numbers of people, perhaps in
Afghanistan and other countries, but undoubtedly in our own armed
forces. 58,000 men of my generation will killed in Vietnam because of
irresponsible behavior by the Johnson administration rushing that
Tonkin Gulf resolution through Congress, exactly what we're seeing
now. And we need to pull back and stop and think and ask the hard
questions and demand to see the evidence first, before we march off
to war. O'REILLY: All right, so it's not enough that people arrested in the
bombings of the embassies in Africa testified in court that Osama
bin Laden was behind and financed and coordinated those bombings.
That evidence is not enough for you? BOYLE: Well, Africa is a very is a very different story than what
happened in the World Trade Center. O'REILLY: No, it's not. He's wanted, he's wanted in the United
States for the bombings of those two embassies. Is that evidence
enough for you, professor, for the United States to go in and get
this man? Is it enough? BOYLE: That, that matter was treated and handled as an act of
international terrorism in accordance with the normal laws and
procedures of the United States of America as a question of domestic
and international law enforcement. And I am suggesting that is the
way we need to proceed here... O'REILLY: Well, wait. You're dodging the question professor. BOYLE: ... unless we have evidence that... O'REILLY: Wait, professor. Professor. This is a no spin zone. Hold
it. Hold it. Even out in Urbana Champagne, the no spin zone rules.
You're dodging the question. There is an absolutely rock solid
arrest warrant out for this man. Evidence in court, testimony by
people who did the bombings that this man was behind it. Is that
enough evidence for you to have the United States go in and get him
now? Is it enough? BOYLE: The United States has been attempting to secure his
extradition from Afghanistan. I support... O'REILLY: Yeah, that's long enough. BOYLE: I support that approach as international... O'REILLY: Come on already, I mean, eight years, we've been
attempting to extradite this guy. Now's the time to tell the Afghans
you've got 48 hours or 72 hours to turn him over. You don't turn him
over, we're coming in and getting him. You try to stop us, and
you're toast. Enough is enough, professor. BOYLE: That's vigilantism. It is not what the United States of
America is supposed to stand for. We are supposed to stand... O'REILLY: No, what that is is protecting the country from terrorists
who kill civilians. BOYLE: ... for rule of law. O'REILLY: It's not vigilantism. BOYLE: We are supposed to stand for rule of law, and that is clearly
vigilantism. There is a Security Council, there is Congress, there
are procedures and there are laws, and they are there to protect all
of us here in the United States as well as... O'REILLY: So, you're telling me... BOYLE: ... as well as our servicemen and women. Look, Bill, if we
allegedly, as you put it, go in, you are not going in, I am not
going in. It's going to be young men and women serving in our armed
forces... O'REILLY: And that's their job. To protect us. But, professor, let
me, you know, what you're saying is, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold it. Hold
it. Hold it. Hold it. B0YLE: ... with the constitution and the laws of the United States. O'REILLY: We're not violating any laws here, professor. No one is
going to violate the law. There is going to be a state of war
induced against states, states, terroristic states, who have
attacked us. And what you're saying is, though, and correct me if
I'm wrong, you're saying that even though there is a legitimate
warrant out for Osama bin Laden's arrest, and even though most
civilized nations would honor that warrant and turn him over to us,
extradite him to us, the vast majority of nations on earth would do
that, you still are opposed for the United States to demand that the
Taliban government arrest this man and turn him over? You are
opposed to that? BOYLE: During the Gulf War, President Bush's father, who has far
more experience that the current president Bush, got a Security
Council resolution authorizing the United States of America to use
force to expel Iraq from Kuwait. Second, President Bush's father got
a War Powers Authorization Resolution from Congress that gave him
the constitutional authority to use military force to enforce that
Security Council resolution. What I'm calling for here is the same adherence to international law
and the United States constitution that the first President Bush
adhered to in dealing with Iraq. O'REILLY: Well, you'll get that, professor. That's just a formality.
There -- nobody on Capitol Hill right now, they're not going to --
there's no profile of courages up there anyway, usually. They're
going to give President Bush what he wants. If he wants a War Powers
Act, they're going to give it to him. He wants a declaration,
they're going to give it to him. BOYLE: Actually, they're arguing about it right now... O'REILLY: They're going to give it to him. But I'm not interested in
that, because it's going to happen. It's going to happen. BOYLE: The reports -- no, the reports I read was that this President
Bush initially asked for a blank check, and Congress balked because
they had been suckered once before... O'REILLY: All right, I'm not -- speculation is not what I'm in --
all right, professor. I don't want to speculate. I'm just going to
say in my opinion he's going to have the authority to go in and get
Osama bin Laden and his pals, wherever they are. He will get that
authority, whether it takes a day or a week, he'll get it. And once
he gets it, now, that's what I want to talk about here. Once he gets
it, are you and others like you going to say, oh, no, we shouldn't
do this, even though we have proof of the man's -- masterminded the
bombings in Africa and the Cole,testimony in Yemen, are you going to
still say, even after the authority is granted by Congress, which it
will be, no, don't do it, let Afghanistan handle him? Are you going
to still do that, professor? BOYLE: Second, like his father, his father also got authorization
from the United States, the United Nations Security Council under
chapter seven of the United Nations charter... O'REILLY: Oh, you want to go to U.N. now? You want the U.N. involved
now. BOYLE: Is exactly what his father did... O'REILLY: So what? BOYLE: And that's exactly right. O'REILLY: His father made a huge mistake by not taking out Sadam
Hussein when he could of. BOYLE: His father adhered to the required procedures under the
United States constitution and the United Nations charter that is a
treaty and the supreme law of our land. I expect the current
President Bush to do exactly what his father did before he starts
engaging in a massive military campaign in Iraq or against other
countries... O'REILLY: All right, I don't know whether he's going to go -- I know
he's not going to let the U.N. dictate. He might go for a consensus.
He's already got it with Putin and all of our NATO allies, he's
already go that.  Whether he goes -- I think it would be a mistake
to let -- empowering the U.N. in this situation. BOYLE: Then why did his father do this? O'REILLY: I'm going -- we're going to wrap this up with this. I'm
going to give my last summation and then you can give yours, I'll
give you the last word on it. This is a fugitive we're dealing with here. He has now been tied in
by U.S.  intelligence agencies, according to Attorney General
Ashcroft and the secretary of state, tied into this horrendous
bombing here in New York. The United States must make a response to
this, and I am agreeing with you in a sense, it can't be a
knee-jerk. It's got to be done in a methodical way. Congress will go along, they may debate it or whatever, but they
will go along in either a War Powers, special War Powers Act or a
declaration of war against forces hostile to the United States. Then
they will go in and they will take him. This man you're looking at
on the TV screen is a dead man. He should be a dead man. You don't
do what he did and be allowed to walk around this earth. Now, I'm distressed, professor, by your reliance, reliance on the
strict letter of propriety, when we've got 10,000 people laying in
the street about 22 miles from me right now. I want deliberation. I
want methodical discipline, but I also want action. We know who this
guy is. We know the governments that are protecting him. We know the
other rouge states that have terrorist camps there. They all have to
be dealt with, in my opinion. I'll give you the last word. BOYLE: Sure, I agree with you, Bill. He is a fugitive from justice
and this should be handled as a matter as other fugitives from
justice of international law enforcement. If indeed there is
evidence that a foreign state orchestrated and ordered an attack
against the United States then clearly that is an act of war that
should be dealt with as such... O'REILLY: What about harbouring? BOYLE: Right now... O'REILLY: Is harbouring an act of war? BOYLE: In my opinion, no. And under the current circumstances, I
don't see it. O'REILLY: All right, professor. BOYLE: I think there is a distinction here. O'REILLY: OK, all right, wrap it up, if you would. BOYLE: I agree -- I agree that the -- if we go to war in a hasty
manner here, we could see thousands of U.S. military personnel being
killed without proper authorization by Congress or by the United
Nations Security Council. O'REILLY: OK. BOYLE: Our founding fathers decided that the most awesome decision
we would ever make would be to go to war, and we have to be very
careful in making that decision. O'REILLY: All right, professor, I appreciate it very much. Thank you
for your point of view. BOYLE: Thank you, Bill. Francis A. Boyle Law Building 504 E. Pennsylvania Ave. Champaign, IL 61820 USA 217-333-7954(voice)  217-244-1478(fax)

@_date: 2001-09-14 22:22:37
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Israel Shamir: Orient Express (fwd) 
__  __________   _  _______      ______
                /  |/  / __/ _ | / |/ / __/ | /| / / __/
               / /|_/ /\ \/ __ |/    / _/ | |/ |/ /\ \                /_/  /_/___/_/ |_/_/|_/___/ |__/|__/___/           Support MSANEWS, a project of learning and enlightenment
        "A Mind is a Terrible Thing to Waste" -- Martin Luther King
Source: Direct Submission
Organization: ALAQSA INTIFADA . org
Email: info
Title: Orient Express
   Note: Although this article of Sept. 12 is a little outdated by
   new findings, it certainly offers food for thought!    Orient Express
   By Israel Shamir
   Like the Four Riders of the Apocalypse, the unknown kamikaze
   rode their giant crafts into the two visible symbols of American
   world domination, Wall Street and the Pentagon. They vanished in
   flames and smoke, and we do not yet know who they were. They
   could be practically anybody: American Nationalists, American
   Communists, American Fundamentalist Christians, American
   Anarchists, anybody who rejects the twin gods of the dollar and
   the M-16, who hates the stock market and interventions overseas,
   who dreams of America for Americans, who does not want to
   support the drive for world domination. They could be Native
   Americans returning to Manhattan, or Afro-Americans who still
   have not received compensation for slavery.
   They could be foreigners of practically any extraction, as Wall
   Street and the Pentagon ruined many lives of people all over the
   globe. Germans can remember the fiery holocaust of Dresden with
   its hundreds of thousands of peaceful refugees incinerated by
   the US Air Force. Japanese will not forget the nuclear holocaust
   of Hiroshima. The Arab world still feels the creeping holocaust
   of Iraq and Palestine. Russians and East Europeans feel the
   shame of Belgrade avenged. Latin Americans think of American
   invasions of Panama and Granada, of destroyed Nicaragua and
   defoliated Colombia. Asians count their dead of Vietnam war,
   Cambodia bombings, Laos CIA operations in millions. Even a
   pro-American, Russian TV broadcaster could not refrain from
   saying, `now Americans begin to understand the feelings of
   Baghdad and Belgrade'.
   The Riders could be anybody who lost his house to the bank, who
   was squeezed from his work and made permanently unemployed, who
   was declared an Untermensch by the new Herrenvolk. They could be
   Russians, Malaysians, Indonesians, Pakistanis, Congolese, as
   their economy was destroyed by Wall Street and the Pentagon.
   They could be anybody, and they are everybody. Their identity is
   quite irrelevant, but the Jews already decided: it has to be
   Arabs.
   One would think, after Oklahoma, we should become less hasty
   with our conclusions. But my countrymen, Israeli politicians are
   impatient folk. The flames in Manhattan did not die out yet,
   they started political profit taking. Mr Ehud Barak came live on
   BBC, and said `Arafat' within three minutes flat. On CNN, his
   twin Bibi Natanyahu appropriated the blame to Arabs, Muslims,
   Palestinians. Shimon Peres, an old wizened wizard, spoke against
   suicide as a psychiatric adviser, reminding his audience of
   Palestinian attacks. He looked worried: it is hard to enslave
   people who are not afraid to die. This old killer of Kana even
   mentioned Gospels. Density of Israelis on the air approached the
   saturation point. They insinuated and incited, pushing their
   shopping list into a chalk-white face of shell-shocked America:
   please, destroy Iran! And Iraq! And Libya, plees!
   The first twenty four hours of maximal exposure were utilised by
   the Jewish propaganda machine to its utmost. Not a single fact
   was yet known, but racist anti-Arab slurs became a commonplace.
   While we Jews quite reasonably object to any reference to the
   Jewishness of a bad guy, we really do not mind producing
   revolting racist drivel of our own. A good Jewish-American
   activist, James Jordan, warned in al-Awda: "Making broad,
   all-inclusive statements and insinuations about "Jews"
   completely marginalizes and discredits your organization". But
   how come the endless stream of 'broad, all-inclusive statements
   and insinuations', about 'the Arabs' did not 'completely
   marginalized and discredited' the Jewish organisations and media
   who practice it? Apparently, it is a Jewish right to decide who
   will be marginalized in America and who will not.
   The connection was in the minds. The American Jewish
   supremacists want to turn all the world into Palestine, where
   the natives will enjoy harsh local rule and limited local
   rights, while the master race will have a rather different level
   of life. Israel is just a small-scale model of their new brave
   world of globalisation.
   As there were no hard facts against Palestinians, the Israelis
   made their damnedest from the scenes of joy shot in East
   Jerusalem. It is a rather weak point, and I'll tell you why. In
   Agatha Christie's Murder on the Orient Express, her favourite
   detective M. Poireau encounters an unusual complication: all
   passengers on board the train have had a good reason to bump off
   the unpleasant old lady. My dear American friends, your leaders
   placed your great country into the old lady's shoes.
   Israelis used the event to the max. They even killed some ten
   Palestinians and destroyed five Goyiish houses in Jerusalem. The
   reports were rather gleeful, in the style `we told you', and the
   experts of Israeli TV concluded by one o'clock, the attack `was
   good for the Jews'. Why? It would strengthen American support of
   Israel.
   The kamikaze attack could do exactly that. America could enter a
   new cycle of violence in its troubled relations with the world.
   Revenge will follow revenge, until one of the sides will be
   obliterated by nuclear blast. It appears president Bush prefers
   this course. He declared war on his and Israel's adversaries.
   Bush did not even understand that the war was declared by the US
   many years ago, only now it started to come home. So many people
   are sick of America's ham-fisted approach, that the countdown
   for the next attack began.
   Alternatively, America could see this painful strike at her Wall
   Street and her Pentagon, as the last call to repent. She should
   change her advisers, and build her relations with the world
   afresh, on equal footing. Probably she should rule in the
   domination-obsessed Jewish supremacist elites of Wall Street and
   media, part company with the apartheid Jewish state. She could
   become again the universally loved, rather parochial America of
   Walt Whitman and Thomas Edison, Henry Ford and Abe Lincoln.
   Jaffa, 12.9.01
   - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
   brought to you by alaqsaintifada.org
         <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
         <>                                      <>
         <>  "... On that account: We ordained   <>
         <>  for the Children of Israel that     <>
         <>  if anyone slew a person it          <>
         <>  would be as if he slew the          <>
         <>  whole people: and if any            <>
         <>  one saved a life, it would be       <>
         <>  as if he saved the                  <>
         <>  life of the whole people."          <>
         <>  Holy Qur'an, Surah al-Maidah 5:32.  <>
         <>                                      <>
         <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
         "And the mind - may God preserve you - is more prone to
         deep sleep than the eye. Neediest of sharpening
         than a sword. Poorest to treatment. Fastest to change.
         Its illness, the deadliest. Its doctors, the rarest.
         And its cure, the hardest. Whoever got a hold of it, before
         the spread of the disease, found his sake. Whoever tried to
         wrestle it after the spread would not find his
         sake. The greatest purpose of knowledge is the abundance
         of inspiring thoughts. Then, the ways to go about one's            needs are met." -- Al-Jahiz ("Puffy"), 9th Century Baghdad,
         Kitab at-Tarbi` wat-Tadweer ("Squaring the Circle"), p. 101,
         Edited by Prof. Charles Pellat, Institut Francais de          Damas, 1955.
                 __  __________   _  _______      ______
                /  |/  / __/ _ | / |/ / __/ | /| / / __/
               / /|_/ /\ \/ __ |/    / _/ | |/ |/ /\ \                /_/  /_/___/_/ |_/_/|_/___/ |__/|__/___/         Views expressed on MSANEWS do not necessarily represent
       those of the MSANEWS editors, the Ohio State University or
       any of our associated staff and "watchers". Further
       distribution of material featured on this list may be
       restricted. In all cases, please obtain the necessary
       permission of the authors or rightful owners before
       forwarding any material to or from this list.  This service
       is meant for the exchange of analyses and news, for both
       academic and activist usage.  We depend on your input.        However, this is not a discussion list.  Thank you.        To subscribe, send e-mail to:         with the message
       body "subscribe MSANEWS Firstname Lastname".        To unsubscribe, send e-mail to the above address, with        the message body "unsubscribe MSANEWS".              MSANEWS Home Page:          Comments to the Editors:          Submissions for MSANEWS:       Problems with subscription:

@_date: 2001-09-15 23:42:24
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
It seems you have alot to say - unfortunately no knowledge of what you are
talking about.
As I made clear to Declan - I was there from the beginning of the Soviet
invasion.  I was there when the americans began active sponsorship of the
various mujahadin - including our evacuation of children maimed by the
soviets.  An evacuation which was mainly supported by the US military.
Ben Laden was in fact there at the begining and he was actively supported
by the US Military.  They were the best of friends at the time.  The
support was in weapons and included strategic assistance against the
soviet red army.
Laden does not hate freedom - he was a "freedom fighter" and has an
excellent reputation in the arab world as being a freedom fighter.
Your military analysis of the Soviets is also out to lunch.  The soviets
expended a considerable number of military resources and were rewarded
with lots of body bags in return for their efforts.
Nikolai Kovalyov, the former head of the Russian FSB security service, has
just warned the US that an attack on Afghanistan would fail to capture
Osama bin Laden, and would backfire on the US. "In Afghanistan's mountainous terrain it takes a trainload of explosives to destroy three militants," he said. "The chance of hitting bin Laden is zero."
So in short James - if the U.S. invades - get the body bags ready.
I find it insulting James that you would argue from an ignorant position
and just say things off the top of your head without any idea of the
consequences involved.  As I have said before, the only way to win a war
in afganistan is to nuke it.  And I predict that will bring the nukes to
american soil - if they are not there already.
This is a serious situation james.  Alot of boys are going to die as a
result of this invasion and it's ignorant people like yourself who fuel
the fires of victory which some day like vietnam will end up bringing
shame to the american public.  This is not a game james - this is
reality.  A harsh reality that if ignored will result in more pain and
suffering in america.

@_date: 2001-09-15 23:10:38
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
predict casualties significantly higher then vietnam and expect to run for
the hills much like america did in vietnam.  afganistan was a nightmare
for the soviets during their occupation and the exact same will apply to
any american action there.
US military advisors have already made this clear.

@_date: 2001-09-14 14:57:20
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Re: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
James - I find your statements incredible.  America is being attacked for
being rich and free?  I don't think so.  That is however a good argument
as to why people immigrate there - but that's the extent of it.
If these people are arabs - and i still don't have any proof of that -
then we can assume they blew up the WTC in protest of americas support of
terror and antidemocratic institutions - i.e. the palestinian israel
The jihad is an action against the fundamental laws of Allah (God) which
are more or less the same laws outlined in the holy bible - old
testament.  The jihad is an action against those who offend the word and
laws of God.
Being free and being rich is not an offense against God.  However claiming
to be the advicates of democracy and freedom while simultaneously
supporting offensive regeims is an offense against God and common sense
for that matter.
Last night I had the opportunity of watching the CBC a canadian
program.  It was a public participation forum - and i'll tell you anytime
the american advocates claimed they were bombed because it was an attack
against democracy and freedom all the canadian participants laughed.
It became ridiculous watching this.
I have many american friends who are very angry these days.  Many very
depressed.  Many have lost a great deal.  And this is fueling a potential
war which will make vietnam look like a broadway comedy.  many american
boys are going to die over this one and i find that an even greater
Don't forget James - if in fact Bin Landen is involved in this then the
facts remain that the US Government sponsored and assisted him during the
Russian occupation of afganistan.  So we can argue here that your
government not only has created arab hatred against itself by sponsoring
organizations which oppress the arabs - but the US has also been
instramental in setting up the very infrastructure Ben Laden has used to
train these "terrorists".
My greatest fear is that the american people are going to go to war.  A
war which will inevitably be imported onto US soil.  How many Timothy
Mcveis are there ticking in america.  And how many arab extremists are in
the U.S.
But in the worst case senariou maybe this has to happen.  Maybe america
need to feel the impact of terror that Israeli citizens has felt in order
for it to realize that Democracy and Freedoms are fundamental to all
citizens on this planet - and not a perk based on nationality, creed nor
color.  And I find that possibility very regretable.

@_date: 2001-09-13 16:43:55
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Re: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Well I've looked at it carefully and all I see is links to more
nonsense.  Let me explain this to you and hopefully provide you a well
earned education.
This is a picture of a child - just one out of hundreds that we evacuated
to Canada from Afganistan during the russian occupation of Afganistan.
I don't remember his name - like I said we handled hundreds of these
kids.  But this little boy is just one of many who were subjected to the
russian idea of how to win a war.  You may remember Declan that the
russians at the time were losing the war against the afganis and they
resorted to building bombs which looked like toys.
The idea was to drop these bomb-toys in the hope of maiming and injuring
afganis children with the ultimate hope of demoralizing the population
through the victimization of their children.  It did not work - but the
scars are real - and damage was done.
This child was lucky - after years of reconstructive surgery at the Hotel
Deu hospital in Kingston Ontario he was able to walk normally again.
Now I should stress the American Military at the time was instrumental in
assisting us in evacuating these children and by default we saved many
Osama Bin Ladin and the Fatwa are of no significance to what happened in
america.  They are the symbols of a struggle that has been going on for
many years.  A struggle against oppression and planned genocide in which
the United States has been a significant contributor and
supporter.  i.e. Israel's oppression of the palestinians, i.e. south
africa, i.e. east timor etc. etc. etc.
Arabs are by default very nobel, trustworthy and honourable people.  But
they are not cows.  They will not bow their heads as their civilization is
brutalized and raped.  They will fight back with the vengence that is
the holy jihad.
Kill Osama Bin Ladin and you create another arab saint and many more holy
warriors take his place.  That is the nature of the beast.
The terror we saw in new york and washington this week is the harvest of
many years of seed planting by the US government.  It represents the
response of a people who have been opressed and lied to for years by a
US government which claims to support the virtues of freedom and
democracy yet funds terror on a world wide basis for no better reason then
to make a profit.
Again I say that these men who were responsible for this terror acted as
judge jury and executioners.  And the verdict of this self appointed
inquisition was the terror we saw this week and which will be with us for
many more years.  And I still say to you that the reasons and the question
of why this was done have yet to be provided to us.

@_date: 2001-09-13 01:57:00
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Re: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
That's not an answer - thats an interview with little details.
may i suggest the answer is buried somewhere in the faces of the happy
people dancing in palestine and other parts of the world.

@_date: 2001-09-13 00:06:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
your showing a level of concern which is understandable.  but what i see
is a simple fact.  people are afraid of their governments - and we all
know governments are run by monsters these days and few people will stand
up to monsters.
i do however find it very entertaining to watch US politicians speak on
the issue.  your political infrastructure is out of control and as a
result anything significant can happen as a response to this unfortunate
act.  martial law is a definate possibility if this happens again.
now the world is a very bad place.  one thing i find insulting from all
the newscasts is us politicians claiming that freedom and democracy have
enemies - which is the ongoing retoric.  the real question is why did this
happen.  or another question is why were their celebrations on the streets
of china and most of the arab world.
i don't think the people on those plains were enemies of freedom or
democracy.  people who have freedom, liberty, and democracy do not have to
resort to suicide missions to get attention.  people who resort to these
methods have lost hope and have no other means of addressing thier
according to the fbi there were 12 to 24 people in all involved.  in my
opinion they were lost soals who appointed themselves judge, jury and
executioners.  these people yesturday delivered a verdict - which in all
amounted to the execution of 50,000 people.
now that we know the verdict the only outstand question is what were the
charges?  why did these people do this?  what was their motivation?  so far i have not figured that one out.  sure arabs are dancing in the
street - their happy - poor arafat was doing penance today by giving
blood.  and i understand the japanese red army is also being blamed for
this.  but all these claims so far amount to little frills here and their
to enhance the show.  i have yet to receive a clear explaination on what
drove these people to do this tragedy.

@_date: 2001-09-14 22:14:08
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: [Fwd: Great article about afghanistan/taliban/bin laden] (fwd) 
Here is a good article originally posted to nanog which is a good write up
on afganistan and the horros which await.

@_date: 2001-09-15 01:46:29
@_author: used to be, changed his mind after WTC attack 
@_subject: Re: On Internet and social responsibility 
Vadim - I think in american we call it free speech.  The content of the
message is not the issue - it is the right to publish it and one's
opinion which is the issue here guranteed by the U.S. constitution.

@_date: 2001-09-17 07:45:42
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: UPCOMING EXECUTION - PRISONER WILL BE BOILED IN THE CHAIR 
I just received an urgent message from Mr. Fred Leuchter, who has traveled the nation for many years as a consultant for execution methods.  His job is to review and improve the instruments by which the death penalty is imposed in each state.
If you are like me, you probably wonder why a person would concentrate his life on instruments of death when he doesn't even believe in the death penalty.  I asked Mr. Leuchter that question and he replied that, but since we insist on employing state sanctioned murder, at least we should be as humane as possible about it.
He's very concerned about an upcoming electrocution in Ohio.  The electric chair there is defective and the death of John Byrd Jr will be exceptionally horrible unless the defects are corrected before the execution.
If you have media and authority contacts in Ohio, get this message to them!
METHODS OF DEATH Manuals Published by Fred A. Leuchter Associates, Inc. can be viewed on Making the Walls Transparent under Tools of "Corrections" at  Kay Lee
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Saturday, September 15, 2001 3:18 PM
Dear Kay, I have been in touch with Attorney Richard Vickers of the Ohio Public Defenders office in Columbus.  He represents John Byrd, Jr. who is about to  be electrocuted in a chair with defective electrodes and voltages which are too low.  His blood will boil while he is conscious, almost like being burned at the stake in the chair. I have sent him a sworn opinion as to the problems with the chair.  In the meanwhile, a legislator has filed emergency legislation to eliminate the chair entirely.  He can use all the help he can get.  If you can advise your Ohio subscribers to contact their reps and senators to support the legislation it would be helpful.  The Attorney is Richard Vickers, Esquire
Public Defenders Office
Columbus, Ohio 614-466-5394. Fred. p.s. I am back in Boston (Malden) permanently now (moved 2 weeks ago). Fred Leuchter 172 Belmont Street Malden, MA  02148 Phone: Voice.  781-322-0104. Fax.     781-322-2463

@_date: 2001-09-18 09:19:02
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: IP: Osama bin Laden and crypto (fwd) 
In other words these twits we pay to run our government violate the
privacy of another individual by disclosing internal government documents
(audio tapes) on an irrelevant conversation bin Laden has with his mother to third parties who have no business with it.

@_date: 2001-09-18 09:19:02
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: IP: Osama bin Laden and crypto (fwd) 
In other words these twits we pay to run our government violate the
privacy of another individual by disclosing internal government documents
(audio tapes) on an irrelevant conversation bin Laden has with his mother to third parties who have no business with it.

@_date: 2001-09-20 05:46:22
@_author: s 
@_subject: RE: Text of "Mobilization Against Terrorism Act" now online 
mata means to kill in spanish and portugese.  your playing around here
with word tenses.  and matar does in no way mean murder.  it does mean
to kill, or to slay.  mata is not an acceptable word usuage in spanish with respect to the process of killing or slaying - it is however in
common usage.  In both languages it is considered a slang term when used
alone.  it can mean murderer or assasine when used as a noun -
i.e. matador.
now i have no idea where you are coming from in your claims that mata has
anything to do with plants.  i suspect many portions of the old spanish
empire may have mutated their language usage where mata has some reference
to plants - but i doubt it.
I think what you are doing here is confusing spanish with portuguese.  In
portuguese mata can in fact refer to a forest, woods or a jungle area.  and in association with other common terms can mean various things.  i.e. mata + borrao = paper blotters, rato(s) derived from rat =
arsenic, virgem = virgin or primeval forest.  I think thats where your
confusing your spanish definition of mata that it has some association
with plants.
don't forget that portuguese was originally a military language developed
and derived from spanish and much of the word and sentence structure is
intentionally confusing.  the meaning of a word structure and the
associated definitions are not defined in the words but in the sentence
structure and sometimes like chinese in the inflection used by the

@_date: 2001-09-20 18:38:17
@_author: spanish 
@_subject: Re: Online Dictionary - Spanish/English - "mata" <> "kill" 
Like I told you in english - it's a slang term and only those using the
language would know that ;-).
I'm still baffeled as to which dictionary you used to associate mata
(spanish) with plants ?-)

@_date: 2001-09-21 20:08:36
@_author: EDT 
@_subject: Re: PGP author under fire for terrorist use of crypto 
Mr. May - you have a wonderful sense of humour.  Thanks you for this
mornings laught.  And it made a good point.

@_date: 2001-09-23 04:19:50
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: crypto in Pakistan punishable by execution 
Just picked this up on CNN interview.
Any use of encryption technology in Pakistan is now punishable by
Can someone look into this who may have access to this sort of information
to confirm or deny the report.
joe baptista

@_date: 2001-09-23 04:19:50
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: crypto in Pakistan punishable by execution 
Just picked this up on CNN interview.
Any use of encryption technology in Pakistan is now punishable by
Can someone look into this who may have access to this sort of information
to confirm or deny the report.
joe baptista

@_date: 2001-10-30 17:48:45
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: RE: English Service on Al-Jazeera News (When Mullah Nasreddine 
If you can please send email to Al-Jazeera at
marketing-europe and show them you are interested in an
english service.  I've attached the correspondence I've had with them
The dot.GOD Registry, Limited
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I would suggest that Al Jazeera's Management consider is a live english
translation service carried over the internet.  You simply broadcast you
video through an existing software product like read video while
providing simultaneous translation in english.  I think that would be more
cost effective and will reach more people then an english service on an
additional satelite transponder.
Many Americans and other westerners are searching for answers and were not
getting much attention from our local broadcasters.  All we end up getting
is propaganda and not much else.
In closing thank you for the consideration you have given my request.
joe baptista

@_date: 2001-10-30 17:44:40
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: FC: FBI's NIPC on "cyber protests" and political hacking (fwd) 
i doubt this announcement is any surprise.
Joe Baptista
The dot.GOD Registry, Limited
The Executive Plaza, Suite 908
150 West 51st Street                     Tel: 1 (208) 330-4173
Manhattan Island NYC 10019 USA           Fax: 1 (208) 293-9773
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Source: National Infrastructure Protection Center
Cyber Protests: The Threat to the U.S. Information Infrastructure
October 2001
Executive Summary
Political events and emerging international situations will
increasingly lead to cyber protests. The cyber protests that have
occurred thus far have had little impact on U.S. infrastructure. As
computing technology becomes faster and better, and hacking tools
become more advanced and easier to use, cyber protesting and
hacktivism will become more significant to U.S. national interests.
Cyber protesters are becoming increasingly more organized and their
techniques more sophisticated but, most likely, will continue to
deface web sites and perform DoS attacks. There will also be an
increase in the number of apparently unrelated hacking groups
participating in the cyber protests. National boundaries will not
always be clearly delineated in attacks on opposing organizations.
International activity will also tend to spill over into the United
States. Because the United States is a multicultural, world-leading
nation it will suffer from attacks on culturally related sites and
structures in the future.
Generally, the most popularly targeted sites are those belonging to
government, educational, commercial, and cultural institutions.
However, any site with an exploitable vulnerability will be
susceptible to a cyber attack. The infrastructure has been targeted in
other countries in cyber protests and it is expected that it will
eventually be targeted in the United States as well. Cyber protesters
certainly will target infrastructure more often and exploit
opportunities to disrupt or damage it.
Web sites that remain open to known hacking tools will have a higher
probability of suffering defacement. Network administrators must
remain educated and defenses must evolve along with the threats and
offensive capabilities. Although the cyber protests seen today have
already caused limited damage, the potential for future attacks could
bring about large economic losses as well as potentially severe damage
to the national infrastructure, affecting global markets as well as
public safety.
In the last decade, with the explosion of the size of the Internet,
protests and political activism have entered a new realm. (1)
Political activism on the Internet has already generated a wide range
of activity, from using e-mail and web sites to organize, to web page
defacements and denial-of-service (DoS) attacks. (2) These politically
motivated computer-based attacks are usually described as hacktivism,
a marriage of hacking and political activism.
In addition to the consistent activity of groups devoted to a specific
long-term cause, the Internet has also seen short-term periods of
intense political activity, which can be referred to as cyber
protests. Cyber protests have become a worldwide phenomenon available
to anyone with access to computers. Unrestrained by geographic
boundaries, protesters have an enormous forum in which to be heard.
Cyber protesters have a wide range of goals or objectives. Some
hackers want to expose government corruption or fundamental violation
of human rights; others just want to hack and cause mischief for fun.
It has only been since 1998 that cyber protests have skyrocketed in
popularity and become commonplace in today's computerized world.
The most common type of cyber protest comes in the form of web page
defacements. In such scenarios, a web site is compromised through some
security deficiency and the hacker is able to alter it, many times
placing propaganda, profanity, or pornographic images on it. This can
range from being a nuisance and embarrassment for an organization to a
major economic loss for an e-commerce business.
Protests and civil disturbances are nothing new. People unhappy with
their situations have always found outlets to spread their message, be
it a peaceful sit-in, letter-writing campaign, picket march, or
violent gang fight. Now, with the advent of the Internet and the
growing number of people online, it has become easier to organize
protests. That is not to say that every web defacement is an organized
event on the part of some political organization. Many defacements are
perpetrated by lone hackers that have no political motivation other
than to create chaos. Nation-states and their respective citizens have
also been involved in cyber protests. Several countries have waged
ongoing cyber battles against each other through web defacements and
DoS attacks. Mail bombing is a popular form of a DoS attack. Massive
amounts of e-mail or web traffic are directed against a specific site,
overloading it and causing it to crash. It should be noted, however,
that some parties involved in these cyber protests are not citizens of
the respective countries. They might hold similar views or they might
be involved just to participate in hacking different sites. Alliances
can be tenuous at best for some of these groups.
Chinese Hackers
One high profile incident occurred in May 1999 after the United States
accidentally bombed the Chinese embassy in Belgrade, Yugoslavia during
the NATO air campaign. U.S. web sites were defaced in the name of
China and massive e-mail campaigns were executed to gain sympathy and
support for the Chinese cause. Government web sites were primarily
targeted. The U.S. Departments of Energy and the Interior, and the
National Park Service all suffered web page defacements. In addition,
the White House web site was taken down for three days after it was
continually mail bombed. This action was relatively unorganized in
fashion, short in length, and affected a small number of U.S. sites.
Pro-Chinese hackers also acted against Taiwan during the Taiwanese
presidential elections in August and September 1999. Cyber protesters
and hacktivists compromised 165 Taiwanese web sites, mainly defacing
them, over the two-month period. Their ultimate goal, as it was
stated, was to negatively affect and bring down Taiwan's
infrastructure. Among the targeted sites were electricity, economic
institutions, telecommunications, and air traffic control. Although
teams began to develop and organize near the end of the operations,
the damage was relatively light, similar to the attacks on U.S. sites
earlier in the year. Importantly, strategic targeting and some
organization of forces became accepted strategies for future protests
and hacks. These hackers are likely to become more organized and more
successful in future incidents. (3)
In late April and early May 2001 pro-Chinese hacktivists and cyber
protesters began a cyber assault on U.S. web sites. This resulted from
an incident in early April where a Chinese fighter jet was lost at sea
after colliding with a U.S. naval reconnaissance airplane. It also
coincided with the two-year anniversary of the Chinese embassy bombing
by the United States in Belgrade and the traditionally celebrated May
Day and Youth Day in China. Led by the Honkers Union of China (HUC),
pro-Chinese hackers defaced or crashed over 100 seemingly random web
sites, mainly .gov and .com, through DoS attacks and similar exploits.
(4) Although some of the tools used were sophisticated, they were
readily available to both sides on the Internet.
Many defacements of U.S. sites included posting pictures of the dead
Chinese pilot Wang Wei and profane messages calling for the downfall
of the United States. ProUnited States hackers responded with similar
defacements, messages, and damage on 300 Chinese web sites. Of
interest is that some pro-Chinese hackers violated hacker etiquette by
wiping some compromised servers. (5) The rule of thumb is to deface or
crash a web site but to leave the information intact, otherwise it is
considered bad form. (6)
Israeli and Palestinian Hackers
In October 2000, Israeli and Palestinian hackers engaged in
adversarial hacking when the prolonged peace talks between the two
groups broke down. During this difficult time, hackers seized the
opportunity to attack web sites belonging to the opposition. Starting
October 6, 2000, 40 Israeli web sites and at least 15 Palestinian web
sites suffered defacements at the hands of opposing hackers. (7) This
coincided, of course, with physical violence in the region. It was
also a problem for U.S. based web sites. U.S. web sites will often
fall victim, regardless of their lack of proximity or involvement in
the events. For example, several U.S. sites were hacked by
pro-Palestinian hacktivists, including the take down of a lobbyist
group web site. The hackers then posted group membership information
and credit card numbers. (8) This activity did little to affect the
United States as a whole although it illustrates how a seemingly
unrelated event can potentially affect U.S. sites.
The level of sophistication ranged from low-level activity using
simple defacements to coordinated, relatively sophisticated attacks
such as potential root access penetrations. Several hacking tools were
developed specifically for this engagement. Any type of attack was
considered during this time, including the perpetration of viruses,
DoS attacks with e-mail bombing, and sustained, amplified pinging
attacks. Web sites containing these various hacking tools were readily
available for download to anyone who wanted to join the action.
Pro-Palestinian hackers hit any type of Israeli sites that they were
able to compromise, many times defacing them with messages such as,
"Free Palestine" or "Free Kashmir." (9) FloodNet software was a major
tool used by the Israelis. The cyber protesters simply visited a site
and FloodNet would repeatedly send requests to the targeted server.
This type of virtual sit-in is a popular form of a DoS attack. Many of
these attacks were successful as servers were bombarded and went down
repeatedly. Targets included ethnic specific organizational web sites
and those of financial institutions to disrupt the infrastructure.
E-commerce sites crashed and there was an economic impact reflected in
the Israeli markets. It was, however, the root access attempts that
were most dangerous for the defenders. Hackers who can gain root
access to sites give them unlimited freedom to do whatever they wish.
This is the highest level of penetration possible although no
successful root access penetrations were reported.
These events attracted a wide variety of hackers eager to join the
fight. Both sides were well-organized and used reconnaissance and
intelligence gathering techniques to maximize their effectiveness.
Even outside hacking groups, such as G-Force Pakistan, joined forces
with the Palestinians to lend a helping hand. This is increasingly
common. Some outside groups join an effort because they have similar
political or ethnic motivations, however, this is not always the case.
Some groups participate in hacks simply for the desire to hack or the
publicity, not out of a sense of loyalty.
Overall it can be expected that Israeli and Palestinian hackers will
be active whenever a stumbling block appears in the road to possible
peace between the groups. On the other hand, increased hacking might
also occur when the Israelis and Palestinians are close to a peace
agreement. System administrators must remain vigilant and focused on
providing effective network security.
Indian and Pakistani Hackers
Another example is India and Pakistan engaging in a cyber protest
caused by national and ethnic differences. After a cease-fire in the
Kashmir Valley hackers took it upon themselves to continue the
hostilities. In 2000, pro-Pakistani hackers defaced more than 500
Indian web sites. Conversely, only one known Pakistani site was hacked
by the Indians. This illustrates a large difference in technical,
hacking abilities or the willingness to use the skills to strike at an
adversary. In this event the apparent level of sophistication on both
sides is relatively low. Web site defacements are the leading form of
this protest. The group G-Force Pakistan was the most active group
claiming involvement in the events. 10
Japanese Incidents
Recently, Japan has been targeted twice in online protests. During the
first week of April 2001, pro-Korean hackers attacked Japanese
organizations responsible for the approval of a new history textbook.
The textbook glossed over atrocities committed by Japan during World
War II and the occupation of China and South Korea. The perceived
reluctance of Japan to accept responsibility for its actions triggered
these events. The main participants in this incident were Korean
university students, who used e-mail bombs in a DoS attack. The
students crashed several web sites, including Japan's Education
Ministry, Liberal Democratic Party and the publishing company
responsible for the textbook." These attacks were neither long lasting
nor were they largely organized.
In early August 2001, pro-Chinese hackers targeted Japanese web sites
after Japan's Prime Minister visited a controversial war memorial, the
Yasukuni Shrine. In a brief period of time, hackers defaced several
web sites belonging mainly to Japanese companies and research
institutes. 12 This indicates the continuing willingness of
pro-Chinese hackers to use cyberspace and hacking tools as a platform
for protests and cyber civil disobedience, as well as for displaying a
strong sense of patriotic nationalism.
While the cyber damage thus far has been minimal, the infrastructure
will certainly be a target of cyber protestors and hacktivists in the
future, with the potential goal being intentional destruction rather
than public embarrassment or purely political statements. Pro-active
network defense and security management are imperative to the
prevention of more serious damage to infrastructure assets.
International cooperation and private-public cooperation within the
United States is necessary to ensure the ongoing function of the
critical infrastructure.
1. Historically, groups have never had the global platform that the
Internet provides today. Bulletin boards and group subscriber lists
were the only computerized links protestors had from the 1970s through
the early 1990s. The introduction of web browsers supporting graphics
and multimedia content and the expansive growth of the Internet,
coupled with the growing number of home computers, gave organizations
a new outlet for distributing information or disrupting events for a
political cause. The fact that many organizations have a web site has
enabled them to spread their beliefs to a wider audience. It has also
enabled other groups to target them for attack.
2. Freedom of speech is a fundamental right protected by the
Constitution of the United States of America that should not be taken
lightly. Individuals and groups generally have the right to actively
and legally support those causes in which they believe. Many
protesters and political activist groups have used cyberspace to
organize and advance their memberships and activities. Using computers
and the Internet has greatly increased protesters' effectiveness in
spreading their message and achieving their goals. This paper deals
with past incidents in which cyber protests have led to the
destruction of property and other illegal activities, citing,
specifically, foreign protests.
3. "China-Taiwan Hacker Wars," Jane's Information Group Limited 1999.
Volume 000/2565, 21 October 1999 [online]; available from
 Internet.
4. Rose Tang, "China-U.S. Cyber War Escalates," 01 May 2001 [online];
available from
5. "Chinese Hackers Concede Defeat in U.S. Hacker War, Call
Cease-fire," Agence France Presse, 10 May 2001.
6. This highlights the fact that although web defacements usually
cause minimal damage, they indicate a very serious breach in security.
A web defacement is, by definition, the manipulation of a web server's
data by gaining unauthorized access to that server. It must be
determined if the hacker installed a back door, introduced malicious
code, or affected the server in any other way. A seemingly low-level
hack could result in future problems if systems administrators do not
take positive actions to stop future intrusions and restore the server
to its previous condition.
7. Larisa Paul, "When Cyber Hacktivism Meets Cyberterrorism," Sans
Institute, 19 February 2001 [online]; available from
 Internet.
8. "Hacktivists Take Conflict to Internet," Associated Press, 4
November 2000.
9. "Hacktivists Take Conflict to Internet," Associated Press, 4
November 2000.
10. Kaajal Wallia, "Indians, Pakistanis Play Patriotic Games on Net,"
The Times of India, 06 January 2001.
11. Stuart McMillan, "Cyber Attackers Remind Japan of its Infamous
Past," The National Business Review, 2001. 04 April 2001 [online];
available from 12. "Chinese Hackers Attack Japanese Web sites over Shrine Visit,"
Agence France Presse, 14 August 2001.
(end text)

@_date: 2001-10-10 04:42:40
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Any Reason I Should NOT Killfile Choate? 
he's a lovely lad.  Choate is like a spicy dish full of gems.  But there's
so much spice it's hard to find the gems.

@_date: 2001-10-06 08:47:45
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Fwd: Major Networks Refuse Front Sight's ARM PILOTS Commercial 
The commercial which was rejected by major networks in the US is available
at ---------- Forwarded message ----------
Joe Baptista
The dot.GOD Registry, Limited
The Executive Plaza, Suite 908
150 West 51st Street                     Tel: 1 (208) 330-4173
Manhattan Island NYC 10019 USA           Fax: 1 (208) 293-9773

@_date: 2001-10-05 01:45:15
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: 9-11 The Video - The Graveyard. 
This is one of the most revealing videos of the New War in America.  It's
a painful self examination of the horror that America has become after
9-11.  New Yorkers discuss how lives have been affected - not only pain,
but the confusions and uncertainty of the future.
I think it's time to put on the seatbelts and get ready for the sixties on
estacy.  New Yorkers are grieving in many ways.  There is a graveyard in
the middle of NYC and that is drawing powerful emotions which are examined
in detail in this vidio.  You will require a real audio player to view.
Joe Baptista
more videos at The dot.GOD Registry, Limited
150 West 51st Street, Suite 908
NYC, NY, USA 10019

@_date: 2001-10-08 01:05:06
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: [IAP NEWS] Amnesty International urges investigation of Ariel Sharon 
AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL Latest Press Release
Amnesty International urges investigation of Ariel Sharon
Publish date: 03/10/2001
A court in Brussels will today (3 October 2001) begin to
consider arguments about whether Israel's Prime Minister
Ariel Sharon may be investigated in Belgium for alleged
war crimes committed in Lebanon in 1982 while he was
Israel's Minister of Defence.
"Amnesty International welcomes actions taken in
accordance with international law to combat impunity,"
said the organization. "We support the judicial
investigation into Ariel Sharon's responsibility with
regard to the Sabra and Shatila massacre." The complaint against Sharon was first lodged with the
Belgian Public Prosecutor's Office in June 2001. Ariel
Sharon was Minister of Defence, with overall
responsibility for the Israeli Defence Forces (IDF), at
the time of the 1982 massacre of Palestinians in Sabra and
Shatila refugee camps on the outskirts of Beirut. The IDF
allowed the Lebanese Phalange militia to enter the camps
where the killing of hundreds, mostly Palestinian
refugees, continued for at least 30 hours. The
complainants, a group of 23 Lebanese and Palestinians, had
filed the case under Belgian legislation enacted in 1993
and 1999 which allows Belgian courts to prosecute
foreigners for certain offences committed abroad,
including genocide, war crimes and crimes against
humanity. However, the resulting investigation was
suspended by the investigating magistrate in early
September 2001 until doubts about the legal validity of
the procedure were resolved. Amnesty International calls on states to ensure prompt,
thorough and independent investigations wherever
allegations of crimes under international law are made. If
such an investigation shows there is enough evidence for a
prosecution, then, in accordance with international law
which allows the national courts of any state to try
people accused of such crimes, regardless of the
nationality of the alleged perpetrators or victims and
regardless of where the crimes were committed, Amnesty
International calls on states to bring the accused to
trial or extradite them to another country for trial,
provided certain safeguards are met. No one may be
extradited to a country which cannot assure that any trial
on such charges meets international standards for fairness
and does not result in the imposition of the death penalty
or other cruel, inhuman or degrading punishment. The lawyer representing Israel argued that Belgium lacks
the legal authority to try Ariel Sharon on charges
relating to the 1982 massacre. Among her arguments the
lawyer stated that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has
immunity as a head of government; the case had already
been considered in Israel by the Kahan Commission of
Inquiry, which was a judicial commission; the 1993 law
cannot be used retroactively; and the case has no
connection with Belgium. A Brussels public prosecutor
rejected the defence arguments and said that the case
should go ahead. The court hearing due to start on 3
October will rule on the legality of the proceedings
against Ariel Sharon in Belgium, not on the content of the
case against him.
Amnesty International has welcomed Belgium's universal
jurisdiction laws and the 27 August 2001 statements
attributed to Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt
voicing support for the legislation and suggesting that it
be extended to the entire European Union.
The first case involving the exercise of universal
jurisdiction to come to trial in Belgium resulted in the
conviction in June 2001 of four Rwandan nationals for war
crimes committed in 1994. Amnesty International welcomed
this judgement as a significant step forward in the use of
universal jurisdiction, an essential tool in the struggle
against impunity.
A number of criminal complaints have been lodged with the
Belgian courts against leaders and prominent members of
past and present governments. In addition to Ariel Sharon,
these have included: former Chilean President General
Augusto Pinochet; former Speaker of Parliament and
President of the Islamic Republic of Iran Hojjatoleslam
Ali Akbar Rafsanjani; former Moroccan Minister of Interior
Driss Basri; former Foreign Minister Abdoulaye Yerodia
Ndombasi and several other government ministers of the
Democratic Republic of the Congo;  President Paul Kagame
of Rwanda; former President Hissene Habre of Chad; and
President Saddam Hussein of Iraq.
The principle of universal jurisdiction permits the
national courts of any state to try people accused of
crimes under international law, including war crimes,
crimes against humanity, and genocide as well as torture,
extrajudicial executions and "disappearances," regardless
of the nationality of the alleged perpetrators or victims
and regardless of where the crimes were committed.
In 1983 the official Israeli Commission of Inquiry into
the Events at the Refugee Camps in Beirut concluded that
Minister of Defence Ariel Sharon had "disregarded the
danger of acts of vengeance and bloodshed by
Phalangists...  failed to take this danger into account
when he decided to have the Phalangists enter the
camps...[and had not ordered] appropriate measures for
preventing or reducing the danger of massacre as a
condition for the Phalangists' entry into the camps." The
commission recommended that "the Minister of Defence draw
the appropriate personal conclusions arising out of the
defects revealed with regard to the manner in which he
discharged the duties of his office." Ariel Sharon
resigned from his position as Minister of Defence
following publication of the Commission's report in 1983.
In February 2001 Ariel Sharon was elected Prime Minister
of Israel; he took office in March.
For more information please call Amnesty International's
press office in London, UK, on +44 20 7413 5566
Amnesty International, 1 Easton St., London WC1X 0DW web :

@_date: 2001-11-28 22:22:03
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: CBC News:  Russians unexpectedly arrive in Kabul (fwd) 
Looks like the russians have arrived for the party.
RUSSIANS UNEXPECTEDLY ARRIVE IN KABUL
FULL STORY:
   Last Updated: Tue Nov 27 22:16:38 2001    KABUL - While U.S. Marines were consolidating their bridgehead near
   Kandahar in southern Afghanistan, Russian troops unexpectedly arrived
   in Kabul.
   They set up camp on a piece of waste ground, and have so far refused
   to say what they're doing in the capital.
   Some sources said they are setting up a temporary embassy, others said
   a field hospital. But it looks like a military camp and many Afghans
   have bitter memories of the 10 years of Soviet occupation.
   "A few years ago they came here (to) Afghanistan and they fought with
   people. And they are very crude people. We don't like (them)," said
   one man. "Russians destroyed all of Afghanistan. Maybe they are now
   coming to help," said another.
   Given the Soviet occupation of this country in the 1980s, Russian
   soldiers may not be the ideal choice for a humanitarian mission. But
   Russia is a strong supporter of the Northern Alliance, which has been
   in power in Kabul for two weeks.
   Russia may be flexing its muscle as one of the regional powers in
   Afghanistan, or it may be keen to show that if Washington can put
   Marines in Kandahar, then Moscow can put troops in downtown Kabul.
   Written by CBC News Online staff
   Patrick Brown reports for CBC TV Runs 1:58

@_date: 2001-11-13 16:04:23
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Al Jazeera plans version in English 
Finally - real british style news reporting and real journalism to balance
the constant jibberish one see's on CNN and for that matter most of the
north american news channels.
Source: The Telegraph - UK
Type: Web Pointer; Sample
URL: Title: Al Jazeera plans version in English
Al Jazeera plans version in English By Charles Clover in Doha
(Filed: 12/11/2001) THE only television station broadcasting live from Taliban-held areas of
Afghanistan plans to introduce an English version early next year. Al Jazeera, based in Qatar, has around 15 million viewers a day in the
Arab world, including satellite subscribers in the West. But, as it
broadcasts in Arabic, it does not have the global audiences that
broadcasting in English could bring it. Clips from Al Jazeera's footage of the bombing of Kabul and the video
messages sent by Osama bin Laden to its office in Kabul have been used by
networks around the world, including the BBC, ITN, CNN and Sky News. But the station has been accused by Colin Powell, the US secretary of
state, and Tony Blair of screening broadcasts which could contain coded
messages and Taliban propaganda without a critical commentary. Ibrahim Hilal, the 32-year-old Egyptian editor-in-chief of the station,
said he was under intense pressure from managers to launch English
language broadcasts by January. He thought March was more realistic. He denies allegations of bias: "We give time to anybody in this crisis. If
the Archbishop of Canterbury has something to say he will be on my screen. We had him the other day." ) Copyright of Telegraph Group Limited 2001. Joe Baptista
The dot.GOD Registry, Limited

@_date: 2001-11-06 17:46:50
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: FC: Correction: FAA.gov *still* runs open mail relay (fwd) 
I think it's silly.
here we have a government which claims some understanding of the net yet
most of their network infrastructure is insecure.  and this open smtp
relay is just the tip of the iceburg.
a few years ago i scanned all military domain name servers for
vulnerabilities under the old buggy bind4.  A large number of military dns
were found to be insecure.
i then proceeded to contact these administrator to have them upgrade their
servers in order to secure them.  a handful did the rest just ignored the
and i doubt much has changed today.
silly happy government

@_date: 2001-11-01 04:19:07
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Re: [The Star Article] Canadian lawyers asked to fink on 
The next time you plunk down money for a lawyer, you might also be hiring
the government's chief witness against you.

@_date: 2001-11-20 02:27:19
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
well we seem to have some self proclaimed experts here - have faith
Declan.  After all being a journalist is an act of faith these days - just
extend the concept.

@_date: 2001-11-19 20:15:39
@_author: tcmay@got.net 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
exactly right Ken .. as i said before to Tim May - propaganda is the
key.  Example - antrax theatre.
i must admit i'm warming up to Tim May's tall pipe means of attaining
critical mass - much easier then playing with explosive and timing
devices - my only question is do our experts see a problem with
that means of delivery?

@_date: 2001-11-17 11:46:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
hold on mr. expert.
you hold a sub critical mass in your hand and in a few days you end up
shitting out your guts, lose your hair and die.
so i assume the person who had the opportunity to hold such a critical
mass is now dead.  where are you getting your info on what it feels
like?  curious george here.

@_date: 2001-11-17 09:58:53
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
now how can we achive that.
like everyone else - i love the show.  sex is better.  the prices are
dropping.  so i can't really complain from the consumers point of
view.  however i am a human being and i do think it's time we get our
demented politicians to stop this crap once and for all.
so how to do this bill.
i personally think we should maybe make laws to hang politicians.  start
hanging them petty crimes they commit against us - i.e. environmental
polution and we can work up from there.
but i'm a bit of a radical and am willing to listen to other options.
anyone have ideas.

@_date: 2001-11-17 09:53:26
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
No Tim - that is incorrect.  The Thermal incursion will do just
swell.  Remember these people are making a point.  So the nuclear device
is nothing more then a prop in an endless show of pain.  The rest of the
act will rely on the audience.  I remind you of antrax theatre.

@_date: 2001-11-17 09:33:37
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
I went fishing and here we are - the truth.
I'm not saying this to insult you.  After all christ was a fisher of
man.  The only important thing which you have written me to date is stated
above - and I quote "It just is such an obvious point as to be
Correct Tim - absolutly correct.  And why is that.  Why has this
civilization reached the point where the death of people is
And why do we as a civilized people involve ourselves in endless drivel
invoiving steal bowls while the unexception suffer.  This civilization has
become an abomination in the eyes of god and pretty well any other
civilized intellect who recognize that the unexception is in reality
a horror of vast purportions.
This civilization claims to love it's children - yet children are
massacred yearly in the thousands.  Most of it state sponsored.  This civilization claims it loves democracy, yet we fund israelly nazis
who brutalize the palestinian people.  Obvioulsy very unexceptional - yes?
East Timor, South Arfrica ... crimes, murders, rapes - all state funded -
Now Tim your a bright boy - why do you think all of this has become
"unexceptional".  That one i'm not too sure I understand.  I suspect it
involves some conditioning for us to consider this so unexceptional.
I mean Tim - let's get real - if your mother gets raped pillaged and
pludered - i in some way doubt you would conisder that unexceptional.  So
why do we allow our governments to continue in this unexecptional way with
the mother of others?

@_date: 2001-11-17 08:37:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
I very much doubt terrorist would build an efficient bomb.  Non of what we
discussed is effcient.  Your pipe idea is a very interesting example.  But
I think the point is made that harm can be done.  Even if the mass does
not go critical - it still means a few city blocks that will be
inconvenienced from the resulting radiation.  You pipe certainly would not
go boom - but it would leave a mess of radioactivity in the area.

@_date: 2001-11-17 08:18:31
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Now - i've replied to you below - but I think were missing the point of
the post.  So i'll repeat - it's easy to do harm when you have the will to
die to rally your cause - as we have seen on sept 11.  and i find it
regrettable that conditions exist in which people use extreme methods
to focus the people of this planet on the fact that western governments
are basically evil.
Now the remainder of my reply is not much more then having a physics
discussion - which i think is not the point - but --
I said it was malleable - it can be worked.  maybe not the same way or
gold or silver - but as you can see from the periodic table it is
malleable.  I personally have never worked it.  But i have seen a few
pelets in my lifetime.
Possible - never build one myself.  I would assume that if it is harder to
work then gold - then just get very thick stanless steel bowls.  I'm sure
you'd need a few trials to figure it out.
just what it means - so your right - it shares that characteristic with
other metals.
sounds unrefined or badly oxidized.  I've never seen chunks of
uranium.  Was this in it's unrefined state.  What was it
exactly.  Pitchblende?

@_date: 2001-11-17 07:24:30
@_author: 235, 238 whatever 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Here's a reference which should give you a good but brief outline of
Uranium and it associated properties and uses.
Incendentally this reference is taken from the CRC Handbook of Chemistry
and Physics a great reference manual.  I still have my old copy in storage
- great paper weight ;)
Now one thing I've forgotten is that uranium is also pyrophoric when
finely divided.  I wonder if that property can be capitalized on to cause
harm.  Not only could one use Uranium (235, 238 whatever) as an incendiary
device but both types of U will leave a radioactive hazard.  Of course
it's more logical to use U-238 for that.

@_date: 2001-11-17 07:10:37
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
That is the issue is it not?  The fact is the building of a nuclear bomb
and the associated risks are questionable.  Much easier to just work with
easy to find materials.
Incidentally - the process of refining U-235 from U-238 is not impossible
- and I suspect U-235 is easily available on the black market.  It's
normally distributed as little pellets.
But you are absolutly correct - much easier to just goto the local
supermarket and pick up a few sundries and bang - you've got a bomb - or
something dangerous.
My point was that it is unfortunate that humanity is so repressed that
issues exist which cause individuals or groups to manufacture such things
with the intent of committing harm.  Sept 11 is an excellent example of
this where planes became flying bombs.
And it is much easier to walk onto a plane and use it to cause harm then
building a nuclear device.

@_date: 2001-11-17 06:43:04
@_author: A book my local Sheriff's Department banned in 1970. 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Incorrect.  Uranium is an actinide series element.  It is a hard silver
almost white substance which is both malleable and ductile.  Of course
this does not imply you should use it as a replacement for duck
tape.  Also like gold it has a luster when polished.
not surprised.

@_date: 2001-11-17 04:20:59
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
One thing that is bothering me these days are all the reports coming out
of Afganistan that nuclear bomb making plans were found.  Big
deal.  Anyone on the planet can make a nuclear device if they have the
appropriate materials.  The hard part is staying alive due to exposure
while manufacturing the device.
If however death is not an issue then the process itself becomes easy to
 4 stainless steal salad bowls (5 - 8 inch diameter)
10 pounds of U-235 (Plutonium)
 1 containment cylinder in which to fit the salad bowls
 ? some explosives - C4 platic works best - but TNT or gun powder is
10 pounds of U-235 is required to achive critical mass.  However less will
work but you will get a sub critical mass on detonation.  The difference
is taking out an entire city as opposed to a few city blocks.
Divide the U-235 into two five pound masses.  Beat it evenly into the inside of one of your salad bowls.  U-235 is malleable like gold so you
should have no problem shaping it.  Do the same with the other U-235 mass
and shape it into the other salad bowl.
Keep the two bowls apart - you don't want an accident to cause your
project to go critical.
C4 explosives work best.  You simply mold the C4 into the other two salad
bowls.  This is the most dangerous part of the project.  Improper handling
of C4 can cause an explosion.  But gun powder is just as effective.
Now fit the U-235 salad bowls into the C4 salad bowls and place them at
each end of the cylindrical containment.  Connect your explosives to a
detonator and close off the ends of the cylynder.  Make sure the detonator
sets off both explosives at the same time.
The trick is to bring the U-235 masses together at the same time.
And thats it.  I would recommend some form of protection while building
the project.  The aprons worn by dentists will work.  They will protect
you to some degree from radioactive poisoning.  However - your life is
only being prolonged by taking such measures - you still will end up dead
due to the U-235 radiation regardless of what you do.
And thats it.
Anyone on this planet can build a nuclear device.  So the only issue in
building the device is the will to die for a cause.  And the only thing I
find unfortunate in all of this is that there are so many causes that
people are willing to die for.  And war will not make those reasons go
away - it will only encourage them.
joe baptista

@_date: 2001-12-18 16:11:18
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Re: MY APPOLOGIES TO ALL CYPHERPUNKS - WAS Re: Returned mail: 
wow busy little beaver.  i think isaw about 100 of those before i filtered
them on this end.
had a look at it - the autoresponder was sending to the list owner at
minder - not the actual list.
normally it's a very well behaved autoresponder and only responds once to
a new email address - ignores lists.  But It was sending the list owner a
new reponse each time the spam was recived.
Joe Baptista
The dot.GOD Registry, Limited

@_date: 2001-12-07 18:35:26
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: RUSSIAN POLICE ARREST GANG TRYING TO SELL URANIUM 
Russian police say they have arrested seven members of an organized crime gang after they tried to sell about one kilogram of uranium to undercover officers. FULL STORY:
... and only a few days ago we were discussing this sort of thing.  Fancy
I would be interested to know if american broadcasters pick this up.
There is not much detail in the story.  They failed to report what type of
uranium it was - U-235?  If anyone has more details on this please advise.
joe baptista

@_date: 2001-12-13 16:03:56
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Re: Uzbekistan Eyewitnesses See Dozens of US Casualties 
I agree.  I suspect this may be more propaganda then fact.  The publishing
group is pro bin laden - or so claims the times of india.

@_date: 2001-12-13 12:04:36
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Uzbekistan Eyewitnesses See Dozens of US Casualties 
Notes to articles:
Once again I am seeing eyewitness reports claiming more
U.S. Casualties.  Yet I don't see simular reports in the U.S. Press
confirming or denying these claims.
Time will tell.  Dead bodies have a tendency of piling up in Afganistan
and I have no doubt that if they do exist they will be eventually noticed.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Source: Azzam Publications
URL:   or     or        or  Type: Web Pointer; Sample
Title: Uzbekistan Eyewitnesses See Dozens of US Casualties
12 December 2001 : Uzbekistan Eyewitnesses See Dozens of US Casualties
 Daily news, articles and interviews on the Jihad in Afghanistan LONDON (IWPR): The London-based Institute for War and Peace
Reporting has reported from Khanabad, Uzbekistan, that the US
air base in this city is receiving daily flights carrying dead
and injured US soldiers. Uzbek sources at Khanabad suggest
that the real figures of US casualties are far higher than the
Pentagon's official totals. Uzbek army personnel working at
the air base said scores of US casualties have been arriving
there. From November 25 to December 2, an Uzbek orderly
working with American medical staff said he had witnessed the
arrival of four to five US helicopters - carrying between them
10-15 American casualties - each day. The orderly said the US
staff he was helping confirmed the casualties coming off the
aircraft were Americans.
A reporter who managed to enter the air base with a group of
visiting Uzbek parents said that one whole floor of a building
and four large canvas tents were full of injured US soldiers,
who have suffered shrapnel and bullet wounds to the arms, leg
and head. The airport sources could not confirm how many
incoming casualties had died. One Uzbek soldier said that
since October 15 he had helped US servicemen load 20 body bags
onto American transport planes. But he could not confirm
whether they were dead US soldiers.
But there is other evidence of American fatalities. One Uzbek
officer said US soldiers had told him that four of their
comrades had died of their wounds on December 1 while being
airlifted to Khanabad. An Uzbek pilot spoke of the death last
week of an American soldier who he had become friendly with
while he was on the base. The US serviceman, he said, had died
in the attempt to end the prison riot on the outskirts of
Mazar-e-Sharif two weeks ago. "A lot of American troops died
there - it was a real battle, " the pilot said.
Uzbek army personnel say the atmosphere on the base has
changed distinctly in the last week or so. They say that in
October when the Americans began deploying at the airport,
they were gung-ho, telling their Uzbek counterparts that it
would take no more than a month and a half to defeat the
Taleban and al-Qaeda. While the Taleban appear to be on their
last legs, al-Qaeda fighters continue to resist in mountain
redoubts, with some US servicemen at Khanabad now resigned to
a long haul. Uzbek military staff say frustration at this is
noticeable. They say they have witnessed growing tensions
among American troops, often overhearing arguments and
shouting matches.
ARAB MUJAHIDEEN WITNESSED AERIAL SUPPORT FROM ALLAAH(SWT)
TORA BORA (Special Report): On Saturday afternoon after Asr
Prayers, the Eastern Shura launched a concentrated offensive
against Mujahideen positions in the Tora Bora mountains.
According to news reports from the area, it was the most
intense attack launched against them so far. Haji Qadeer's
forces had close air and armour support. The US Air Force
bombed the Mujahideen positions savegely and heavy armour was
also pitted against them. The fighting was so intense that the
Mujahideen initiated a tactical retreat to the mountains with
light weapons. They had earlier resolved to die fighting
instead of being taken prisoner. It was when they had moved
back and the forces of the Eastern Shura, supported by a heavy
detachment of US ground troops had moved forward, that bombs
began to fall on the Coalition forces from the sky, killing
300 of the enemy comprising Americans and Haji Qadeer's
This was without doubt a miracle from Allah (SWT) who had
blinded the American pilots so that they bombed their own
people. The Mujahideen counter- attacked after this incident
and killed another 300 US troops/ Alliance militia, capturing
100 prisoners. It has been reported that a joint force of 900
troops including US soldiers and Eastern Shura militia
attacked the Mujahideen who numbered around 500 troops.
This was a highly organised offensive against the Mujahideen,
which was coordinated by high-ranking US military commanders,
whose mutilated bodies littered the battlefield at the end of
the battle. It has been reported that after this major victory
for the Mujahideen, Haji Qadeer asked the Americans to deploy
more ground troops as American air support has proved to be
impotent against the Mujahideen and lethal instead to the
Americans and their agents. The Mujahideen sources claimed
that it was doubtlessly help from Allah (SWT)
AL-JAZEERA CHANNEL: AMERICAN COMMANDERS KILLED BY MORTAR FIRE
IN TORA BORA
TORA BORA (Al-Jazeera): It was one day last week when a mortar
round from the Arab Mujahideen positions in Tora Bora hit the
command center of the Eastern Alliance, while a planning
session was in progress. According to news reports, high level
US military commanders as well as Haji Qadir's top commanders
were present in the session. The command center was destroyed
by the round and the Eastern Alliance militia used excessive
force to keep the foreign journalists and TV crews from the
scene of carnage. Al-Jazeera Network speculated that this
harrassement was to cover up the heavy blow dealt to the
command structure of the US forces in the area.

@_date: 2001-12-26 16:25:05
@_author: was: C4 commercial web page 
@_subject: Explosive dicks and assholes (was: C4 commercial web page) 
Thats a small dick.  I assume it has growth potential.
But my recommendations are not to use your dick for the explosives.  Use
your asshole.  You can stuff a whole wad of explosive materials up
there.  And there is a precedent for that sort of thing.  Prisoners have
been using their assholes for centuries to move contraban.
I can see it now.  Airports everywhere employing teams of proctologists
while passengers bend over for the safty checks.

@_date: 2002-01-30 22:32:54
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Re: FC: ICANN at-large membership organization being proposed 
i'm surprised you would let this get by without comment.
ICANN already has an AT-Large Membership.  But the directors elected by
that existing membership are not allowed to communicate with their
constituency.  Where have you been declan - mars?
Furthermore ester dyson is to a large extent responsible for the demise of
the exiting AT-Large community.  Why should we trust her now?
This membership organization is nothing more nor less then another icann
joke on the internet community - and i'm seriously surprised you would let
this slip by without comment.
joe baptista

@_date: 2002-01-26 07:41:11
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: Government Email Lists 
I'm going through the archives of our subsidiary pccf.net and have come
across some files which might be useful to put into public distribution.
These are email addresses to over 48,000 government addresses.  The
breakdown is below.  The lists are dated in July 2000.  If anyone is
interested send me email and i'll send you the URL once I package them.
joe baptista
         project-australia-gov:
         SUBJECT HEADER: Howto talk to God
         Authority: Paul Twomey    3171  australia-gov-web-email-list
         project-canada-gov:
         SUBJECT HEADER: Your computer is having problems communicating with my computer
         Authority: Michael Helm    5409  canada-civil-service-web-email-list
         project-japan-gov:
         SUBJECT HEADER: Your invited to a party in Yokohama City
         Authority: Jun-ichiro Miyazaki    1611  project-japan-gov/japan-city-gov-email-lists
   3053  project-japan-gov/japan-gov-email-lists
     42  project-japan-gov/japan-political-party-email-lists
   4706  subtotal
         project-us-gov:
         SUBJECT HEADER: I pay your salary - so why can't we communicate
         Authority: Becky Burr    9696  us-gov-email-list
         project-us-mil:
         SUBJECT HEADER: The President's cigar and Ester Dyson
         Authority: Becky Burr    9921  us-military-master-email-control-list
         Personalized email distribution
  15266  us-military-web-email-list
         General email distribution
   (113) Dups
  25074  subtotal
 =======   48056  total

@_date: 2002-01-18 17:01:25
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: An Important Article by Historian Jeremy Brecher: Open Letter 
Today's commentary:  ================================== ZNet Commentary Open Letter from an American to the World: HELP! December 28, 2001 By Jeremy Brecher The Bush Administration is blundering into a global conflagration.  There
is currently no force within the U.S. likely to stop it.  It is up to the
rest of the world, and especially Americas friends and allies -- both
governments and their citizens -- to constrain its rush to disaster. The Bush administration was warned by its European and Arab allies and its
friends around the world to avoid: --A long bombing campaign with significant civilian casualties in
Afghanistan.    --Seizure of Kabul by the Northern Alliance. --Bombing Afghanistan during Ramadan. --Failure to reestablish the Israeli-Palestinian peace process. --Withdrawal from the Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM) Treaty. Each of these warnings was ignored.  And the emerging result of these and
similar Bush Administration policies is a vast global destabilization that
is acquiring a momentum going far beyond the responses to September 11.
As The New York Times reports, "new battlegrounds" have opened up "from
the Palestinian territories to Kashmir." Whether or not the war in Afghanistan was justified, the issue is no
longer about destroying Al Qaeda, or removing the repressive Taliban
regime, or even whether the U.S. will attack Iraq.  The issue is now an emerging world crisis provoked by a superpower
administration that is acting without rational consideration of the
effects of its actions.  The number of additional civil and international
wars it may stir up is simply incalculable -- and certainly is not being
rationally calculated by the Bush administration. This represents a new stage in testing what it means to be the worlds
only superpower.  As a German official put it in The New York Times, in
the past Washington determined its national interest in shaping
international rules, behavior, and institutions.  "Now Washington seems to want to pursue its national interest in a more
narrowly defined way, doing what it wants and forcing others to adapt." The Bush Administration has a list of dozens of countries for possible
intervention, and it is presently debating whos next.  "Pentagon
officials have openly agitated to finish off Mr. [Saddam] Hussein....
Recently an American delegation from the State Department was in northern
Iraq, discussing activities in that part of Iraq with Kurdish leaders...
[S]ome administration officials say that Pakistan may be where the next
phase of the war must unfold."   Somalia, the Sudan, the Philippines -- the shopping list goes on and on. The Bush administrations global destabilization is not limited to the war
on terrorism.  U.S. withdrawal from the ABM treaty is initiating a new
nuclear arms race. Joseph Biden, Jr., the chairman of the U.S. Senates Foreign Relations
Committee, cites widely reported U.S. intelligence community conclusions
that "pulling out of ABM would prompt the Chinese to increase their
nuclear arsenal tenfold, beyond the modernization they are doing
anyway....  And when they build up, so will the Indians, and when the
Indians do, so will the Pakistanis.  And for what?  A system no one is
convinced will work." It is an illusion to believe that the U.S. is in any way in control of
events.  Consider the mid-East peace process.  Just as Bush and Powell
were rolling out a major peace initiative, the combination of war parties
in Israel and Palestine sabotaged it completely.  The U.S. then tilted wildly toward the very forces in Israel that had
sabotaged the U.S. initiative.  The attack on the Indian parliament --
believed by our new friend India to have been organized with the
connivance of our old friend Pakistan -- threatens to provvoke a war that
the U.S. will now be in the middle of. The U.S. justification for its attack on Afghanistan as "harboring
terrorists" has already been echoed almost word for word by India, Israel,
Russia, and China for their own purposes.  The use of the "right of
self-defense" as a justification for a unilateral decision to attack any
country one accuses of harboring terrorists provides a pretext that any
national leader can now use to make war against anyone it chooses in
complete disregard of international law. Internal constraints? There is something that peoples and governments around the world need to
understand:  There are currently no effective internal constraints on what
the Bush Administration can or will do.  Because of popular response to
the September 11 attacks, the Administration feels --correctly, at least
for a time -- that it can do anything without having to fear dissent or
opposition.  It withdrew from the AMB treaty with barely a ripple of public
questioning.  Its endorsement of Sharons attacks on the Palestinian
Authority wins overwhelming Congressional support.  Open advocacy of a
military attack and occupation of Iraq causes no stir.  The peace movement that has challenged Bush administration policies may
become a significant restraint in the future, but it isnt now. Nor is there any effective institutional constraint.  The U.S. Congress
has almost unanimously given the Administration a blank check to conduct
any military operations it chooses.  Practical concerns of senior military officers at the Pentagon are
apparently ignored by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and his ubiquitous
supporters.  Secretary of State Colin Powell, looked to by many as a
source of reason and restraint, has been unable to make the Administration
heed any of the warnings listed above.  It is hard to detect any
indication of a business or foreign policy "Establishment" putting any
constraints on the unleashing of US power. Most serious of all is a lack of constraint based on rational evaluation
of long-term consequences.  As an "exuberant senior aide" put it recently,
the Bush administration is "on a roll"; its "biggest concern" is "how to
make maximum use of the military as well as the diplomatic momentum he has
built up abroad and the political capital he has accumulated at home."   As an article in The Guardian entitled "Washington hawks get power boost:
Rumsfeld is winning the debate" puts it, "For the time being, at least,
there is little in Washington to stop Mr. Rumsfeld chasing Americas foes
all the way to Baghdad." A time for friends to help friends The U.S. in the Cold War era at least purported to be protecting its
allies.  But today, as the U.S. projects its power unilaterally, it
friends and allies are the ones most likely to feel the blowback from
destabilization in the form of terrorism, refugees, recession, and war.  It is up to governments and civil society outside the U.S. to put
constraints on what it does -- both for their own sake and for Americas.  In the Suez Crisis of 1956, the armies of Britain, France, and Israel
invaded Egypt and began advancing on the Suez Canal.  The U.S. under
President Eisenhower intervened -- not to support the invaders but to
restrain them.  It is time for the world to return the favor.  For
example: *  A "coalition" in which the U.S. Goliath cuts a separate deal with each
"coalition partner" is a formula for U.S. dictation.  U.S. coalition
partners must insist that the U.S. spell out its intentions for open world
discussion before they agree to provide any support.      *  U.S. coalition partners with few exceptions oppose U.S. attacks on
Iraq, Somalia, the Sudan, or anywhere else.  Yet it is no secret that
planning for such attacks is under way in Washington.  Coalition partners
must move from private grumbling to a concerted public united front
against such actions. *  The U.N. can serve as an arena for challenging and providing
alternatives to superpower supremacy.  At the least, the U.S. can be
forced to isolate itself by vetoing resolutions that run counter to its
unilateralism.  (The Security Council recently voted 12 to 1, with Britain and Norway
abstaining, for a resolution calling for international  monitors in the
Israeli-Palestinian conflict.  The U.S. vetoed the resolution -- thereby
isolating itself from many of its own "coalition partners.")  Strong, unified, public endorsement of Secretary-General Kofi Annans
campaign against an attack on Iraq would have a big impact in the U.S. at
this point.   *  It has been widely reported in the U.S. that foreign critics of the war
in Afghanistan have now concluded that they were wrong because the war was
short and because it freed Afghans, especially women, from the tyranny of
the Taliban.  This is being used in Washington to argue that popular opinion abroad need
not be regarded as an impediment to further U.S. attacks elsewhere.
Washington needs to hear a clear message that that is not the case. *  There are concrete ways in which people and governments can begin
putting the brakes on Washington.  The refusal of European countries to
extradite suspects who may be subject to military tribunals or the death
penalty provides an excellent example. This is going to be a long struggle, not just about one policy, but about
a basic historical tendency of the worlds only superpower.  It is sad but
true that the rest of the world may not have enough leverage in the short
run to stop the U.S. from attacking whomever it chooses to target next.
But it is time to begin laying the groundwork for a long-term strategy of
containment.  Such international pressure can serve as a deterrent to the craziest
actions the Bush administration is considering.  For example, press
reports suggest that opposition from Russia, Europe, and Arab countries
may be leading Bushs advisors at least to delay an attack on Iraq on the
grounds that "there is insufficient international backing."    If U.S. friends and coalition partners toll the alarm bell, it
will begin to evoke different responses in Congress, the Pentagon,
corporate elites, and the American public as well, especially as
the untoward consequences of the Bush administration juggernaut become
Without an outside wake-up call, these forces are currently
prepared to plunge into the abyss in an empty-minded trance.
Restraining the Bush Administration is anything but anti-American.  It is the best thing Americas friends can do for us right now.
We have a slogan here:  "Friends dont let friends drive drunk."  PLEASE: Americas friends need to take the car keys away until this
power-drunk superpower sobers up. Jeremy Brecher is an historian and the author of twelve books,
including GLOBALIZATION FROM BELOW, and producer of the video
documentary GLOBAL VILLAGE OR GLOBAL PILLAGE? (website:
  Anyone is welcome to forward or reprint this piece.
Joe Baptista
The dot.GOD Registry, Limited

@_date: 2002-01-18 16:45:10
@_author: "!Dr. Joe Baptista" 
@_subject: An Article by Noam Chomsky - Le Monde Diplomatique Dec 2001 
December 2001 Contents The world's new look Terrorism, weapon of the powerful
  The leaders of the United States do not realise that their desire
  to win at everything always has consequences, and that their
  present exploits are likely to have high future costs. Osama bin
  Laden was the price of the US victory over the USSR in
  Afghanistan. What will be the next bill due? by NOAM CHOMSKY *
Two things have to be assumed: first, that the events of 11 September
caused probably the most devastating instant death toll of any crime in
history outside war. Second, that our goal is to reduce the likelihood of
such crimes, whether they are directed against us, or someone else. If you
do not accept those assumptions, then I am not addressing you. If you do,
questions arise. Let us start with Afghanistan, where there are seven or
eight million people on the verge of starvation, surviving on
international aid, since way before 11 September. On 16 September, the
United States demanded that Pakistan stop the truck convoys that provided
much of the food and supplies to Afghanistan's civilian population. As far
as I can determine, there was no reaction to this in the US or Europe.
Removing international aid workers further crippled assistance programmes.
After the first week of US bombing, when the aid delivery rate was already
down to half of what was needed, the United Nations warned that the harsh
winter would make deliveries to many areas impossible. The major aid
agencies, Oxfam and Christian Aid, and the Special Rapporteur of the UN in
charge of food, pleaded with the US to stop the bombing; this was not even
mentioned in the New York Times. There was a line in the Boston Globe,
hidden in a story about Kashmir. By October, western civilisation was
resigned to the idea of the death of hundreds of thousands of Afghans. At
the same time, the "leader of western civilisation" [President George
Bush] dismissed with contempt offers to negotiate for the delivery of
Osama bin Laden and a request for evidence to substantiate the US demand
for total capitulation. But let us return to 11 September. There have been
terrorist crimes with more extreme, if more prolonged, effects. But the
events of that day were historic, because there was a radical and new
change in the direction in which the guns were pointed. Pearl Harbor is
the usual analogy, but it is not a good one, as in 1941 the Japanese
bombed military bases in two US colonies (colonies disgracefully taken
from their inhabitants). On 11 September US national territory was
attacked on a large scale for the first time. For nearly 200 years we, the
US, expelled or mostly exterminated indigenous populations, many millions
of people, conquered half of Mexico, depradated the Caribbean and Central
America, conquered Hawaii and the Philippines (killing 100,000 Filipinos).
Since the second world war, the US has extended its reach around the
world. But the fighting was always somewhere else and it was always others
who were being slaughtered. The difference is immediately apparent if you
look at the IRA and terrorism. There are very different reactions to it on
either side of the Irish Sea, in Ireland and Britain. The world looks very
different, depending on whether you are holding the lash or whether you
have been whipped by it for centuries. Perhaps that is why the rest of the
world, although almost uniformly horrified by the 11 September attacks,
nevertheless sees them from a different perspective. Reservoir of sympathy
To understand the origins of 11 September, we have to distinguish between
the agents of the crime and the reservoir of sympathy, sometimes support,
to which they appeal, a reservoir that exists even among people who oppose
both the criminals and their actions. Let us assume the crimes'
perpetrators come from Bin Laden's network. Nobody knows about where they
come from better than the CIA, because it helped organise and nurture
them. President Jimmy Carter's National Security Advisor, Zbigniew
Brzezinski, says proudly that the US drew the Russians into "an Afghan
trap" in 1978 by supporting the mujahedin, getting the Russians to invade
the following year. In 1990 the US established permanent military bases in
Saudi Arabia, home of the holiest sites of Islam; and that is when
Islamist activities began to be directed against the US. What about the
support Bin Laden's networks enjoy  even among the governing classes of
countries in the South? Those people are angry at the US because it
supports authoritarian and brutal regimes (and is in its 35th year of
supporting Israel's harsh military occupation), and because its policies
devastate the civilian society of Iraq while strengthening Saddam Hussein.
The New York Times asked: "Why do they hate us?" On the same day the Wall
Street Journal published a survey of the opinions of bankers,
professionals and international lawyers, who said they hate us because we
are blocking democracy, preventing economic development, and supporting
terrorist regimes. The war against terrorism has been described in high
places in the West as a struggle against a plague spread by barbarians, by
"depraved opponents of civilisation". That is a feeling I share  but the
words I am quoting are 20 years old, and were said by President Ronald
Reagan and his Secretary of State, Alexander Haig. The Reagan
administration came into office with a declaration that that war against
international terrorism would be the core of US foreign policy, and it
responded to the plague by creating its own extraordinary international
terrorist network, unprecedented in scale, which carried out massive
atrocities all over the world, and primarily in Latin America. One such
case is Nicaragua  and it is incontrovertible, because of the judgments
of the International Court of Justice (ICJ) and the UN Security Council.
But how often has this precedent for a law-abiding state's response to
international terrorism been mentioned since 11 September? The Reagan-US
war against Nicaragua was more extreme than 11 September: it left tens of
thousands of people dead, and the country ruined, perhaps beyond recovery
(see articles by Raphaklle Bail and Frangois Houtart). Nicaragua did
respond, not by bombing Washington but by taking Washington to the ICJ.
The ICJ accepted Nicaragua's case, ruled in its favour, condemned what it
called the "unlawful use of force" by the US (which had mined Nicaragua's
ports), ordered the US to end the crime and to pay massive reparations.
The US, of course, dismissed the judgment with total contempt and
announced that it would not accept the jurisdiction of the court.
Nicaragua then went to the UN Security Council, which considered a
resolution calling on all states to observe international law. No state
was mentioned but everyone understood which was meant. The US vetoed the
resolution. The US now stands as the only state on record which has been
condemned by both the ICJ for international terrorism and has vetoed a
Security Council resolution calling on states to observe international
law. Nicaragua then went to the UN General Assembly, where there is
technically no veto, but where a negative US vote amounts to a veto. It
passed a similar resolution, which only the US, Israel, and El Salvador
opposed. The year after that, the US could only rally Israel, so just the
two votes opposed observing law. At that point, Nicaragua could do no more
that was lawful. It had tried all measures. They did not work in a world
ruled by force. Nicaragua's case is incontrovertible, but how often is it
taught in schools? How often is it front page news? This is the culture in
which we live. It offers certain revelations. It reveals that terrorism
works. That violence usually works (that is world history). That it is a
serious error to claim that terrorism is the weapon of the weak; like
other means of violence, it is primarily, indeed overwhelmingly, a weapon
of the strong. It is thought to be a weapon of the weak because the strong
also control the doctrinal systems, and because their terrorism does not
count as terror. The nature of our culture is indicated by the way in
which all this is approached. One approach is simply to suppress things 
so that almost nobody has ever heard about them. And the power of American
propaganda is so strong that even the victims barely know. When you talk
to people in Argentina, you have to remind them about these things and
they will say: "Yes, that happened, we forgot about it." Nicaragua, Haiti
and Guatemala are the three poorest countries in Latin America. They were
also victims of US military intervention. This was not necessarily
coincidence. The intervention happened at the same time as Western
intellectuals were enthusiastically congratulating themselves (another
event that probably has no counterpart in history). Just a few years ago
there was massive self-adulation  the West was so magnificent; we were
standing up for principles and values, dedicated to ending inhumanity
everywhere in the new era of this-and-that. We could not tolerate
atrocities near the borders of Nato  only within the borders of Nato,
where not only can we tolerate much worse atrocities but we contribute to
them. But how often has this been mentioned? The silence is an impressive
feat for a propaganda system in a free society. I do not think it could be
done in a totalitarian state. Defining terrorism
That brings us back to the question, what is terrorism? A brief
definition, from a US army manual, is that "terror is the calculated use
of violence or the threat of violence to attain political or religious
ideological goals through intimidation, coercion or instilling fear". The
problem with this is that it corresponds almost exactly with what the US
calls low intensity warfare, which is official US policy.
In December 1987, when the UN General Assembly passed a strong resolution
against terrorism, one country, Honduras, abstained. Two countries voted
against the resolution, the US and Israel. Why? Because the resolution has
one paragraph that says that nothing in it infringes on the rights of
people struggling against racist and colonialist regimes or foreign
military occupation. At the time, South Africa was an ally of the US.
Apart from attacks against neighbouring countries (Namibia, Angola), that
killed about 1.5m people and did $60bn in damage, the apartheid regime
fought a so-called "terrorist" force, the African National Congress (ANC),
inside the country. Israel has occupied the Palestinian territories since
1967 and others in Lebanon since 1978, opposed by what the US calls a
"terrorist force", Hizbollah. None of that appeared in the annals of
terrorism, or in scholarly works on terrorism because the wrong people
held the guns. You have to hone the definitions and the scholarship
carefully so that you come up with the right conclusions; otherwise it is
not considered respectable scholarship or honourable journalism. Colombia
was the worst human rights violator in the 1990s, and it was also by far
the leading recipient of US military aid (excluding Israel and Egypt, in a
separate category). Turkey has also been a prime beneficiary of US
military aid until 1999. It is a strategically placed member of Nato, but
the arms flow to it increased sharply in 1984. This had nothing to do with
the cold war, as Russia was already collapsing: 1984 was the year that
Turkey launched a major terrorist campaign against the Kurds. In 1997 US
military aid to Turkey was more than for the entire 1950-83 cold war
period  an indication of how much the cold war has affected policy. The
results were awesome, with two or three million refugees, tens of
thousands of people killed, 350 towns and villages destroyed. The US
provided 80% of the arms, peaking in 1997. The supply declined in 1999
because Turkish terrorism (called, of course, counter-terrorism) worked;
it usually does when executed by the powerful. Turkey was grateful. The US
had supplied it with F-16s to bomb its own people; in 1999 it used them to
bomb the Serbs. Just after 11 September the Turkish prime minister
announced that Turkey would actively join the coalition against terror. It
owed a debt of gratitude to the US, because the US had been the only
country willing to contribute so massively to Turkey's own
"counter-terrorist" war. Other countries helped Turkey a little against
the Kurds, but the US contributed enthusiastically and decisively and was
able to do so because of the silence  even servility  of the educated
classes in the US, who could easily have found out about it. The US is a
free country: we can read human rights reports, we can read anything. But
we chose to contribute to the atrocities. The present coalition against
terror includes other choice recruits. The Christian Science Monitor, one
of the best US newspapers with real coverage of the world, recently led
with a story about the way that people and countries who used to dislike
the US were beginning to respect it. A prime example given was Algeria.
The author of the article is an expert on Africa and must know that
Algeria has had a war of terror against its own people for years. Another
leading member of the coalition is Russia, delighted to have the US
support its murderous terrorist war in Chechnya. China is joining
enthusiastically, too, grateful for support for its atrocities in western
China against what it calls "Muslim secessionists". What are the policy
options? The pope  a far-out radical  suggested trying to find and bring
to justice the perpetrators of the 11 September attacks. But the US does
not want to use normal legal process. It would rather offer no proof and
has rejected the jurisdiction of the ICJ. For the last few years, Haiti
has been asking the US to extradite Emmanuel Constant, a leading figure in
the slaughter of thousands after the coup that overthrew President
Jean-Bertrand Aristide in September 1991. The Haitians have plenty of
evidence, but their request has made no impact on Washington and there has
been no public debate of the issue. To combat terrorism we must start by
reducing the level of terror, rather than by escalating it. When the IRA
detonates bombs in London, London does not destroy Boston, the source of
most of the finance, nor does it wipe out West Belfast. The UK hunts the
perpetrators, brings them to trial and looks for the reasons for the
violence. There is one easy way to reduce the level of terror: stop
participating in it. We need to rethink the policies that are creating
support, and benefiting the people behind the attacks. One of the few rays
of light recently has been an increased openness. Many issues are now open
for discussion, even in elite circles, and certainly among the public.
These are opportunities and they should be used, at least by those who
accept the goal of trying to reduce the level of violence and terror.
* Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). This is an
edited extract of a talk he gave there on 18 October. His many books
include Rogue states: the rule of force in world affairs, South End Press,
2000, and The culture of terrorism, South End Press, 1994
Original text in English
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED ) 1997-2001 Le Monde diplomatique
Joe Baptista
The dot.GOD Registry, Limited

@_date: 2002-02-08 02:48:55
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: The Worst-Written PR Spam Message of All Time 
encrypt everything and lose the encryption keys when convenient.

@_date: 2002-02-09 02:02:48
@_author: washingtonpost.com 
@_subject: Re: Man Charged With Molesting Boys (washingtonpost.com) 
Is there a food shortage in the US and no one sent me a memo?
Or has cannibalism become fashionable.
