
@_date: 2016-01-31 17:22:06
@_author: Bardi Harborow 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: New High School Principal's speech to students. 
I'm from Australia, so I thought I would I would throw in my 2 cents
(0.01416 USD at time of writing).
This principal needs to go back to school and learn the language of
the country they seem to be so proud of. It's "honoured" not
Okay, fine.
How exactly were you "honouring" it before-hand?
*and* your humanity.
The nationalism is painful.
What do you count as non-Australian nationality-based celebrations? Do
we even have any Australian nationality-based celebrations.
"Australia's values" -- invading and slaughtering millions of Aborigines?
Okay. This sounds reasonable.
Isn't this what clubs are generally?
It makes no sense to start talking about solutions to a problem that
hasn't even been defined yet (shout out to the current contributor
covenant debate).
"Those" could be a reference to either the clubs before or after the
"changes". Logic would suggest the latter, but the principal should
know better than to structure their paragraphs like this.
More discussion of an imaginary problem.
Ah, okay...?
The other reason being that people like you are stopped as soon as possible.
"it is deplorable that most Australians only speak English" -- Exactly
why I'm on a student exchange program right now.
"but if you want classes taught in your native language rather than in
English,this is not your school." -- Okay, your school doesn't have
the capability to offer classes in another language. That's fine. Most
schools in Australia don't.
There are two ways of creating change, by forcing it, or by creating
an environment where the students come to the desired conclusion
I'm from Australia and I'm not sure what "self-esteem programs" would
even entail.
How about none? We could treat learning as a "sacred endeavour" and
not start telling one person that they, essentially "won the game"
while the rest of them lost. It's this sort of ego-building positive
feedback that creates the kind people our governments are full of.
"politics" -- In my experience, Australian schools don't discuss
politics very much at all.
"smoking and caffeine" -- Lessons regarding smoking and caffeine have
been somewhat mismanaged in Australia and often more people end up
doing these things after the classes, so there is clearly a problem.
"sexual harassment" -- I've never been in a class that talked about this.
"global warming" -- I've never been in a class that tried to "terrify"
anyone about global warming. If the principal is suggesting that we
should stop teaching the opinion of "97 percent or more of actively
publishing climate scientists" then this people is clearly not
interested in "academics".
(J. Cook, et al, "Quantifying the consensus on anthropogenic global
warming in the scientific literature,"Environmental Research Letters
Vol. 8 No. 2, (June 2013); DOI:10.1088/1748-9326/8/2/024024)
A better approach might be to actually evaluate why these classes have
been so inefficient and take up so much time.
I have some sympathies for this sentence, but I need to flesh that out
more in my head.
I cry.
Being this disrespectful like this to your students is not going to
yield good education outcomes.

@_date: 2016-08-30 04:11:03
@_author: Bardi Harborow 
@_subject: Re: New list confirmation (Re: cpunks list relocation imminent (was: Re: moving on)) 
The mail server doesn't appear to use TLS when forwarding mail to
subscribers. Additionally you may wish to look at configuring SPF,
DKIM and DMARC records.
d settings.  It's addressed to cypherpunks as opposed to =
the regular address, cypherpunks
from hosting the Cypherpunks list@
 configuration appears to be fairly functional.  We have put this at cpunks=
 (versus cpunks
ill knoow they are getting both.
blems or anomalies.  The mailman list settings, subscribership, etc. should=
 be the same, except that subscribers since around August 25 are not yet on=
 the new list.
on: ld list to the new list, and update DNS and server records so the old email=
 address and list URL work on the new location.  We've set DNS TTL to expir=
e quickly, once the changeover happens.

@_date: 2016-09-05 03:28:02
@_author: Bardi Harborow 
@_subject: Re: New list confirmation (Re: cpunks list relocation imminent (was: Re: moving on)) 
The lack of SPF, DKIM and DMARC records, as well as TLS, on the new
list is still wreaking havoc with my spam filter. Any chance of a fix?
I'd be happy to provide assistance.
Yours sincerely,
Bardi Harborow
Software Engineer
Mobile: +61481816153
Web: bardiharborow.com
I acknowledge the Wurundjeri people, who are the custodians of the
land upon which I live and work. I pay respect to their elders past
and present.
On Tue, Aug 30, 2016 at 2:11 PM, Bardi Harborow
nd settings.  It's addressed to cypherpunks as opposed to=
 the regular address, cypherpunks
 from hosting the Cypherpunks list at e configuration appears to be fairly functional.  We have put this at cpunk=
s (versus cpunks
will knoow they are getting both.
oblems or anomalies.  The mailman list settings, subscribership, etc. shoul=
d be the same, except that subscribers since around August 25 are not yet o=
n the new list.
ion: old list to the new list, and update DNS and server records so the old emai=
l address and list URL work on the new location.  We've set DNS TTL to expi=
re quickly, once the changeover happens.

@_date: 2017-07-03 15:07:16
@_author: Bardi Harborow 
@_subject: Re: Vulnerability of OpenSource Software download mechanisms: VLC 
All of this is well and good as long as we remember that digital signing of
anything only provides security in processes which verify the signature.
Installation through Linux software repositories verifies the
signature. Installation
on Macs verifies the signature provided the user does not click through
warnings (which is common practice). Installation on Windoze verifies the
signature provided the user does not click through warnings (which is a
required practice in almost all cases). VLC's internal update system
presumably verifies the signature. Hence, VLC's security model only
provides satisfactory protection in maybe 50% of cases. Despite the
comparative weakness of the web browser's WoT compared to possibly the
software signing WoT, adding TLS would considerably lock down the number of
attack vectors. Windoze is likely already vulnerable to state actors in a
hundred other ways such that VLC's installation process isn't the highest
priority, but the vast majority of attacks are not from state actors and
protecting against smaller attacks is important.
Yours sincerely,
Bardi Harborow
Software Engineer
Mobile: +61481816153
Web: bardiharborow.com
I acknowledge the Wurundjeri people, who are the custodians of the land
upon which I live and work. I pay respect to their elders past and present.
