
@_date: 2005-02-01 13:14:23
@_author: "Mr, Barnat" 
@_subject: URGENT 
I am Mr, Morris Barnat. The Accountant General of African Continental Bank PLC. I request your Co-operation in this Confidential transaction of money amounting to U.S.D $36 million. On September 1994 an oil Consultant/Contractor with the Kuwait
Oil Ministry, Mr, Sulaman Al-Khorafi. An Iraqi national made a fixed deposit of U.S $36M in African Continental Bank.(A.C.B). On maturity
We sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally his employers wrote to inform us that Mr; Sulaman Al-Khorafi died in a automobile accident, that he died without making a Will while our attempt to trace his nest of Kin through the Iraqi Embassy proved fruitless. When he was making deposition in my bank, he did not declare his nest of Kin in his deposit application form, when I reminded him he said he wished it so, in the conservative manner of our bank, I did not turn down his request rather honor it considering his high net worth. The point is that his employers are not aware of his deposit with us. Therefore I am the only person who is aware of Mr, Sulaman Al-Khorafi´s deposit of $36,000,000,00, which is now laying in Europe.
Therefore I urgently need your cooperation in this transaction, because the bank will accept this money from any Foreigner who has a commercial account or business account to avoid the bank suspecting account holder of the a/c for this deposit. The whole account relating to Mr, Sulaman Al-Khorafi´s deposit is also with me. If you are interested send your private Telephone/Fax number including full details of the account to be used for the Deposit. I wish for utmost confidentiality in handling this transaction as my job and the future of my family would be jeopardized if it were breached.
I want to assure you that this transaction is without risk if due process is followed accordingly. Finally, I will give you 35% for your corporation.
I look forward to a favorable response from you trough my private e-mail: barnat1989
Yours Sincerely
Mr, Morris Barnat
