
@_date: 2005-02-07 02:49:54
@_author: "Barrister John Dickson" 
@_subject: Barrister John Dickson 
From The Desk Of:
Barrister John Dickson,
Principal Partner,
John Dickson& Associates.
36 Fola Agoro Street,
Dear Sir,
I am Barrister John Dickson, the Personal Attorney to a Foreign Contractor who worked with a Multinational Oil Firm in Nigeria. On the 21st of April 1999, my client, his wife And their three children were involved in a car accident along Sagbama Express Road. All occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost there lives.
Since then I have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any  of my clients extended relatives, this has also proved unsuccessful.After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to trace his relatives over the Internet, to locate any member of his family but of no avail, hence I contacted you.
I have contacted you to assist me in repartrating the money left behind by my client before they get confisicated or declared unserviceable by the Bank where this huge deposits were lodged. Particularly, the Bank where the deceased had an account valued at about US$10 million dollars has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confisicated
within the next twenthy official working days. since I have been unsuccesfull in locating the the relatives for over 4 years now I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at $10 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and I can share this money. 60% to me and 35% to you,while 5% should be for expenses or tax as your government may require,I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make.All I require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Please get in touch with me via my direct line: 234-803-4915282 as well as via email as soon as you get this mail to enable us discuss on the modalities and process for success of this transaction.
I also request for your private telephone number, fax number for easy and more confidential communication.I await your kind response, Goodday and God bless.
Barrister John Dickson.
Principal Partner,
John Dickson&Associates.
36 Fola Agoro Street,
Direct Tel: 234-803-4915282
