
@_date: 2012-04-04 17:34:58
@_author: "Sebastian G. 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] access sites 
tor324890 04.04.2012 15:53:
Runa's point was that it's not recommended to use a normal browser (aka
vanilla browser) with Tor because it is unsafe.
TBB contains an patched version of Firefox, which has been configured to
work with Tor.
BTW (to the list, not to reply to them individually): I thought
Silkroad, referred to an Online RPG. Prior to some time ago I believed
the HS would lead to an login page for this game.
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-07 20:15:38
@_author: "Sebastian G. 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] NIST approved crypto in Tor? 
07.09.2013 19:02, Nick Mathewson:
Do not dare to reply again before your weekend is over. Probably don't
even read it.
That sounds good to me. (Knew that you use 25519, but not if NIST
certified it.
I thought so.
I knew that and did not worry back then.
I remembered that and wondered why the winner is the winner.
That would be the case, then.
Thanks, I'll yet have to read them.
It has been said before that the implementation has to be done
correctly, which is obviously harder if there's more room for failures.
What seems to be quite difficult. I'm not a cryptographer so I can
hardly know.
Is that true for signatures of emails as well?
If so, is this weakness the reason that no-one involved in Tor* got a
DSA key for signing?
For example Erinn got an RSA for signing the bundles.
*those I checked.
(DSA =3D Deep[fried] Sh*t Algorithm)
No authority is to blame for a poor implementation, just the one(s)
implementing it. One can not proof (without leaked material) that a
certifying or consulting party or even an implementing party had an
malicious intend.
It would be hard to believe that they all collaborating with an
malicious intend. Soooo many people.
(Well I had not believed the scale and depth of the NSA spying, although
I assumed they would spy.)
I could have imagined that.
TLS 1.0 had (well it should still have it) problems.
I remembered BEAST and CRIME and just looked at it again to confirm my
believe that 1.1 (at least somewhat) and 1.2 resolved those problems,
which is not completely true.
Reading the security section of its Wikipedia entry does not give my
much confidence either.
I see RC4 for encryption on websites. (https hooray)
If just everything had perfect forward secrecy (PFS) built-in, some
situations of the NSA spying would not be as bad as they are.
Bureaucracy has to be spelled bureaucrazy as it is crazy at least at times.
At times you may ask what's the lowest possible common ground and it may
has to be the lowest of all you ask.
But who can say if that is actually always true?!
Where are the sun-rays that penetrate the cloud(s)?! (Everything looks
bad, there doesn't appear to be something to look forward to, or is
there something to look forward to?)
(I knew I included the question twice.)
I'll added 'everything' after 'nearly' (correct me if I'm wrong). Yes
they recommend a lot of things (to me it seems they would).
(Everything is linked. I knew it. ;) )
They are all stupid, then. ;) Well not sure what they are. I see that
just replacing US standards (or whatever) with international standards
(or whatever) does not magically help.
You use 25519, so I'm confident that others, when they trust you ("we
know where the money comes from"), use it, too.
So far I have nothing to make me hope for the EU about anything.
Commercial lobbying is something the EU is influenced by.
When it involves politics the department for fishing (yes, actual
fishes) might decide what cipher is used. (I'm over-saturating here, am I?)
For actual cryptographers I have no clue if your hopes are justified.
Well I hope they are.
Could be good.
Could be good, too. Well aren't more people better as more brains know
more things and more eyes see more things or "too many people making too
many problems? (and there's not much love to go around. Tell me why this
is a land of confusion")
I'll write a proposal to improve Tor's random number generator. ;)
(consisting of three dice and Schr=F6dinger's cat with a few mice)
I on the other hand have to stay focused, (Firefox: cared, but could not
do anything useful, hate the changes being made and the process, don't
care about it, still use and complain about it. The closer I get, beside
just using the stuff the worser it gets) don't get mad, pissed off or
There have been times where I thought to not care about Tor anymore to
not go insane about the issues you have to deal with. Well I'm still
reading most threads on the mailing-list (excluding those dealing with
ARM or exceeding my knowledge), following the timeline and file tickets,
read papers. I have not been on IRC for quite some time to maintain my
distance, though I have no idea if that's sane.
If I can do something to keep you focused (for example not writing too
long emails) let me know. Or the community in general.
Happy weekend to all and everyone (including NSA agents)
Same to you and anyone else,
Sebastian G.

@_date: 2013-09-07 09:25:24
@_author: "Sebastian G. 
@_subject: [tor-talk] NIST approved crypto in Tor? 
Tor switches over to ECC what's a reasonable step.
I'm unable to find the blog post (or maybe it was an official comment on
the blog) [With DDG and StartPage] where someone said that if the NIST
(I guess) is not lying ECC is safe.
Is the ECC used by Tor in some way certified by NIST?
Are other parts of Tor certified by NIST?
Recent leaks revealed that the NSA spends many resources in influencing
standards to make their lives easier (or not too hard). NIST could be
either participating or tricked into preferring standards that are weak
in some regard. Note that I'm not saying that this is the case, but it
could be.
I was able (it was not a blog post, it was an essay) to find what Bruce
Schneier wrote about the NSA preferring a weak random-number-generator. [1]
Quotes [my comments, notes]:
"The U.S. government released a new official standard for random-number
generators this year [essay from 2007], and it will likely be followed
by software and hardware developers around the world."
"(...) the 130-page document contains four different approved
techniques, called (...) "Deterministic Random Bit Generators." All four
are based on existing cryptographic primitives. One is based on hash
functions, one on HMAC, one on block ciphers and one on elliptic curves."
" (...) one of those generators (...) Dual_EC_DRBG [elliptic], (...)
three orders of magnitude slower than its peers."
" It's in the standard only because it's been championed by the NSA,
which first proposed it years ago in a related standardization project
at the American National Standards Institute."
"The math is complicated, but the general point is that the random
numbers it produces have a small bias. [2006 knowledge]"
"But today [2007] there's an even bigger stink brewing around
Dual_EC_DRBG" (...) Dan Shumow and Niels Ferguson showed that the
algorithm contains a weakness that can only be described as a backdoor."
"There are a bunch of constants -- fixed numbers -- in the standard used
to define the algorithm's elliptic curve. These constants are listed in
Appendix A of the NIST publication, but nowhere is it explained where
they came from."
" (...) these numbers have a relationship with a second, secret set of
numbers (...). If you know the secret numbers, you can predict the
output of the random-number generator after collecting just 32 bytes of
its output. (...) you only need to monitor one TLS internet encryption
connection in order to crack the security of that protocol. If you know
the secret numbers, you can completely break any instantiation of
"The researchers don't know what the secret numbers are. (...) the way
the algorithm works, the person who produced the constants might know;
he had the mathematical opportunity to produce the constants and the
secret numbers in tandem."
" (...) we have no way of knowing whether the NSA knows the secret
numbers that break Dual_EC-DRBG [or not, we can't know]"
Read the full essay which contains links to papers if you are interested.
And the NSA work on standards repeatedly.
"The NSA has always been intimately involved in U.S. cryptography
standards -- it is, after all, expert in making and breaking secret codes."
That's also what comes out of the Snowden leaks.
I understand that ECC used for Tor is different from what the essay is
However the NSA may found something it can exploit in ECC and made NIST
(maybe unknowingly) standardize the curve (or whatever) that is most
vulnerable or recommends for a weak one, or for too short keys.
Does Tor use stuff certified or recommended by NIST?
If so would it be reasonable to move to international standards
(whatsoever) without the involvement of NIST and NSA 'consultation'?
(Completely unrelated to what might be going on, just as defense-in-depth.)
The NSA likes playing around. [2][3] (found while searching)
Oh and I'm not trying fear-mongering here or try to conspire whenever or
not the NSA has subverted cryptographic functions (in one way or another).
Sebastian G.
[1] [2] [3]
