
@_date: 2001-09-13 16:03:58
@_author: "Ben Weber" 
@_subject: RE: where do we go from here (and where should we have gone) 
Are you serious?  Are you an American?  Your views on the nations foreign
policy make no sense for those logical Americans who know the good in what
this nation does and stands for.
'Complain'?  "We kill millions of innocent civilians unjustifiably"?  Give
me a break, Americans are not the DEVIL, this sounds like something the only
the devil himself would do.  To kill millions of innocent civilians; this is
not the American Foreign Policy, never was and never will be.  The real
American Foreign Policy, not the garbage propaganda you've obviously been
        Germany, Japan and, to a lesser extent, Britain and Italy were
Your words have sickened me.  Even if atrocities like you say did take
place, I'm sure they were done for a good reason; your still here aren't
you?  Living on the freest soil on earth.  I think a thank you is in order,
not a diatribe loathing the very government and people that gave you that
ugly soap box your standing on.
Ben Weber
Senior Recruitment Consultant
Information Security Practice
Greythorn Inc
425 635 0300
  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ---
This e-mail may contain privileged and/or confidential information and is
for the intended recipients only.  In the event that you receive this e-mail
in error you should delete it from all locations on your computer/network
and contact Greythorn immediately on + 1 425 635 0300.  As e-mail is an
electronic form of communication the data may have been subject to
corruption or unauthorized use and as such any views or opinions contained
in this e-mail are not necessarily the views of Greythorn Inc and the
company cannot be held responsible for any misuse.
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of measl
Sent: Thursday, September 13, 2001 2:46 AM
Change "the hour" to "an hour or two", and I would agree with
this.  However, we have an incredible bloatocracy, and about the only
thing that can be coordinated within an hour or two nowadays is a blowjob
from the intern...
And here is where you completely part with reality, and start
regurgitating the carefully crafted bullshit you have been fed by this
bloatocracy.  The fact is, we have already killed many more than the 18
million you cite, and *that* is one of the many reasons we are so loathed,
both externally, and internally.
Yup, sure *sounds* rational alright  like a guy on Ketamine.
No. not "Pay off", just leave the fuck alone.  We had this one coming.  In
fact, we had this coming _in spades_, and for a _very_ long time.  What
goeas around comes around, ya?  We kill _millions_  of innocent civilians
unjustifiably, and then have the GALL to complain when our own tactics are
used against us???
You mean there were such fools *before* this happened???
J.A. Terranson
If Governments really want us to behave like civilized human beings, they
should give serious consideration towards setting a better example:
Ruling by force, rather than consensus; the unrestrained application of
unjust laws (which the victim-populations were never allowed input on in
the first place); the State policy of justice only for the rich and
elected; the intentional abuse and occassionally destruction of entire
populations merely to distract an already apathetic and numb electorate...
This type of demogoguery must surely wipe out the fascist United States
as surely as it wiped out the fascist Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
The views expressed here are mine, and NOT those of my employers,
associates, or others.  Besides, if it *were* the opinion of all of
those people, I doubt there would be a problem to bitch about in the
first place...
