
@_date: 2012-11-30 22:56:47
@_author: bvvq 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
I agree the scenario you described is absurd, but I don't agree it's absurd to be paranoid or practical when your activities (like running an exit node) may result in you being raided.
I was raided in 2010 because of false allegations made by a cranky former employer. It was a very unpleasant experience and it's the reason why I run relays instead of exit nodes. The raid resulted in the seizure of all "electronic devices with storage capabilities" that were at my personal residence, in my vehicle, and on my person; it didn't include my hosted servers or offsite backups.
Unfortunately, this meant that my mobile phone (work and personal use), tablet (personal use), and laptop (work use) were seized because they were on me when the raid occurred. Fortunately, I'm paranoid/practical and had a mobile phone, laptop, and recent backups stored at my parents' house. Having these backups in place required a little effort and upfront cost, but it allowed me to return to work and studies with minimal disruption.
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-12-01 14:05:32
@_author: bvvq 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
The only information I've read about the matter is what's on  , and it doesn't provide much regarding the length or complexity of the investigation. From that webpage, the information I find relevant is:
(1-1) the exit node was located in Poland, and therefore outside the jurisdiction of the LKA;
(1-2) William had already been questioned by Polish LEA about activities coming from the exit node;
(1-3) the exit node was moved to a different ISP after the troubles with the Polish LEA;
(1-4) the exit node wasn't turned back on.
What we _do_not_ know is:
(2-1) what country the clearnet forum (that the child porn was posted to) is located in;
(2-2) who reported the child porn to LEA, or if LEA was already monitoring for the child porn;
(2-3) if Polish and Austrian LEA are cooperating on the investigation;
(2-4) when the investigation was initiated;
(2-5) which LEA initiated the investigation.
Given the information above, it's a completely reasonable scenario that the child porn was reported by the clearnet forum owner, or discovered by some LEA, at which time the offending forum user's IP was determined to belong to the Polish host of the exit node. When compelled, the Polish host provided the details of William Weber. The LKA are then able to raid William on the suspicion of child porn distribution, and they seize everything that could be used to store the material.
You (Steven Naslund) question why no LEA seized the exit node. This is explained by the fact that the exit node was moved from the Polish host _after_ the child porn was posted to the clearnet forum. It's completely reasonable that LEA may not have been able to determine where the server was moved to.
You also question the reasons for the LKA to raid his private residence when the exit node's last known location was a Polish host. Surely you aren't suggesting that LEA shouldn't raid a suspect's private residence because the last known location of a (missing) server (that is confirmed to belong to the suspect) wasn't the same address?
Your opposition to this matter is moving into land of the crazy conspiracy-theorist. You're looking so hard for something more sinister to the story that you're ignoring reason. We should only take positions on the evidence we have, not the evidence we don't have.
tor-talk mailing list
