
@_date: 2001-09-28 18:36:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: The Ominous New Power Of Loose Lips 
Fax machines, also - Tienanmien Square had them,
and the Russian Coup Attempt had emails from the front.
Both of those were types of warfare where the central
government isn't in control of public opinion...

@_date: 2001-09-27 08:00:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Get Real 
A friend of mine was in the Air Force, and one of his buddies had
put down as a reference on his security clearance application
the job he'd had at the corner candy store growing up in the Bronx.
The D.I.S. folks freaked because the candy store owner
denied knowing him, he'd seen nothing, didn't know nothing,
never hearda da guy.  He had to have his father go back to the
store owner and say, hey, it's ok, it's just my kid in the Air Force,
they're not regular cops, and they really don't care about the
numbers game in the back....

@_date: 2001-09-27 06:21:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Setting clocks 
There was a while that purpleturtle.com, a free email service
based in Jersey (Channel Islands, not New Jersey),
was off by about half a day; not even a round number of hours.
After I nagged them about it a couple of times, they fixed it.

@_date: 2001-09-24 07:13:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: 419 letter (was Re: CDR Anonymizer 
The 419 scam is a bit different from most "Can you help me get my money"
scams that need the mark to contribute some up-front money,
or too-good-to-be-true investments, or house-repair jobs that never get done.
In this one, the cons are pretty much admitting that the money
was stolen by some corrupt official who's their relative,
and they're asking the mark to help them get the loot.
So the mark isn't an innocent dupe, but a guilty dupe,
and has no business complaining about the lack of honor among thieves,
and if anything, the mark who complains to the cops about being ripped off
would deserve to be busted if there were in fact any stolen money in Nigeria.

@_date: 2001-09-24 07:00:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ellison, National ID discussion on Slashdot 
Most of it's not very deep...
 > > will you divest?
 > yes
Two months ago would have been better :-)
They've gone from about 20 to 10.7....

@_date: 2001-09-23 20:13:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Op-ed on encryption: Privacy is no longer an argument 
Well, of course.
But the analogy here was comparing house keys to crypto,
which, unlike houses, can only be opened and searched if the cops
have access to the keys, or if somebody left the back door open
or used weak enough crypto for brute force to let them break in.

@_date: 2001-09-23 20:10:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Larry Ellison, Nazi Collaborator: Oracle for Natl ID 
A system like this would certainly make sure that if you
walk into an airport, and say that you're Larry Ellison,
and want to take off in your private jet during evening quiet hours,
or your flight plan says you'll arrive at your destination
during that airport's evening quiet hours,
the airport won't unlock the big orange boot on your jet's tires.
Otherwise, it won't stop any terrorists from renting jets.
In our next edition, we'll explore the applications of
national ID cards into where you can sail and dock large boats...

@_date: 2001-09-23 19:31:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Larry Ellison volunteers to donate the S/W for Nat. ID 
Was that Saturday's paper, or Sunday's?  What page?  It's not in the on-line.
Anybody want to start boycott-oracle.org?  :-)

@_date: 2001-09-23 05:09:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Cooksey: Expect racial profiling 
WASHINGTON  U.S. Rep. John Cooksey, R-Monroe,
         told a network of Louisiana radio stations Monday that
         someone "wearing a diaper on his head" should expect to be
         interrogated in the investigation of terrorist attacks on the
         Pentagon and New York City.
and he jingoes on from there.  Cooksey doesn't say whether he was
including the KKK in the category of people with diapers on their head,
or what to do about politicians who need to change their own diapers.
He does acknowledge that some turban-wearers are Americans,
and some aren't Muslims or Arabs, but he still thinks they
need to be pulled over, because bin Laden and many of his followers
wear turbans.
Bin Laden has also been rumored to wear pants.
Cooksey won't be running for House again in 2002 - he's planning
to run for Senate instead.  I hope the Democrat's better,
though this is the part of the country that put out
"vote for the crook" bumper stickers when the crook's
opponent was (ostensibly ex-) Klansman David Duke.

@_date: 2001-09-19 03:11:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Melon traffickers --> Soul traffickers 
Common-carrier status is a complex deal, including some protection in return for lots of regulation.
But it's not the only choice - the ECPA and DMCA and even the otherwise-evil Communications Decency Act
provided some protection for network operators under various conditions.
Of course, just because the ECPA or CDA gave you some protections,
that doesn't mean some subsequent law or regulation can't wipe them out;
these aren't Constitutional amendments, they're just laws or regulations
that can be changed whenever some legislator or regulator thinks it's or fails to notice that a new rule is stepping on an old one.

@_date: 2001-09-17 08:30:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
Back when Osama bin Laden was accused of the African US embassy bombings,
the Clinton administration decided they had to Do Something Decisive,
so they fired off about 75 cruise missiles at
"Osama's Chemical/Biological Warfare Factory" (somebody's legitimate
pharmaceutical plant in Sudan) and another place he was rumored to hang out.
It's not clear whether this sets him up for Double Jeopardy protection
if anybody takes the $5M reward and rats on him, because they didn't
bother with the formalities of a trial, just a declaration of guilt
followed by punishment, but it was Constitutionally pretty dodgy.
And if it's not strictly targeting innocents while knowing they're innocent,
failing to find out the facts before attacking people with missiles
is sufficiently negligent that I'd count it in the same category.
I think the US did pay off the factory owner after finding out
that they'd screwed up.  I don't know how many people got killed
in the process, though.

@_date: 2001-09-17 08:22:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: C-SPAN on Pentagon Renovation 
Many years ago, when I was a tool of the military-industrial complex,
I was part of a project that bid on replacing the communications
infrastructure of part of the Pentagon, which included bidding on rewiring it.
Yow, what an ugly and impossible job that was!
The prime contractor we were working for didn't win the job,
so fortunately we didn't have to deal with it.
Just because the Pentagon is not compliant with fire safety codes
doesn't mean there isn't a lot of asbestos all over the place -
running new wiring in the ceiling would have been very risky,
even if anybody *had* a complete picture of what's in the ceilings there.
Bidding on the job was, IIRC, entirely unclassified,
so there are large parts of the blueprints that don't
even identify what agencies control some of the blacked-out spaces.
George Bush doesn't have all the right clearances to all the
different projects that have stuck stuff in there,
and some of the wires were installed by people who are dead now
and will never be able to tell what they were for or whether
they're still in use, but you can't just fish new stuff in
next to them, because a lot of the wiring troughs and plenum spaces
aren't sufficiently clear.  It's kind of like an old-fashioned
computer room or telco building where you can't quite get the
floor tiles to stay down, because there's so much excess wire
that there's no room for the moat monsters
these aren't the skeletons you're looking for
There aren't a lot of wiring / electrician companies that have
general enough permissions to work on the place.
This was 1990-1991, around the beginning of the Desert Scam war,
because one thing everybody insisted on was that,
while the wiring plans couldn't overly violate TEMPEST by being antennas,
they *did* need to get CNN piped in to everybody.
I was commuting past many of the places you hear about on the
NYC traffic radio reports; stopping by the UN to do anti-war protests
on the way back from bidding on rewiring the Pentagon was
heavily into cognitive dissonance territory, and one of the things
that helped push me into finding honest work...

@_date: 2001-09-17 04:54:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: IP: RE: Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps, 
Hear, hear!   That's particularly true for Feds pursuing terrorists -
there are enough Federal judges, either regular or FISA Star Chamber types,
that any cop who's doing something other than hot pursuit can get a warrant
any time they need to - and if Congress doesn't think this is the case,
the solution is not to drop the Constitution, it's to hire some extra judges
to work nights, and give them an internet connection to keep busy on slow What's much harder to do in real time is give the judge enough real evidence
for more than a rubber-stamp review.  Even that's better than nothing,
because it keeps the cops maintaining some pretense of respect for law
and creates accounting records of the warrants, but it's likely to be
pretty shoddy.

@_date: 2001-09-17 00:50:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: "Bugged" calling cards? 
If you're fancy about it, and don't mind a little trademark violation,
you could even print up a nice card that *looks* like
it's from the reputable long distance company the target uses :-)
A couple of years ago, when fast-buck artists used pyramid scams
that actually involved bothering your friends in person
instead of just spamming the internet, you might have even
been able to find a calling-card business that made this easy,
because they had some business model involving advertising cards
to the people your suckers\\\\\\customers called.
The important thing is to find something that's
account-based rather than one-shot cash-up-front -
it's a lot cheaper for those companies not to need a billing system,
but sometimes the stickiness of repeat customers justifies it,
though they're more likely to send mail that doesn't list calls.
Most of those companies are gone now, but you could check the cards
for sale in your local convenience store or ethnic grocery
or lottery-tickets-and-liquor store and see if any of them
will do what you need.  Ethnic groceries are especially likely to work,
because telephone calls to third-world telcos are the most likely
to still have prices high enough to make workarounds profitable,
while US and UK prices are low enough that far fewer people care.

@_date: 2001-09-16 23:32:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: AP - Was Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
AP was designed to implement several objectives:
- Let the customer or customers for the service remain anonymous
- Let the service provider get paid without getting caught,
which includes remaining anonymous to the customers,
where the primary threat is governments tracking the payment.
- Let the potential target know the depth of public opinion about
his/her actions, encouraging a change of behavior to prevent the
bids from becoming sufficiently high.
In this case, the Feds didn't feel the need to remain anonymous
when they put out their "Bring Me The Head Of Osama bin Laden" contract,
nor did the dot-com millionaire who recently bid $10M.
And if bin Laden hadn't figured out that the Feds disliked him
by the time they fired 75 cruise missiles with his name on them
after they accused him of the embassy bombings, sticking his name
up on a computer bulletin board system won't change that much.
While anonymous digital cash, if it existed, would make payment quieter,
that's not the real problem for the stoolie who fingers bin Laden.
The traditional "here's the number for a secret Swiss Bank Account"
should do fine, or handing over the Magic American Express Card.
The problem is that anybody close enough to bin Laden who suddenly
started spending lots of cash after the Feds moved in would
suddenly be a very obvious candidate for community disapproval;
that's one mujahid who's better off leaving a revenge/suicide note
followed by CNN reporting that a small explosives-laden Cessna
was shot down over the Potomac.
Yeah - unlike Salmon Rushdie, there may be fewer people who want him killed,
but they'd be much more serious about it.
Include a public key with the anonymous tip,
and have the Feds encrypt the Swiss Bank Account Number with it.
Or at least have the money-delivery instructions signed with that key.

@_date: 2001-09-16 06:12:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: U.S. Held Liable in '90 Kidnap 
It's an excellent ruling, even though it is only allowing the
doctor to recover damages for the parts of the kidnapping that
happened in Mexico and not the time he spent in jail in the US
before he was acquitted.  The Justice Department said they'll appeal,
and given the impending campaign to capture Osama bin Laden,
which this could interfere with, they'll probably win.
But it's the Right Thing to do.

@_date: 2001-09-11 20:06:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old 
The mailbot deleted the pictures.
That's not a nationwide thing or an all-phone-companies thing -
most NYC-based numbers would be hard to reach,
and maybe some long distance carrier's database is in NYC,
but it's unlikely they'd have only a single database.
I'd heard there was a crash in Camp David - this is first I'd heard of this.
He was making speeches from an AFB in Louisiana.
The logical places to go would be Camp David (guess not...)
or Andrews AFB or the Fort Ritchie, MD emergency site.
The less logical place to go is back to the White House -
it's a bit riskier, but would make good PR.

@_date: 2001-09-11 15:23:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon,Old 
INteresting exchange from cyberia-l.
Mark was online earlier, and sent an article saying
         Try NYC traffic cams:

@_date: 2001-09-11 14:29:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old 
apparently two planes crashed into the World Trade Center,
and the top of one tower is gone.
another either crashed the pentagon or bombed it.
airports all closed.

@_date: 2001-09-11 14:56:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old 
even Akamai is slashdotted....  Here's the SF article printer-friendly version;
sorry about the formatting.
Planes crash into World Trade Center, creating horrifying scene; no word on Tuesday, September 11, 2001
)2001 Associated Press
URL:  (09-11) 06:39 PDT (AP) --
AP National Writer
NEW YORK (AP) -- Two planes crashed into the upper floors of both World Trade Center towers minutes apart Tuesday in what the President Bush said was an apparent terrorist attack, blasting fiery, gaping holes in the 110-story buildings. There was no immediate word on deaths or injuries.
The president ordered a full-scale investigation to "hunt down the folks who committed this act"
The twin disasters which happened shortly before 9 a.m. and then right around 9 a.m.
In Washington, officials said the FBI was investigating reports of a plane hijacking before the crashes.
Heavy black smoke billowed into the sky above the gaping holes in the side of the 110-story twin towers, one of New York City's most famous landmarks, and debris rained down upon the street, one of the city's busiest work areas. When the second plane hit, a fireball of flame and smoke erupted, leaving a huge hole in the glass and steel tower.
"Today we've had a national tragedy," Bush said. He called it "an apparent terrorist attack."
Ira Furber, former NTSB spokesman, discounted likelihood of accident.
"I don't think this is an accident," he said on CNN. "You've got incredibly good visibility. No pilot is going to be relying on navigational equipment."
"It's just not possible in the daytime," he added. "A second occurrence is just beyond belief."
The towers were struck by terrorist bombers in February 1993, killing six people and injuring more than 1,000 others.
All New York City-area airports were shut down, and several subway lines were immediately shut down. Trading on Wall Street was suspended.
"The plane was coming in low and ... it looked like it hit at a slight angle," said Sean Murtagh, a CNN vice president, the network reported.
"I was watching TV and heard a sonic boom," Jeanne Yurman told CNN. "The side of the World Trade Center exploded. Debris is falling like leaflets. I hear ambulances. The northern tower seems to be on fire."
Thousands of pieces of what appeared to be office paper came drifting over Brooklyn, about three miles from the tower.
A senior government official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the agency is pursuing reports that one or both of the planes were hijacked and that the crashes may have been the result of a suicide mission.
The source stressed that the reports are preliminary and officials do not know the cause of the crashes.
"It certainly doesn't look like an accident," said a second government official, also speaking on condition of anonymity.
In 1945, an Army Air Corps B-25, a twin-engine bomber, crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building in dense fog.
In Sarasota, Fla., Bush was reading to children in a classroom at 9:05 a.m. when his chief of staff, Andrew Card, whispered into his ear. The president briefly turned somber before he resumed reading. He addressed the tragedy about a half-hour later.
)2001 Associated Press

@_date: 2001-09-11 14:37:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old 
Highly unlikely to be physical damage; it's just slashdotted
because everybody with an internet connection tried it first.
The San Francisco Chronicle is still working because it's early morning
on the West Coast; they're sfgate.com, picture on the front page,
and the AP story is at

@_date: 2001-09-12 19:16:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
And even then, Swedish president Palme was assassinated some years ago.
(By contrast, some Swiss president died a few years ago,
in a public place if I remember the story correctly,
and it was a week or so before anybody realized who it was
or that their president was missing.)

@_date: 2001-09-12 07:47:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
The airliner that crashed in Pennsylvania was the one where one of
the passengers called his family on the cellphone and said (after other things)
they were going to try to rush the hijackers.
I'm not sure if that's the same plane where the cellphone caller
said the hijackers claimed to have a bomb or not,
but even if they *said* that it doesn't mean they really had one.
So it could have been a bomb, or it could have been a fight in the cockpit.
Some of the pilots may also have had family killed by Israel
or by US bombings in Iraq or the ten years of blockade --
today's (pre-bombing) Marin County CA paper had an opinion-page column
by somebody who just had permits rejected by the US export bureaucrats
for water chlorination systems they were trying to export to Iraq;
they smuggled them there anyway because unsafe water is *still* the
leading cause of death in Iraq.  Soldiers who are really angry
are sometimes willing to do suicidal attacks.

@_date: 2001-09-17 04:22:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: On Internet and social responsibility 
Jim, the First Amendment is a fine thing, but it's got very little
resemblence to twentieth-century US government practice :-)
Non-electronic speech and press gotten better treatment, mostly,
since we've gotten away from the days of the Schenk case,
but electronic speech has been heavily censored and controlled,
particularly under the Roosevelt-inspired monopoly over the airwaves.
But even the writers of that pro-central-government batch of
political compromise called the US Constitution appear to have
considered laws against fraud, slander, and libel to be reasonable
grounds for laws, and in some cases for duels.

@_date: 2001-09-17 04:33:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Suspending the Constitution 
There are two separate things going on there -
half of that money is for fixing New York;
the other half is for getting revenge on Bush's Enemies List
and letting the Military-Industrial Complex go kill people
so that the Americans believe Bush Is Not A Wimp.
Bush has been somewhat milder than the more rabid Congresscritters,
but some of that's just the basic Bell Curve plus media behavior -
with 500+ of them, you'd expect the more extreme to sound
fairly extremist, and you'd expect the media to cover the extremists.

@_date: 2001-09-17 08:54:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
Wow!  Sounds like an amazing building.   Too bad it won't last.
If India doesn't straighten out their problems with Pakistan,
it sounds like it won't last long enough to get 50,000 workers
before somebody takes it out.  Any way to sell short on it?

@_date: 2001-09-16 22:42:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
Sandy Wrote:
 > The question is not, "Can 250-story buildings be made safe?"
 > The only question is "How can they be made safe?"
The related question is "How can they be made economical?";
Todos Santos may have been, but it had the advantage of being fictional,
as did Gibson's nanotech-Nippon buildings that grew at night when
nobody was looking.  Unless we can get the economic systems
to support the number of people who work in a building like that,
including commuting costs from residential areas,
to balance out the benefits of working near each other,
the non-replacement of the building will be just evolution in action.
Donald Trump is a capitalist - if building his proposed
kilometer-high New Trump Tower would have made sense without
the subsidies he's been so good at talking New York into giving him,
it'd probably be built by now.  It's not.
Rebuilding it doesn't make sense, though I did enjoy the picture
that's been floating around the net of the replacement building,
four towers shaped like a hand with the middle finger extended. :-)
If it weren't for the near-infinite value of land in Manhattan,
I'd say it would be better to build your basic eternal-flame monument there.
Agreed - the Empire State building and Chrysler Building are cool,
but the WTC was ugly, though the view from the restaurant was impressive.
(...and the John Hancock tower in Boston at least had the entertainment value
of guessing where the next glass window was going to fall off...)
And the Parthenon lasted over 2000 years - it didn't turn into a ruin
until the Turks blew up the ammunition storage there in the ~1850s.
The Internet makes it possible for anybody to work from anywhere they want.
Of course, that's why everybody moved to the San Francisco Bay Area
to be near the action :-)

@_date: 2001-09-18 08:32:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Majority of Americans want anti-encryption laws, poll says 
Apparently one of Tim's neighbors is on the Other Side....

@_date: 2001-09-18 16:49:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Code Red seems to be back. 
Seems like Code Red or one of its little friends is back.
I think breaking up Microsoft is a bad idea,
but there are days it would be nice to have their
Web Server and Email Worm-Propagators run by companies
other than the operating system company just so fewer people
would be running that dangerous dreck.  :-)
Somebody did a paper about a hypothetical "Andy Warhol Virus",
studying how long it takes to take over a server,
how many servers you can attack per minute, and
what it would take to coordinate an attack that really hit everywhere.
15 minutes is about enough to hit most of the net,
if you find holes in Apache and IIS that don't need manual tweaking,
and if you don't alert people by scribbling their pages with
"Hacked by Chinese" or "Reformatted by bin Laden" before you're done.
Our chief weapons are surprise, exponential growth and
dividing up target address space effectively,
with quick checks to make sure you don't waste time on infected machines,
and, purely optionally, an almost fanatical analysis of hosting center configs.

@_date: 2001-09-23 19:16:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Op-ed on encryption: Privacy is no longer an argument 
It is bait and switch, but the argument is that if the
cops have keys to the house of the guy who drove the car into yours,
they can go see if he's got any co-conspirators and arrest them,
so the risk of getting caught is a deterrent to wouldbe co-conspirators
in future wouldbe crimes, and meanwhile it lets the cops look good
by catching the guys who helped do it.
It's interesting to me that this looks like Ashcroft was
somewhat on our side back when he was in the Senate,
though of course that doesn't mean he'll stay that way as AG.

@_date: 2001-09-23 21:14:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FUCK ORACLE, FUCK LARRY ELLISON 
Hey, it's today's newspaper, some of the cyberliberties crowd haven't
even gotten up for the morning yet...

@_date: 2001-09-24 08:05:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FC: Oracle's Larry Ellison urges national ID card for 
I hate to trigger Godwin's Law so soon (though somebody else already did it),
but are there any Bay Area tattoo shops that want to volunteer to help
with the National ID numbers?

@_date: 2001-09-27 08:29:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
If you're looking for territoriality, alarm capability,
and something cops and crooks don't know how to work around or prepare for,
don't mess with dogs - go for geese :-)
The cops may bring dog biscuits with them to distract dogs,
but with geese, that's just a noisy feeding frenzy,
and if they didn't bring bribes, well, you can reason with dogs,
but geese don't fall for the "Nice doggy" alpha-crap...
Of course, this only works well out in the country,
though I had a suburban neighbor in New Jersey who had geese
for a while before deciding some of the neighbors might get
bothered by the noise, and in Tim's case there's a risk that the
psycho dog next door might decide they look like food,
but they're cheerful to have around and don't require the
constant time and attention and work a dog needs.

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:48:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Only if you're recording - the cheap X10 cameras work just fine
with the back end plugged into a monitor rather than a recorder.

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:00:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
There are two large terrorist organizations that have smallpox supplies -
the US* and Russian military biological warfare groups -
and there are occasional rumors that other terrorists may also have them.
Each of the big terrorist groups claims that they need to keep the stuff
so that they can prepare vaccines in case the other side uses their stash for CBW,
and that they can't do a mutual disarmament because they can't trust each other
not to keep some hidden stash - plus the possibility that some other
terrorist group may have some, or that there may be some in the wild
that could reappear some day and we'd then be defenseless.
This is especially bogus for smallpox, because (as Jenner discovered),
cowpox is usable as a vaccine against smallpox, so keeping that
should be good enough, though the smallpox-based vaccines are more convenient.
There's a certain amount of counter-argument that says that the
other terrorists might have done some genetic engineering to create
a mutant smallpox that isn't bothered by cowpox immunity,
and therefore they need to keep the Genuine Bad Stuff around.
[*Technically the US probably uses the Center for Disease Control
to run the repository, but it's the basically the military's control here.]

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:30:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Muslims and Christians Stand United 
CJ's one of the more colorful fiction writers on the list....

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:08:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FAA new rules and the nEW gEStApo (was Nail clippers 
Make sure you also ban raspberries and bananas - and loganberries.
                          "Suppose he's got a pointed stick."
Wouldn't be hard to get a set of Nunchucks through an x-ray.

@_date: 2001-09-26 22:33:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Cooked/umodified lists?  (was: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / 
The spam was fairly bad - now that I've been on the lne.com list,
there's much less that gets through.  (Yay!).
I've found the message-mangling less annoying than the spam.
One problem you'll find is that even if you mutt-sign your messages,
the people on the lne.com list are going to receive them de-mimed,
so you can't depend on the mutt-mime-sigs getting through.
I don't mind MIME attachments, much, though it's much nicer to be
able to read PGP-signed messages inline than to have to
double-click on the things and feed them to PGP just to read them;
the versions of Mutt that didn't have this problem were almost
always hand-hacked by users who didn't like mutt's choices of options.
I use Eudora, which AFAIK doesn't lie about attachment filenames,
(e.g. the classic attack on MS Mail products of sending something
named foo.doc.exe or bar.jpg.pif and triggering an executable),
so I think I've been safe when I've opened attachments.
But I'd generally rather not have to deal with them.

@_date: 2001-09-27 08:09:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Defeatist Compromising Commentary From Reason Magazine 
But how many *individual* stories are those, as opposed to either
wire service stories appearing in multiple newspapers or
content skimmed from wire service stories mixed with other content?
Is it really one set of FBI pronouncements being used in all of them,
or is it multiple sources in the government hawking the same party-line memes
to reporters, or is it actual multiple independent sources?
Some of the stories probably also include reporters going to
Usual Crypto Suspects like Schneier and Zimmermann
asking for comments on the government/wireservice stories,
which at least adds some independence and diversity.
Possibly some of the reporters who've covered crypto issues in the past
may have added things from their own knowledge.
But for the most part I've seen articles that are basically all the same.

@_date: 2001-10-30 02:16:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Speaker Wanted - This Wednesday, Pulver Conference - Presence & 
(Brad spaced on the title....  brad )
This is Brad Templeton from the EFF.  This Wednesday I'm moderating a
panel at Jeff Pulver's semi-annual conference on Presence and Instant
Messaging.   It's a smallish (couple of hundred) conference where you'll
see most of the commercial players in instant messaging, with the very
notable exception of AOL.
However, having attended this conference I have found that most of the
people there pay little attention to issues of security and privacy in
the IM world.  Sometimes for real reasons (most IM is forced by NAT and
firewalls to be routed through central servers) but often times simply
because they haven't bothered.
The panel I am moderating is on these topics of Presence and Instant
Messaging, and due to various circumstances, right now I have only 2
other speakers on it, who will speak about the privacy and security work
being done by two standards bodies, the PAM formum, and the IETF SIP working
group.  I have my own talk on the design and political issues, but I can
move a lot of that into my plenary talk later in the day where I want to
get those issues out.
In particular I am interested in technologically interesting projects or
research to allow privacy, encryption and anonymity in instant messaging,
and also in presence data and location-aware devices.  (Part of the
conference is also on location aware services, E911 manadated location-aware
phones etc.)
So I apologize for not asking until today, but if you have done any work
in these areas you would like to talk about briefly, I could have a slot
for you, and get you free attendance at this normally $2,000 conference.
Last time Lenny Foner gave a great talk on his work.
The conference info is at  and my session is
This Wedesday, Oct 31, at 9:45am.  It is at the Marriott in Santa Clara.
Sorry as well for posting without regularly reading cypherpunks, but I
need to keep my email load down.

@_date: 2001-10-30 01:20:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Entertainingly dangerous spam - Access and use your PC from 
I received the following entertaining spam message.
Their product
I wonder who else it allows to access from any web browser, anywhere :-)
=========== BEGIN SPAM HERE ===============
Return-Path: Delivered-To: bill.stewart
Received: from mlm4.jobsonline.com (mlm4.jobsonline.com [216.35.218.199])
Received: from mlm3 (mlm3.jobsonline.com) by mlm4.jobsonline.com (LSMTP for Windows NT v1.1b) with SMTP id <12.00020FC2 Mon, 29 Oct 2001 12:12:02 -0500
 >> MIME-Version: 1.0
 >> Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="06986E0E1E196312E032AFBC"
X-UIDL: 976db5a1925596ff0fe346ba08cac846
You are receiving this recurring mailing because you registered to receive special offers from an Email OffersOnDemand marketing partner. If you would prefer not to receive future messages from Email OffersOnDemand, please scroll to the bottom of this message and follow the instructions.
Access and Use Your PC From Anywhere
*** Please forward this email to anyone who needs to access their computer away from the office. ***
Introducing a new technology for
Dialpad users that PC Magazine calls "revolutionary" and The New York Times calls "ingenious."
GoToMyPC allows you to securely access and use your office computer from any Web browser anytime, anywhere.
TELEWORKERS: Work on your office computer from home, easily and securely, with just an Internet connection.
TRAVELERS: Access and use your computer and files from hotels, airports, Internet cafes  anywhere with Web access.
AFTER-HOURS ACCESS: Access and use your office desktop, email and other corporate resources after hours from any location connected to the Internet.
DEMONSTRATIONS: Invite your prospective buyers to remotely view your computer screen for on-the-fly demos.
Download The Free Trial Now!
Member Services - This message is brought to you by Email Offers OnDemand. To find out more about Email Offers OnDemand visit  or write us at 541 N Fairbanks Court, Suite 2800 Chicago, IL 60611. , If you would prefer not to receive future marketing messages from us, Click here , or visit  , enter your email address, and click on the unsubscribe button. Only unsubscribe requests submitted to this page can be fulfilled. Email OffersOnDemand cannot fulfill unsubscribe requests submitted elsewhere or to the email boxes of individuals.
======= END SPAM ===========

@_date: 2001-10-30 01:05:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Pravda Propaganda On The NRA, GOA and Militias 
Back when LaRouche was being a leftist, it was obvious that
the Evil Rockefeller {Commie/Capitalist} Jewish Bankers' Conspiracy
must be running the world, because everybody from wacko lefties
to rightwingers like the Birchers and the more extreme rightwing wackos said so.
The SPLC may have its problems, but it looks a lot like
Pravda's problem with them is that they're Jews.
Bush Sr. was the guy who got us into the whole New World Order biz;
to see his son, elected because of his father's clout (ok, and the
lack of any credible Republican opposition) and surrounded by his
father's cronies, do anything else would have been highly surprising.
They may be Commies, but they want their own intellectual property enforced :-)

@_date: 2001-10-27 03:54:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: The new Internet archive 
The article title was "web.archive.org Internet archive to open"....

@_date: 2001-10-27 03:37:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: web.archive.org Internet archive to open ---google + 
It's not as outrageous as you'd think.  100GB drives are around $200,
which means that a terabyte will cost you about $3K if you throw in a PC
and some networking gear to connect it, so you could replicate that
in your basement next to your DES-cracker for about the same price -
the more expensive problem is getting the fiber optic connection
from the Presidio to your basement to keep it updated.
More to the point, recent news articles say the Feds have been
getting Google to delete things for them.
         Anybody know what's been deleted, and whether it's still in Wayback,
and whether we can get copies out into the public before anyone pressures
Brewster Kahle?

@_date: 2001-10-27 03:05:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: A champion of liberty speaks about privacy, cash smuggling 
She said "interstate".  That's WITHIN the US, not even outside the country.
That means she wants you busted if you take cash across state lines
without reporting it to the Proper Authorities, who can of course
confiscate it as suspected drug money.  Fortunately, that failed.
You'll have to read the passed bill to find out whatever atrocious
things they've added to your ability to engage in foreign commerce.

@_date: 2001-10-27 02:58:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Conman, quantum entaglement and no cat 
Or rigging the lottery drawing, but surely *that's* never been done :-)
You can also simulate time travel through delayed transmission;
         cf: The Sting
for examples of that.  Probably wasn't done here, but it could have been,
and putting out a broadcast story of "Earlier today, The Amazing Bogomeister
successfully predicted the Powerball Lottery", showing Himself with
the clock in the background *clearly* indicating the time as
an hour before the real lottery drawing took place would reinforce it.

@_date: 2001-10-27 02:51:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: a question 
One of the fun things about the internet is that
you can't just put things behind you -
information is never forgotten unless it's useful.
There are flames I wrote on Usenet back in the early 80s archived;
if only it were as easy to find the useful stuff.
As the song says, "C'mon Joe, you can always change your name".
If you did know, you'd have written to the people who run the
archives, not the people on the mailing list you once spammed,
not that either will erase it.  And there's more than one archive.
Looks like the Mitch's original "remove-me" request didn't make it to the lne.com list,
but it's in the inet-one archives.   Tim's reply included the spam.
The address of Mitch Shoemaker, the spammer, looks very much like
the address of
SHOEMAKER'S AUTO BODY  82  Iron St Rear N  Bloomsburg PA 17815 (717) 784-3585
which probably explains why none of the four listings in Anywho
have the same address as Mitch the spammer.
Shoemaker, Angie  90 Alexis Dr  BLOOMSBURG, PA 17815  570-389-1834
Shoemaker, Charles E  345 E 8 St  BLOOMSBURG, PA 17815  570-784-2690
Shoemaker, Paul  90 Alexis Dr  BLOOMSBURG, PA 17815  570-389-1834
Shoemaker, William L  918 E 7 St  BLOOMSBURG, PA 17815  570-784-1218
I'm guessing that the area code for Shoemaker's auto body is now 570.
You should have known that it was rude and deceptive,
and had some clue that the only way you can make money from it is
by getting a bunch of suckers to lose money.
Whether or not that's illegal is really a secondary issue.

@_date: 2001-10-26 00:41:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Dilbert Random Number Generator 
Dilbert's been visiting the Trolls In Accounting,
who have been spitting all over his data.
Now he's on a tour, and the troll is showing him their random number generator.

@_date: 2001-10-24 20:39:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Is there a subway in DC? 
The DC Metro is one of the nicer subways systems in the country.
And for both NYC and DC, the subway definitely beats most other
transportation methods - neither city could support even the
parking needs for their residents or workers if everyone drove,
and busses aren't managed in a way that they could replace subways,
particularly because even with many more of them,
they'd be stuck in traffic that the subways can avoid.
Besides, especially in NYC, there are so many interesting people
that you encounter on the subways :-)

@_date: 2001-10-22 06:34:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Is FBI's Robert Blitzer related to Wolf Blitzer? 
The London Times article on FBI torture referred to
"Robert Blitzer, a former head of the FBIs counter-terrorism section".
Does anybody know if he's related to journalist Wolf Blitzer?

@_date: 2001-10-20 21:57:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Followup - Re: Risks of bogus e-mail addresses 
That news is nonsense.  I talked with the priest who was cited on vnunet.
He said that some Filipino members of his church received that sms and were
also questioned by the police (very politely, he stressed), but this was in
no way related to receiving the sms.  The padre basically said that the
story was made up by a leftist ngo called Migrante International, then
printed without research by the inquirer, and then found its way on the net.
He and some Filipinos are now demanding the ngo to apologize for spreading
fear with the relatives of the questioned people.
Sascha Mattke, Redaktion BIZZ, Stolberger Strasse 200, 50933 Koeln
Tel +49 (0) 221 - 5341-575  mattke.sascha

@_date: 2001-10-19 17:26:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FBI grammar (was Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards 
More to the point, English grammar also has a thing about
evolution, flexibility, and development and acquisition of new words,
so the mere fact that "data" was a plural noun when we first stole it,
or alternatively a collective noun, doesn't mean that that's
what we did with it when we were done adopting it into common usage.
Besides, the FBI ought to be bashed for what they *said*,
not just the inarticulateness with which you believe they said it.
English and American languages do have a lot of fundamental structure,
including a variety of competing structures,
but they're fundamentally usage-based, not centrally-controlled like French.
(And at that, French central control of language was merely a successful imposition of Parisian culture and language on the rest of the country,
intended to stomp out resistance from Provencal, Breton, and other
regional languages and dialects, during the periods when various
kings and dictators and emperors were imposing their control on the
economics and politics of the region.  .)

@_date: 2001-10-19 00:52:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: "Expert" fooled by Bert Stego 
You're missing the fundamentals of conspiracy here -
the secret steganographically-hidden message in the Osama & Bert poster
*is* the picture of Bert :-)
But what does it *mean*?  Is it just to distract you from the fnords?
Osama doesn't use Occam's razor, after all.
Is it the basic principle that the reason you don't understand why
they've hidden Bert's picture in the picture of Bert
is that *that just shows how clever they are*?
Or is it something more subtle, more dangerous,
a denial of service attack cleverly designed to keep the experts
distracted by analyzing this South-West-Asian version of a koan,
looking beyond the picture of one puppet clapping to find the
invisible hand hidden inside, trying to see the fingerprints through
the cloth instead of looking around them at what's really happening
behind their backs.
Wheels within wheels, man.
By the way, there was iocaine powder in both glasses.

@_date: 2001-10-14 09:27:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Annual Linux Showcase Nov 8-10 Oakland Marriott 
Free registration until 10/15 for exhibits - the whole show is Nov 5-10,
with exhibits on Nov 8-10.  It's related to Usenix.

@_date: 2001-10-09 04:59:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: AGAINST ID CARDS 
It's a really, *really* bad idea.
It's politically much easier to successfully oppose an obviously bad thing,
like National ID cards and other internal pass laws,
than to successfully oppose incremental changes in existing systems.
And forcing states to use uniform practices means that you
can't find a place to have a driver's license merely
indicate your driving skills, as opposed to hundreds of other uses.
For instance, collecting SSNs for driver's licenses,
which makes it possible to correlate drivers databases with
most other databases in the country, was done back in the 80s,
and in many states the SSN is printed on the DL or IS the DL number.
(The Federal Privacy Act had little effect on this process -
it's just a law, so future laws can easily change it, and did so.)
Another big change in DL policies was the requirement for
citizenship papers to get permission to drive.
Here in California that was largely done to prevent the
clear and present danger of people speaking Spanish while driving,
and many other states have jumped on the harassing-immigrants bandwagon.
Since many jobs need driver's licences (or at least transportation),
immigrants now have a major financial incentive to get them,
so the price and supply of corruption in motor vehicle departments
has gone up substantially.  Before this, the main people who needed
high-quality driver's licenses were convicted bad drivers
who were trying to dodge the system, and that was easier to stop.
(There was also a demand for fake ID for underage drinkers,
but low-quality fakes are fine for that, and they don't need to be
Driver's licenses have increasingly become tools of social control -
the common excuse is "deadbeat dads", and in many states
conviction for drug possession offenses also gets them suspended.
Until 9/11, you could still routinely travel without government ID,
though many airlines have a policy of training their people to lie
about "no, that's always been the policy".
ACLU Cards with pictures would have helped that - don't leave home
without one - but I doubt we'll have that freedom again for a while.
New Jersey, BTW, encodes lots of information in the DL number -
the S8235 at the beginning of mine was a Soundex for "Stewart",
the 5 digits at the end encoded birthdate and I think
race or eye color, and some of the middle six digits may have also
encoded that, though some were just serial numbers.
It provides some security against licenses forged by
people who don't know the rules.
         [They're also listed in plaintext.  The forms let you
         update your address, but not most of the personal data,
         so my weight still shows what I weighed when I was 22.]
As long as there's a driver's license number printed on the card,
it's a unique ID for database lookups attached to your name.
If the other certifications are encrypted, that means that
*you* don't know what they say, but cops who run the card
through a computer lookup will - and cops will *have* to
run the card through a computer lookup to use them,
whereas now they can just look at them if they want.
If you could get a card that just had your picture and the
certifications, and not your name or address,
that might be an improvement, but it ain't gonna happen.
And meanwhile, in many states you've got some flexibility about
whether the license lists the address where you get snailmail
or the address where you sleep or the address where you own land.
Expect any uniform standards to erase that.
What can the ability to do database lookups do?
Well, if the signatures indicate that you're black,
or a Registered Republican Voter, or a Welfare Recipient,
or a Registered Drug Offender, it's much easier for
anybody who wants to target you do do so.
If the databases are only accessible to authorized users,
that increases the demand for bribable authorized users,
especially if the expanded set of uses expands the set of
authorized users.  It's possible to keep the different sets
of information separate, if there's the technical skill
and political will to do so, but there's little enough of the former
and none of the latter among the kinds of people who'd
make the requirements for that kind of system.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2001-10-08 15:56:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
More to the point, most spiders don't cache images, only text,
so much of the interesting content isn't cached.
I'm not sure how many of them cache PDFs; some of those are
searchable and indexable, while some are just bitmaps.
On the other hand, the Feds generally don't have as much
fancy-graphics-design-for-inaccessibility, so more of their text
may be cacheable than typical business sites.
Shutting down web sites with data that terrorists could use
has been going on for a few years - apparently many of the
haz-mat sites are no longer accessible to the public,
including one of the Bay Area sites that shut down a few weeks
before we had a major refinery fire.  Yes, there are potential
threats to public safety if terrorists can use this data,
but there are more serious threats if the public can't use it
to determine what's near them, and far more serious threats
if fire departments can't access the data conveniently.

@_date: 2001-10-04 08:05:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: America needs an enema... 
Welcome back!  Is your password still "No"? :-)
No worries on the "abusive" part ....
As far as anarchy and government go, the US has had Neutrality Laws
in place since somewhere around the 20s or 30s to keep us from
getting into another War To End All Wars, and they also
cover individuals as well - Americans aren't allowed to go
make war on people without their government's permission.*
If those laws aren't repealed in the next couple of weeks,
we'll see how many of the patriot-militia types break them
and go shoot up a bunch of the wrong Afghans...
[* I don't remember if they applied to individuals at the time
of the Spanish Civil War, but they have since then.]

@_date: 2001-10-04 02:03:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FC: Responses to ICANN preserving Net-stability against 
Yes, but he's got the "Hey, how did somebody from the *public* get
one of the public slots on the board of directors?!?!?" seat
on the board, and the cabal is trying to prevent anybody like
that from actually happening again :-)
The current Capability-based operating system project is
EROS, the Extremely Reliable Operating System, (I think it's .org.  You can't just look for  for obvious I know it was active a year ago; not sure what they've done lately,
but the last I heard, their ringleader was at a university professorship,
so there may be grad students developing it some more,
and they were looking at making it microkernel-based.
One of the other well-known capability-based systems was KeyKOS;
some of the main folks from that are at Agorics.com.
There are three or four main kinds of attacks/failures for the domain system -
- Failures/Attacks on the servers themselves
- Attacks on the data transmission - various technical attacks such as
         spoofing DNS requests, adding extra records to responses, etc.
         DNSSEC and similar kinds of authentication are important for preventing these.
- Attacks on the data, e.g. forged change requests - that's another very strong
         reason for authentication technology, whether it's PGP or dumb - Social engineering attacks on the system, such as UDRP abuse by trademark          trying to reverse-cybersquat, as well as cybersquatting abuses,
         and delaying the extra TLDs.
James Love  suggests:
Depends on what you think their original mission was :-)
If your initial goal is World Domination, mission creep's no problem...
I've been especially concerned with their grab of the IPv6 numberspace
and the price-fixing that's prevented almost anyone from buying it.
There was a while that MAE-East was in a parking garage in Maryland,
with not much more than chain-link fence for protection.

@_date: 2001-10-03 17:31:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: and now for something completely different... 
This wasn't so much a change in bin Laden's character,
but a change in targets.  Or, as John Walker's bumper sticker puts it
         "Evil Empires - One Down, One To Go"

@_date: 2001-10-03 17:28:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: USG muscles Arab TV stations to present its view 
I'm offline, so I haven't read the full article, but
Al-Jazeera news service was one of the users of the
Infocom Corporation, web site in Texas that the Fedz shut down September 5.
At 11:46 PM 09/06/2001 -0500, Jim Choate wrote to the Cypherpunks list
 > It's an outrageous story.
 - 9/5/01
 - 9/6/01
Infocom Corporation, is a web hosting and computer sales company based in Richardson, Texas,
supporting over 500 clients, particularly Arabic web sites,
which were shut down temporarily during the raid (many are back up now).
Clients include Al-Jazeera television and the newspaper Al-Sharq, both based in Qatar, and
several major Muslim American organizations such as the
Council on American Islamic Relations, the Islamic Society of North America,
the Islamic Association for Palestine and the Holy Land Foundation.

@_date: 2001-10-01 08:02:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Larry Ellison wants National ID Card database 
Somebody on the list, promoting a total boycott of Oracle,
quoted Larry Ellison as saying:
We need a database that knows,
when you walk into an airport and say you're Larry Ellison,
whether to take the big orange boot off your private jet's wheels that's
there because you keep violating the quiet-hour curfew at San Jose airport
And it needs to do this at every airport in the country so that,
if your flight plan gets you into San Jose too late at night,
they won't let you take off, even if you have caught up on your fines.

@_date: 2001-10-04 01:35:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Security Measures 
Are rain dances still legal?
Or only in the dry season?

@_date: 2001-10-02 20:09:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Congress drafts new "anti-terror" bill -- with expiration 
It's nice that the proposal has a sunset clause in it,
to limit the amount of time that we're subject to the
various good or bad half-baked suggestions and the various
agencies' requests for powers they've always wanted.
Expect that the worst parts will get extended indefinitely over the years :-)

@_date: 2001-10-03 10:06:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
Domain names are supposed to have at least one primary DNS server
and at least one secondary DNS server, and some names
will arrange to have more than one secondary.
It wouldn't be at all surprising if Verio uses
one server as the primary for both names and one as the secondary for both.
It's probably worthwhile for you to arrange another secondary -
there are crypto-friendly sites that will probably be happy to do so
(e.g. toad.com, havenco.com, thebunker.net, etc.)

@_date: 2001-10-03 09:35:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
Another useful stopgap is the dynamic DNS providers,
such as dyndns.org, which give you a third-level domain
and convenient tools for updating your information.
They're oriented towards the dial/dsl/cablemodem users
who want to run web sites and other servers from
machines that have dynamic IP addresses -
your machine keeps them updated with your current address,
so people who connect to yourmachine.theirservice.net
get to wherever you are now.

@_date: 2001-10-04 07:46:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Nifty secret bank system 
This system accomplishes two main things - moving money securely,
and working around government interference with money transfers,
particularly India's restrictions on their non-convertible rupee.
It's approximately the same system that the Italians ran
so successfully during the Middle Ages - have offices in
multiple cities in Italy and Spain, and there's enough traffic
in different directions that the deposits and withdrawals
in each city are mostly balanced, so the risky and expensive
job of shipping gold and silver between cities only needs to be done
on the net differences, not on the much larger gross,
and depending on the level of trust between the different parties,
you can float for quite a while and more easily absorb the
occasional loss to pirates or shipwreck.
This market's a bit more directional, perhaps, but it's dealing
with cultures that have been doing lots of trading for millenia,
and understand the value of repeat business, so it can adapt to
the current needs, and adjusts prices to reflect the costs of
moving the net transfers and the current risk value of trust.

@_date: 2001-10-04 16:57:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: ZKS Shutdown 
It's on Slashdot.
 - shutdown warning
 - warning that
         with fewer servers, your anonymity is less protected
         from traffic analysis
 - discussion

@_date: 2001-10-05 17:42:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: The Martyrdom Videogame 
Just another example of the trend that you
don't need to be religious to exercise religious bigotry.
Hating other people and insulting their values
doesn't require either understanding them
or having values of your own.
It's frustrating how rabidly intolerant a lot of
ostensibly socially liberal people are.

@_date: 2001-10-06 04:14:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could do 
There was a recent article on Posse Comitatus by some military lawyer
that was mentioned on some list in the last month.
IANAJAG, so I don't know how valid it is, but he asserts, probably correctly, that:
1) Posse Comitatus is just a *law*, not a Constitutional clause,
         not a court decision - Congress made it, so they can change it,
         any time 51% of them think it's a politically useful thing to do,
         as long as they can talk the President into it,
         and most Presidents aren't all that averse to being given more power.
2) In practice, Posse Comitatus has evolved into a procedural issue,
         not a separation-of-powers issue - the military can't be used
         for domestic law enforcement, at all, for any reason, ever,
         unless they're asked properly on the approriate 3-part-carbon form,
         with the blanks filled in neatly and a signature at the bottom,
         in which case it's just fine if the military brass agree.
         The War On Politically Incorrect Drugs has a lot to do with this,
         but it's been happening anyway.
3) P.C. isn't even an ancient law - it evolved after the War Between The States
         (you could look up the date, I think 1870s).
         So it didn't apply to Northern Aggression, whether you accept the
         Nationalist-Manifest-Destiny position that the Southerners
         were a bunch of rebels who should be stomped down to protect unity,
         which wasn't bothered by legal niceties that weren't written yet,
         or the pro-independence position that free people don't need to rebel,
         they can simply secede, in which case the Confederacy was a foreign
         country that the Union Army was invading, and P.C. wouldn't have          even if it had been written by then.
Back in the 60s, during the race riots, it was pretty common to have
National Guard troops on the streetcorners to intimidate blacks.
Even in Wilmington, Delaware.  Sometimes they were also used on
student protestors.  Not the kind of thing you'd expect in a free country,
but this was America.

@_date: 2001-10-06 21:22:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Satellite of love 
The NRO's web page "How to Contact Us" information doesn't say
         "Put a big sign on your roof and we'll call you."
but it does have pointers to CIA recruiting information.
 - kids! Build your own satellite!
 - pics of a spy satellite
NIMA has cut back on what pictures they'll distribute,
according to John Young, but there's still some good stuff there.
 - lots of GPS-related material.
 - anguilla ICBM addresses.
Vince Cate:
1       -1393191        -2000673        18.2166667      -63.05  181300 -630300 20QMF9471314158 MF91    NE20-06 P       PPLC            AV      0                               N                      THEVALLEY       The Valley      The Valley
 - Afghanistan
 - GPS Technology.
Amazing - they used to talk about 1 meter resolution....
More than 10% fail on launch - I'll be happy to let them stay unmanned...
Reminds me of the scene in "The Right Stuff" where the astronaut
is talking about how he's about to get thrown into space
by a rocket built by the lowest bidder.

@_date: 2001-10-08 05:17:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Let's Attack The Irish White Christian Terroroists... 
Yes, but they don't do that when they're bombing pubs or department stores.
Bobby Sands's suicide for his cause didn't kill other people,
but that doesn't mean the IRA as a whole aren't murderers and thugs
(nor does it mean the British overlords or the
more extreme Protestant groups aren't murderers or thugs either.)
On the other hand, US tobacco merchants, who kill about 7000 Americans per plus some harder-to-estimate number of people in other countries,
have been putting warnings on their products for 35 years,
and lots of people still don't get out of the way in time.
(Plus the US government has not only subsidized growers over the years,
they've actively subsidized tobacco export marketing.)

@_date: 2001-10-20 21:15:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Another precious moment from shrub... 
If this is the Soviet sponsored tyranny that replaced 40 years of
"He may be an SOB, but he's OUR SOB" brutal dictatorship,
it's Nicaragua.
And the US government spent $9/voter (or maybe vote, I don't remember which)
on campaign funding for the election where Chamorro beat Ortega -
that's far beyond the amounts spent in normal US elections -
plus they'd funded military resistance and civil war against the
Sandinistas, so the economy was seriously damaged not only by
Marxist stupidity and traditional cronyism and corruption,
which would have done a number on it all by themselves,
but by the need to spend large amounts on the military,
the destruction caused by both sides of the conflict,
and the diversion of otherwise-productive people into war,
and of course by the serious limitations on international trade
caused by the US military mining their harbors.

@_date: 2001-10-09 05:05:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Risks of bogus e-mail addresses "FROM: ObL": Risks Digest 
Actually, the press article describes the message as an "SMS",
which is a GSM Short Message Service cell-phone text message,
rather than an email.  This implies that the Belgian police
are either routinely eavesdropping on GSM text messages,
or else some intelligence service is doing so and asked them
to do the local legwork.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, October 08, 2001 3:50 PM
 >Date: Wed, 3 Oct 2001 14:11:16 -0400
 >From: pcw (Peter Wayner)
 >Subject: Risks of bogus e-mail addresses "FROM: ObL"
 >
 >Sincerely yours, *Not* Osama bin Laden?
 >
 >A Filipino in Belgium ended up in jail after *receiving* a joke e-mail
 >seemingly from Osama bin Laden (but apparently from one of his friends),
 >asking to "stay with you for a couple of days."  The man was freed only
 >after a Catholic priest vouched for him as a regular attendee each Sunday.
 >[
 >
 >   Ah, there's nothing like putting faith in identity, keyword scanning
 >   surveillance, and data stored in computers.

@_date: 2001-10-16 19:15:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: .mil censor$ commerc. satellite imagery 
That was interesting.  Today's SF Chronicle also has another article
on satellites, mainly focusing on the technology,
which is a lot better than during the First Gulf War.
Much of the content comes from GlobalSecurity.org,
a non-profit space and defense analysis center,
and there are also pointers to SpaceImaging.com.
Resolutions are better, and battlefield commanders can get color pictures,
weather images, infrared coverage which is good for checking bomb damage,
radar images, and faster responses for everything.
The article talks about 1-foot resolution; some other articles have
said there's technology as good as 10cm, though that's
mainly for narrow-focus pictures, not wide-area.
By contrast, First Gulf War images were mainly 10meter.
French Spot satellites have 1-meter resolution,
and Ikonos was at least that good before the military did the
exclusivity deal.   A new commercial satellite called
Quickbird is being launched later this week by DigitalGlobe Corp.
It should do 2 feet for black&white and eight feet for color and infrared.
One of the Internet map sites, I think Mapquest, also has
aerial photos for many US areas.  I'm not sure if they're satellite
or if they're airplane-based.  It's good enough to clearly make out
my condo complex, including the pool, and the image shows a
purple blob on the street that may be my car.  Amazing stuff, and free,
though it doesn't cover the whole US.

@_date: 2001-10-17 16:24:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems (fwd) 
David Lesher  sent the following to CYBERIA-L
National Journal's Technology Daily
PM Edition
October 16, 2001
HEADLINE: PRIVACY: FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems
PHOENIX -- The FBI is in the process of finalizing technical
guidelines that would require all Internet service providers (ISPS) to
reconfigure their e-mail systems so they could be more easily
accessible to law enforcers. The move, to be completed over the next
two months, would cause ISPs to act as phone companies do to comply
with a 1994 digital-wiretapping law. "They are in the process of
developing a very detailed set of standards for how to make packet
data" available to the FBI, said Stewart Baker, an attorney at Steptoe
& Johnson who was formerly the chief counsel to the National Security
Agency (NSA).
The proposal is not a part of the anti-terrorism legislation currently
before Congress because the agency is expected to argue that the
Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (CALEA) already
grants it the authority to impose the requirement, Baker said. He
added that some ISPs already meet the requirements.
Baker, who frequently represents Internet companies being asked to
conduct electronic surveillance for the FBI, made the revelation
Tuesday in a panel discussion at the Agenda 2002 conference here on
how the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks are likely to affect the technology
industry and civil liberties. He elaborated on the plan in an
Such a stance could result in considerable cost to many ISPs, and it
would constitute a reversal of previous government policy, which held
that ISPs are not subject to CALEA's requirements. But Baker also said
"it has been a long-term goal of the FBI and is not just a reaction to
Sept. 11."
Mitchell Kapor, chairman of the Open Source Application Foundation and
a founder of Lotus Development, also spoke on the panel. Kapor also
started the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) and has been a vocal
advocate of Internet privacy. EFF played a significant role in the
CALEA debate, and divisions over whether to support that law led to a
split of the organization.
"Under the cover of people's outrage [over the terrorist attacks] and
desire for revenge, lots of things that have been defeated before have
been brought back in [to the anti-terrorism legislation] without a
demonstration that the lack of appropriate law is a problem," Kapor
said in an interview. But on the whole, Kapor and Baker shared more
common ground on the acceptability of new electronic surveillance than
they had in the past, with both expressing the view that now is a time
for calm reconsideration of positions rather than butting horns over
the details of how civil liberties would be curtailed by an
anti-terrorism bill.
"I find myself more in the middle than I used to because my identity
in life is not as a civil liberties advocate," Kapor said. "Part is
being an American and a world citizen." Baker said it was entirely
appropriate for the FBI to conduct far more surveillance.
"What has changed [since Sept. 11] is the view of the technology
community," Baker said. "I used to get calls like, 'How can I beat the
NSA?'" said Baker. "Now, people call and say, 'I have this great idea
that would help NSA,' or, 'I want to go volunteer and do outreach on
behalf of the FBI or NSA.' There is a real change of people's view
about who the bad guys are."
A host is a host from coast to coast.................wb8foz
& no one will talk to a host that's close........[v].(301) 56-LINUX
Unless the host (that isn't close).........................pob 1433
is busy, hung or dead....................................20915-1433
For Listserv Instructions, see Off-Topic threads: Need more help? Send mail to: Cyberia-L-Request

@_date: 2001-10-23 02:54:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
My brother was a Teamster once, when he had a job in a warehouse.
He decided that if he was going to have to pay union dues,
he was going to work towards making the union local have some
actual control over where the political-contribution part of the dues went
instead of letting the Teamsters national bosses control it.
(Do not taunt Happy Fun Teamster!  He had a good time messing with them...)
I'm strongly opposed to laws requiring companies to deal with unions,
but also to right-to-work laws that forbid companies from doing
exclusive deals with unions, except insofar as they're counteracting
federal mandatory-union laws.  After growing up watching Philadelphia TV,
it took me a long time to be willing to view unions as anything other
than the violent thugs who kept burning down construction sites
and beating non-union workers and excluding incorrect racial groups
and helping Mafiosi shake down businesses, though some of the businesses
also helped Mafiosi shake down unions and hired their own goons
(both blue-suited and free-market) to beat up union members as well -
government and Pinkerton thugs have been just as violent and murderous,
particularly in the coal mine strikes and northwestern lumber strikes,
and the government has occasionally provided National Guard strikebreakers
to do scab labor as well as to beat up strikers, which is
inappropriate in a free market.
Politics aside, though, I've dealt with construction unions and
communications workers unions, and
sometimes unions have been able to provide good service both for
their members and for companies that hire them -
you can go to the appropriate union hall and get well-trained workers
to do the projects you need, and they provide workers with a certain
amount of mutual insurance, often including medical and pension benefits.
It's not that much different than what many of the Silicon Valley
technical body-shops provide, except that the internal dispute-resolution
methods are much more strictly seniority-based than competence-based,
and it's more collectivist than individualist, but that's not as
inappropriate as you'd think for industrial-age businesses that
need large groups of workers for mass-production work rather than
individual artisans.
Business hiring is a process of negotiation in a market,
in which all sides are trying to maximize their return,
just as buying and selling are.
Capitalists are out to make money, and so are workers,
and if forming a union is an effective negotiating tool
for the workers to get more of the pie than they'd get individually,
then I wish them good luck, just as if forming partnerships
or other kinds of business alliances are an effective business tool
for business owners, I wish them good luck too -
as long as they stick to moral methods, rather than
threatening violence against strikebreakers or strikers
or hiring politicians to give them an unfair advantage.
Employee Stock Ownership Plans have also been an effective method
of aligning the interests of unions and companies -
they tend to encourage cooperation by leading both sides to
recognize their mutual intersts.  Of course, when you start
giving workers stock, and telling them they're "empowered",
you find they not only care about the company's success,
they really lose patience for upper-management cluelessness,
and in a unionized company, sometimes this is more visible to
clueless upper managers than in a non-unionized company
where the pointy-haired ones can ignore their "empowered" workers.
Collectivist anti-management rhetoric, greedy union bosses,
and various other cluelessness and abuses by unions sometimes
cause employers to go broke or generally keep the pie smaller
than if they were willing to share the wealth and do the
win-win strategy of growing their market or at least their market share,
and eventually Darwin will get those people; same holds true for
greedy, stupid, and short-sighted business-owners or managers.
Unfortunately, this often turns into a lose-lose situation,
especially when organizational conflict causes a business to be
too inflexible to adapt to changing market conditions.
Back when part of the company I was in had some threat of becoming
unionized, some of my co-workers joked about how we ought to
respond by forming a Wobbly local, and run it against the CWA/IBEW/etc.
The IWW may have a bunch of economically clueless class-warfare rhetoric
about the worker class never having common interests with the boss class,
but they can be pretty individualist and they certainly don't
put up with greedy union bosses trying to push them around.
(One guy from another union referred to them as the "I Won't Work" society.)
They do have an unfortunate history of violence as well,
but hey, if we've got to be part of One Big Union,
might as well have it be One Big Highly Disorganized Union,
and it seems to really torque off the Teamsters.

@_date: 2001-10-20 20:44:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: http://www.cnn.com/2001/HEALTH/conditions/10/20/anthrax/ 
Does that mean they're switching over to actual milk or cream for coffee?
At least there's some good coming out of this :-)

@_date: 2001-10-22 06:30:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: And another one bites the dust, another one down, another 
Depends a lot on which strain it is - some varieties of anthrax are
treatable by penicillin and some other common antibiotics,
while others are resistent and need Cipro.
Unfortunately, telling them apart takes a couple of days of culturing,
during which time your patient dies if you guessed wrong,
but apparently the penicillins do a much better job when they work
without being anywhere near as nasty for the patient.

@_date: 2001-10-23 02:05:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Conman, quantum entaglement and no cat 
Now, if Penn and Teller had done the same thing, they'd say
"Of course it's a trick!  We fooled you guys,
and you couldn't catch how we did it!
People only use 10% of our brain capacity,
but we're using 15% of ours and you're using 5% of yours,
so tricking you is *easy*!  And we can do it again,
with Teller hanging upside down in a straightjacket
over a bed of nails!"
Occasionally you can see how they do their tricks,
usually in the "Mofo the Psychic Gorilla" schtick,
but that's because while you're catching them doing one trick,
they're actually setting up another one.  Mofo knows.....
BTW, Penn did a nice anti-Clipper rant in his computer column
about N years ago.

@_date: 2001-10-23 08:13:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Netscape Out! 
6.0 ranged from bad, if you had enough RAM, to mind-bogglingly amazingly bad
if you ran on Win98 with 24MB RAM.  It was way beyond atrocious -
just trying to load the startup page (set to "about://") took
tens of minutes of little pieces dribbling onto the screen.
6.1, on the other hand, seems to work tolerably well,
at least on my 64MB RAM machine.
I normally use Mozilla (though I'm finding that 0.9.5 crashes a bit more than 0.9.4.)
The one main gripe I've had about Mozilla has been that a number of
plug-ins either don't work at all or have installers that get confused
if your machine has both a Netscape 6.x and a Mozilla on it,
and tends not to install itself where the Mozilla can find it.
I use IE for pages that have too much broken Javascript to survive on Mozilla,
or for pages that have plugins that my Mozilla doesn't support.

@_date: 2001-10-25 07:35:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
Analog shouldn't really be cheaper than digital these days.
A digital cellphone with roughly the same parts costs ~$100,
and includes radio parts as well.
The big costs of a device like this are
- amortizing development costs
- packaging for smallness and cuteness
- designing for low power use.
A sound card costs $5, a modem costs $10, a PC104 card is $$25-50;
you should be able to integrate them on a board for a similar cost,
as long as you don't mind a somewhat slow public-key step
(or paying to license elliptic-curve algorithms),
and if you don't mind the power and space from general-purpose designs,
i.e. a simple, ugly, AC-powered board like the
never-finished "Harmless Little Project".
Real designs would eliminate most of the inter-card glue,
and cut down on unused interfaces, and eventually put stuff in ASICs.
But you have to run enough volume to amortize the development costs.
If you want to do off-the-shelf today, probably the easiest choice
is to start with a Compaq iPaq - they're about $500, and burn batteries
too fast to be really ideal, but they're fast enough (unlike Palm)
and include audio hardware (don't know if it's full-duplex),
and you can hang modems on them.
Some of the scrambler descriptions sounded like they were digital,
not analog, but still had wimpy homemade crypto.
My memories of the device that used Bell Labs crypto algorithms
are that it was *probably* the "commercial-sale-approved weak crypto"
version of the STU-III that we did back in the late 80s,
and if so it's weaker than DES, but I haven't actually seen it.
(We did multiple versions on that platform - the STU-III used
NSA-supplied crypto chips, the Federal-Unclassified-Use version
used single-DES, and I don't remember if the commercial one was
exportable or not.)

@_date: 2001-10-23 08:18:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
Yee-hah!  I'm glad that finally got worked out!
Well, anywhere the phone jacks and dialing standards are compatible.
You probably want to stop at Fry's or some overpriced airport shop
and get a collection of different shaped phone jacks and alligator clips,
if you're taking them to places with Funky Phone Standards.
Depends on whether the fire sale includes intellectual property
or just parts.   That's certainly a call for companies in this line of work
to (preferably) do a "read-only open source" if they're not doing real or at minimum do a source code / design escrow.
At the time they started, AES wasn't finalized.
The main negatives about 3DES are that it's slow and ugly,
plus it takes a bit too much code space and needs 168bits of key,
but it's incredibly thoroughly studied and everybody trusts it.
And 2048-bit Diffie-Hellman provides plenty of key bits,
and when you're doing voice at 4800-24000kbps ( = 600-3000 Bytes/sec),
the encryption isn't your big horsepower consumer,
compared to the voice compression, and even if you do compression in ASICs,
you still need to keep enough CPU around to do the Diffie-Hellman in
reasonable amounts of time and handle connection handshaking,
so 3DES isn't any big strain.

@_date: 2001-10-23 16:07:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: openbsd encrypted fs 
I don't have a BSD system around to check -
what does this approach do?
Is Dr. Evil's concern with loopback just the speed?
(Plus the ugly minimal user interface, which is a job for a script.)
Machines are enough faster these days that I'd think the
only places that's a big hit, other than database apps,
are swap space, and you can mostly fix that by buying enough RAM.
If you've got applications that insist on putting data in /etc or /var,
or for log files in general, you have to be careful about the order the
system starts in.  And if you're worried about people seeing your config files
that might show who you communicate with, you could go paranoid about this.
IPSEC secrets may be a concern, if stealing/cloning the disk lets someone
forge your identity.
Laptop theft belongs in *most* security models.

@_date: 2001-10-23 16:31:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: USPS:  glowing by leaps and bounds 
Adds new meaning to a "glowing letter of recommendation" :-)
This isn't the kind of thing you back off on, once you've started,
because the potential threat of muckers out there doesn't decrease over time,
thought the number of wannabees and copycats may be temporarily high.
The real question is how much does the government want to either
scare us about the threats or reassure us about how well
they're protecting us, or both - given that they've been waving the
anthrax flag for four or five years now, I'd expect this is long term.
Magnetic media shouldn't be bothered - you need to be careful around
X-ray machines, but that's because of electromagnets, not radiation.
Unexposed photographic film could have a real problem with this,
depending on quite what they're using.
I'd worry more about medicines and other biologicals and foods -
obviously you're not going to ship a live-culture vaccine through this...

@_date: 2001-10-29 05:26:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: [biofuel] VW presents new synthetic fuel strategy] 
Making biodiesel from virgin oil scales well, since you can use
non-food-grade oils, but there's still a substantial ecological effect
of converting land from non-farming or food-farming to energy-farming.
Waste vegetable oil has a much different scaling ability -
until you get most fast-food french-fry leftovers used for fuel oil,
it scales up really well, but after that it hits the wall.
Ethanol has similar problems - you need to grow a lot of sugary or starchy which not only displace food crops (having similar land needs),
but at least in third-world countries tend to be grown by
slash-and-burn agriculture, which rapidly destroys land, usually rainforest.
On the other hand, for an area that doesn't have oil,
the tradeoff between wasting farmland for energy crops and
using it for export crops to buy energy from outside could go either way.
Of course, when the "area" has government boundaries defining it,
especially in the third world, there tends to be a huge amount of
social policy and/or corruption distorting the market prices.
But sometimes you can exploit other governments' corrupt social policies,
e.g. grow cocaine or opium and buy oil or food or toys with the profits.

@_date: 2001-10-27 02:08:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Democratic critters' biochemwomdterror plans 
That's a bizarre enough title all by itself.
Of course, the Gepper isn't the Democratic Party Fearless Leader,
though he is the leader of the Congresscritters of the
Democratic Party.
So are they in favor of it, or against it?
These titles keep sounding more and more like the Committee for State Security
or the Committee for Public Safety.

@_date: 2001-11-28 16:23:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: cypherpunks@lne.com down - bouncing mail since 11/27 
Mail to cypherpunks appears to be bouncing since sometime yesterday.

@_date: 2001-11-27 09:36:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Cat Herding... (was Re: in praise of gold) 
More likely the "fare" was 1.10, but whatever :-)
There's a nice changemaking application for the Palm Pilot
that lets you input the amount of money you want to pay somebody
and the size of payment you can make, e.g. $1.10 and $5.
It splits a circle into appropriately sized pie slices,
you spin the dial, and either pay or don't pay.
Of course, getting a bus company to trust your Palm Pilot
not to be running a rigged version may be tougher
than getting your mathematically inclined friends to accept it :-)

@_date: 2001-11-26 08:32:46
@_author: wcs@idiom.com 
@_subject: Fwd: Robert Morris, IBM Almaden Research * Autonomic Computing 
4:15PM, Wednesday, November 28, 2001
     NEC Auditorium, Gates Computer Science Building B03
For additional information consult Title:		Autonomic Computing
Speaker:	Robert Morris
About the talk:
The information technology boom can only explode for so long
before it collapses on itself in a jumble of wires, buttons and
knobs. IBM recently called on all researchers and industry
members to attack the growing problem of complexity in IT by
building more self-managing systems, and in creating a holistic
approach to simplification of all aspects of these systems. The
goal is to reduce maintenance, improve availability and
ease-of-use, and lower costs. The human body's self-regulating
nervous system presents an excellent model for creating the next
generation of computing, autonomic computing. Robert Morris,
Director of IBM's Almaden research Center in San Jose, will
describe the motivation for this effort and some of the projects
and results being undertaken at IBM. To succeed, this vision of
an IT infrastructure will require the participation of IT
researchers and developers throughout industry, government and
academia. To read more about autonomic computing, see
About the speaker:
Dr. Robert Morris is Director of IBM's Almaden Research Center,
IBM's second largest research lab. The Almaden lab is focussed on
a wide range of basic and applied research and was responsible
for the development of the disk drive and the relational
database. Today, research there spans from atoms to humans, i.e.,
from nanotechnology and individual atom manipulation, through
hardware and system development and a large computer science lab,
to human interface research. Robert has been the director there
for two years, previously he was at IBM Watson Research center
(responsible for advanced systems research, including personal
systems, the Deep Blue chess project, etc). Before that he was a
researcher in storage and data management at Almaden and, prior
to 1991, at Bell Labs. He is a Fellow of the IEEE and a Member of
IBM's Academy of Technology.
Contact information:
Robert Morris
IBM Almaden Research Center
650 Harry Rd, San Jose
CA 95120
408 927 2200
X-Authenticated-User: idiom
    Bill Stewart

@_date: 2001-11-19 07:52:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ralph Merkle on Radio - Art Bell, Tuesday Night/ Wed Morning 
Art Bell is having Ralph Merkle, Stanford PhD,
the co-inventor of public key cryptography as a guest,
Tuesday night/Wednesday morning.
The SF station that carries him is 560am.

@_date: 2001-11-13 09:29:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: List still alive? 
> Messages came to a screeching halt on the 10th.
While I'm not seeing a huge amount of traffic, there are flame wars :-)
Probably too many people away for the weekend at the
Subversiveness Training Seminar In The Sierras,
or at the Cypherpunks Cocaine Importing Seminar in San Francisco,
or taking a break to write code, or generally
sleeping off a rainy weekend...

@_date: 2001-11-09 20:22:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Black Unicorn's talk at Saturday's meeting 
In Part One of "Squeezing the Jello" we covered the basics of the production
of Cocaine HCl. We touched on the economic incentives to produce cocaine,
down to the level of the peasant farmer. We also introduced some of the
major players in the Medellin and Cali Cartels based in Columbia, examined
their development into the "godfathers of cocaine" and discussed the
challenges they faced in producing a market and distribution network for
cocaine in the United States. We examined the evolution of the cocaine
market and the increasing challenges to the transportation and logistic
segments of international narcotics trafficking starting primarily in the
Reagan era. We discovered the first hints of the adaptive nature of cocaine
smuggling and the narcotics trafficking empires, now risen in power and
influence both in Latin America and in the United States. Finally, we
discussed the increasing technological and military involvement in the "war
on drugs" and the changes in the cocaine trade, including the fall of the
great cartels, that followed those developments. We ended with a
description of the status quo of the cocaine trade today.
In Part Two, we will review some of the things we learned in Part One. We
will examine the cocaine trade again with an emphasis on its economic
impacts and changes over the last three decades. We will go over the major
players in the trade and their eventual fates. We will transition to the
current state of affairs in the cocaine trade and draw some conclusions
about the effectiveness of enforcement efforts given the evolved and
advanced nature of the international narcotics trade. Finally, we will
examine in detail the fates of the large players in the trade, the missteps
they may have made and how the trade has evolved. The talk will end with
some predications about the direction of the cocaine trade, the prospects
for stopping the import of cocaine into the United States and the lessons we
might learn about underground economies from the more than three decades of
experience the international narcotics smuggling trade has given us.
Methods we might use to apply these lessons to cypherpunky projects will be
outlined and some related and future projects will be introduced to the
See you there.

@_date: 2001-11-09 20:06:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks, November 10, 2001, San Francisco 
See for SF, Toronto, & Bangalore Cypherpunks announcements.
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks November 2001 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday 10 November 2001
TIME:   1-5 PM (Pacific Time)
LOCATION: San Francisco Foundation, 225 Bush St., 5th Floor
"Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
As usual, this is an Open Meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited.
However, it's in an office building, so they'd appreciate if you
have a nom de plume to sign in with.
Any problems, call Bill Stewart at +1-415-307-7119.
Black Unicorn continues with Part II of his talk on the black market,
Len Sassaman will be talking about the Mixmaster email remailer tool -
Dave Del Torto will be presenting current work for the CryptoRights Foundation,
San Francisco Foundation at 225 Bush Street (5th Floor) in SF,
very close to the Sutter Stockton Garage and BART.
It's about a block and a half north of 1st & Market St.
 From Caltrain, most of the busses go up to 3rd & Market St.
and turn either right or left.
Map URL:

@_date: 2001-11-08 09:35:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: (Yet more) Not getting it: DoE removes nuke info (not) 
Aerial Photos of Indian Point Nuke Plant
Topographic Map

@_date: 2001-11-07 18:54:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Plugging leaks 
Nah...  While Gray Davis may have some resemblence to soapy water,
Melon forgot to enable the Babelfish bureaucratese<->English translator.
The FBI spokesman actually said
"Wolf?  What wolf?  You believed that?  Hahahahahah!"

@_date: 2001-11-05 03:20:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: A Deliberate Strategy of Disruption (washingtonpost.com) 
Very strange - the article headline and subtitle are seriously
at odds with the contents of the article.
Sounds like the headline editor has much different opinions than
Bob Woodward and the primary authors.
It's about the 1147 people detained in the anti-terror dragnet.
Only 185 of them have problems with their immigration papers.
The Washington Post identified 235 of them, and tried to figure out
what strategies the Feds are using to pick their targets.
The Feds, of course, assert that for except the people being held as
material witnesses, all of the detainees violated some law or other.
Evidence suggests otherwise, and most of them have not been charged
with any crime.
Lots of detail.

@_date: 2001-11-05 03:01:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_DRUDGE_REPORT_FLASH_2001=AE_-_New_Yorker_?= story false, says 
Drudge flashes about lots of things.  It's nice to get a bit of context
besides just the URL, Jim...
This is the Pentagon claiming that the story about Delta Force getting shot up
during a raid on Afghanistan is incorrect.
Seymour Hersh is a journalist who's annoyed the Pentagon for decades,
printing stories they don't want printed.
This one they're denying before it even hits paper...
Also, I don't see any evidence that he "strongly debunked" the story;
he flamed it aggressively, but to strongly debunk something
you need facts, not just assertions.  You also need to have read the
story you're debunking, which the spokescritter indicates he hasn't.
The phrase " My guess is and my belief is that" also makes it clear that
he doesn't know the facts of what happened, though he does indicate
that US forces had a helicopter accident and some parachute accidents,
and comes close to implying some problems with friendly fire,
because he'd rather admit that than admit that The Enemy shot US soldiers.
PENTAGON: NEW YORKER STORY FALSE, NO SERIOUS INJURIES DURING DELTA RAID
Sun Nov 04 2001 15:13:35 ET
Joint Chiefs of Staff General Richard Myers strongly debunked a story
filed by the NEW YORKER's Seymour Hersh [set for publication on Monday]
which claims U.S. Delta members were seriously injured during a raid on
Mullah Omar's complex in Afghanistan.

@_date: 2001-11-04 08:24:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Metricom assets sold for $8.25 million 
By the time this article got forwarded to me,
the URL for the original article was gone, but the title's
pretty indicative :-)   has a "goodbye" page,
with pointers to the bankruptcy auction for interested bidders.
A google search reveals that back in September,
Metricom turned down Aerie's offer for $20M  (oops),
and also that Aerie had been planning to spend $3.5B
to build a 20000 mile fiber backbone for the ISP they wanted to be.
 >From: steve ("Steve Stroh")
 >To: "Dewayne Hendricks"  >Subject: Metricom assets sold for $8.25 million
 >Date: Fri, 2 Nov 2001 14:36:19 -0800
 >MIME-Version: 1.0
 >
 >
 >Dewayne:
 >
 >What's not mentioned in this article:
 >* What Aerie bought was mostly intellectual property - the software and
 >designs for the radios, patents, etc.
 >* Unclear is if Aerie bought the existing inventory. Apparently there are
 >lots of radios already manufactured, but not deployed, sitting in storage.
 >* Metricom's WCS spectrum is not included in the sale to Aerie (apparently
 >the asset managers feel that it will fetch considerably as much as $50M -
 >sometime). Unlikely given AT&T Wireless Services' decision to junk their
 >Fixed Wireless System which will free up more WCS spectrum.
 >* None of the physical assets of the network are included in this sale,
 >including poletop radios, wired access points, network operation center,
 >etc. All of that was "abandoned in place" to free Metricom of the liability
 >of back rent, lease payments, and other liabilities.
 >* Rights Of Way were similarly abandoned...
 >
 >It'll be interesting to watch!
For archives see:

@_date: 2001-11-03 05:40:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Wed 7 Nov Stanford - Provos talks on Detecting Steganogaphic 
Niels Provos will be talking at Stanford on Wednesday,
just a few hours before the EFF BOF at the Linux shindig in Oakland.
Does anybody have a picture of a Peter Honeyman related shirt to
auction off on E-Bay with appropriate embedded content?  :-)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Fnord-content: low, with scattered Elvis later in the evening
          4:15PM, Wednesday, November 07, 2001
     NEC Auditorium, Gates Computer Science Building B03
Topic:		Detecting Steganographic Content on the Internet
Speaker:	Niels Provos
About the talk:
Steganography is used to hide the occurrence of communication.
Recent suggestions in US newspapers indicate that terrorists use
steganography to communicate in secret with their accomplices. In
particular, images on the Internet were mentioned as the
communication medium. While the newspaper articles sounded very
dire, none substantiated these rumors.
To determine whether there is steganographic content on the
Internet, this talk presents a detection framework that includes
tools to retrieve images from the world wide web and
automatically detect whether they might contain steganographic
content. To ascertain that hidden messages exist in images, the
detection framework includes a distributed computing framework
for launching dictionary attacks hosted on a cluster of loosely
coupled workstations. We have analyzed two million images
downloaded from eBay auctions but have not been able to find a
single hidden message.
[see the abstract at  for
a list of resouces and related news articles. -dra]
About the speaker:
Niels Provos is a Ph.D. candidate at the Center for Information
Technology Integration of the University of Michigan. His
research interests are focused around computer security.
Contact information:
Niels Provos
CITI, University of Michigan
535 W. William Street, 3rd floor
Ann Arbor, MI
GPS: 42.2775 N, 83.754167 W.
734 764 5207
Thanks to the Computer Forum for support.  The Computer Forum
is the industrial affiliate program for the Computer Science
Department and the Computer Systems Laboratory. Contact Suzanne
Bentley, bentley if your company is interested
in participation.

@_date: 2001-11-03 05:29:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Using Thermite to Drop Suspension Bridges...and U.S. plans 
Which Gubmint? CA Gov. Gray Davis appears to have taken the FBI's warning
seriously enough to go out on a limb and announce that they'd
gotten a bit more specific than "Be Afraid, Be Very Afraid,
Terrorists are Hiding under the Bed and we WON'T TELL YOU WHICH BED
they're hiding under because that would give away our sources and methods!
But This Time it's Rilly Cred-a-Bull!"  And I think they were only
saying that because Jay Leno was giving them a hard time about
doing a second no-specifics-attached iteration of "Wolf! Wolf!"
and they were worried the sheeple might not fall for it.
Of course, that's entirely separate from the problem of whether
there *are* wolves, and whether they're more likely to
opportunistically take advantage of the current wave of terrorism
to do their own, or whether they're more likely to lie low because
there are too many cops running around who might catch them,
plus too many other people who might get credit for their work,
or whether some of the wolves work for or at least with the Feds.
I'd be surprised if you couldn't do the job with an
OKC-sized truck bomb - stop it at an appropriate point on the bridge,
have the engine compartment smokebomb go off to create plausible deniability,
hop into the car your co-conspirators are driving just in front of you,
and drive away.  If your smokebomb is good enough, and you do it during
low traffic, you might get off the bridge without getting caught.
The question is how much you trust your backup co-conspirator
who's sitting at the vista point with the radio transmitter....
If they're not keeping all trucks off of the bridges, they can't stop it.
The Feds have apparently decided that they should drop their policy of
helping the Peruvian Air Force shoot down suspected drug dealing planes,
like that US missionary and her baby they took out this spring
(shot them down and machine-gunned them as they swam out of the plane.)
Not because extra-judicial executions are wrong, of course,
or because shooting down civilian airplanes is terrorism,
but because their accuracy has been low enough to cause embarassment.

@_date: 2001-11-01 08:55:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Osama bin Laden as SF fan 
All your Berts are belong to us?
PROMIS from Inslaw?

@_date: 2001-11-05 04:12:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: American Schools Need Flattening Too 
It's pretty clear that the school district is violating her
civil rights to freedom of expression and freedom of association,
and that the either judge and school board lawyer doesn't understand
either anarchy or anarchism or the Constitution, or that if they
do understand them they don't like them, though it's not clear
whether the kid understands anarchy or just likes black t-shirts and
dislikes war and has a problem with school district arbitrary censorship.
On the other hand, the idea that anarchists need an
officially-supported club at a government-run school is a bit silly -
she and her friends could just as well get together at the local
coffee shop, or the mall, or hang out by the Coke machine.
It's definitely nice to see parents sticking up for their kid.

@_date: 2001-11-05 01:59:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
It's one thing for a minimum wage ArentSoBright security guard
to be concerned about the people carrying scary computer parts.
(Hi, Dave!)  That's a problem, but it's a one-off.
This is something different - the Guardsman is sworn to uphold the
Constitution, yet he's violating someone's rights in what
appears to be a pre-planned retailiation for her political beliefs.
That's a one-strike firing offense, like a cop getting caught stealing.
The appropriate action is for the Guard's probably non-existent
equivalent of Police Department Internal Affairs to find out
who else was involved in this offense, and what level of pre-planning
really happened - was it truly a random thing?  If it was political,
that's also sufficiently illegal that the Uniform Code of Military
Justice requires soldiers to disobey, and failing to do so is another
one-strike-you're-out kind of thing.
Does the Guardsman only deserve firing, after an appropriate
court-martial, or does he also deserve civilian punishment?
The separate issue is the airline - the airline employee clearly
deserves a reprimand, and whoever told all the other airlines that
they don't want this Green Party person flying does as well.
They sold her a ticket, and violated their contract to carry her,
and the issue of whether it really was safety-related or whether
a really egregious breach of contract is a question for a court.

@_date: 2001-11-05 02:05:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Soldiers in airports screening-out political dissidents 
As a recent article on Posse Comitatus pointed out, P.C. is just a law,
not a Constitutional requirement, so it can be changed any time the
politicians feel like it, and since the War On Drugs militarization,
it's basically become a requirement that if the Law Enforcers want
military assistance, they have to fill out the right forms in triplicate,
but it's just a procedural separation, not a church-and-state kind of thing.
The correct punctuation is "What, were those congresscritters Gotta get those commas in the right place...

@_date: 2001-11-07 09:41:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Mail filters in qmail? 
Declan suggests Procmail, if you want a powerful, flexible tool.
Alternatively, many mail reader programs include filtering capabilities.
mail readers also do.  So you're covered with Procmail on Unix,
and client programs on Windows and Macs.

@_date: 2001-11-10 08:55:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
They require the forger to have access to the format used
by the fingerprint storage system, not that that's _too_ hard.
They also require that a minimum-wage security guard
be able to do fingerprint matching, which says that the
system needs to be automated and somewhat error-tolerant.
Besides, run this sort of scam on the public for very long,
and you *will* have a database of fingerprints -
not hard to put on line.
The main thing it accomplishes is that it somewhat reduces theft
of ID cards, and forces people who lose their Internal Passport
to keep getting new ones with their own fingerprints
or use better fake documentation when they reapply.

@_date: 2001-11-13 09:22:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Sedition 
So the Boy Scout rifle range I went to as a kid would get busted
if they were doing the same in California today?
What a relief!  :-)

@_date: 2001-11-17 09:06:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Isn't a plowshare a bit more appropriate thing to beat it into?  :-)

@_date: 2001-11-20 06:31:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Nuclear Pipe Bombs 
The ban implicitly covers americium-based smoke detectors,
but fortunately when I lived in the East Bay I was a few blocks
out of Hayward city limits so I could use them,
as long as I drove the long way around when I bought more :-)

@_date: 2001-11-28 10:25:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Drivers License as ID Card 
Congressional approval for this sort of thing is about like the
proverbial ham sandwich that prosecutors can get grand juries to indict.
It wouldn't be a problem in itself, but Congress can delegate
much of it to the bureaucratic\\\\\\\\\\\executive branch.
Furthermore, while states probably couldn't make the kind of
agreement that would give one state Constititional standing
to sue the other for non-performance of the agreement
without a bit of help from Congress, they can certainly have their
bureaucrats go discuss common standards without getting busted for
anti-trust violations.

@_date: 2001-12-23 09:29:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
Espresso is important, basic machines are cheap, and the real decision
is whether walking down to Starbucks to avoid making it yourself
is more an interruption to your concentration or an opportunity
to spend time in the real world and to check out the Mondex smartcard machine
that Starbucks gave up on using :-)
But the easy part of doing digital cash is the software,
and it doesn't take years of Stallman-level or Chaum-level or
Ian-or-Ben-or-Lucky-level wizardry to produce it, though it's
really helpful to have their insights into what didn't work
and what pieces were useful for consumer-quality realizability.
Lots of people can turn the algorithms into reliable code;
lots of people can build user interfaces, though you if you want
it to run on the latest Microsoft GUI API environments and
all Mac environments from 6.5 through 10.1.2Coca you'll need a few
extra helpers to add the ugly details.  (*I* could even do the programming,
though you'd get a basic web forms interface and a text interface
that looks suspiciously like "throw stone knife at dwarf", "404 Knife Not with none of that modern Javascruft or "ncurses" aesthetics in it :-)
The hard part is getting people to take the stuff.
30 years of Kernighan, Ritchie, and Thompson, 20 years of Stallman and 15 years of X and Gosling, and 10 years of PGP & Linux has gotten us partway to
World Domination in technical areas, often by getting the good parts stolen by the bigger commercial interests, but money's harder to change;
Black & Scholes and Fair & Isaac and Milken and Visa/MC/AX and Schwab and
later E-Trade and just possibly PayPal have changed things,
but Mondex didn't happen, and Micropayments didn't happen,
and in spite of all of Hettinga's enthusiam and Chaum's business acumen,
anonymous digital bearer cash hasn't successfully rocked the world.
It not only takes technical skills to ship working stuff,
it takes business skills to find a market where it works and
promote it enough that enough people are using it that
some level of anonymity can actually happen.
Lucky and the Mark Twain Bank had the technology, and had the
service working in the abstract, aside from the minor problem that
there was nothing to buy except pictures of Cypherella
before they stopped allowing that, though perhaps if they'd
been a bit later to market and jumped into E-Bay when PayPal did
they could have pulled it off (or perhaps not - that's a market
where reputations have a really high value, and you'd have to
structure an escrow market around your digicash that would
undo most of the anonymity even if the digicash provided it.)
Doug and the Austin Cypherpunks Credit Union folks had the technical skills,
and the interesting hook that in the US, Credit Unions have
much less regulation than Real Banks, but figuring out how to make money
from such an activity was tough, and unlike MTB, they decided not
to launch a business they didn't know how to make money with :-)
Getting the real thing working requires real marketing skills
and being in the right place at the right time; occasionally
you can hit it off, like the kid who wrote WinAmp and was pressured
by his parents into making it Shareware and not just freeware,
or the Hotmail folks causing the free-web-based-email wave
(and catalyzing many of the appallingly stupid Dot-Com Business Plans.)
Perhaps one advantage of the dot-com crash is that people starting
businesses today are much more likely to do the solid business planning
and the initial technical decisions before they get enough
funding to leave the garage and hire the 200 programmers that
it takes to prevent any real work from being done while you're
having meetings to coordinate development of the hot-tub-scheduling website.
But if you're not going to use the marketdroids, you have to find
some really solid alternative to get the stuff widely used.
Maybe it's as simple as finding the next Ochoa brothers and
showing them how selling bearer cash cards can help their business,
now that the tough part is moving the green paper and not the white powder,
but the nearest recent equivalent was The Napster Brothers,
and they didn't successfully capitalize their need for a payment system.
Mojo Nation may have been a bit closer, as a small dedicated group
of enthusiasts working on a payment system combined with a transport mechanism
for the goodz, but they didn't pull it off either.

@_date: 2001-12-18 07:17:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Ban, 
Hey, Protestantism gave us the "priesthood of all believers",
and if that's too much work, the ULC will ordain you for $20.
The Internet lets everybody be a journalist, or at least a political Won't be a problem getting either of those jobs :-)
(However, as many people have discovered with acting or Internet startup,
getting a job in the field is easy, but getting a *paying* job is tougher...)

@_date: 2001-12-13 07:35:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FC: More on Symantec, McAfee, loopholes, and 
I think the real answer lies at the intersection of
Annalee Newitz (another actually tech journalist besides Declan!:-)'s
answer and Adrian's.  Anti-virus software has two main techniques -
         - look for recognized bad stuff, and
         - look for suspicious changes to good stuff.
plus an anti-technique
         - look for recognized non-bad stuff if one of the previous
         techniques detects bad or suspicious activity.
If the targets of Magic Lantern don't suspect any virus-like problems
and report them to an anti-virus maker who can analyze its behaviour
and include it in the list of known bad stuff, Nothing Happens.
If the Magic Lantern authors are careful to cover up any changes
they make to important files so they don't look suspicious,
         "These aren't the viruses you're looking for.  Move along."
then they also duck the second detection technique.
The two obvious ways that the anti-virus companies could cooperate
with Evildoers, Federal or otherwise, are to actively not comply
with requests to include Evildoer things in their Bad Stuff lists
or to explicitly put recognizers for Evildoer stuff in the OK list.
But if the Feds and the Targets don't tell them what to look for,
then implicitly they usually would not be detected.
                         Bill Stewart

@_date: 2001-12-13 07:19:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Slashdot | Google Expands Usenet Archive to 20 Years 
I was surprised that among their lists for first this and that
they didn't list the first use of a .com, .net, or .edu address on Usenet.
There were lots of  addresses even in the first few months
(viz. the TCP-IP-Digest article), but they were pre-DNS person formats,
where the machine names were relative to the sender's hosts [.txt] file
and were therefore not in theory globally unique names, though in practice
they usually were.

@_date: 2001-12-06 09:53:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: SF Cypherpunks, Saturday, 12/8, U.C.SANTA CRUZ, 
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting, 8 December 01, U.C.Santa Cruz, College VIII Room 240, 12:30-5:30
We're meeting Way Down South in the land of Boletus edulus mushrooms
and Monarch Butterflies*, which are both in season, and Banana Slugs.
It's an open public meeting on US soil, everyone's invited,
and it's another month where the Second Saturday showed up early,
so it's this Saturday.
* Eric Blossom will be giving a talk and demo on Software Defined Radios. *
An anonymous cypherpunk may allegedly be discussing development status
of unnamed anonymity products or more reasons for anonymity.
Several less anonymous cypherpunks will be discussing
tools to build, or rebuild, or build differently -
what lessons have we learned from PGP for the next product?
What's a practical toolset for a human rights organization?
Now that the list has been Officially Declared Dead (stego-mpegs at 11:00),
harassed by flooded machine rooms and mailing list glitches,
we've been taunted by some science-fiction authors,
finally probably been published by others, and been dissed by several
Intellectual Property judges, and informed that civil liberties
and due process are pre-millenial relics, we've got some slack
to re-evaluate the cypherpunks movement.  What technologies
should we be looking at?  What needs building next?
What succeeded?  What failed?  What synergies do we need to exploit?
We'll also be discussing schedules for February's meeting,
since The RSA Tradeshow will be the 18th-22nd in San Jose.
If you're an out-of-towner expecting to be here for the show,
please send some mail if you know if you'll be around the
weekend before (Presidents Day) or after the show.
======= Directions and Transportation ======
Kristen Tsolis has reserved a room for Saturday, 12/8 from 12:30~5:30.
UCSC College VIII Room 240.
While UCSC is a mere 30 minutes from Silicon Valley,
it's tough to get to from SF without a car,
so Bill Stewart will be meeting several Usual Suspects at
Mountain View Caltrain at 12:13pm (train leaves SF at 11:00.)
Look for the burgundy-colored Chevy van, or for Bill :-)
The Caltrain schedule (  )
Drop email to bill.stewart if you want to be waited for.
UCSC can be a maze to the uninitiated, so you will want to print this map.
The meeting space at UCSC is clearly marked:
here are some more maps:
To get to UCSC, take US 280 or CA 101 to US 880 or CA 17 south. Take CA 17
south to Santa Cruz, then CA 1 north to Bay St. Turn right on Bay which will
take you to the base of campus. One can also come south from San Francisco
on CA 1 to Bay.
At the base of campus, take a left onto Empire Grade, which will take you to
the West Entrance. Take that right onto Heller, and then take a right on
Koshland into the College Eight Lower Parking Lot. There's no need to pay
for parking on weekends, and as long as you don't park in a 24 hour space,
you won't get a ticket. If you need assistance with handicapped parking,
please email kristen
Walk up the stairways between the College Eight dorms until you reach the
top flight of stairs. When you are facing the top parking lot, turn right
towards Room 240.
The cafe there will be closed for Christmas Break, so bring your coffee and
victuals with you.
*Natural Bridges State Park: Bill Stewart's Cellphone is +1-415-307-7119, if you're lost and he's not.

@_date: 2001-12-04 08:30:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Viridian Note 00283: Geeks and Spooks 
I'll echo Ken Brown's "Yee-hah!" rating for this article.
When Bruce goes on a rant, he goes on a rant, and this rant is worth reading
just for the literary value of a good rant, even if we get bashed
at least as much as Microsoft and the Spooks and the
Nixon/Reagan/Bush/Bush Administration do.
Bruce's suggestion for a recording device is somewhat different in style
from David Brin's various RodneyKing shouldercams and other ubiquitous cameras,
and a bit different from his fictionalizations in "Distraction",
but, hey, it's doable, and this is a ranting essay, not a calm book like
"The Transparent Society".

@_date: 2001-12-03 18:49:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Cryptoheaven 
It probably means "generates too many complaints to the operators" :-)

@_date: 2001-12-03 09:27:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: 256 Bit Encryption for Secure Email and Secure Online File 
OpenPGP, ClosedPGP, GPG, PGP2.x, and X.509 all have blazingly ugly data especially for keys.  The main advantages of recycling one of the
N variations on PGP formats or one of the K variations on X.509
are that you can reuse code, and in some cases you can gain compatibility
with existing user bases.  On the other hand, you can gain compatibility
with existing user bases by letting PGP users sign messages saying
"My Cryptoheaven Public Key For Messages is  and for Signatures is and similarly letting X.509 users do the same if they want.
It's not automated, but it can work ok.
Also, of course, you'd need to register the Rijndael and SHA-256
entities onto the **PG** formatspaces, but they're generally designed for it.
The cleanest key format I've seen is in CryptoKong - it has the
advantage that Elliptic Curve cryptosystems let you use short keys,
at least if you believe that the math works adequately,
and it's not trying to use any "KeyID" as an abbreviation for the key,
so it's just a simple direct encoding of the key,
without PGP's annoyances of KeyID lookup and risks of KeyID forgery.
Of course, it's also not mapping KeyIDs to users, only to messages,
so if you want to maintain relationships between them,
you've got to do it yourself, and if you want to have
senders of some messages vet senders of other messages,
you need to track the messages yourself.  James Donald's implementation
uses an Evil Microsoft Access database to save messages,
but you could do a different implementation if you wanted to.
Was the real motivation for using their own format simplicity?
Or not-invented-here-ness?  Or not-thinking-ness?
Or unwillingness to wade through the huge amount of existing ugly code
just for compatibility with existing ugly formats?
Does it matter much?  They're in the Software / Internet Services business,
so either they'll find a niche where they get lots of users
(in which case it's worth reviewing their code for real security),
or they'll fail to do so and Darwin Will Get Them,
like so many other projects out there, or they'll end up with a
small but fanatic group of users who keep them going,
or somebody will discover a Serious Bug which will blow away their security
(though they do have at least semi-open source available for review.)

@_date: 2001-12-03 09:56:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re:  More damage to liberty than I expected. 
That traceroute looks suspiciously like it's going to
Philadelphia.  (Second prize, TWO nameservers in Philadelphia...)
The www site's there also, safely and reliably on dry land.
However, if you do a traceroute to Ryan's remailer.havenco.com,
you'll see a path that goes quickly to London, to "unknown.level3.net",
then quickly to "havenco-gw", then with much more delay to
213.169.220.162, then with similar delay to remailer.havenco.com.
Havenco's talked for a while about metastasizing,
putting servers in a bunch of places for reliable fast performance
for non-critical data and mainly keeping the critical database parts
and more paranoid material over in Sealand.
Certainly they'd want to have basic advertising material
and some of their DNS mirrors on dry land.
Also, it's interesting that the whois record for havenco.com
is registered from Cyprus.

@_date: 2001-12-28 22:21:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: CFP: PKI research workshop 
SST is the SuperSonic Transport; I think the term was specific
to US attempts to build something like the Concorde, but it may have
been more generic.  Among other problems (making it work, sonic booms,
economics in general), use of fast airplanes in non-military airspace
was limited by the capabilities of the air-traffic control systems,
which couldn't really handle airplanes that fast.
It's much easier to build supersonic airplanes for the military,
where you're not concerned about price per passenger-mile.
Except for airports and amusement parks, the only place I've seen
a monorail is in Seattle.  (I'm counting Las Vegas as an amusement park :-)
Airports similarly don't follow normal economic rules,
because they can often scam money out of government authorities,
who will often do stuff because it Looks Cool.
There may be economic niches where monorails make sense
(streets that are too narrow to add pillars for conventional
elevated railways, perhaps), but they're pretty limited.
Until recently I was the Regional ATM Specialist for
one of the offshoots of The Phone Company that did the
PicturePhones at the World's Fair back in the 60s :-)
Web cams are widely available, but they're still not how
most people make their phone calls, and it did take
30-40 years before they finally became economical.
ATM also has a fairly wide economic niche, though routers
have caught up with the big end of the performance curve,
and it always was too complex to win at the desktop end.
PKIs are quite simple and low cost to implement -
the problems are finding a way to make them widely useful.
Unfortunately, that hasn't matched most PKI companies'
business plans that promised World Domination to their VCs :-)
And even among the people who adopt crypto because it Looks Cool,
the last time I looked through the Web Of Trust on the PGP keyservers,
most keys were either unsigned or only signed by a couple of people,
not enough to build a big connected graph.
                         Bill

@_date: 2001-12-03 10:23:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Bookstores and von Mises - was: fuel injected firearm 
von Mises has been dead for a while and his publisher is
probably not actively running wholesale specials.
Besides, he's like one of those Tedious Dead White Male Classics authors;
nobody actually reads him, they just read commentaries
or literary criticisms on him, or the Cliff Notes or comic-book
"von Mises For Beginners" versions (don't know if they've done him,
but the Heidegger one makes it palatable to at least approach Heidegger* :-)
or more likely, economics/politics textbooks by people who have occasional
references to von Mises but haven't actually read his work,
just the commentaries/litcrit/cliffnotes/comics about him.
An interesting "why don't bookstores carry ____" event happened a
couple of years ago.  Some lefties ranting for independent bookstores
and against big chain bookstores here in San Francisco commented that
"if you look in the big box monoculture bookstores, you won't find Chomsky"
(I think this was a Tom Tomorrow cartoon - bookstore droid replies
"Politics?  We've got lots of Rush Limbaugh over in Aisle 7")
A couple weeks later I looked at Borders, and sure enough they had
several Chomsky titles in their index and at least one on the shelf.
Don't know if they'd always been there, or if it was a rapid response
by a very clueful big chain trying to head off bad publicity
and zoning hassles.
                                         Bill
(*One-line summary of Heidegger:
You're going to die and be really truly dead.  Get used to it and quit

@_date: 2001-12-03 18:48:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: MD5 (was Re: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: 
Especially on Microsoft OSs, it's too easy to create logging
that doesn't look like a regular file for which you can watch
size or checksum changes.  Hidden files are trivial to use,
though many utilities ignore their hiddenness,
but with more work any good virus-writer can do a better
job of hiding a file.  Or you can find things that are
always changing for obscure Microsoftish reasons,
or look like devices that can't be checksummed.
Or you can store the data in the "unused" space at the end
of the last block in a file - especially as disks get larger,
disk blocks also get larger, so there's more space at the ends,
and any utilities that are checksumming files won't notice,
because it's not in the file.  Or you can store the data
in "unused" disk blocks, if you can keep the file system from
reaping them, though diskwipe utilities will occasionally catch these.
The unused block space _might_ sometimes be hidden or overwritten
by encrypted file systems, if you're using them; YMMV.
Hans Dobbertin's work a couple of years ago makes MD5 sounds pretty shaky,
but you could also use SHA-1 for your checksums,
or your favorite non-crypto fast checksum.
But that's more work than the Fedz will bother with;
much easier to hide stuff on Windows than to hack checksums.

@_date: 2001-12-03 17:46:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: IT revealed: Dean Kamen shows off mystery transportion 
At 09:53 AM 12/03/2001 -0500, Declan McCullagh forwarded articles on
the Ginger Hype Generation Machine finally being revealed.
Boy, what bad timing Kamen has.  Not only is it too late for
Christmas sales (if in fact the things are shipping anytime soon,
as opposed to this being a demo for next Christmas shipping),
but overall it's a year or two too late to catch the Razor Scooter fad
and the San Francisco geek toys market, where there are
some people still commuting on $500 electric scooters
(Doug Barnes used to haul one on Caltrain, for instance),
but an N-thousand-dollar device that's only usable for short hauls
within cities, it'll be a real tough sell.
The real question is whether, next year when he's trying to sell quantity,
anybody will list to the next round of hype.  On the other hand,
this announcement is at least timed to keep people from
totally forgetting him as more dot-com vaporware,
so maybe it's not that bad timing after all.

@_date: 2001-12-06 10:04:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FreeSWAN Release 1.93 ships! 
From Claudia Schmeing 's summary:
1.  Release 1.93 ships!
     ===================
     1 post Dec 3
     A number of small improvements have been added to this release, which was
shipped on-time.
Some highlights:
* Diffie-Hellman group 5 is now the first group proposed.
* Two cases where fragmentation is needed will be handled better, thanks
   to these two changes
        The code that decides whether to send an ICMP complaint back about
        a packet which had to be fragmented, but couldn't be, has gotten
        smart enough that we now feel comfortable enabling it by default.
   and
        IKE (UDP/500) packets which were large enough to be fragmented used
        to be mishandled, with some of the fragments failing to bypass IPsec
        tunnels properly.  This has been fixed; our thanks to Hans Schultz.
* If Pluto gets more than one RSA key from DNS, it will now try each key.
   This will help when a system administrator replaces a key.
* There is preliminary support for building RPMs.
* SMP support is better.
* The team has eliminated a vulnerability that might permit a denial of    attack.
     We are in the process of chasing down a couple of significant bugs (which
     have been there since at least 1.92 and possibly earlier), and we *might*
     ship another release quite shortly if we nail them down and fix them.  If
     we don't, we won't.  Barring that possibility, the next release is planned
     for the end of January; a more precise date will be announced shortly.

@_date: 2001-12-06 10:04:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FreeSWAN Release 1.93 ships! 
From Claudia Schmeing 's summary:
1.  Release 1.93 ships!
     ===================
     1 post Dec 3
     A number of small improvements have been added to this release, which was
shipped on-time.
Some highlights:
* Diffie-Hellman group 5 is now the first group proposed.
* Two cases where fragmentation is needed will be handled better, thanks
   to these two changes
        The code that decides whether to send an ICMP complaint back about
        a packet which had to be fragmented, but couldn't be, has gotten
        smart enough that we now feel comfortable enabling it by default.
   and
        IKE (UDP/500) packets which were large enough to be fragmented used
        to be mishandled, with some of the fragments failing to bypass IPsec
        tunnels properly.  This has been fixed; our thanks to Hans Schultz.
* If Pluto gets more than one RSA key from DNS, it will now try each key.
   This will help when a system administrator replaces a key.
* There is preliminary support for building RPMs.
* SMP support is better.
* The team has eliminated a vulnerability that might permit a denial of    attack.
     We are in the process of chasing down a couple of significant bugs (which
     have been there since at least 1.92 and possibly earlier), and we *might*
     ship another release quite shortly if we nail them down and fix them.  If
     we don't, we won't.  Barring that possibility, the next release is planned
     for the end of January; a more precise date will be announced shortly.

@_date: 2001-12-07 08:42:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: A note to virus authors 
I was surprised how effective such an amateur job was;
my corporate email system was pounded into the ground for
a couple of days.  Unless I'm misunderstanding the descriptions of this thing,
it didn't fire up automagically just from opening the message
or using the MSOutlook Preview Pane function -
it had to convince a sucker to actually run the file,
either by clicking on it or by saving it and running it.
Perhaps the descriptions have been incorrect?
Of course, one of the problems of Outlook-style mail systems
is that they often have mailing lists that hit the whole company,
or at least sets of tens of thousands of people, and this does seem
to do a good job of trolling for those lists, and continually pounding
once it starts, so it only takes a small number of suckers for it to explode.
I received a few thousand copies that I was aware of;
after I put a mail filter on my machine, there were probably
a few thousand more.
Of course, the quickly installed filters that our mail admins used
trashed all messages with "hi" in the Subject line,
even if it was in the middle of words like "behind" or "chief" :-)

@_date: 2001-12-11 07:57:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Customer Acts Odd? U.S. Wants to Know 
or
Suspicious?  Those are simply *routine* in the telecom and computer=20
businesses :-)
You'd think that they'd find it suspicious of customers *did* read all the=
closely, in great detail.  It's less common now after the dot-com crash
than during the heat of tulip-bulb mania, but if customers really=20
understood technology
there'd be less need for data sales people to bring along systems engineers
to wave their hands and tell them what to think, or for companies to hire
lots of customer support people to explain how to reset the coffee-cup=20
holders on PCs,
or for trade rags and internet sites to keep hyping new trends.
Meanwhile, the technologies and economics are constantly changing in the=20
so even if a customer or vendor understood what they were doing three=20
months ago,
that doesn't mean they still understand it today.
Now, I don't sell missiles or grenade launchers, but computer encryption=20
are part of my stock in trade - they're letting customers move from=
 dedicated
private lines and semi-shared frame relay and ATM networks to shared=20
Internet connections
and still get the privacy and security they got from the more expensive=20
and tools for cracking computer security devices are also routine=20
commercial product,
just like pressure gauges for checking car tires or chemical emissions=20
detectors for
car exhaust.

@_date: 2001-12-11 07:57:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Customer Acts Odd? U.S. Wants to Know 
Suspicious?  Those are simply *routine* in the telecom and computer businesses :-)
You'd think that they'd find it suspicious of customers *did* read all the closely, in great detail.  It's less common now after the dot-com crash
than during the heat of tulip-bulb mania, but if customers really understood technology
there'd be less need for data sales people to bring along systems engineers
to wave their hands and tell them what to think, or for companies to hire
lots of customer support people to explain how to reset the coffee-cup holders on PCs,
or for trade rags and internet sites to keep hyping new trends.
Meanwhile, the technologies and economics are constantly changing in the so even if a customer or vendor understood what they were doing three months ago,
that doesn't mean they still understand it today.
Now, I don't sell missiles or grenade launchers, but computer encryption are part of my stock in trade - they're letting customers move from dedicated
private lines and semi-shared frame relay and ATM networks to shared Internet connections
and still get the privacy and security they got from the more expensive and tools for cracking computer security devices are also routine commercial product,
just like pressure gauges for checking car tires or chemical emissions detectors for
car exhaust.

@_date: 2001-12-29 11:27:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com on Remailers 
Yes, the user must nest those himself.  If he doesn't like doing it by hand,
there are client programs that can do this automagically.
The only way to get security is for the originator to do the encryption -
otherwise, if ANY remailer in the chain is compromised,
the Bad Guys can read the message.  If the originator does the crypto,
then EVERY remailer in the chain has to be compromised to break it.
The remailer-stats pingers publish this information on web pages;
you can retrieve it and read it by hand, or use a client program to fetch it.
If you don't want to keep it, don't.
And some of the clients are web pages themselves (Javascript or whatever),
so you can just retrieve them.
And obviously the sender needs to be able to pick the remailers to use -
depending on the type of message, some messages need to be sent through
remailers in appropriately safe jurisdictions, other messages don't
need much security but need high reliability or high speed
(so you want to pick remailers with good stats.)

@_date: 2001-12-29 11:19:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: CNN.com on Remailers 
[Various discussion about spammers using crypto to use remailers.
There's not much, but it's there.  Encrypted-Outgoing-Only
reduces the problem a lot, since there aren't many people who'll
positively respond to encrypted spam :-) ]
At 08:15 PM 12/19/2001 +0100, Anonymous replied to Peter Trei:
Obviously there are some destinations that need to be exceptions.
Usenet's easy - keep track of known mail2news gateways,
and any time you send mail to Usenet, you need to put lots of disclaimers
about it's remailed, it's probably forged, there's no way to reply, etc.
Mailing lists are tougher, because you obviously can't keep a list of them.
Another way to deal with unencrypted outgoing message is to send mail
saying "we've received an anonymous message for you.  You can pick it up
at  within 7 days."
or some such.

@_date: 2001-12-18 04:36:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Ban 
> I don't recall the rationale used by the USPO to forbid
 > CJ from posting to cypherpunks.  Anybody know the answer to that?
For CJ to be on Cpunks is Hangin' out with his old Bad Company from the 'hood,
like that Jim Bell dude and the other guys on the Group W bench,
talking about criiiime and father-rapin' and poetic-terrorizin' and creatin' a disturbance.
The fact that they can't tell a web site from a mailing list
when they're writing orders forbidding him to do it
suggests it's not a deeply-thought-out policy here.
But that was just the point, in the Jim Bell case -
the Fedz came in with their 24 8x10 color glossies with circles and arrows on the back,
but unfortunately the judge and jury didn't have seeing-eye dogs,
so they actually looked at the things and listened to the Fedz,
and they *didn't* understand the technology enough to know that
Assassination-Politics-Quality Anonymity *isn't* available or usable,
and in particular, AP-Quality payer-and-payee-anonymous digital cash isn't and that if those fundamental building blocks aren't there,
then any discussion of "how could it be used?" or "like, that'd be cool, huh huh!",
at least by people who *do* understand the technology and state of its is strictly speculative philosophical bullshitting, not active conspiracy.
Now, it's possible that the Fedz in question really understood this at the but Jim Bell's such a mainstream sympathy-inspiring figure,
especially with his alleged history of stink-bombing IRS offices and
his alleged paperwork-based harassment of bureaucrats and politicians allegedly
with the so-called "common-law court" folks, some of whom allegedly *are* dangerous loons,
that in the absence of extemely competent counsel, skilled at
not only explaining really obscure technical material to hostile non-techies
but also at dealing with seriously uncooperative clients,
a conviction was a slam-dunk, so not only does it give them
Federal Brownie Points for busting a "dangerous terrorist assassin"
and preventing him from doing anything else real,
but it serves as a deterrent for future JimBell-Wanabees who *don't*
understand that the technology isn't there, and besides, he was in their face,
and kept getting in their face after they'd successfully framed him.
Is it likely that Jeff Gordon understood what was real about the tech
and was doing this out of pure malice, as opposed to not understanding it
and actually believing that Bell was a real threat?  I doubt he cared enough
about justice that, if he did come to understand that AP wasn't real,
that he'd either apologize for his mistake or let it get in the way of an easy win.
And CJ just kept jumping in the way yelling "Nyahh Nyahh" and looking wacko,
and even back before 9/11, furriners didn't have civil rights,
and he didn't get the "Oh, he's just Canadian" exception to that,
because he was scaring the Canadians too.
I've almost always found the weather in Seattle to be gorgeous,
except one or two times that it was also pouring rain here in San Narcisco;
maybe I'm just lucky.  And Seattlers *smoke* a lot also,
and it's always that nasty tobacco stuff, unlike down here :-)
But the bigger problems are that they're Fedz,
and that they fundamentally don't have much useful work to do,
and that there's real hostility to them up there which they respond to
in macho-tribal fashion, and face it, if you've got a choice of
keeping your job by doing a big dangerous-terrorist bust,
would *you* rather go after the real Aryan Nations types,
or would you rather go after a Jim Bell or CJ which gets you
almost as many Brownie Points without actually being
dangerous or requiring serious police work?
Sure, your coworkers might know it's a sucker play, but it looks
almost as good on the paperwork that goes to Washington,
which is good for the budget and your department's reputation,
and in return they'll be happy you got this annoyance out of their face,
and it's not like they're getting much non-cynical self-respect
out of what they're usually doing.

@_date: 2001-12-18 03:35:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Reg - Linotype copyright action on Adobe-format fonts 
"ATM" is "Adobe Type Manager".  Linotype is a big font house.
Intellectual Property laws for fonts are normally even stranger than for regular material,
but if any of these are in Postscript, they're also programs,
so there may be DMCA issues, and there's obviously some contractual
relationship with Adobe that lets them copyright implementations.
(I have *no* idea if there's Dmitri Sklyarov-related material here,
as in "Did Adobe do Something Bad, or was Someone Else careless",
but it's entertaining speculation, at least in the absence of actual Does anybody know ATM implementation details?
Adobe's web page describes ATM Light as a
which implies that at least some ATM fonts are real Postscript.
Fairly usable Fair Use reformatted excerpt from The Register's article follows.
Linotype gets heavy over free ATM font downloads
By John Lettice  - john.lettice
Posted: 17/12/2001 at 12:15 GMT
German company Linotype Library GmbH is flexing its ATM font copyright muscles via 'cease and desist' letters with potential $30,000 legal tabs attached. The fonts in question do seem to be owned by Linotype (or to be strictly accurate, its parent company Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG), but are probably part of a batch that accidentally wandered into the shareware sector in the early 90s.
The fonts are frequently found for download on OS/2 sites, and have tended to propagate via mirrors, with the assumption that they're shareware propagating along with them. This was the case for Ian Manners, who runs  and who contacted The Register after receiving his letter from Linotype.
What does seem clear is that Linotype is making heavy legal noises in order to clear the fonts off download sites. And strangely enough, the fonts themselves (Cascade, Flora, Frutiger, Helvetica, Isadora, Linotext, Linoscript, Optima, Palatino, Peignot, Present, Shelley and Univers), are currently on sale at Linotype Library's site.
The fonts Ian was hosting complicate matters further, in that internally they have an Adobe copyright stamp in them. Adobe itself sells the fonts in question, and labels them as Linotype's trademark on its site. It seems fairly clear that the fonts are Linotype's property, and that even people offering cloned versions under the same names are going to be vulnerable to legal threats. From the Linotype letter, however, it doesn't seem to be the case that they're universally trademarked throughout the world, which could make actual legal action complicated.

@_date: 2001-12-27 02:27:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Explosive smuggling (@#%$@# deleted) 
High-speed trains are almost as much fun to blow up as planes,
and muckers can do that by blowing up the tracks without
even having to get on the train.
Back when I was living in New Jersey and commuting to DC,
I usually took the train instead of the plane -
it took about 15 minutes longer, but was much nicer
(I lived closer to the train station, and most places I went in DC
were closer to the train than the airport, which made up for the
Metroliner being a bit slower.)  Now that they're adding an
hour or two to the plane trip, even the slow trains would be a slam dunk,
and they've now added an even faster train (though I'm not sure
if it stops in Central Jersey or just Newark.)
Here in California, if I'm going to Burbank it's still an hour or so
faster to fly than drive, but getting more ridiculous,
though for Orange County or LAX it's still a lot faster to drive.
But at least you can drive down the Grapevine without them
demanding that you take off your shoes, jacket, hat, pager,
cellphone, wallet, computer, wristwatch, screwdrivers, pocket knife,
nail files, scissors, car keys, and golf clubs
and unwrap all your Christmas presents.

@_date: 2001-12-29 10:20:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: VANGUARD: Actions Have Consequences:  or, How to Advance 
Jim, I'm really surprised that you forwarded this spam to the list.
I received it directly also.
While he does have some useful comments about political organizing,
some of what he says about liberal/conservative differences is a pure crock.
We're in the middle of a radically activist right-wing statist administration -
they're doing far more than the Reaganites ever accomplished as far as
building up the political power of the military, reducing civil liberties for
citizens as well as non-citizen residents and travelers, strengthening the police agencies,
and moving power away from Congress and into the Executive Branch.
And yet this spammer Martin talks about conservatives not being activists.
To the extent that he's talking about the public rather than the
party activists and the elected and appointed officials,
conservatives today are less activist than during the Reagan/Bush and the early Clinton administration, but the new Administration
is the most activist we've seen in ages, whether or not they
were actually elected.  One of the technologies for getting
grassroots and astroturf support that both big parties developed extensively
over the 80s/90s is the use of direct mail for fundraising and
generating letters to politicians - the conservatives
and particularly the Religious Right Wing were probably more effective
than the various sets of liberals.  This looks like an attempt to
do similar things on the net.]

@_date: 2002-01-25 07:14:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: James Bamford talk: 2/11/02 Berkeley: Intelligence Failures 
John Gilmore forwarded this to the cryptography list...
 >From the privacy-invasions-don't-protect-our-security department...
The Goldman School of Public Policy is pleased to announce the following
public lecture.
All are cordially invited to attend.
Time:      6:30 p.m.
Place:     Sibley Auditorium, Bechtel Center, U.C. Berkeley
Speaker: James Bamford (Visiting Professor, GSPP)
Topic:      INTELLIGENCE FAILURES THAT LED TO THE SEPTEMBER 11TH ATTACKS
James Bamford is the author of The Puzzle Palace and Body of Secrets, two
national bestsellers and the only books written about the National Security
Agency, the country's most secret intelligence agency.  Bamford's expertise
is in information technology, national security and public policy.  He was
until recently Washington Investigative Producer for ABC's World News
Tonight with Peter Jennings and has written investigative cover stories for
the New York Times Magazine, the Washington Post Magazine, and the Los
Angeles Times Magazine.  He lives in Washington, D.C.
For more information, please call the Goldman School of Public Policy at
CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE AT FOR A COMPLETE LISTING OF GSPP EVENTS: GSPP EVENTS LISTSERV INSTRUCTIONS:
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send a message to: majordomo with
subscribe gspp_events in the body of the message.
[Bring your copies of his books for him to sign...and ask him some questions
that deserve answers!   --gnu]

@_date: 2002-01-17 06:09:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: When prisoners of war aren't even close. (Was: RE: Rogue 
Also, wasn't bin Laden involved in the previous attempt to
blow up the world trade center, which had the FBI informant helping them?

@_date: 2002-01-09 17:41:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks 011202 at Stanford:  Corrected - it's January 12, 
Several people have suggested that I shouldn't edit these things
when I'm not awake; sorry about that :-)
See  for corrected Anyway, the meeting is definitely Saturday, January 12, 2002,
at Stanford in the coffeehouse in Tresidder.
And we'll be planning for the February 16th meeting,
which will be during Codecon and just before RSA.
If you get lost, or have questions, comments or last-minute agenda
requests, please contact your friendly meeting organizers:
  Dave Del Torto    Cell: +1.415.730.3583
  Bill Stewart     Cell: +1.415.307.7119

@_date: 2002-01-01 05:10:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com on Remailers 
Depending on the recipient, you might or might not be encrypting the message.
But the important security you're protecting is the connection between
the sender and the recipient.  Depending on the application,
the sender may be trying to prevent the recipient from knowing his address,
or the two of them may be trying to prevent outside eavesdroppers from
knowing that they're communicating, but in either case,
you only have that security if you can trust the remailer system
not to divulge the relationships.  If you let the sender's system
do all the encryption, then the entire chain needs to be compromised
for the connection to be revealed; otherwise any remailer along the way
can rat him out.  That doesn't mean that you can't gain some security
by remailers in the middle also adding hops on their own,
but the sender can't depend on that (at least unless he trusts
the remailers that are doing that), and of course you risk routing loops,
which are ugly things to detect in connection-obfuscating environments.

@_date: 2002-01-01 04:56:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
First of all, the sound system on a Palm Pilot can't handle the job -
there's no microphone, and the speaker system mainly knows how to beep
(you can play different tones, but it's not made for voice.)
Somebody said here that the iPaQ audio is half-duplex - too bad,
because push-to-talk is annoying.
Second, crypto is hardly ever the CPU bottleneck - voice compression is.
Public-key operations take some time, but only at startup;
RC4 at 9600 bps won't keep your CPU warm, and even AES at 32kbps isn't much.
But voice compression, if you want anything fancier than ADPCM,
does take a lot of horsepower, either from a CPU or a DSP or ASIC.
(ADPCM's dirt-simple, and works fine for 32kbps, but is pretty ratty at
16kbps or below.  Almost anything else starts burning lots of CPU
if you want to go 16kbps or tighter (some of the delta-modulation stuff
isn't very CPU-intensive, but it's also not good for low bit rates.)
I'd be surprised if anybody could get a dragonball to do the voice
compression tightly enough even if there were audio hardware support.
In the current cell-phone world, you typically need 9600 or below,
and 4800 would be better.  Cell phones do have voice compression built in;
unfortunately, the software isn't designed to let you get at the compressed
data stream and do other things with it, and if you're using modems,
you need one or two more sets of similar hardware to transmit it after that.
(The easy data channel in the US, CDPD, doesn't work for voice -
it fits the data into gaps between voice packets, so the latency
is generally way too long and way too variable to handle voice.)
Does GSM support handset-to-handset data connections?
Or does you have to use modems?   How fast are they?
Almost all of the newer cellphone data formats are fast enough,
usually 64kbps or more, if anybody bothers deploying them.
(I'm not counting the Japanese i-mode stuff.)
32kbps (plus async overhead, if any),
lets you use dirt-simple compression algorithms,
or you could burn some of your 206MHz horsepower on better compression.

@_date: 2002-01-06 23:23:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Future Gnu's 
What you do on your own time is your business :-)
Meanwhile, it's an open list, and procmail, Eudora, Outlook, Pine,
and probably even Netscape have mail filters,
so you can auto-ignore people you don't want to see.
Or you can encourage them by replying to all their posts,
so they'll keep on ranting.  Your choice....
One of the helpful things Detweiler did was get us thinking
about the necessity for mail filters before the Spam wave hit
and before the September That Never Ended swamped Usenet,
though of course killfiles had been around for a decade or more.

@_date: 2002-01-06 07:59:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
Most state governments also give you a breakdown on the things that
they spend the money on (with usually some weasel-words to avoid
indicating that it's proceeds from scamming suckers.
Usually the establishment of the lottery was justified to the voters
by saying they'd spend the money on schools and old people;
usually the actual spending is mostly for prisons (to keep
druggies and gamblers in) and other disreputable things.
The Mafia, by contrast, explains how they spend their money
by saying "Duh, we're the Mafia, whaddyatink?"
Also, the Mafia doesn't hypocritically claim that they're
forbidding other people to run lotteries because they're immoral;
they may claim that they're doing it because "this is *my* territory".
Of course, both of them let the Catholic Church and Fire Departments
run bingo games.  And at least back when I lived in New Jersey,
we didn't get a state lottery until the Mafia agreed that
it was ok to run it if the payoff was a lot worse than their Daily Number.
(Mafia payoff was 60%; State was usually 50%.)
On the other hand, Teri Gross on NPR was doing an interview with
somebody who'd written a book about the current Philadelphia mob.
Apparently, the concept of honor is long gone, even among the
younger members of the old Italian families.  And not only no honor,
but not really even any style as a substitute. Buncha crude thugs,
got no respect for nobody.

@_date: 2002-01-07 02:37:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Spooky noises and things that go bump in the night 
Some anonymous forger allegedly replied to Petro along the lines of:
That's the fun of the traditional pump-action shotgun.
*Everybody* knows what one of those sounds like,
though if you need to swing it around in your house,
it's easier if it's a sawed-off, at least if the
Feds weren't the ones who talked you into sawing it off.
Nor do I.  If the neighbor's kid wants to steal my
overweight television or 233-MHz PC, it's not worth killing him for,
and I think he's got the sense not to sneak in when we're home.
And the time cops broke into my house, they were looking for him,
not me, and it was much safer to deal with them by
yelling at them about not letting the cats out than shooting them,
though it was way out of their experience band...
I do keep a loaded fire extinguisher by the bed.
Most people don't know the sound of one of those going off,
or the effects of getting hit in the face by the blast,
though they may know how to react to the blunt end of one
if the previous effects haven't distracted them,
and I can shoot first and ask questions later.

@_date: 2002-01-09 09:07:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks 011202 at Stanford: Anti-Terrorism & Security 
See  for subscription help and
  Cypherpunks meeting announcements from around the world.
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks
January 2002 Physical Meeting Announcement
GENERAL INFO:
   DATE:  Saturday 13 October 2001
   TIME:  1-5 PM (Pacific Time)
  PLACE:  Tressider Student Union
          Stanford University Campus
          Palo Alto, California, USA
Instead of our usual outdoor location, we'll be meeting inside the
coffeehouse adjacent to the courtyard.
"Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
As usual, this is an Open Meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited.
One of the main topics of discussion will be planning for
March's meeting, which will be on the THIRD Saturday of the month,
just before the RSA tradeshow,  ,
and approximately simultaneous with Codecon
which is Bram's conference about actual running code,
primarily focused on crypto and peer-to-peer applications.
Known foreigners suspected to be in town include Ian Goldberg.
Collateral Damage -
    The Stanford meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our
    outdoor summer meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the
    Stanford University campus (in Palo Alto, California), at the end of
    Santa Theresa, at the tables outside Tressider Union, just west of
    Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
    We'll meet inside the coffee store adjacent to the courtyard.
    Food/beverages are available at the cafe and mini-market inside.
    Location Maps:
    Tressider Union (overview):
          Tressider Union (zoomed detail view):
          Printable Stanford Map (407k).
          GPS Coordinates: 37d23:40 N 122d04:49 W
If you get lost, or have questions, comments or last-minute agenda
requests, please contact your friendly meeting organizers:
  Dave Del Torto    Cell: +1.415.730.3583
  Bill Stewart     Cell: +1.415.307.7119

@_date: 2002-01-09 09:07:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks 011202 at Stanford: Anti-Terrorism & Security 
See  for subscription help and
  Cypherpunks meeting announcements from around the world.
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks
January 2002 Physical Meeting Announcement
GENERAL INFO:
   DATE:  Saturday 13 October 2001
   TIME:  1-5 PM (Pacific Time)
  PLACE:  Tressider Student Union
          Stanford University Campus
          Palo Alto, California, USA
Instead of our usual outdoor location, we'll be meeting inside the
coffeehouse adjacent to the courtyard.
"Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
As usual, this is an Open Meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited.
One of the main topics of discussion will be planning for
March's meeting, which will be on the THIRD Saturday of the month,
just before the RSA tradeshow,  ,
and approximately simultaneous with Codecon
which is Bram's conference about actual running code,
primarily focused on crypto and peer-to-peer applications.
Known foreigners suspected to be in town include Ian Goldberg.
Collateral Damage -
    The Stanford meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our
    outdoor summer meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the
    Stanford University campus (in Palo Alto, California), at the end of
    Santa Theresa, at the tables outside Tressider Union, just west of
    Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
    We'll meet inside the coffee store adjacent to the courtyard.
    Food/beverages are available at the cafe and mini-market inside.
    Location Maps:
    Tressider Union (overview):
          Tressider Union (zoomed detail view):
          Printable Stanford Map (407k).
          GPS Coordinates: 37d23:40 N 122d04:49 W
If you get lost, or have questions, comments or last-minute agenda
requests, please contact your friendly meeting organizers:
  Dave Del Torto    Cell: +1.415.730.3583
  Bill Stewart     Cell: +1.415.307.7119

@_date: 2002-01-14 21:56:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: registering Cypherpunks movement ... 
Anybody who's come to the Bay Area Cypherpunks Meetings,
which DDT and I send out announcements for,
can also validate that "organization" is a rather strong term for them :-)
We don't have any officers - so the report becomes the null set.
And some of us belong to religions that forbid making oaths,
while the oaths you'd get from other non-officers are more like
   " I'm not filling out this form"
However, for entertainment, somebody might want to check with the
California Secretary of State to look at the registry of
subversive organizations, which the last section of the law
says is public record and open to inspection.

@_date: 2002-01-15 08:42:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [PLANNING FEB CPUNKS]  Who's going to be in the Bay Area in 
The RSA Conference will be in San Jose the week of Feb 18-22.
As usual, that means a lot of cypherpunks will be in town,
and we move the meeting to whichever weekend works best.
This year, that's Saturday the 16th, and it's Presidents' Day Weekend.
It's also Codecon 2002   , a conference on
peer-to-peer, crypto, and similar applications,
designed for presentations about actual working code.
The conference will be at the DNA Lounge, 375 11th St, San Francisco.
The not-totally-firm plans are to have the cypherpunks meeting
at Codecon on Saturday afternoon (the conference is Friday-Sunday).
Bram (the conference organizer) will probably be able to comp us attendance
(the full conference is $50), but he needs to do a schedule.
Some of the crypto projects being talked about include Cryptomail
and Zooko talking about Mojo Nation derivatives.
Who's going to be in town that weekend?
Would you like to speak at the Cypherpunks meeting,
either as an organized talk or as a works-in-progress session?

@_date: 2002-01-15 08:42:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [PLANNING FEB CPUNKS]  Who's going to be in the Bay Area in 
The RSA Conference will be in San Jose the week of Feb 18-22.
As usual, that means a lot of cypherpunks will be in town,
and we move the meeting to whichever weekend works best.
This year, that's Saturday the 16th, and it's Presidents' Day Weekend.
It's also Codecon 2002   , a conference on
peer-to-peer, crypto, and similar applications,
designed for presentations about actual working code.
The conference will be at the DNA Lounge, 375 11th St, San Francisco.
The not-totally-firm plans are to have the cypherpunks meeting
at Codecon on Saturday afternoon (the conference is Friday-Sunday).
Bram (the conference organizer) will probably be able to comp us attendance
(the full conference is $50), but he needs to do a schedule.
Some of the crypto projects being talked about include Cryptomail
and Zooko talking about Mojo Nation derivatives.
Who's going to be in town that weekend?
Would you like to speak at the Cypherpunks meeting,
either as an organized talk or as a works-in-progress session?

@_date: 2002-01-24 02:16:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler's Theory of Nymity 
The Wayback Machine at can find you many historical documents, including the ones you're looking for.
It's Brewster Kahle's archive of the entire web, more or less -
if you haven't tried it using it, just go there and play around,
in this case by putting the URL  in the blank The Wayback Machine helps provide one of two important Internet characteristics
and reduce the extent to which the other is true:
- Stuff you really want to find isn't there any more
- Stuff you said that you really wish you hadn't won't go away.
And Google's acquisition of old Usenet records accelerates the same effects.

@_date: 2002-01-25 18:18:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Thinking outside the box, deviously 
It's quickly obvious that *if* there is a solution,
it's either dependent on "d", the radius of the drill bit, or it's not.
If it is, the infinitesimal drill bit is the obvious calculation method.
But it's a counter-intuitive answer, and real-world problems
don't usually have answers that neat, and the mind that is not merely
devious but also curious says "that's interesting, let's explore this,
have I got some paper to draw pictures on, wonder how someone noticed
a surprising result like this...".
Alternatively, the mind that is not curious but merely plodding says
"OK, if there's an answer, that's it, but let's check to be sure
before sending Tim the answer", which leads to almost as much work
as doing it from scratch :-)

@_date: 2002-01-25 07:11:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RSA Attacks - Talk at Stanford - 1/28/2002 4PM (fwd) 
Looks like an interesting talk!
---------- Forwarded message ----------
                        Algebraic Cryptanalysis
                             Glenn Durfee
                    Department of Computer Science
                          Stanford University
                        Gates Building, Room 498
                        Monday, Jan. 28th, 2002
                           4:00 PM - 5:00 PM
In this talk we study the security of the widely-used RSA public key
cryptosystem.  RSA is used in the SSL protocol for security on the
Internet, and the SET protocol used by Visa for secure credit card
transactions.  This talk outlines several cryptanalytic results on the RSA
public key cryptosystem and variants.  We obtain our results using tools
from the theory of integer lattices.
We begin by introducing a novel algorithm for the factorization of a
class of integers related closely to RSA moduli, showing a new class
of integers can be efficiently factored.  We go on to introduce
new attacks on the RSA public key cryptosystem which take advantage of
partial knowledge of a user's secret key, showing that in low public
exponent RSA, leaking the quarter least significant bits of the secret key
is sufficient to compromise RSA.  Similar results (though not as strong)
hold for larger values of the public key.  Next we describe a new attack on
the RSA public key cryptosystem when a short secret exponent is used,
extending previous bounds for short secret exponent vulnerability.  Lastly,
we describe the Sun-Yang-Laih RSA key generation schemes, and introduce
attacks to break two out of three of these schemes.

@_date: 2002-01-25 07:11:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RSA Attacks - Talk at Stanford - 1/28/2002 4PM (fwd) 
Looks like an interesting talk!
---------- Forwarded message ----------
                        Algebraic Cryptanalysis
                             Glenn Durfee
                    Department of Computer Science
                          Stanford University
                        Gates Building, Room 498
                        Monday, Jan. 28th, 2002
                           4:00 PM - 5:00 PM
In this talk we study the security of the widely-used RSA public key
cryptosystem.  RSA is used in the SSL protocol for security on the
Internet, and the SET protocol used by Visa for secure credit card
transactions.  This talk outlines several cryptanalytic results on the RSA
public key cryptosystem and variants.  We obtain our results using tools
from the theory of integer lattices.
We begin by introducing a novel algorithm for the factorization of a
class of integers related closely to RSA moduli, showing a new class
of integers can be efficiently factored.  We go on to introduce
new attacks on the RSA public key cryptosystem which take advantage of
partial knowledge of a user's secret key, showing that in low public
exponent RSA, leaking the quarter least significant bits of the secret key
is sufficient to compromise RSA.  Similar results (though not as strong)
hold for larger values of the public key.  Next we describe a new attack on
the RSA public key cryptosystem when a short secret exponent is used,
extending previous bounds for short secret exponent vulnerability.  Lastly,
we describe the Sun-Yang-Laih RSA key generation schemes, and introduce
attacks to break two out of three of these schemes.

@_date: 2002-02-21 09:53:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Other things I saw at RSA trade show. 
Lots of VPN/firewall boxes.
Fewer PKI vendors than in the past, mostly now aligned with other products.
A variety of SSL accelerator hardware - the higher-end boxes
claim to have ~10K transactions/second now, with ~50-100K on their next rev.
Some are more general, some more SSL-customized.
At least one has two GigEthernet interfaces, and integrates the
SSL with the TCP/IP stack, so you don't have to run the traffic through
your CPU to decrypt, saving a lot of copying.  It feeds the output
to the private-side computer using a different TCP port for each certificate you use.
One has been integrated with FreeS/WAN IPSEC as an RSA / 3DES processor.
One VPN-like box which uses SSL instead of IPSEC, from Neoteris.
The nice things that it does are to support access from any SSL-capable (doesn't have to be your own laptop, as long as you trust it enough),
and to support access to various file system types, so you can use NFS
or other file servers behind it as well as disk-based servers.
It also has a little installable shim program for telnet-over-SSL.
A few secure mail products, such as Zixmail (who also give away screwdrivers.)
Several email-firewall products, with virus checking and spam blocking.
Ironmail sounded like they did a good job.
A number of people with USB key-dongles.  Most are small-memory versions,
e.g. 16KB-32KB, which require a driver rather than emulating a disk drive,
so they're not susceptible to general-purpose viruses, though you could
probably wedge a custom virus onto one.
One company using Java I-Buttons.  Their name was something SSOthinglike -
they do a Single Sign-On application using the I-Button as a token,
and there are now several new mounting hardwares for the buttons.
Dallas Semiconductor just recently merged with Maxim Semiconductor
(  and also  )
Not much in the way of tchochkes; a few squishballs, pens, T-shirts.
CDROMs are the main giveaway other than brochures.
Be sure to get the one from A few companies were obviously hiring, though not many.
EFF booth has a clunky Secret Decoder Ring.
The NSA booth has some cardboard decoder wheels, and an Enigma.
There's at least one encrypting GSM phone.
Smaller show than in the past.
Looks like IBM's not sponsoring the big party Thursday at the art museum.

@_date: 2002-02-21 08:59:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RSA Tradeshow Wants Photo ID to register, the bums 
I suppose it probably was splattered all over their registration materials,
but I certainly didn't notice.
The RSA trade show insists on a picture ID to register, even for exhibits.
Then they take a digital picture of you at registration and print it on your badge,
so you're not able to switch off badges with other people;
they're mainly checking pictures to get into the paid sessions,
which doesn't bother me much (though it's pretty typical for companies who have
multiple people attending a show and also doing booth bunny duty to switch But it's especially annoying when you've registered several dummy names
for the free exhibits since you didn't know which co-worker would be there.
I'll have to see about printing a fake ID at work this morning before
I head back there (or else go back in and see if our lame booth has any
spare exhibit badges.)
Joel Cypherpunk and Dr. Fred M'bogo, you're both pre-registered,
so remember to bring picture ID of some sort with you :-)

@_date: 2002-02-21 08:46:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Smart Card Cracker at RSA tradeshow - Cool! 
Most of the exhibits at the RSA show looked like such things usually do.
But one exhibit was really cool - Datacard Group, near the back around the If you're there, you absolutely have to see these guys.
They were cracking smart cards using Differential Power Analysis and
Differential Fault Analysis - they have a stack of equipment with
an oscilloscope and some magic boxes and a PC display, and they were
showing "see these 16 vertical lines?  That's 16 rounds of DES.
Let's zoom in - this shape here is an S-box.  I'll start the cracking program,
and we'll have the key in a minute or two", and sure enough they did.
Triple-DES only takes about 3 times as long...
Finding the two primes from an RSA key took a similar amount of time -
it's not doing some magic factoring technique, it's watching a card
that has the two primes in it signing stuff.  I think that demo was
Differential Fault Analysis, where they hand the card some voltages
and frequencies that are much different than it's designed for,
and look at the different results they get depending on what parts they poke.
I've seen Paul Kocher's descriptions in the past about how this stuff
is possible - it's not the same impact as watching it done,
and seeing how amazingly fast it can be.
They're set up to do a couple formats of cards, including contactless
as well as the standard contact-based things.
Of course, there are also a few dozen smartcard vendors at the show,
talking about how their authentication systems will make
health care and banking and biometric citizen-unit-tracking perfectly secure :-)
  =================
One other pleasant product was  bootable linux business-card-CD,
with lots of network analysis tools on it - ethereal, snort, VNC, a few dozen others.
All the things you'd expect from them, if you dare to put it in your They said there really weren't any "remote system administration" tools
on the disk that they don't document being there :-)

@_date: 2002-02-18 19:37:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: NYTimes.com Article: U.S. Companies File in Bermuda to 
That's simple - corporations are fictitious persons.
If you, as a real person, want to stop being a US citizen and move somewhere else
that doesn't have an income tax, you can, but it's somewhat difficult and
may be a bigger change in your lifestyle than you want.
But if a US corporation wants to dissolve and sell its assets to a Bermuda
corporation, and have the Bermuda corporation operate in the US as a foreign
corporation, while its fictitious person is lying on the beach in the islands,
it'll keep a bunch of lawyers and accountants busy for a little while
they learn new tricks, but it's not too much more trouble than being a
Delaware corporation instead of a California corporation.
So what can _you_ do if you want to shelter _your_ income by having it If you're a direct employee of a US corporation, like I am,
you won't be able to do much about your wages, but if you're a contractor
or consultant, you may already own a corporation you're using to bill your and pay your business expenses and pay you, so you could replace that with a
tax-haven corporation, whether that's Anguillan, Bermudan, Caymans, etc.
But you can also create a non-US corporation and use it for your investments.
You can't simply put your money in a Caymans bank and have the interest be because it's still income to you, so the Feds can tax it.
But you if you invest your money in a corporation, chartered in some country, and that corporation put the money in a bank, and earns interest,
there's no US connection even though you own the corporation,
so until you tell it to pay you dividends, you're not getting taxed,
and the interest can compound at full rate instead of after-taxes,
which can be a big win if you're getting much interest.
Similarly, if the corporation invests in things that make capital gains,
those aren't taxable - only the dividends that you as a stockholder get paid
are taxable.  That doesn't help directly if you've got one winning investment -
but if you're in the more typical situation where some of your investments win
and some of them lose, and they don't conveniently do so in the same tax year,
you're still able to balance them out instead of doing the US lame All of this is perfectly legal tax avoidance, assuming you do it properly.
It used to be more difficult than it is today - but there's now a decent
communications infrastructure, and you can do things like get a Visa card
on the tax-haven bank account so you don't have to wire money around
when you want to spend it, and while it may be more expensive to set up
some of these corporations than your typical "$50 Delaware Corporation",
it's not too expensive compared to the amount a typical Silicon Valley investor of
3-5 years ago could save on tax-sheltering.  On the other hand,
if all your money is invested in businesses that are losing their shirts,
it's a bit less help :-) though it can still be useful for stretching your to cover future capital gains.
Of course, there are other aspects of overseas corporations as an investment,
such as illegal tax evasion, sheltering assets where they're hard to reach
in lawsuits and other court judgements, laundering money for Bad People,
running scams where the victims' money ends up in your hard-to-reach
overseas corporation, ripping of your country's money when you're a politician,
scamming people to pay the up-front money to collect the money your relatives
allegedly ripped off when they were live politicians, and then the
also-occasionally popular sports of running "banks" or "investment in tax-haven countries that fold up and disappear, ripping off their investors.
It's much more difficult to get money back in those cases,
since you're forced to deal with courts that are far away and may be corrupt,
but most of the popular tax-haven countries are good at protecting investors
because they want lots of repeat business (or if they're not,
they cease being "popular" pretty fast...)

@_date: 2002-02-15 08:58:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: LNE C-punks archive 
As far as how to filter goes, hypermail or its ilk let you view
mail archives by threaded discussions, and that's enough to do
most of the filtering most people need - you're usually already reading it
by clicking on interesting articles rather than reading serially,
so you just skip the people you dislike and the threads that
look like the usual flame wars and it's not a problem.
Doing an archive that's based on LNE.com and doesn't have 95% of the spam
is a mostly good idea, though it has the problem of occasionally losing
real posts, but not very many.

@_date: 2002-02-13 16:58:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: San Francisco Cypherpunks meeting schedules 
Yeah, the schedule was just working that way all around.
I'll be out of town also, and I'm not sure if DDT's around;
Len and Bram are full-scale busy running Codecon,
and the geography thing makes it difficult as well.
Do you know what the dates are for RSA next year?

@_date: 2002-02-13 09:06:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: Virus on IBM USB Memory Keys 
Apparently it's possibile for viruses to infect those little USB key-dongle just like it used to be with floppies.  Most people have finally gotten out of
the habit of exchanging floppies between machines, because most software comes
on CDROMs instead of floppies and regular files can be exchanged by email
or networks, so most of the ways people catch viruses are bad email programs.
But the USB dongles generally use the "look like a USB-connected disk"
protocols to avoid requiring the users to install drivers for them,
so unless you've got a USB dongle with a write-protect,
connecting them to computers other than your own exposes you to viruses.
DDT asks if i-Buttons are also susceptible to this.
Not directly - they're normally connected as serial devices, not disk drives,
and I doubt that most i-Button users have drivers that read and auto-execute code
that they find on the i-Button, so they're unlikely to carry viruses.
Here's the article from The Register.  Sorry if there's HTML left in it.

@_date: 2002-02-11 08:39:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: ID, drivers license abuse; military registration 
Sounds like a good reason to get your license at 17....

@_date: 2002-02-04 04:49:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: ONDCP's Super Bowl Anti-Drug Ads 
Sigh.  It's time for the "Campaign for Homegrown Marijuana"
to start putting out press releases about how
"If you're not growing marijuana or buying it from other Real Americans,
the Terrorists Have Won!  Start growing Marijuana now and
take a bite out of crime by taking funds away from the Mafia and Terrorists!"

@_date: 2002-02-04 00:19:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk agenda succeeding 
There are two things that can make it common -
- paranoids like us reacting to raids on computers
- stolen laptops leading to corporate information theft.
Microsoft isn't going to encrypt disk drives to protect against the former;
they might do it because of business demand from the latter.
One of the big impacts of encrypted disks is that
cops can steal your computer with just a warrant,
while encrypted disks force them to take you to court
to get the password, which gives you an opportunity to
get a lawyer and argue about the reasonableness of the search.
That's one of the few good excuses I can see for using biometrics -
if the computer won't mount the main diskdrive without you
putting your thumb on the pad, it's harder to blackbag
and they can't get your data without you knowing it,
assuming the biometrics are implemented properly.
Some blackbag jobs can work fine without rebooting the machine,
like keyloggers in the keyboard cord (if your operating system
doesn't choke on disconnecting the cord), and obviously
cracking into your box from your DSL line won't be affected,
but it does block some attacks.
Some uses for biometrics have a much more incriminating tradeoff -
if your private key can only be opened using your thumbprint,
that's strong evidence that that key really belongs to you
and not just some random user with an account on your machine.
But tying your thumbprint to the hardware sitting in your house
isn't very incriminating, unless you were going to claim that
you're just running the box for your brother and don't know what
he's running on it :-)

@_date: 2002-02-03 02:52:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: WalMart's War on NyQuil 
Another way the War On Drugs is helping protect America's health.
It's related to ephedrine (no surprise), and can be used
to derive methamphetamine in a couple of steps.
You can still get cheap drugstore-brand pseudoephedrine,
usually in blister packs of 24, though it's recently become
possible to get boxes of 96 (at least from Walgreen's).
Also, you can get 24-packs of the timed-release 120-mg tabs.
Apparently speeders don't have the patience to pop all the little
But apparently you're not supposed to be able to get more than that.
(Really annoying to have a "Buy 1 get 1 free, limit 2 free" sale,
and be told that if you buy two you can't get the second free one...
Some stores not only count straight sudafed, they also count
pills that have that and other drugs in them as well.
Since I've had the Martian Flu for a couple of weeks,
I stop in the drugstore a couple times a week and stock up
in whatever seems to be working - the last time the
register tripped on the collection of stuff, though the
clerk just tossed in the free ones without ringing them up
since it wouldn't let him ring them up.

@_date: 2002-02-13 09:15:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: The Register - DEA Data Thief Jumps Bail after selling 
It's nice to know that sensitive information like driver's license records
is in the hands of our trustworthy Federal and State government officials,
and that the current attempts to nationalize our drivers' license data
even further won't be any risk to our civil rights or privacy,
with public servants like this guy on out payroll.

@_date: 2002-02-13 09:54:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Announce: San Francisco Cypherpunks, Sat 2/16/02, 6pm - 225 
This announcement will be at and is being sent to several cypherpunks-related mailing lists.
The San Francisco Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting will be
Saturday, February 16, 2002, at Don Ramon's Restaurant, 225 11th St, San As usual, this is an open public meeting on US soil.
Everyone's invited, including non-US-citizens, and several suspected Canadians
will be present :-)
Our agenda is a widely-held secret.
Predicted topics include Intrepid Traveller Bill Scannell's trip to Cuba,
discussion of the crypto and data-sharing presentations from Codecon,
potentially a couple of projects that were too late for Codecon,
and generally what everybody's been doing and working on.
The unusual time and place are because the Codecon conference will be a block away at the DNA Lounge  Friday-Sunday and the RSA conference will be at the San Jose Convention Center the following week.
A number of cypherpunks will be speaking at Codecon (See people.html and The RSA Conference appears to have decided to protect their agenda through you can obtain PDFs of the agenda from their website if you have Multimedia Flash :-)
Codecon is a low-priced conference; RSA has high-priced talks, low-priced and the usual vendor parties.
=================== DIRECTIONS AND PARKING ====================================
Don Ramon's Restaurant - Look for Usual Suspects, probably upstairs.
Directions: 	225 11th St. is a block north of the DNA Lounge,
 From the South Bay:
 From the East Bay:
onto 11th.
By Public Transit:
and Hyde),
Parking is easy for once:  Ample public parking is available at the Costco parking lot,

@_date: 2002-02-13 09:54:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Announce: San Francisco Cypherpunks, Sat 2/16/02, 6pm - 225 
This announcement will be at and is being sent to several cypherpunks-related mailing lists.
The San Francisco Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting will be
Saturday, February 16, 2002, at Don Ramon's Restaurant, 225 11th St, San As usual, this is an open public meeting on US soil.
Everyone's invited, including non-US-citizens, and several suspected Canadians
will be present :-)
Our agenda is a widely-held secret.
Predicted topics include Intrepid Traveller Bill Scannell's trip to Cuba,
discussion of the crypto and data-sharing presentations from Codecon,
potentially a couple of projects that were too late for Codecon,
and generally what everybody's been doing and working on.
The unusual time and place are because the Codecon conference will be a block away at the DNA Lounge  Friday-Sunday and the RSA conference will be at the San Jose Convention Center the following week.
A number of cypherpunks will be speaking at Codecon (See people.html and The RSA Conference appears to have decided to protect their agenda through you can obtain PDFs of the agenda from their website if you have Multimedia Flash :-)
Codecon is a low-priced conference; RSA has high-priced talks, low-priced and the usual vendor parties.
=================== DIRECTIONS AND PARKING ====================================
Don Ramon's Restaurant - Look for Usual Suspects, probably upstairs.
Directions: 	225 11th St. is a block north of the DNA Lounge,
 From the South Bay:
 From the East Bay:
onto 11th.
By Public Transit:
and Hyde),
Parking is easy for once:  Ample public parking is available at the Costco parking lot,

@_date: 2002-02-14 09:05:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: DC to get spycams --"no choice but to accept it" 
While surveillance cameras may not typically have angles suitable for
that specific application, the general tendency that seems to show up
with surveillance cameras has in fact been that they're used much more
for looking at attractive women than stopping crime.
(And that doesn't even count the X10 cameras....)

@_date: 2002-02-23 08:31:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Auto Keys RNG 
If the ignition key crypto communications happen out at the
steering wheel, it's defeatable by basic hotwiring,
but if they make the communications happen from the
electronic ignition module, that's tougher to crack.
The enterprising car thief _could_ carry around
a set of EPROMs for different car models -
or could resort to car-jacking, or social-engineering at parking lots.
Fancy electronics don't know that you stole the keys.
But those attacks are more trouble than stealing an unattended car,
and work equally well against non-cryptographic cars,
so it's a real risk reduction.

@_date: 2002-03-26 06:42:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: DoJ Summons Offshore Credit Cards 
[Expletive deleted]!  That's outrageous!
It's one thing to issue a "John Doe" summons for evidence
about a specific crime known to have occurred.
But this is a "Go Fish" summons - they're looking for anybody
who *might* be evading taxes, at least if their press release
is to be believed.
         "One way individuals divert income and evade their U.S. tax          is by maintaining bank accounts in foreign tax havens and
         using credit or debit cards issued by the offshore bank.
         It is not illegal to have an offshore credit card.
         However, people use these cards to tap into foreign bank accounts
         to get easy access to cash while evading paying taxes.
         They can use the cards to pay for everyday expenses like groceries
         and gas or even purchase luxury items such as boats and cars. "
Well, duh!  That's one of the big reasons people get cards on foreign banks...
If it's not illegal, they shouldn't be asking for them.

@_date: 2002-03-24 02:56:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: distributed filtering with server-side NoCeM's 
The big advantage of NoCeMs is that you don't have a centralized
decision point controlling which messages go to the list and which don't.
Everybody gets all the messages, and if they use a NoCeM-based reader
their client decides which messages to show them.
There are hybrid approaches - have a centralized server that lets the
users decide which messages should go to them and which shouldn't
(for instance, pobox.com assigns a Spam rating of 0-10 for messages
and lets you pick thresholds for deleting or marking messages.)
Or you could have the centralized server include the markings
(at the cost of some delay in reading forwarding messages
to non-moderators, since you need to wait for NoCeMs to trickle in.)
It would be almost as clean to build a POP proxy that you run yourself,
letting the proxy filter messages based on NoCeMs -
that way, the individual user is still in control.
You could have the NoCeMs delivered by email, either in the same mailing list,
or in an associated list such as cypherpunks-nocem
or if you really want, you could use a web-based central server for
accepting and distributing NoCeMs.
Here's a hypothetical example of web-based out-of-band NoCeMs for POP clients -
- Subscribe to the list at noisylist-request
- The mailbot for adds a trailer to each mailing-list message like
         NoCeMs good rating:          NoCeMs bad  rating:          NoCeMs ugly rating: (This could be done in the headers, but lots of MUAs aren't good at showing - If you want to rate the message, you click on good, bad, or ugly
         (or whatever interface your Mail User Agent gives you.)
- The nocem CGI script validates your client-side certificate (:-) against known raters,
         and summarizes
- When you want to read email, your POP client queries your proxy server
- Your proxy server fetches email messages from your real mail server,
         and for each message matching a known NoCeM server pattern
         (e.g. you've told it which mailing lists you want validated),                   and based on the ratings, either gives your MUA the message,
         gives your MUA a marked-up version of the message, or drops it.
- Denial-of-service-attack-1: attacker sends interesting rating messages to the server
- Denial-of-service-attack-2: attacker includes dangerously-formed message-ids in message
- Denial-of-service-attack-3: attacker includes their own interestingly-formed rating URLs
- Denial-of-service-attack-4: I haven't thought of it yet, but you will pretty quickly...

@_date: 2002-03-07 07:17:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks March 2002 Physical Meeting 
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks March 2002 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info
DATE:   Saturday 9 March 2002
TIME:   1:00 - 5:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:  Tresidder Student Union Courtyard,
         Stanford University Campus
         Palo Alto, California, USA
Agenda     "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
As usual, this is an Open Meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited.
This will be an informal slacker meeting.
What have you been working on or playing with lately?
Peer-to-peer spam busting tools?  Anybody tried Peek-A-Booty yet?
One important topic to address is future meeting plans -
should we continue meeting monthly, or move to more like quarterly
with more organized content per meeting?
Plans For Upcoming Meetings
     * April - Berkeley - Meeting at Chillingeffects.org,
     * May - Berkeley - The IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy
     * Summer - 1-2 meetings - Penninsula? Santa Cruz again?
    The Stanford meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our
    outdoor summer meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the
    Stanford University campus (in Palo Alto, California), at the end of
    Santa Theresa, at the tables outside Tresidder Union, just west of
    Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
    We meet at the tables on the West side of the building, inside the
    horseshoe "U" formed by the Tresidder building. Ask anyone on campus
    where "Tresidder" or the "Student Union" is and they'll help you find it.
    If the weather is bad, we'll meet inside.
    Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tresidder.
    Location Maps:
          (zoomed detail view):
     Printable Stanford Map (407k).
    GPS Coordinates: 37d23:40 N 122d04:49 W
    If you get lost on the way, you can try calling:
      +1.415.307.7119 (Bill)
If you have questions, comments or last-minute agenda requests, please contact the
meeting organizers:
     Bill Stewart bill.stewart
     Dave Del Torto ddt
This announcement is posted at or near Meetingpunks mailing list
  <- To Subscribe
It's also typically mailed to the cypherpunks list.

@_date: 2002-03-07 07:30:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: node query 
The best approach is to look in the Welcome message you saved when
you subscribed to the list.  It's a good habit to get into,
especially if you ever have to change email addresses.
However, since you're asking the question,
that method probably won't work for you. :-)
So look at the mail headers of the messages you're getting -
are they coming from ssz.com, or lne.com, or somewhere else like minder.net?
Don't look at the To: lines - that shows which CDR node got it first,
but they forward to each other.   You need to look at the one that went to you.
You'll also find some advice in or near

@_date: 2002-03-10 07:03:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: anti-flooding for mail2news gateways (used via mixmaster) 
Agreed, as long as you can do it in a way that doesn't
overly identify the sender, which is a risk with Hashcash.
(For instance, the gateway could give out different
uniqueness strings with its hashcash and keep track of IP addresses
of people who request it, forcing use of web-anonymizers.)
Another thing you could do that's less drastic than hashcash
is to adaptively set delays on input-output pairs.
Delay accepting new mail from sites if they're sending too often,
for instance by forcing an N-second delay between accepting messages.
(You probably have to differentiate between known remailers
and the class of all other sites.)
That does mean the flooder can slow down service from a given remailer
to the gateway, which is not ideal, but it's possible to manage things a bit.

@_date: 2002-03-14 08:20:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | Document Retention And E-mail 
The Disappearing Ink folks addressed the retention problem by mailing documents
in an encrypted form that you could only decrypt and view by connecting to
their web site to fetch your key (or maybe it was for them to decrypt; I don't remember.)
Whenever your document retention period said they should forget the key,
they would erase it, making it impossible for you to recover documents later.
They addressed the screen-scraping problem by saying
"That's not the problem we're trying to solve - way too hard.
We're trying to solve the business problem of erasing messages that both parties to
the message really do want to have erased.  Trying to solve the
other problem would be snake oil."
I have seen paper with anti-screen-scraping features, though.
My wife made a photocopy of a prescription so she could deal with the
insurance people about it and found that the copy had the words
"ILLEGAL COPY" all over it.  I'm not sure their watermarking technique,
but apparently there are anti-photocopying prescription pads.
It used to be possible to find dark purple paper for making
hard-to-photocopy documents for more secure environments,
but color scanners have rendered that useless.

@_date: 2002-03-16 22:16:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: DNA-Based Computer Solves Truly Huge Logic Problem 
and many of you autodeleted or ignored it,
because it's just Jim forwarding stuff again.
However, it had a catchy title, and sure enough,
Len Adleman is up to new tricks -
this time he's gotten a DNA computer to solve a problem instance with
2**20 possible values.  It looks like the popular 3-SAT problem
which many NP-complete problems are easily resolved to.
The real article is in "Science", the AAAS journal,
but the unisci.com article doesn't give a real footnote to it.
Now, if he'd pointed us to Slashdot,
we'd have the references to  ,
which says "(R Braich et al 2002 Science to appear)",
a comment by someone who talked to one of the researchers,
confirming that, yes, it was a 24-clause 20-variable 3-SAT problem,
and references to USC News (Adleman works at USC)
which has a slightly longer version of the article that _does_ have references,
including which (for a free registration) will let you see the *real* article.
But Jim knows y'all can read slashdot for yourselves :-)

@_date: 2002-03-18 06:35:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: PILLS SIDE AFFECTS AND ME 
Didn't work for Detweiler's forgeries :-)
Eric's other advice, "don't feed the animals", was more effective...

@_date: 2002-03-26 07:39:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise 
While SSL implementations are mostly 1024 bits these days,
aren't PGP Diffie-Hellman keys usually 1536 bits?

@_date: 2002-03-26 07:39:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise 
While SSL implementations are mostly 1024 bits these days,
aren't PGP Diffie-Hellman keys usually 1536 bits?

@_date: 2002-03-26 04:25:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: 40 teraflops (fwd) 
Unfortunately, the article that Bob Hettinga excerpted from the
South China Morning Post is a pay-only article.
 <- Japanese government site.
 <- Good page
 <- The ES center
 <- Pictures.
Here are a couple of articles from 2000 about how cool the machine will be:
  <- NEC press release
   <- Some technical detail
Cool lecture by Jack Dongarra (a name you should know)
overview of high-performance computing.  Spring 2002 CS594 UTenn.
"Most Important Slide" is the pointer to The other reference site for this stuff:  Article about Google doing work on parallel projects

@_date: 2002-03-26 04:25:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: 40 teraflops (fwd) 
Unfortunately, the article that Bob Hettinga excerpted from the
South China Morning Post is a pay-only article.
 <- Japanese government site.
 <- Good page
 <- The ES center
 <- Pictures.
Here are a couple of articles from 2000 about how cool the machine will be:
  <- NEC press release
   <- Some technical detail
Cool lecture by Jack Dongarra (a name you should know)
overview of high-performance computing.  Spring 2002 CS594 UTenn.
"Most Important Slide" is the pointer to The other reference site for this stuff:  Article about Google doing work on parallel projects

@_date: 2002-04-28 16:45:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: P2P gets noticed ... 
Some of the peer-to-peer systems are designed to do this well; others aren't.
Napster wasn't, but because they had a centralized database server,
they could adjust their algorithms to avoid being kicked out of universities
(which also had the problem of slow WAN bottlenecks with fast LANs making all
the users look like great sources.)
Systems that can do supernoding can possibly be talked into doing this;
they certainly should be designed to make it easier.
Unfortunately, the typical metric for Napster-like systems is simply how fast
the local connection is (though you could tell it a slower number),
rather than how good a path they have to the outside world,
and they advertise that same metric to everybody - it's an obvious target to fix.
(E.g. give the system some way to advertise a neighborhood, with different inside and outside, and some way to find indexes for the same neighborhood.)
Also, peer-to-peer systems inherently tend to serve files from the end system,
rather than relaying them through server-like machines.  You don't want your
Napster gateway to have to cache all the tunes that everybody in the university
has on their machines; you'd like the outsider to be able to go directly,
unless you build some kind of pass-through.  On the other hand, Freenet looks like
it may do this somewhat well.

@_date: 2002-04-19 06:51:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Die, moron, die (was: Beware JobsOnloneine.com) 
The recent versions of Mozilla have an option to allow/disallow
windows popping up without your explicit requests.
Haven't seen an X10 popup since I started using it.
Worthwhile anyway.
Sometimes any lead is better than nothing.

@_date: 2002-04-11 09:02:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks April 13 2002 - Berkeley - Date 
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks April 2002 Physical Meeting Announcement
Sorry for the triskadekaphobia - Saturday is of course the 13th of April 2002.
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday 13 April 2002
TIME:   12:00 - 5:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:  Boalt Hall Rm. 140
         Bancroft & Piedmont
         Berkeley
This announcement is posted at or near Meetingpunks mailing list
  <- To Subscribe
It's also typically mailed to the cypherpunks list.

@_date: 2002-04-11 08:47:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks April 2002 - Berkeley - Physical 
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks April 2002 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday 12 April 2002
TIME:   12:00 - 5:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:  Boalt Hall Rm. 140
         Bancroft & Piedmont
         Berkeley
Agenda:    "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
As usual, this is an "Open Meeting on US Soil", and the public invited.
This meeting is being hosted by the ChillingEffects.org people.
The ChillingEffects Clearinghouse is a joint project of the EFF
and the Berkeley, Stanford, Harvard, and University of San Francisco law school clinics.
Jennifer Urban and Eddan Katz will be talking.
They've been doing a lot of work on issues like Anonymous Speech, DMCA other copyright issues, parody and fan fiction, domain names, and the "Help!  I just got a Cease and Desist Notice!" support and database.
Jennifer is on a fellowship from the Venture Law Group, where she practiced
intellectual property law, and is working on Chilling Effects and on Open Source Licensing.
Eddan is a third year law student and has worked at the clinic for three interned at EFF, and worked on briefs on some of the DMCA, 2600, and similar cases.
Agenda -
The ChillingEffects folks will be providing drinks and chips,
and will have a projector if you want to give a laptop presentation.
Dinner may spontaneously occur after the meeting,
and there are lots of restaurants a few blocks away.
Plans For Upcoming Meetings:
     * May - Berkeley - The IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy
     * Summer - 1-2 meetings - Peninsula?  Santa Cruz again?
Map and Aerial Photos: Several ways to get there:
BART - Go to Berkeley, walk South on Shattuck, East on Bancroft.
Driving From San Francisco:
Driving from the South:
Teleportation:  Lat: 37.8696 Lon: -122.2524
    If you get lost on the way, you can try calling:
      +1.415.307.7119 (Bill)
If you have questions, comments or last-minute agenda requests, please contact the
meeting organizers:
     Bill Stewart bill.stewart
     Dave Del Torto ddt
This announcement is posted at or near Meetingpunks mailing list
  <- To Subscribe
It's also typically mailed to the cypherpunks list.

@_date: 2002-04-11 07:09:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Tim's occasional .signature 
I've got three cats, and one of them very definitely is the alpha cat.
On the other hand, there's a T-shirt slogan that says
         "If you're not the lead dog, the view's always the same".
Cats just don't have that problem, even groups of cats that do have an alpha cat.

@_date: 2002-04-07 02:08:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: US troops wanted, dead or alive: InfoWar, PSYOPs 
They were paying for them wholesale, after the fact.
A flag, and occasionally a cemetary plot in Virginia if they want one,
and a lot of hype about how they were a heroic martyr for their country,
back when hype about being a heroic martyr was supposed to be positive.

@_date: 2002-04-03 10:03:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: re: Reputable E-Gold Funded Debit Cards? 
The NIC for Sao Tome is at  (a common pattern for resold-ccTLD It has FAQs about Sao Tome, as well as about its services:
         "Sco Tomi is one of the least well-known countries in the world."
 has the Official Tourist Site.
The Whois at  thinks that goldnow.st is registered to
someone with Australian contact information.
Traceroute has other opinions about the physical location of the server;
the hosting company that serves it has an address in Kentucky,
and it's about 10ms away from the AT&T St. Louis MO router,
which means that Kentucky is believable but not necessarily guaranteed,
and physical location in either Sao Tome or Australia aren't consistent
with the server's location, but that's unrelated to the owner's location.

@_date: 2002-04-02 02:47:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: network topology 
Your proposed network is really just a tree, from which you're
picking some nearby nodes to use to distribute queries to the nodes below them.
In practice, it's not substantially different from querying the root node.
(In fact it's about 99% identical.)
You're failing to recognize the hierarchy, but it's still there.
And since you're still proposing to forward queries to everybody in the tree,
whether directly or less directly, "your message may cost the net
hundreds if not thousands of dollars" to distribute,
and you'll have performance problems because you're constrained by the
slowest and least reliable links in the networks.
Supernode networks build hierarchies to avoid these problems.
A supernode connects to N regular nodes and summarizes their index information,
and normally there's some discovery mechanism to find a good nearby supernode, plus a
mechanism to make sure that supernodes have better bandwidth than leaf nodes.
Assuming that a query contains about as much information as a database index item*,
if the number of queries a leaf node makes exceeds the number of items in its database,
it wins by letting a supernode handle queries to its index.
More importantly, instead of the network carrying N queries on slow links,
it only needs to send one query to the supernode on a probably-faster reducing the delay time required for a successful or unsuccessful response.
In networks where the total bandwidth of the N leaf nodes exceeds the
capacity of the supernode (e.g. 100 56kb modems vs. a 1.5Mbps T1 or 384k DSL),
the effective bandwidth of the leaf nodes is even slower,
so the impact on delay time is even larger.  Since the index uploads
don't all happen simultaneously or on the critical path for queries,
unlike downward search requests, this oversubscription isn't a problem.
If the supernode summarizes duplicate responses intelligently,
it can also significantly reduce the traffic volume from popular items,
since it doesn't have to report *every* copy of that Metallica song.
There are still scale questions for supernode networks -
How big is N?  How many items does an average leaf node store?
How many index items can a supernode reasonably store?
How fast is a query - you don't want to thrash the supernode?
How fast do leaf nodes come and go on a given supernode?
How fast do index items change on a given leaf or supernode?
Should a leaf node index itself on multiple supernodes for reliability?
Should there also be super-supernodes to summarize the supernodes?
How do you set up a good balanced discovery process for supernodes?
A typical setup might have 100-byte index entries, 1000 items/node,
and 100 nodes/supernode giving about 10MB of index if all the items are unique,
or maybe 2-5MB if lots of items are duplicates and lots of names are short.
1000 nodes/supernode is 20-50-100MB, which is still not bad on a 5GB iPod.
* This isn't always strictly true, but it's pretty close.
Modem upstream is slower than modem downstream, but responses to
successful queries have to be transmitted upstream as well.

@_date: 2002-04-03 10:16:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Internet is dead (Was Re: Celsius 451 -the melting point of 
Doesn't take much in the way of code - most Windoze versions are
willing to let you tell them up to three DNS servers to use,
though sometimes on dialup connections you'll have to haggle with them
about whether to accept DNS server addresses from the dialup
instead of your dedicated ones.  That means that as long as you've
got some DNS server other than 127.0.0.1 to resolve queries for you,
you can simply point your PC there.

@_date: 2002-04-05 02:06:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: out of the box 
It was one of the lessons they taught you after
making sure that you really understood that
"if you can't see the fnords, they won't eat you"....

@_date: 2002-04-09 04:02:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: brilliancy 
Do you mean "How hard would it be to crack into Brilliant Digital's
servers before some other SKR1P7 K1DD13Z take it over"?
Or do you mean "Is that easier than cracking into Microsoft or Adobe or
M0Zilla or some other quasi-reputable company's distribution system?"?
Actually using it to upload PGPNet would probably be pretty hard -
it's no longer just Phil's ~200KB of badly-written MSDOS code,
it's now 5-10MB of bloatware (:-), and you can't distribute a few million
copies of a few megabytes to unsuspecting users without somebody noticing.
Also, leaving aside the "opportunistic encryption" issues,
which depend on having working secure inverse DNS for the FreeS/WAN flavor,
you can't depend on tunnels working through firewalls or NAT or other
arbitrary connections out there, so a lot of recipients wouldn't really
get to have it working for them, but it might break quite visibly -
especially for people who already have VPNs, and therefore usually have
corporate IT support or corporate security departments who'll notice it.
Better to just build a nice small ipsec client into a flashy MP3 player :-)

@_date: 2002-04-12 10:33:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Coins vs. bills 
I haven't read Paingod, but it was in one of the Ellison anthologies.
If not "Dangerous Visions", then perhaps "Again Dangerous Visions"...
Or perhaps the anthologies were titled differently in the UK?

@_date: 2002-04-12 06:43:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Coins vs. bills 
Oh, you can still keep all the cognitive dissonance you'd like.
Susan B. Anthony was one of the early US anti-abortion activists,
along with Victoria Woodhull and most of the other major feminists of the time.
Abortion let men escape from the responsibility for their actions....

@_date: 2002-04-12 16:51:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: overcoming ecash deployment problems (Re: all about 
Most of the telco business runs on 48V DC, and much of the
"off-the-grid" solar energy electric applications run fine on 12V DC.
The big advantages of AC are for motors.
Software patents have major problems with interfering with
authors by forcing them to identify relevant patents.
Even if the patent office actually had examiners skilled in the field
who had real understanding of prior art and didn't approve
bogus patents right and left, it's still impractical for the average
software author to wade through 5 million patents before writing a product,
especially since patents are deliberately written in patentese,
to maximize the potential scope of their claims while minimizing the
amount of actual information revealed in the patent.
You can't spend years of work just trying to tell if your latest
variation on an XOR cursor has already been patented,
especially if you're an amateur rather than a business.
There are obviously patents that are well-known, well-publicized,
and relatively clear in what they're covering, like RSA and Diffie-Hellman,
and the "metering problem" of how to pay for licensing was
quite serious for some of them (even for patents whose owners
didn't threaten to run you over in the parking lot :-)
and no problem for others (Tim's examples with microprocessors.)
But it's the patents that you didn't know when writing your application
about that can really cause you trouble -
some things like RSA are novel and hard to discover,
so if you're using them, you heard about them from the patent-holders,
but some like "automatically encrypt a filesystem" are likely to be reinvented,
and if you put your product out in the field and *then* find that
somebody else has a patent on it (or was in the process of applying for
the patent when you were doing your development) then they've got you
by the kneecaps.   In theory you can contest a patent that was
awarded for something that would be obvious to a skilled practitioner,
in addition to contesting patents on things that were prior art,
but a serious product may have dozens of critical features any one of which
could kill you, and if any of them was for something that's obvious enough
that you discovered it independently, you're in trouble.
In the current system, of course, it's much worse, because the
incompetence of the patent office means that they can't tell something that's
obvious to a skilled practitioner from something that's obvious to
an unskilled practitioner or only obvious to a few experts,
and their willingness to accept "business method" patents
means that there are all sorts of bogus patents on things like
"make money by putting catalogs on line and accepting credit cards"
or "do common-practice-X using *the Internet*" as well as
bogus patents on actual technology.

@_date: 2002-04-12 06:57:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: overcoming ecash deployment problems (Re: all about 
I rather like the use of credit cards in Nethack, myself :-)
You could do Everquest currency in e-cash.
The convenience of payee-anonymous e-cash in facilitating kidnapping
might fit in well...  on the other hand, loan sharking probably works
at least as well with "real" platinum instead of e-platinum...

@_date: 2002-04-26 07:41:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Two ideas for random number generation 
I've been thinking about a somewhat different but related problem lately,
which is encrypted disk drives.  You could encrypt each block of the disk
with a block cypher using the same key (presumably in CBC or some similar but that just feels weak.  So you need some kind of generator of
pretty-random-looking keys so that each block of the disk gets a different key,
or at the very least a different IV for each block of the disk,
so in some sense that's a PRNG.  (You definitely need a different key for each
block if you're using RC4, but that's only usable for Write-Once media, i.e. boring.)
Obviously you need repeatability, so you can't use a real random number I've been thinking that Counter Mode AES sounds good, since it's easy
to find the key for a specific block.   Would it be good enough just to use
         Hash( (Hash(Key, block# ))
or some similar function instead of a more conventional crypto function?

@_date: 2002-04-26 08:16:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Lucky's 1024-bit post [was: RE: objectivity and factoring 
*Something* has to be the weakest link; calls for balance really come down to
"If Algorithm A is already the stronger part of the system,
why should I waste extra time/work strengthening it instead of Algorithm B?".
It doesn't hurt to make parts of the system stronger than necessary,
unless there are other costs like limiting the sizes of the other keys
that can fit in a UDP packet or whatever.   And making the AES algorithm
use longer-than-needed keys gives you some extra insurance against
mathematical breakthroughs or other sorts of discovered weaknesses.
The important issue about whether you can use X-bit block cyphers with
Y-bit public-key cyphers is whether Y bits of PK can give you X good key bits.
For Diffie-Hellman, the conventional wisdom seems to be that
Y bits of public key gives you Y/2 bits of usable keying material,
which means that 1024-bit DH is good enough for 256-bit AES.
For RSA, I think you can protect almost up to pubkeylength bits of message,
since the key generation happens separately from the public-key parts,
but you're definitely into overkill range.
So the question falls back to "Is 1024 bits long enough?".

@_date: 2002-04-29 09:16:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: disk encryption modes 
At least it's big enough to prevent searches through the space.
But it not only requires managing the extra key-file (which could be pretty and needs to be kept somewhere, apparently not in the same file system),
it potentially requires two disk reads per block instead of just one,
which is a major performance hit unless you're good at predictive caching,
and more seriously it requires two writes that both succeed.
If you write the key first and don't write out the block,
you can't decrypt the old block that was there, while if you write the block first
and don't succeed in writing the key, you can't decrypt the new block.
This makes depending on caching writes much more difficult - it's already one of the
things that helps make systems fast and either reliable or unreliable,
and you've made it tougher as well as requiring two disk spins.
You can get some relief using non-volatile memory (the way the Legato did for NFS acceleration - first cache the write in battery-backed RAM,
send your ACK, and then write the block out to disk), but that's hardwary.
It's cute, though...

@_date: 2002-04-28 18:11:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Transparent disk encryption coming this year [was:RE: disk 
Geom looks really exciting, not so much for the crypto as for the
flexibility it provides for things like RAID.
On the other hand, it turns out that SuSe has had file system encryption
since 7.2, and it's a supported feature in their 8.x business-priced release.
(It's available without paying for the business version,
you just don't get support.)  It's using loopback filesystems,
which some people here seem to think are great and others think are bad...
It currently supports only twofish, which is not a bad choice.
The HowTo doesn't say whether or not their crypto filesystem supports swap,
though obviously since you have to input a password to mount the filesystem,
you'd need to have some kind of user interface running before mounting the which may be a problem.  It'd be interesting to try hacking around this,
since swap doesn't need a password from a user - it just needs a random to use consistently for an entire session, and if it's lost between reboots,
that just means you need to make a new swap filesystem on the partition each time.

@_date: 2002-05-31 09:12:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: F.B.I. Given Broad Authority to Monitor the Public 
Maybe I'm missing something fundamental here, but where does
either Ashcroft or Bush have the ability to give the FBI any authority?
The Constitution can give the executive branch authority for things,
or Congress can legislate authority if it's Constitutional,
or the courts can rule that existing statutory or Constitutional
authority extends to some use the executive branch wants to make of it,
or the Commander In Chief can tell the military to do military things
authorized by Congress under declarations of war or other statutes,
but that's not what the politicians and their pet press agencies are saying.
If Ashcroft wants his underlings to monitor the internet,
TCP/IP will let him do lots of things, and Bugs will let him do more,
but if he needs cooperation from ISPs or other online service or
content providers, his choices are either subpoenas or extortion.
And if he wants them to investigate churches, I'd recommend that he
first try being as fundamentalist about the Constitution as he is
about his personal religious views, and see if that leaves him any room
for bothering them.
Which AP was that again, and how long have they been online?  :-)

@_date: 2002-05-15 06:58:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Spook speaking at Xerox PARC 5/16 - Gilman Louie, In-Q-Tel 
Gilman Louie, CEO of In-Q-Tel, will be speaking at PARC on Thursday afternoon.
PARC runs a nice series of lectures on mostly scientific topics;
feels like the Friday afternoon talks at Bell Labs back when
there was still a Bell Labs.
 >To: openparcforum
 >Subject: PARC Forum this Thursday: Gilman Louie
 >Date: Mon, 13 May 2002 08:59:53 PDT
 >
 >Palo Alto Research Center (PARC)
 >invites you to the PARC Forum
 >on Thursday, May 16, 2002 from 4:00 - 5:00 PM.
 >
 >This Forum is open to the public, free parking, handicapped
 >accessible, with limited seating on a first-come first-served basis.
 >For more information about the PARC Forum,
 >including directions, see the bottom of this message or
 >
 >-----------------------------------------------------------
 >
 >PARC Forum
 >  --------
 >
 >"TECHNOLOGY OPPORTUNITIES FOR HOMELAND SECURITY"
 >
 >Gilman Louie, CEO
 >In-Q-Tel
 >Thursday, May 16, 2002
 >4:00-5:00 PM
 >George E. Pake Auditorium, PARC
 >-----------------------------------------------------------
 >
 >ABSTRACT:
 >
 >In-Q-Tel is a private enterprise funded by the CIA. It's mission is to
 >invest in
 >cutting-edge information technologies that serve United States national
 >security interests.
 >This talk will discuss exciting new developments in technology that have
 >the potential to
 >make a strategic impact on the business of intelligence.
 >-----------------------------------------------------------
 >
 >BIOGRAPHY:
 >
 >Gilman Louie is a pioneer in the interactive entertainment industry. His
 >successes have
 >included the Falcon, F-16 flight simulator, and Tetris, which he brought
 >over from the
 >Soviet Union. More recently, Gilman served as Hasbro Interactive's Chief
 >Creative Officer.
 >Prior to Hasbro, Gilman served as CEO at several corporations, including
 >Spectrum HoloByte,
 >Sphere, Inc., Nexa Corporation, and Microprose, Inc.
 >-----------------------------------------------------------
 >
 >NEXT PARC FORUM:
 >
 >4:00 PM Thursday, May 23, 2002:
 >TBD
 >-----------------------------------------------------------
 >
 >ABOUT THE PARC FORUM:
 >
 >PARC is located at 3333 Coyote Hill Road in Palo Alto. A
 >road map is available at  and
 >written driving directions are available at
 > Forum attendees may park
 >anywhere in the lot. The George E. Pake Auditorium is to
 >the left of the main entrance, which is adjacent to the
 >upper parking lot (look for the flagpole). More information
 >about the PARC Forum can be found at  >
 >The first PARC Forum was held in September 1977, beginning
 >a tradition that has endured for almost a quarter of a
 >century. Speakers include leaders in the worlds of the
 >arts, sciences, education and politics. Topics have
 >included "The Origin, Diversification, and Dispersal of
 >Language," "Planetary Mayhem," and "The Making of Toy
 >Story." Many of the presentations from 1999 forward are
 >available at  through our
 >partnership with the Multi-University Research Laboratory.

@_date: 2002-05-10 01:46:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bay Area Cypherpunks - Claremont Hotel, Saturday May 11, 2002, 
See for San Francisco and other Cypherpunks announcements.
Because of mailing list problems, I'm sending this to the cryptography list
as well as meetingpunks and cypherpunks; sorry about any duplications.

@_date: 2002-05-05 20:19:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Spam and Porn from EINSTEIN 
Yes - that's a job for client-side filters, not server-side,
and it also breaks mail from remailers.
Also, some days, perhaps nobody but Choate had anything to say :-)
so percentage-of-total rules aren't very good.
Genuine human filtering can do better, if that's what you want,
but I don't think anybody's still running a best-of-cypherpunks list
(maybe Sunder, who forwarded an average of ~10% of the total postings.)
Different individuals have different preferences for what they want to see -
some people may want 0 Choategrams, some may want all of them,
some may want 20%, but have different opinions about which 20%.
Eric's LNE.com moderation, which whitelists subscribers and other
well-known posters, and does human-based filtering on mail from unknowns,
works pretty well for me.  It still lets [annoying Australian ranter] through,
which is easily fixed by Eudora filters,
and lets real and forged Choategrams through (it'd be nice if the forgeries
were easily blocked, but they're not, and mail clients can easily throw away
all of his material if you want, or all of his Slashdot forwards or whatever.)

@_date: 2002-05-05 20:26:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: EINSTEIN 
Also, one redeeming factor of Choate's reluctance to bother writing summaries
of the articles he's sending URLs for is that his messages are really short -
usually just an URL and a few lines of signature block.
So you're not downloading much, unlike Matt The Ranter's messages.

@_date: 2002-05-12 23:19:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: More weirdness from Choate Prime 
The price of goods for which credit card payments are common
adjusts to a level that reflects the cost of the payment system.
For the most part, the credit card companies require the merchant to
hide the credit card charges in the purchase price, so buyers pay part of it
whether they're using the card or not, though sometimes merchants
make the fee explicit and charge less for paying in cash.
Whether you look at these payments as coming out of the merchant's profit in the long run, it comes out of the buyer's pocket, just as the cost of the
bricks and mortar or website that the store operates from does.

@_date: 2002-05-22 20:42:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: NAI pulls out the DMCA stick 
-----BEGIN PGP UNSIGNED MESSAGE----
NAI is trying to sell off the remains of PGP Inc., and rather than try to
get money for a twisted empty shell of a dot-com-era software company,
they're probably hoping to have a less-empty shell by maximizing the
remaining value of "their" "intellectual property".
So yes, it's in Bob's second category of history. :-)
-----BEGIN PGP UNSIGNED MESSAGE----

@_date: 2002-05-30 07:37:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
If you don't see the fnords, they won't eat you....
         (ok, that's more of a cypherpunks remark :-)
Watermarked background music as recording prevention, billboards and
buttons with watermarks on them for digital camera repellent,
all pretty unlikely to actually work,
but that doesn't mean that laws won't imply that they must.
"These aren't the cypherpunks you're looking for..."

@_date: 2002-05-30 07:32:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: sources on steganography 
Peter Wayner has a few books that deal with this and related topics.
Search for them on Amazon or wherever.

@_date: 2002-06-29 02:12:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Brin 
Bob - I'm not sure if you copied David separately/Bcc on your reply,
and I've dropped Cc:s to some of your lists that I'm not on,
and I missed your original message that David flamed you for
which you're flaming back about, but....
Perhaps I've missed some really critical things the time or two
that I've read "The Transparent Society", or projected too much
liberarian hype into my reading, but to me the big points were
- Moore's Law, etc., will make networked cameras so appallingly cheap
         that that they'll be pretty much universal.  It'll do it to other
         information technologies as well, but the public has an easier time
         understanding what a camera means than a database, so that's the
         one to focus on when you're writing popular science.
- Usual digressions into what Moore's Law and cheap and universal mean,
         and some implications about the realism of expecations of privacy
         that need to be said slowly for people who haven't spent years
         talking about geodesic economies and therefore don't get it (:-)
- Lots of people will be watching you on cameras, either because they
         feel like it, or because they're watching something else
         and it's too much trouble to not watch you at the same time.
         And you'll be watching lots of people or things, for similar reasons,
         and realistically there's not much that'll stop it.
- The government will be watching you, like it or not.
         Brin spends a while discussing the issue of whether we should
         try to stop them from doing so through legislation,
         but basically views it as a lost cause for economic reasons,
         and all the related reasons of power, convenience, control, etc.
         (I don't remember how much time he spent on the "even if they ban
         government from watching you most of the time, they'll always
         give themselves exemptions even if they bother following the rules,
         so just get used to it" issue, but it was there.  Video's too cheap.)
- We might be watching the government, or we might not,
         and the government are the only major group that can easily
         make it hard to watch them, because they can throw you in jail
         if you get in their face, and they've got enough control over
         their actions to make it difficult to watch them.
         THIS IS WHERE WE NEED TO FOCUS AS CITIZENS, because if you don't
         force them to do their work in the sunshine, they won't,
         and because getting them not to watch you is a lost cause.
- Cypherpunks technologies are mostly a lost cause, because
         Bad Guys (mainly the government) will use them to do their bad          whereas they can put cameras in your ceiling to watch you type your passwords,
         hide bugs under your bed (next to the Communists) to listen to the
         conversations you're having on your EnCryptoPhone, etc.
         Making sure the government is maximally watchable is more important,
         and if you say you're allowed to hide your actions,
         they'll make sure they're allowed to hide theirs,
         and they're better at this organized coercion thing than you are.
Perhaps I'm putting words in Brin's mouth, especially about the latter,
but it has seemed to have been the major bone of contention
between Brin and various Cypherpunks.  Meanwhile, Big Brother *is*
increasingly watching us, even if in GeodesicWorld nobody else
has bothered paying enough to watch hi-res videos of most of us very often,
and BB is trying very hard to make himself much less accountable,
because if we can see where George is, we can question him,
and if that happens, the Terrorists Have Won...
         (Meanwhile, the Bush Administration has been promising
         heavy scrutiny of the Worldcom Debacle, if nothing else because
         they're so pleased to have dishonesty from somebody who's
         not in the Oil Business or Military-Industrial Complex for a change.)

@_date: 2002-06-28 16:53:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
That's especially tacky, considering that NTT bought Verio which
had bought Best which had bought The Little Garden which was the
businessified version of The Little Garden internet co-op which
John Gilmore and Hugh Daniel helped found....

@_date: 2002-06-09 22:22:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Entertaining Entrapment Email Effort 
Vitas - I hope you're enjoying your stay at the Millenium & Copthorne Hotels,
where you're using the internet service.
You can find all the cracking tools you need for Jane's at 128.11.100.130 and 167.216.248.42.

@_date: 2002-06-28 16:51:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
[more examples of expensiveness deleted; fibre channel, etc.]
You're not making appropriate technology choices,
so your costs are off by a factor of 5-10.
IDE is just fine, especially in RAID configurations,
because if you're making a scalable system, you can use as many spindles
as you need, and you don't need to run fully mirrored systems - RAID5 is fine.
Almost any technology you get can run 5MB/sec, which is T3 speeds,
so that RAID5 system can keep up with an OC3 with no problem.
Disk drive prices here in the US are about $1/GB for IDE.
The problem is that's about 200 seconds of T3 time, so your 5 100GB drives
will last about a day before you take them offline for tape backup.
The real constraints become how fast you can copy to tape,
i.e. how many tape drives you need to buy, and what fraction of data you keep.
If it's 1%, you can afford it - adding $5/day = $150/month per T3 is just Keeping 10% of the bits - $50/day = $1500/month/T3 -
is a non-trivial fraction of your cost, so you have to go for tape.
Fibre channels are useful for cutting-edge databases on mainframes,
and have the entertaining property that they can go 10-20km,
so you've got more choices for offsite backup, but GigE is fine here.
Make sure you also keep a couple of legacy media devices so you can
give the government the records they want in FIPS-specified formats,
such as Hollerith cards and 9-track tape.....

@_date: 2002-06-28 16:51:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
[more examples of expensiveness deleted; fibre channel, etc.]
You're not making appropriate technology choices,
so your costs are off by a factor of 5-10.
IDE is just fine, especially in RAID configurations,
because if you're making a scalable system, you can use as many spindles
as you need, and you don't need to run fully mirrored systems - RAID5 is fine.
Almost any technology you get can run 5MB/sec, which is T3 speeds,
so that RAID5 system can keep up with an OC3 with no problem.
Disk drive prices here in the US are about $1/GB for IDE.
The problem is that's about 200 seconds of T3 time, so your 5 100GB drives
will last about a day before you take them offline for tape backup.
The real constraints become how fast you can copy to tape,
i.e. how many tape drives you need to buy, and what fraction of data you keep.
If it's 1%, you can afford it - adding $5/day = $150/month per T3 is just Keeping 10% of the bits - $50/day = $1500/month/T3 -
is a non-trivial fraction of your cost, so you have to go for tape.
Fibre channels are useful for cutting-edge databases on mainframes,
and have the entertaining property that they can go 10-20km,
so you've got more choices for offsite backup, but GigE is fine here.
Make sure you also keep a couple of legacy media devices so you can
give the government the records they want in FIPS-specified formats,
such as Hollerith cards and 9-track tape.....

@_date: 2002-06-22 23:29:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: CP meet at H2K2? 
Several people said yes...
You're hereby designated as the
         "Official San Francisco Bay Area Cpunks-Meeting-in-Exile" :-)

@_date: 2002-06-26 08:09:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: "Terror Reading" 
It's been almost ten years since I was in the Keyport NJ library,
but I'd be surprised if they've computerized their recordkeeping.
If you wanted to see who'd checked out a given book
that was on the shelf, you'd look at the card in the back and
see the library card numbers of the people who'd checked it out,
and they might have had dates as well.  To find which 3 or 4 digit number
corresponded to which person, it'd depend on whether they took their
library card home with them the last time they'd returned books
or left it at the library (mine might still be there?),
and if they currently had books out, it was definitely at the library.
If they took the card home, they had privacy, though the librarian
often did know her regular customers by sight.
They might have computer records for books they got on interlibrary loan,
but that'd be about it - no sense in spending money on computerizing
when old-fashioned card catalogs worked well enough for the speed at
which they acquired books.
On the other hand, any place that does computerize finds it almost as easy
to keep records permanently as not, and it's certainly easier to centralize
records and make them searchable.

@_date: 2002-07-23 08:43:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Do we need a national ID plan? 
Of course it would.  That's why we'll probably never have a
National ID Card - we'll just have a driver's license that's
technically enhanced with personal data and biometrics
and forgery resistance and gets used for everything that a
national ID card would be used for if we had such things
(except that kids won't be required to carry them,
unless they want to drive, drink, go to government schools,
or be out after dark, and we'll probably see increased use of
Student ID Cards with pictures, SSNs, and biometrica.)

@_date: 2002-07-19 01:29:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Another restriction on technology - cell and cordless 
The laws that established the FCC were just laws -
they're not Supreme Court decisions that are hard to change.
Congress made them, Congress can unmake them, change them, or
replace them with totally different laws.
They're not engraved in stone requiring Constitutional Amendments to fix -
they're written in sand, and if the wind blows the other direction
and 51% of Congress wants to change them, they're changed.
The FCC has limitations on how much *they* can change basic structures
set out in the laws, but the laws give them a lot of flexibility too.
The real stability is that the current regulatory structure
gives big economic advantages to the entrenched players,
so they're going to resist changes that stop favoring them,
while the regulatory bureaucracy gets a lot of power and influence
from giving favors to the big players, so they don't rock the boat either.
Nobody's had a good enough case, and the lawmakers have tended to go along
with the FCC on things like laws against monitoring unencrypted cellphones
(the alternative would have been removing laws and policies that
banned or discouraged encrypted cellphones,
which they didn't want back then, because Commies might use them
or the FBI might have trouble wiretapping cell phones without
getting proper warrants.)
It was a terrible policy and we've suffered from it ever since*.
It's led to the current media oligopolies, with a narrow spectrum
of opinions from the pro-establishment pro-government corporatists,
pernicious policies of political correctness that, while not as
strict today as they were in the 50s, still strongly limit the
kinds of content you see on TV - and all of these were the kinds of things
that the policies were *intended* to do.
Unintended effects of the policies include decades of
restricted access to telecommunications in rural areas
(because the FCC's radio monopolies prevented development
of economical scalable radio-based telephony, which fit just fine with the
FCC's support for wireline telco monopolies.)  This also delayed
practical mobile technology for a decade or two.
Look at the explosion of interest in 802.11 wireless as an example
of what happens when you've got even a small space available
to use by the public rather than the bureaucracy and its friends.
Dave Farber and Gerry Faulhaber have a bunch of papers and a presentation at
There's further discussion at
and a long nice article from the Seattle Times at
The 1934 policies took spectrum that was a commons available to everyone,
seized and nationalized it in the name of "the public", and
turned it into a tool for political patronage.   Competition for use
of the spectrum worked fairly well before that, and it wasn't just
because of the primitive state of technology - Italy did without
radio spectrum licensing through most of the 80s and 90s
(they had an official bureaucracy, but it's greed was exceeded by
its incompetence, so the radio broadcasters started to just ignore it;
this lasted until right-wing media magnate Berlisconi became prime minister.)
Farber and Faulhaber point out that the regulatory environment is
incompetent, inefficient, and unnecessary, and make a good comparison
to the old Soviet GOSPLAN economic central planners;
they argue as engineers as well as economists.
While I disagree with their recommendations (big-bang auction of the
whole spectrum, and let the government bid on some space for unlicensed it couldn't be much worse than the current system.
* In David Brin's recent speech at the Libertarian Party National Convention,
he reminded us all that "FDR was 60 years ago - get over it!" :-)

@_date: 2002-07-07 20:41:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Protection of Ideas 
We also have that in the US, these daya particularly with artists whose medium is television, and in the past lots of WPA stuff, often on gov't The National Endowment for the Arts subsidizes a range of works from
deep, emotionally complex performance art by Karen Finlay to Jesse Helms's black-velvet paintings of Elvis :-)
That's the case today - see Courtney Love's rants.
90% of the artists in the record business don't make money today,
or at least not for more than a couple years of obscurity with
an occasional 15 minutes of fame.  This is somewhat related to the
problem that 90% of everything is crap, but unfortunately there's
not always a close correlation between the two 90%s. :-)
A century ago, music was largely an individual, family, or
social activity, with most paid performers receiving payments for
live performances in front of audiences, though sound recordings and
player pianos were starting to emerge and commercial sheet music
had been around since about the 1840s.  The transformation of their work
from performing live into preparing packaged goods for mass distribution
is a relatively recent thing, and much of it dates from about the 50s
and the adoption of the transistor radio.  Some of it's also the
emergence of CDs as a durable product (since playing vinyl
records is a fundamentally destructive process.)
Feh.  They've already taxed us heavily for decades, not in money but in kind,
by nationalizing the airwaves and parceling them out to the politically There used to be a lot of this - we called it community theater,
and it's still thriving in the socialist community I grew up near.
In the rest of the country, too many people stopped doing that
when they got television.
I agree, and I'd also say that using anti-trust arm-twisting to
forbid Microsoft from bullying manufacturers into implement it
is *also* not a legitimate function of a minimal government.

@_date: 2002-07-07 20:04:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: maximize best case, worst case, or average case? (TCPA) 
At or about 09:22 AM 07/04/2002 -0700, jamesd replied thusly:
The point was more that the programs were trivial and short,
and Perl was used because it's good for writing short unreadable programs.
There were also LISP implementations in about four lines,
though I don't think anybody got them down to three or two -
but they were much more readable, being basically straightforward
mathematical notations wrapped in lots of parentheses.
However, good crypto and compact Perl both have the advantage that it's
hard to distinguish them from line noise, and thus it's hard to
detect either one....

@_date: 2002-07-06 21:49:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: mount filesystem and run a program when hotplugged 
I don't know how to do that, though it certainly sounds like an
invitation for viruses to migrate around on USB keyring sticks.
Is there CDROM autorun code that runs on Linux that could be adapted?

@_date: 2002-07-06 21:36:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Revenge of the WAVEoids: Palladium Clues May Lie In AMD 
Compared to the cost of rewriting Windows to have a infrastructure
that can support real security?  Maybe, but I'm inclined to doubt it,
especially since most of the functions that an off-CPU security
co-processor can successfully perform are low enough performance that
they could be done on a PCI or PCMCIA card, without requiring motherboard I suppose the interesting exception might be playing video,
depending on how you separate functions.
(Obviously the extent of redesign is likely to be much smaller in the
NT-derived Windows versions than the legacy Windows3.1 derivatives that
MS keeps foisting upon consumers.  Perhaps XP Amateur is close enough to
a real operating system for the kernel to be fixable?)

@_date: 2002-07-06 21:20:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Jonathan Zittrain on data retention, an "awful idea" 
Sigh.  Back when the US Feds were still trying to push Key Escrow on the
National Information Infrastructure, I started research for an April 1 RFC
for the National Information Infrastructure Data Entry Escrow Protocol, and proposed NIIDEEP Information Network Protocol Implementation Government
Standard, NIIDEEPINPIGS.  (Didn't get it finished by April 1 :-)
Because after all, there's no sense escrowing our crypto keys if you
don't also escrow the cyphertext - some of Eric Hughes's talks on
Message Escrow and Data Retention Policies were excellent explanations
of why those was the critical issues.
If the US Feds and Eurocrats would like us to provide them with all of our the existing internet would need to double in size to transport all of it
to the appropriate government data storage facilities, or more than double
if separate copies need to be provided to multiple national governments,
or much more if local governments such as city trade commissions need copies.
Since this is clearly unrealistic, even with the demise of the E-Bone,
transmission will require the use of off-line data transmission technology.
Waiting for approval of new government standards would take too long, and
lose access to valuable data because of the resulting delay of several years,
but there are several existing standards for data storage that can be applies.
My long-lost research had the FIPS (US Federal Information Processing references for several of them, but the current environment requires
the corresponding European standards as well, and I'll need assistance.
But there's also been progress!  RFC 1149 (Avian Carriers) has been though scalable implementation and dual-source requirements may require
genetic reconstruction of the Passenger Pigeon to supplement current carrier species.
Modular methods uses standard data storage formats and separate transmission.
Standards widely supported in the US include Hollerith cards,
1600 bpi 9-track tapes with EBCDIC character sets and fixed block sizes and and ASCII-format punch tape (with country-specific standards for recycled paper content.)
8-inch floppy disks have also been widely used, and support both
CP/M and RT11 file system formats.
Are there corresponding European standards for data storage?
Transmission methods for data storage media include International
Postal Union standards for link layer and addressing formats and pricing,
though I'm not directly familiar with standards for shipping containers
where data encapsulation is required.
                 Thanks;  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart

@_date: 2002-07-06 19:37:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cracking Dead People's Passwords 
One of the usual arguments for key escrow was always
"what if your employee dies and you can't get his data?"
Secret Sharing techniques are of course a better approach,
or at least storing sealed envelopes in company safes
as a much better approach than pre-broken crypto.
There've been a couple of stories in the press recently
where weak passwords also solved the problem.
One was a radio piece, I think NPR, about one of the companies
in the World Trade Center who'd lost their computer administrators
in the 9/11 attacks.  The remaining employees got together and
started telling stories about their co-workers - their interests,
their family members, where they'd gone on vacation, their dogs' names, etc.
They got most of the passwords.  (It was a piece about modern management
styles, and how in older hierarchical companies there'd be fewer
people who knew the new employees well enough to do that.)
The other was about the loss of the database of the personal
library collection of one of the main linguists studying one of
the two main Norwegian dialects.   It's now been cracked...
RISKS-FORUM Digest 22.13
  After the password for accessing a Norwegian history museum's database
catalog for 11,000 books and manuscripts had been lost when the database's
steward died, the museum established a competition to recover it.  Joachim
Eriksson, a Swedish game company programmer, won the race to discover the
password (ladepujd, the reverse of the name of the researcher who had
created the database).  How he arrived at it was not disclosed.  [Source:
Long-lost password discovered: Norwegian history database cracked with help
from the Web, By Robert Lemos, MSNBC, 11 Jun 2002; PGN-ed]
Lillie Coney, Public Policy Coordinator, U.S. Association for Computing
Machinery Suite 510 2120 L Street, NW Washington, D.C. 20037 1-202-478-6124

@_date: 2002-07-06 06:20:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: We have always been at war with Oceania 
The Indianapolis Star newspaper ran the NYTimes version of this story
with the headline "Drug Peddling Pilots May Get Wings Clipped".
I was assuming it would be about revoking their pilots' licenses
or confiscating their airplanes, but no, it was about
shooting them down and machine-gunning any fleeing passengers,
like they did to the Baptist missionary and her baby last year.
Under Fujimori's dictatorship in Peru, they claim to have shot down
about 25 planes, and some politician made a highly-pleased-with-himself
statement about how it's really discouraged traffickers.
There may be True Believers on the pro-terrorist side,
but cocainistas are in it for money, not ideology -
they're happy to blow up the occasional judge, but they're smart enough
not to try going toe-to-toe with the US military in a shooting war.

@_date: 2002-07-06 22:59:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
You may not be able to read an Adobe\(tm Brand E-Book\(tm,
but that just means you'll need to buy electronic books from
publishers that don't use that data format - whether it's
raw ascii text or Palm-formatted text or PalmOS DRMware that
you can also view on your PC using an emulator in glorious 160x160-pixel format :-)
Of course, if your PC's home country of Nauru has Software Police
implementing some local equivalent of the DMCA, that emulator
that you need for debugging may be illegal.

@_date: 2002-07-04 05:54:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Ross's TCPA paper 
It can?  I thought that DMA was there to let you avoid
bothering the CPU.  The Alternate NIC card would need to have a
CPU of its own to do a good job of this, but that's not hard.
There's also the difficulty that, while it might be good at DRM,
it might or might not be good at letting users write programs
that are good at security.  It's certainly never been a Microsoft specialty.

@_date: 2002-07-10 17:11:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: "to outlaw general purpose computers" 
The big issue tends to be memory rather than CPU speed -
while Linux isn't quite the bloatware that Windows is,
you *really* don't want to run GNOME with the default window manager
on a P66 with 16MB RAM.  Trust me, you don't :-)
Works just fine with TWM or other lightweight window managers.
You also wouldn't want to run current IE / Netscape 6 on it,
though Netscape 4.7x worked fast enough.
If your box can support current PC100 / PC133 SIMMs, you can probably
upgrade it with enough memory to run the newer applications ok,
but the generation of machines with Fast Page Mode 72-pin memory
tends to be limited to 32MB or sometimes less, and 386s tend to be 8MB.

@_date: 2002-07-06 17:16:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Smart ID Cards Planned for Sailors to Spot Terrorists 
Bob - This isn't really cryptography-related, and I can't post to DCSB,
but this does seem like Cypherpunks material.
What an outrageous proposal!   Can't sail without some government
fingerprinting you, laser-scanning your eyes, and
throwing you in a huge database?  .
I'd expect the ILO to be socialist - they are a big union after all -
but I wouldn't expect them to be totalitarians.
Sure, it's a way to create a harder-to-avoid union card,
and a way for their biggest customers to be forced to hire their people
by using government pressure to enforce it.  It's also a surveillance
mechanism to let management keep track of sailors they dislike,
prevent politically incorrect people from getting jobs as sailors,
give governments additional control over sailors in port,
private sailors, and refugees who can't afford to travel on airplanes,
and gives large governments an increased excuse to interfere with
high-seas traffic between other countries under the pretense of
checking whether all the sailors are documented.
 From a technology perspective, the interesting paragraph is
         The plans have drawn criticism from seafarer's groups
         concerned that port authorities may insert information in
         so-called ``smart'' identification
         documents without the cardholder's knowledge.
Sure, smart cards with non-user-viewable data can easily have
extra data in them saying the user is a "Communist" or "union organizer"
or did scab labor or is a Muslim or a Jew or a Rastafarian.
And it's easy for port authorities to send copies of sailors' photos
to their local police in case they're wandering around town.
But with the Internet reaching everywhere, either by wire or satellite,
the information doesn't need to be hidden in the card.
The card says that you're "Sailor  so they can look you up
on any website they want - not just the ILO's "paid their union dues"
database, and Interpol's "Never been caught smoking dope" database,
and the shipping companies' "Not a union troublemaker" database",
and the "originally from _this_ country even though they're now American" and Blacknet's databases on "gets in Bar Fights" and "scab laborers".
                         Bill Stewart

@_date: 2002-07-08 04:30:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Closed source more secure than open source 
I don't know where *you* develop software, but anywhere I've been or seen
that had QA engineers signing off on non-functional products would
either lead to serious re-education for the engineers or
an internal understanding that the company values ship dates above
capabilities (not that that's unknown in the industry,
and admittedly closed-source development shops are more likely
to have business models that emphasize shipping, but Darwin fixes them.)
One of the purposes of having QA people work without source
is so that they're actually testing documented functions of the product,
rather than testing what the code looks like it can do successfully.
Except for those products that are code designed to be integrated
into other programs, where actual code matters, that modularity is critical.
You test the interfaces, not the innards.  It's still an infinite problem,
but it's much less infinite, and lets you hit what you need.
If the interfaces don't work, you're supposed to figure that out,
though sometimes late-alpha code is known to be missing major pieces --
you usually work around this by writing lots of test drivers.
You're also supposed to find out if there are missing pieces that
somehow escaped the design phase.
White-box testing lets you go beyond that to find subtle nasty bugs
that escaped unit testing and developer code reviews,
and have a better view into holes in the system
that a malicious attacker can break.  It's important for security,
because there are often things you don't find during black-box testing.
A much more serious problem is coders and testers believing that the
design documentation they're working from, if any, reflects what the
system is supposed to do and what it's supposed to not do.
In commercial code with internal testers, you're not supposed to need this.
Obviously, for community-tested code, duplication in code coverage is common,
and one challenge for the open-source business is finding ways to
improve test coverage in volunteer testing, by adding some kind of

@_date: 2002-08-26 18:08:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Welcome to Amerika: precrime squads 
Sounds like libel to me.
So there's a published list, even if it's only published to cops,
saying "This person is likely to commit a crime".
Leave aside the obvious civil liberties issues for the moment -
this seems like simple libel to me.  At least for the Usual Suspects
who haven't yet been arrested for things, this doesn't sound like
investigation of a crime or other legitimate police function that's
protected by laws protecting government officials doing their official jobs.
Of course, most of the people on the list probably don't have the
resources to fight that kind of libel suit, but it'd be fun to get
the ACLU or some other pro bono support for it.

@_date: 2002-08-22 00:45:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Pizza with a credit card 
Nah - buying delivered pizza with cash is obviously indicates money laundering
to hide cash from drug transactions...   Especially if the recording of your
call starts out "like, wow, man, we'd like some pizza.  Yeah, pizza!
Oh, wait, what do we want on it?   Shrooms and pepperoni?
and like Everything but the little fishies, man!"
New Jersey's Pizza Connection case a few years ago busted a dozen or so
pizza shops for delivering other products as well as pizza,
primarily heroin.

@_date: 2002-08-21 06:54:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Seth on TCPA at Defcon/Usenix 
The canonical timestamping system was Haber & Stornetta's work at
Bellcore, commercialized at Surety.com.  The site is current,
has some Digital Notary Service and Secure Email things on it,
and something much more amazing - it looks like they received
$7M in financing in June :-)
There's a nice collection of pointers to timestamping systems at
though I don't know how current the references are -
the page was last updated 14.8.2002.
The free PGP-based system has a news item from 04-Jun-02, which comments that,
although they haven't posted any news items in five years,
they've been in continuous operation....

@_date: 2002-08-20 07:12:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: get me the fuck out of oz 
Click your heels together three times and say "There's No Place Like Home"
and you'll be back in bed in Kansas.  And yer little dog, too....

@_date: 2002-08-15 19:59:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fw: Bay Area SDF SECURITY EVENTS ANNOUNCEMENT 
We've missed the first Nightwatch\\\\\\\\ SF Bay InfraGard meeting :-)
But there are other things here as well.
 FutureNet (2002)  Inside Business Incubators & Corporate Ventures (2001)  Dot-com Success!
Surviving the Fallout & Consolidation (2000)  Sand Dreams & Silicon Orchards (2000)
Cofounder WiWoWo (Wild Women of Wonder): Recent BBC interviews: "It is better to die standing, than to live on your knees"  -Dolores Ibarruri, Spanish Revolutionary

@_date: 2002-08-09 07:36:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Bay area to begin massive tracking of FasTrak commuters [ or 
The Fastrak system used for toll collections in San Francisco
and other areas has found another use - monitoring traffic flow on freeways
by tracking suckers\\\\\\\customers' cars when they're *not* in tollbooths.
The system managers purport that they'll protect privacy by
destroying any individually identifiable data after a day,
and also keeping personal identification information separate from
encrypted transponder IDs, but fundamentally, if they information's there,
it's accessible and usable.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, August 08, 2002 5:33 PM
 Traffic System Causes Privacy Outcry
By KAREN GAUDETTE
Associated Press Writer
August 8, 2002, 6:36 PM EDT
OAKLAND, Calif. -- In about a month, traffic sensors being installed along
San Francisco Bay area highways will be able to track a quarter million
drivers along their commutes.
Proponents say the $37 million enhancement to the region's electronic toll
system will be a boon to commuters, providing motorists real-time
information about some of the nation's worst road congestion via cell phone,
radio or Internet.
Traffic planners will be able to gather crucial data on problem areas.
But despite government assurances, the new program is also raising fears
that drivers' privacy will be invaded.
Similar to systems in Houston and the New York region, the Bay area's
FasTrak program already eases waits at toll plazas by enabling motorists to
pay with electronic devices velcroed to the windshields of vehicles.
Now, radio-based sensors mounted on highway signs every few miles will
augment the devices' usefulness.
To the dismay of some FasTrak users, monitoring is not optional. The only
way to avoid triggering the sensors throughout nine Bay Area counties is to
stash the transponder in its accompanying Mylar bag.
Project leaders at the Metropolitan Transportation Commission say they're
not interested in the movements of individual drivers, and have gone to
great lengths to protect privacy, including encrypting the serial number of
each transponder as its location is transmitted.
Authorities promise to keep this data separate from the identities of
FasTrak users and other information needed to make automatic monthly
deductions from their bank or credit card accounts.
"We're not tracking or trying to follow any individual car, just the overall
traffic flow," TravInfo project manager Michael Berman said.
But some drivers say having a more detailed traffic report isn't worth the
sense that someone's watching.
"I personally am a little creeped out by it," said interior designer Heidi
Hirvonen-White, who crosses the Golden Gate Bridge commuting between Tiburon
and San Francisco. "In today's society it seems like any sort of code or
whatnot can be broken."
Those in the automotive telematics industry say the Bay Area's "TravInfo"
project is only the latest example of the growing phenomenon of remote
Many rental fleets and trucking companies already use satellite positioning
systems to track cars and cargo. Companies promote similar products for
keeping tabs on kids, Alzheimer's patients or cheating spouses.
Washington is also promoting locator technology. By October, the Federal
Communications Commission wants cell phones equipped with locator technology
to help emergency responders find callers.
That requirement will also enable authorities to track users, even
calculating road speeds, said Ray Grefe, vice president of business
development for telematics software company Televoke.
"I think there are going to be some nasty court battles that come out of all
of this stuff," Grefe said.
Transponder data has already been used in court.
In 1997, E-ZPass records helped show what kidnappers did to New Jersey
restaurant millionaire Nelson Gross, whose BMW crossed the George Washington
Bridge into Manhattan, where his beaten corpse was found.
Another case involved a Connecticut rental car company that charged
customers $150 each time a GPS receiver showed they were speeding. The
company has since stopped the practice.
Berman emphasized that the Bay Area system won't be used to track kidnappers
or car thieves who happen to have FasTrak in their cars, let alone
The MTC -- along with its partners, the California Highway Patrol and the
state transportation department -- has received no requests from law
enforcement to tweak the system so drivers could be pursued, Berman said,
adding, "I think if they were to request it, we would say no. That's not our
But privacy advocates say that once the sensors are in place, there's
nothing to prevent such a change. New laws imposed after Sept. 11 make it
much easier for police to obtain such information.
"Yes, they're building in limitations on the data use, but there's nothing
to prevent them from changing the policies in the future," said Beth Givens,
director of the San Diego-based Privacy Rights Clearinghouse.
Each of the California system's sensors has two antennas. One continually
sends out a radio pulse that "wakes up" when it hits a passing FasTrak
transponder. The other antenna notes the transponder's serial number, and
transmits it, using encryption, via cellular modem to the MTC's Travel
Information Center in Oakland.
Transponders beep as cars pass through toll plazas, but remain silent when
they pass the sensors.
All record of serials numbers stored in electronic files will be destroyed
daily, leaving only general averages and patterns for later study, Berman
In Texas, 1.5 million commuters use a similar traffic information service,
said Artee Jones, spokesman for Houston TranStar, which incorporates similar
privacy measures.
While some FasTrak users remain troubled, few said they'd give up the
shorter toll booth lines or discounts to avoid participating.
Michael Pieri of Richmond said he has nothing to hide, but he'll still stash
the transponder away between tolls.
"That's fine if you volunteer for that," he said. "But involuntarily, I
don't think it's a good thing at all."
* __
On the Net:
Metropolitan Transportation Commission: TravInfo program: Copyright ) 2002, The Associated Press
For archives see:

@_date: 2002-08-07 21:33:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE SF Cypherpunks, Sat Aug 10, Berkeley, Jupiter Brewery 
August 2002 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday 10 August 2002
TIME:   1:00 - 6:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:  Jupiter Brewing, 2181 Shattuck, Berkeley
    "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
The organized program begins about 1:00.
Some expected people and discussion topics:
- GNU Radio
- TCPA (though Lucky will probably give his DEFCON talk another time)
- John Gilmore's recent work on FAA Airport Thuggery
- Things that happened at Usenix Security and Defcon.
After the meeting, there is usually dinner somewhere nearby.
Jupiter is a brewery, with pizza and sandwiches and their own
beer and other brewers' beer.
As usual, this is an open meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited,
including some suspiciously foreign Canadians and Brits (expected)
and Florida's Secretary of State (not expected). However, it's possible
there will be Stupid Government Tricks restricting people under 21,
because of the presence of ethanol.
There's a Party at Ian's Place the night before, and the
Usenix Security Symposium is in SF this week.
   Jupiter    2181 Shattuck, Berkeley
   Jupiter opens at High Noon.
   We will be in the heated outdoor beer garden, weather permitting,
   or conspicuously inside.  And unlike the last time we were here,
   it's unlikely to be freezing outside.
   Directions:
   Map:    BART:
   Take BART to Berkeley station; Jupiter is across the street.
   Driving:
   Take 80 to University Avenue.
   Turn right on Shattuck.
   Go about 3 blocks.
   Lat/Long: 37.869765 N  122.268175 W
   If you get lost on the way, you can try calling:
      +1.415.307.7119 (Bill)

@_date: 2002-09-05 05:17:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: all your greeks are belong to us 
Appears not to be, at least if you can believe "The Register".
I can't tell if "operation of games", as defined under Greek law,
refers to anybody playing the game, or is more technically defined as
"running a business that provides game-playing opportunities to customers",
or if the term "gaming" is the more general term for playing games
or is a euphemism for "gambling", as it is in the US gaming industry.
Foosball appears to still be legal, if nobody bets on it,
but pinball machines are usually electromechanical so they're banned.
And, of course, "Zero Wing", the source of
"All your base are belong to us" is obviously banned.
It's either time to start mailing those poor oppressed Greeks
copies of nethack and URLs for file:\\windows\System32\sol.exe
or else to use this as an excuse to ban Microsoft from Greece,
whichever is a sillier opportunity to insult the politicians.
Of course, there are other places with stupid laws as well;
I've heard that in parts of the US, cannabis plants aren't allowed to grow,
but I've seen no evidence that Nature pays attention :-)

@_date: 2002-10-20 18:49:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Finland considering new internet speech restrictions 
I had trouble the first time I used the link, but it's also in
 dated October 17th.
Helsingin Sanomat is published on the web in English.
There was a bombing at a mall in Finland last week,
with seven people killed, including the suspected bomber,
a 19-year-old chemistry student, who frequented a message board
"Forum for Home Chemistry".  The 17-year-old moderator of the board
was arrested for a couple of days, but then released.
Some more excerpts from Helsinkin Sanomat:
The Constitutional Law Committee heard from various internet experts during its meeting on Wednesday. After the meeting, committee Chairwoman Paula Kokkonen was not willing to comment on whether something should be done differently by the committee because of the Myyrmanni incident.
The question of whether or not internet chatrooms and message boards are, by definition, publications, is still in the open.
Centre Party MP Johannes Leppdnen, a member of the Constitutional Law Committee, commented that it is now necessary to ponder if incidents such as the Myyrmanni bombing could be prevented with more careful monitoring.     "However, I hope that a momentary situation is not taken advantage of in a way that would limit some fundamental rights", Leppdnen stated. He also pointed out that the question of internet supervision has not been solved anywhere else either, nor has the question of responsibility for online information.     The new law on freedom of speech will not reach a plenary session of Parliament until some time next year. The goal is for the law to take effect next autumn.

@_date: 2002-10-19 04:19:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: One time pads 
Of course.  But without quantum computing, you can do computations on
your basic cheap computers that are secure against crackers for the
expected remaining life of the universe, so your threat models are
much more controllable.  Obviously you still need to worry about tempest,
computer viruses, cameras in the ceiling, and rubber hose cryptanalysis,
but threat models that just involve someone intercepting your message
aren't a problem.
Quantum computing is the one thing that anybody's thought of that
has a mathematically possible chance of breaking that.

@_date: 2002-10-09 01:09:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: AF developing DEA Wiretap Echelon-like Development Projects 
The following web page is about recent projects at the
Air Force Research Laboratory.  Item 8 is about new wiretap technology,
designed to monitor large numbers of conversations for drug activity.
The accompanying artwork has a large and small version of a
wiretapper logo, which should be possible to abuse for something :-)
Google cache: Wiretapper Logo: The Information Directorate's Multisensor Exploitation Branch and Research Associates for Defense Conversion (RADC) jointly developed, tested, and demonstrated an experimental model capability that automatically extracts information from telephone background sounds and conversational speech to identify drug networks and the participants. The work, sponsored by the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), addresses the problem of monitoring large numbers of telephone conversations for drug activity, while protecting the privacy of citizens in accordance with wiretap laws.
The capability called Automated Title Three Audio Correlation (ATTAC) makes it possible to automatically segment and flag drug- related activity and identify its participants without understanding the message content of the conversation. A background sound recognizer technology identifies sounds, such as dial tone, number dialed, ringing, and other sounds, while a Vector Quantization speaker-recognition technology identifies the persons involved in the conversations.
The DEA and RADC collected a database of conversations through 74 individuals who made over 1300 calls from cellular phones, and office phones, and who used message machines. The results in identifying the participants in conversational speech varied widely. DEA and RADC technicians obtained good results (90%) when individuals used the same phones; however, when the same individuals used different phones, the performance could drop to as low as 55%.
The directorate is conducting research work to improve recognition across multiple phone types. Although the directorate developed ATTAC for DEA use, the technology developed advances the state-of-the-art in speaker segmentation and in information extraction for the Air Force intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance mission. (Mr. S. E. Smith, AFRL/IFEC, (315) 330-7894)

@_date: 2002-10-07 20:43:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [OT Canute] Re: [LINK] [Fwd: Interesting KPMG report on 
As Peter points out, Canute actually did have the clue that the
record companies don't.
One place I lived in New Jersey was in Sea Bright, which is a
sand bar just south of Sandy Hook beach.  Two hundred years ago,
it was an island, and it's trying to become an island again.
The Army Core of Engineers, however, keeps trying to tell the
tides to stop, primarily by pouring a few million dollars worth of cement
into the sea wall and road foundations every decade or so.
In some sense, it may be worthwhile, since the value of the houses
that they're protecting is higher than that, but while I knew I was renting
the house I was living in, some of my neighbors their thought they owned
something other than a bit of drifting sand.
Perhaps the record companies need to see what equivalents of
pilings or surfboards they can find for their business models.

@_date: 2002-10-07 07:04:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Why is a Georgia Tech machine the nameserver for 
Somebody wrote to the cypherpunks list:
Very strange.
Pipeline has a bunch of MX records, mx01.pipeline.com etc., which we expected.
Pinging mx12.pipeline.com works fine.
 is  which is no surprise.
What's strange is that there are three nameservers for pipeline.com,
at least according to the nslookup that I did.
Two of them are itchy and scratchy.mindspring.net, which sound reasonable,
but the first one is burdell.cc.gatech.edu.
Burdell accepts pings, smtp, and DNS queries, but not telnet or http.
postmaster does expand, and is running procmail....

@_date: 2002-10-05 21:09:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Interesting Hawala Article 
Interpol has an interesting article on Hawala.
It's written from a US-centric perspective,
which unfortunately includes asymmetry in the transactions,
so they miss out on the importance of net settlement
in making correspondent banking systems work,
and it does look at hawala as somewhat of a quaint leftover
from before modern banking systems, rather than understanding
that the roots of European banking systems were the same thing.
And of course, since it's written by Interpol as opposed
to a newspaper or a college economics professor,
its real interest is use in criminal transactions.
But it does give a good picture of part of the hawala system,
some cultural flavor, and some reasons that hawala is popular -
flexibility, speed, lower costs than official banks,
arbitrage around official exchange rates,
and avoidance of regulations that inhibit transactions.
It's a worthwhile read.

@_date: 2002-10-02 03:41:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: fun w/ the SS & chalk 
Depending on how well-read the security folks are about warchalking,
you can also have fun creating variations on the markings,
adding notes in Cyrillic alphabets, etc.
The Pentagon subway station would be a good spot,
though it's of course likely to be thoroughly over-cameraful.

@_date: 2002-10-01 23:36:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Real-world steganography 
Traditional digital telephone signalling uses a "robbed-bit" method that
steals the low-order bit from every sixth voice sample to carry information
like whether the line is busy or idle or wants to set up a connection.
(That's why you only get 56kbps and not 64kbps in some US formats,
since it doesn't want to keep track of which low bits got robbed.)
In a sense both of these are steganography, because they're trying to
hide the data channel from the audio listener by being low level noise
in ways that equipment that isn't looking for it won't notice.
That's not really much different from encoding Secret Data in the LSB
of uncompressed graphics or audio - it's about the second-crudest
form of the stuff, and if you think there are Attackers trying to
decide if you're using stego, you need more sophisticated stego -
at minimum, encoding the stegotext so it looks like random noise,
or encoding the stegotext with statistics resembling the
real noise patterns, or whatever.  The definition of "hidden writing"
doesn't specify how hard you tried to hide it or how hard the
Attacker is looking - you need to Bring Your Own Threat Model.
Since I don't speak Audiophile Engineering / Human perceptual modelspeak,
which the paper was written in, I wasn't able to figure out where the
HDCD stuff hides the extra bits.  Are they really there (in the CDROM's
error-correction bits or something)?  It sounded like they were either
saying that they make part-time use of the one LSB bit to somehow encode
the LSB and 4 more bits, which sounded really unlikely given that there
weren't any equations there about the compression models, or else that they
had some perceptual model and were using that to make a better choice of LSB
than a simple 50% cut-off of the A-to-D converter (more absolute distortion,
but better-sounding distortion.)  Or did I miss the implications of the
reference to oversampling and the real difference is that HDCD disks
really have more pixels on the disk with only the LSB different,
so a conventional reader reads it fine but needs the ECC to get the LSB?
A separate question is - "so is there some internet-accessible list of
disks using HDCD, or do I just have to look at the labels for a logo?"

@_date: 2002-10-01 23:36:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Real-world steganography 
Traditional digital telephone signalling uses a "robbed-bit" method that
steals the low-order bit from every sixth voice sample to carry information
like whether the line is busy or idle or wants to set up a connection.
(That's why you only get 56kbps and not 64kbps in some US formats,
since it doesn't want to keep track of which low bits got robbed.)
In a sense both of these are steganography, because they're trying to
hide the data channel from the audio listener by being low level noise
in ways that equipment that isn't looking for it won't notice.
That's not really much different from encoding Secret Data in the LSB
of uncompressed graphics or audio - it's about the second-crudest
form of the stuff, and if you think there are Attackers trying to
decide if you're using stego, you need more sophisticated stego -
at minimum, encoding the stegotext so it looks like random noise,
or encoding the stegotext with statistics resembling the
real noise patterns, or whatever.  The definition of "hidden writing"
doesn't specify how hard you tried to hide it or how hard the
Attacker is looking - you need to Bring Your Own Threat Model.
Since I don't speak Audiophile Engineering / Human perceptual modelspeak,
which the paper was written in, I wasn't able to figure out where the
HDCD stuff hides the extra bits.  Are they really there (in the CDROM's
error-correction bits or something)?  It sounded like they were either
saying that they make part-time use of the one LSB bit to somehow encode
the LSB and 4 more bits, which sounded really unlikely given that there
weren't any equations there about the compression models, or else that they
had some perceptual model and were using that to make a better choice of LSB
than a simple 50% cut-off of the A-to-D converter (more absolute distortion,
but better-sounding distortion.)  Or did I miss the implications of the
reference to oversampling and the real difference is that HDCD disks
really have more pixels on the disk with only the LSB different,
so a conventional reader reads it fine but needs the ECC to get the LSB?
A separate question is - "so is there some internet-accessible list of
disks using HDCD, or do I just have to look at the labels for a logo?"

@_date: 2002-10-02 07:22:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: What email encryption is actually in use? 
I'm running Win2000 in "You're Not The Administrator" mode.
Since somebody else is root and I'm not, the fact that
my network admins could eavesdrop on my link traffic
isn't a big deal, especially when they set up my PC's software.
And if I do pretend to trust my machine against some insiders,
I can use SSH, SSL, and PGP to reduce risks from others...
Also, STARTTLS can reduce eavesdropping at Alice's ABC.COM.
If your organization is an ISP, the risks are letting them
handle your email at all (especially with currently proposed
mandatory eavesdropping laws), and STARTTLS provides a
mechanism for direct delivery that isn't as likely to be blocked
by anti-spamming restrictions on port 25.
Now to get some email *clients* using it.
On the other hand, if your recipient is at a big corporation,
they're highly likely to be using a big shared MS Exchange server,
or some standards-based equivalent, so the game's over on that end
before you even start.  Take the STARTTLS and run with it...
Defense in depth is important for real security.
STARTTLS can be a link-encryption solution,
but it can also be part of a layered solution,
and if you don't bother with end-to-end,
it's a really good start, and isolates your risks.
It also offers you some possibility of doing certificate management
to reduce the risk of man-in-the-middle attacks from
outside your organization, and does reduce some traffic analysis.
If your goal is to encrypt 20% of the net by Christmas,
STARTTLS will get a lot closer to that than a perfect system.
Similarly, IPSEC using the shared key "open secret"
would have been a much-faster-deployed form of opportunistic
encryption than the FreeSWAN project's more complex form
that wants some control over DNS that most users don't have.
In the absence of a real Public Key Infrastructure,
neither is totally man-in-the-middle-proof,
so if the Feds are targeting *you* it's clearly not enough,
but reducing mass-quantity fishing expeditions increases
our security and reduces the Echelon potential -
especially if 90% of the encrypted material is
routine corporate email, mailing lists, Usenet drivel, etc.
You can protect most of the path if your firewalls don't interfere,
and more if your recipients' don't.

@_date: 2002-10-06 15:42:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: JYA ping 
Lots of machines don't accept pings anymore,
either for security reasons or whatever.
That's independent of whether those names accept email,
or whether you can find MX records for them.
In particular, most big ISPs have multiple machines
accepting mail; if you wanted to ping, you'd have to try
box1.bigisp.com, box2.bigisp.com, box3.bigisp.com, ...
Pipeline was in the big-ISP business, and I suspect
they've been eaten enough times that pipeline is just
an alias on a big email server farm.

@_date: 2002-10-09 01:45:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Trojan-modified Sendmail floating around - 8.12.6 - Since Sept. 
Somebody backdoored the source code for Sendmail on the official server.
So if you recompile from scratch, your sendmail is 0wned.
Another reason not to run mail systems as root....
By  Robert Lemos
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
October 8, 2002, 5:57 PM PT
Some copies of a popular mail-server program are implanted with a back door that could allow access to Internet attackers, security experts warned Tuesday.
A Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) Coordination Center advisory said that illicit code added to the Sendmail package creates a back door when the program is compiled from its source code. Such a compromised program--called a Trojan horse by security experts--can leave networks exposed to attack and administrators unaware of the vulnerabilities.
The source code files of Sendmail 8.12.6 were apparently modified as far back as Sept. 28, according to the advisory. The Sendmail Consortium   removed file transfer protocol (FTP) access to the server on Sunday. A safe version of the file can still be downloaded via the Web.
"If you download the Sendmail distribution you MUST verify the PGP signature," stated the consortium on its site. "Do NOT use Sendmail without verifying the integrity of the source code."
The added code links to a specific server on the Internet, said CERT in its advisory. The security group also recommends that anyone who downloads Sendmail verify the file's integrity.
Because only the act of compiling the file activates the hostile program code, restarting the Sendmail server seems to deactivate the backdoor

@_date: 2002-10-27 21:09:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FC: Privacy villain of the week: DARPA's gait surveillance 
[Sorry about any duplicated - lne.com spam-blocked me the first time.]
 >Advent of another technology wide deployment of which we must delay as
 >long as possible. ...
 >Unfortunately, brinistas welcome this development because they idiotically
 >assume that the technology enables symmetrically, or even assymentrically
 >in favour of the governed vs. the government. Their arguments sound
 >superficially convincing to those unfamiliar with the political process
 >and the logics of power flow. This is the reason they're doing the wrong
 >thing for the right reasons. Supply the missing part of the argument
 >whenever you see Brinworld meme propagating.
Sigh.  If people are going to beat up on BrinWorld, at least they
should get it right.  Brin's Transparent Society stuff makes two points
- Cameras, networks and similar technology are going to keep getting cheaper,
          so you're going to lose your privacy.  Give up on that now.
- Governments _are_ going to take advantage of this, like it or not,
          so what the public has to do is make sure that we're allowed to
          watch the government as well.
Brin may be naively optimistic about our ability to succeed on the second part,
but he's spot on about the asymmetry of power relationships,
and he's constantly making the point that we can only watch the government
if we force them to let us watch - the alternative is that they'll be
watching us and we won't be watching them.
Delaying technology?  It's easier to do on stuff that doesn't work well,
and it sounds like this doesn't - perhaps the way to do it is to
deflect the research away from surveillance into medical directions;
since Darpa's funding it, get them to look at how to help soldiers carry
heavy backpacks safely or spooks to carry dead bodies safely or whatever.

@_date: 2002-10-27 21:04:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FC: Privacy villain of the week: DARPA's gait surveillance 
[Hmm.  lne.com spam-blocked me on the first attempt.
 >See also:
 >
BTW, The Wired news article is from 2000, and mainly focuses on facial
but it's interesting that this stuff has been in the press for a while.
It's wrong in so many different ways...
"Why'd you administratively detain him in the airport?"  "He walked like an
"The Ministry of Silly Walks put out the following press release..."
"Why'd you bust him?"  "He was loitering suspiciously"
          "He was shuffling like known suspect Uncle Tom"
"She had high-heeled shoes in her suitcase,
          obviously intending to disguise her gait for the cameras"
"He had high-heeled shoes in _his_ suitcase, ..."
There are potential medical uses of this sort of technology -
enough computer abusers and other desk-job workers with bad backs
or similar health problems that could benefit from analyzing how they walk,
but obviously Darpa's not going to find that.  Perhaps we can get
some chiropractic foundation to redirect the study personnel,
or get Darpa to use it to help design better backpacks for soldiers
instead of using it is spookware.  Or perhaps we're better off having them
focus their studies on something highly unreliable like this instead of
spookware that might be more usable.
 >Subject: NCP: Privacy Villain of the Week: DARPA's HumanID at a Distance
 >
 >The Defense Advance Research Projects Agency  has
 >been one of the more fruitful government agenies in the past, its DARPAnet
 >computer network being the foundation for what would become the Internet
 >some years later. That is why reading about what this outfit is up to now
 >can at times be disheartening. One such project is the HumanID at a
 >Distance program, which aims to move beyond face-recognition technology
 >and purportedly identify people by the way the walk.
 >
 >The idea here is that by measuring with video or (clothes-penetrating)
 >radar the distance between, say, 17 different points on the body
 > and measuring how
 >these points move in relation to one another, a person can be positively
 >and uniquely identified.

@_date: 2002-11-04 03:34:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: What email encryption is actually in use? 
All of the business email I send from home is encrypted -
not by the mail user agent or mail transfer agent,
but by the VPN I use to reach my work intranet.
If it goes outside the company, it's normally not encrypted.
(Also, non-business email I send when VPN-connected is encrypted,
on the dialup portions, but not past that.)
What would be really nice, and would encrypt a large chunk of
the US's business email, would be for MS Exchange / Outlook mail servers
to adopt STARTTLS for their SMTP services.

@_date: 2002-12-31 11:01:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [e-gold-list] Announcing Seagold.net: E-mail Privacy, 
... followed by some description of their email system
and a long complex description of their shell game \\\\\\ multi-
level pyramid scheme\\\\\\\\\ silly sales rep recruiting system.*
If you poke around their site a bit,
you'll see a reference to which appears to be a straightforward mail system without the shell game,
though I haven't done a feature-by-feature comparison to be sure
if it's quite identical.  It's basically webmail plus SSL-encrypted POP3.
The price ranges from $10/month to $90/year depending on contract length,
vs. $25/month for the pyramid game, which offers the possibility of being free
or letting you make gazillions of dollars if you can find a way to convince
the untapped potential customer base to play the game instead of just
buying the service.  It strikes me as a bit short on features,
but then I'm comparing it to fastmail.fm, which is an extremely
well-run email system that my wife uses (which ranges from free accounts with
signature tags to cheap accounts without them to full-featured accounts
for $20-40/year.)  There's no encryption, but their spam-avoidance
features are the best I've seen.
* Don't get me wrong - I'm not totally dissing well-designed
pyramid marketing as a sales-rep recruitment technique,
but it has to be something that has a product that's realistic
at a price that's realistic with margins that are realistic,
while these guys seem to have a margin that's unrealistic
(at least compared to other services they're offering)
with a total hand-waving shell-game compensation method,
and other than the fact that their system is based in Sealand,
which is worth paying some margin for, and open-source based,
which says it has some chance of stability if administered well,
they don't say anything that inspires me to expect them to be
competent at running email systems well.  But hey,
free trials can be fun sometimes, though this one requires
an e-gold account number, which makes it harder to burn lots of them.

@_date: 2002-12-29 22:31:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Constant Encrypted Stream 
Hey, you're hearing that more and more often in Silicon Valley these days
         "I never wanted to be a computer hacker in San Francisco.  I wanted to be ...
                 A Lumberjack!  Out in the woods of British Columbia!"

@_date: 2002-12-29 22:31:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Constant Encrypted Stream 
Hey, you're hearing that more and more often in Silicon Valley these days
         "I never wanted to be a computer hacker in San Francisco.  I wanted to be ...
                 A Lumberjack!  Out in the woods of British Columbia!"

@_date: 2003-01-26 20:06:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: JILT: New Rules for Anonymous Electronic Transactions? An 
There's some interesting discussion about the ability of the
Dutch legal culture to provide useful tools for regulating transactions
in anonymous or semi-anonymous environments - if you can't find somebody,
can you speak of enforcing contracts, etc.  Not surprisingly,
this has been discussed extensively by the Cypherpunks and other people
exploring applications for cryptographically-protected communications.
Some of the standard references are Tim May's "Cyphernomicon" paper (on the Orson Scott Card's novel "Ender's Game", and Vernor Vinge's story "True Names".
(As the JILT paper says, systems like this may be quite complex to actually
implement in practice, and fiction provides a good tool for exploring the
social implications without doing the difficult detail work.)
I do want to comment on the concept of pseudonymity and semi-anonymity.
The paper appears to be using a definition in which a Trusted Third Party
provides a pseudonym service, which knows the True Name behind each pseudonym
and can provide it when required for a limited number situations,
such as collecting unpaid debts or prosecuting ThoughtCrime,
but otherwise the pseudonym is adequate for many activities,
and the user can protect his privacy and conduct various activities
under different pseudonyms without them being linked to each other
or to his True Name.    Unfortunately, the definitions of ThoughtCrime
have been radically expanded in recent years, primarily due to
"intellectual property" concerns from the music and movie publishers and
the Church of Scientology, so the usefulness of these pseudonyms has
decreased, even for pure communications applications without the
anonymous digital payment systems that can enable anonymous business.
An alternative definition of pseudonymity, which is more common in the
Cypherpunks discussions, is the use of a persistent identity,
verified by digital signatures, which permits the development of
reputations without the need for True Names.  The types of businesses
that can be supported in this environment are more limited,
because there's no way to throw somebody in jail if they default,
but much of European merchant law evolved without this ability.
For some applications, "Reputation Capital" provides enough protection -
a name that's used for months or years of good transactions
or writing good essays or making good investment recommendations
has a value that will be lost if it's abused,
but for other applications, escrow services substantially increase
the types and values of transactions that are possible.
Escrow can be used on a per-transaction basis, or the escrow service
may be part of establishing a pseudonym, providing an amount of money
that can be seized in a dispute resolution process
without needing the True Name of the pseudonym-holder.
Pseudonymity is becoming increasingly common in practice.
AOL "screen names" were primarily intended to
allow multiple family members to share an account, but are also
useful for protecting privacy, especially of children in chat rooms.
There's no explicit requirement for a True Name, though most accounts
use credit cards which do provide some tracing ability,
but the depth of credit checking performed by AOL is
"did their credit card company approve paying for their service this month",
rather than "how big a transaction can their assets cover" or
"where do they sleep, in case the police want to arrest them".
Yahoo Mail and Hotmail systems are relatively untraceable, however.
EBay accounts have an organized reputation capital system,
allowing buyers and sellers to rate whether the other party has
met their obligations, and to allow prospective buyers and sellers
to see the ratings and estimate whether they'll be defrauded or not.
Unfortunately, EBay recently bought Paypal, so the privacy of
Paypal users is no longer protected by the separation between
the auction system and the payment system, since Paypal uses
credit cards and therefore semi-traceable identities to pay people.
Julf Helsingius's original Anonymous Remailer was originally intended
to provide the stronger form of pseudonymity, but unfortunately
he was forced to reveal the information he had about a user
(because of the intellectual property Throughtcrime problem),
though in fact that identity was another disposable email address.

@_date: 2003-01-11 21:46:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Security cameras are getting smart -- and scary 
Any time you post to a list of a bunch of people you don't know,
you might be posting to a list of a bunch of people you don't like.
Reading the archives sometimes helps.
It's certainly likely to clarify whether everybody on the list
agrees with everybody else on everything, unless you think that
the arguments here are robo-generated to make it _look_ like
we're not all really just different tentacles of Tim May,
the Medusa of Crime.  (Or was Tim really a tentacle of Eric?
At this point I've forgotten :-)

@_date: 2003-01-24 18:40:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Deniable Thumbdrive? 
Agreed.  Furthermore, the whole thing is inherently dependent on the
processing model and programming interfaces of your thumbdrive.
What does it look like to your PC if you're not using the right thumb?
What does it look like to your PC if you want to use the right thumb?
Three obvious models are
- PC doesn't need Thumbdrive-specific drivers, just generic USB disk,
         and the CPU in the drive decides whether it's seen your thumb
         and reveals the otherwise-hidden files if it likes you.
- PC has specific drivers for the Thumbdrive,
         Whole drive plus the thumbprint pad are visible to the PC,
         and you can only decrypt the secret part if you put a matching
         thumb on the thumbprint.
- PC has specific drivers for the Thumbdrive
         Public drive, thumbprint pad, and hooks for secret drive are
         visible to the PC, and putting the correct thumb on the pad
         lets the PC find out the password to mount the secret drive.
First of all, as Peter says, high-tech cops won't be fooled.
Low-level goons may not recognize it,
or if the thumbprint part requires specific drivers or data on the PC,
you can tell them "sorry, that part's for access to my work PC,
and if you'd like to get a search warrant, they'll let you in the building",
and make sure the public part has some pictures of your dog or whatever.
For medium-tech cops, you can say that it requires installing drivers
on their PC (assuming that it does), and offer to download them,
and prearrange that there's a set of drivers at just in case they actually take you up on it.
Depending on the interface presented to the PC, it may or may not be obvious
to the PC whether there are zero, one, or more secret areas on the drive.
If it's not obvious, then the obvious extension to the product would be to
support multiple fingerprints for multiple secret areas, the business model
being so that multiple people can use the same drive, so your right thumb
gets your right-wing-conspiracy data, your left thumb gets your Commie stuff,
and your middle finger gets the picture of J.Edgar Hoover in his black negligee
or whatever else you want the cops to see.
Otherwise, figure out which body parts you don't mind them cutting off...

@_date: 2003-02-25 07:52:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Ethnomathematics 
Was she an actual physics professor, talking about her own field,
or some sort of literature/philosophy/sociology/politics professor?
The latter type are definitely old news, but as long as they spend their time
trying to convince female physics and mathematics professors to
think about new ways to structure or teach their curriculum, that's fine.
It's when they start dissing physics and math as "hostile to women"
and thereby discouraging young women from going into the field
that they really cause problems (as opposed to old boring sexist white male discouraging women from going into the field, which was the old problem.)
Actually doing a female-oriented physics or teaching curriculum is fine,
if somebody can do a good job of it.  After all, most of these fields
consist of real mathematics, exposure to real materials and their behaviour,
sets of metaphors for understanding how the math and behaviour are related,
and various levels of abstraction and concrete examples to interest students.
The math is the math, and the materials either will or won't cooperate,
but if feminist approaches can provide a set of metaphors or abstractions
that help students (or at least female-culture-oriented students)
understand how the math relates to the real world, then great!
And if they can find a set of examples or problems that are less male-oriented than
guns, rocketships, pushing pool cues into objects of various hardness and softness, or football
and if this helps female students be more interested in the problems,
or gives them examples that are more familiar to them, then great!
There's certainly no shortage of boring textbooks out there,
and if women who understand math and physics and communications can overcome
Sturgeon's Law and the textbook publishers' mafia or teacher selection then more power to them, and otherwise, well, the other 90% will be more

@_date: 2003-05-11 01:32:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: New Nuclear Weapons Design Budget passes Senate Committee 
Now that the Bush Administration has finished the
War On Some People Who Might Have Weapons of Mass Destruction,
they've gotten approval from the Senate Armed Services Committee
for their budget request for about $50M in nuclear weapons design research
and improvement of their testing facilities.
Most of the design half of the budget is for nuclear bunker busters,
but they're also starting some work on new small nukes.
The "small" nukes are "up to 5 kt", so they're probably not the
very small backpack-carriable weapons,
while the bunker busters could be up to a megaton.
This is just one Senate committee, not the full budget or a complete bill,
but it does break the ban on new weapons of mass destruction development
that's been around for ~11 years.

@_date: 2003-06-20 08:00:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Destroying computers 
> > > Methinks Mr Hatch is not a very bright man.
 > > A Southern senator.  Need I say more?
I think people have been mixing up Orrin Hatch with Jesse Helms.
Both are right-wingers who didn't really like the 20th century,
much less the 21st, both have right-wing religious constituencies
(though radically different religions),
but they're really quite different.

@_date: 2003-06-13 23:32:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal 
Unfortunately, that doesn't help you against wetware attacks -
the "paypa1.com" and "e-g0ld.com" web sites can have valid certs,
and your browser is unlikely to notice that they're different
from the certs sites "paypal.com" and "e-gold.com"
because they've got different domain names.
So it won't notice that the certs have changed, because they haven't,
they're just the new certs for the new websites.
And client-side certs won't help, because the bogus sites
can happily accept them or ignore them.
An e-gold-specific or paypal-specific client can tell,
because it can remember that it's trying to see the real thing,
but the browser can't tell, except by bugging you about
"Hi, this is a new site that's giving us a new cert" placebo box.

@_date: 2003-06-30 02:17:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
That doesn't happen.  (Well, it could, but as you point out,
it's not a successful attack methodology, because DNSSEC was designed
to correctly take care of this.)
The DNS suffix business is designed so that your laptop tries
to use "yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com", either before "yahoo.com"
or after unsuccessfully trying "yahoo.com", depending on implementation.
It may be bad judgement, but it's designed to support intranet sites
for domains that want their web browsers and email to let you
refer to "marketing" as opposed to "marketing.webservers.example.com",
and Netscape-derived browsers support it as well as IE.
I agree with you and Steve that this would be a Really Bad Idea.
The only way to make it secure is to use an authenticated DHCP,
which means you have to put authentication keys in somehow,
plus you need a reasonable response for handling authentication failures,
which means you need a user interface as well.
It's also the wrong scope, since the DNSSEC is global information,
not connection-oriented information, so it's not really DHCP's job.

@_date: 2003-06-30 02:17:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
That doesn't happen.  (Well, it could, but as you point out,
it's not a successful attack methodology, because DNSSEC was designed
to correctly take care of this.)
The DNS suffix business is designed so that your laptop tries
to use "yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com", either before "yahoo.com"
or after unsuccessfully trying "yahoo.com", depending on implementation.
It may be bad judgement, but it's designed to support intranet sites
for domains that want their web browsers and email to let you
refer to "marketing" as opposed to "marketing.webservers.example.com",
and Netscape-derived browsers support it as well as IE.
I agree with you and Steve that this would be a Really Bad Idea.
The only way to make it secure is to use an authenticated DHCP,
which means you have to put authentication keys in somehow,
plus you need a reasonable response for handling authentication failures,
which means you need a user interface as well.
It's also the wrong scope, since the DNSSEC is global information,
not connection-oriented information, so it's not really DHCP's job.

@_date: 2003-06-29 21:19:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
I thought about that, and I think this is an exception,
because this attack tricks your machine into using the
trust chain yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com., which it controls,
instead of the trust chain yahoo.com., which DNSSEC protects adequately.
So you're getting a trustable answer to the wrong query.
I'm less sure of the implementation issues of the
"Connection-specific DNS suffix", and I've seen conflicting documentation.
If the resolver looks up "domain.suffix" before "domain",
then the attacker's DNS doesn't need to control the DNS access,
and only needs to provide the attacker's certificates,
but if the resolver looks up "domain" before "domain.suffix",
then the attacker also needs to make sure that the lookup of "domain" fails,
which is most easily done by telling the DHCP client to use
the attacker's DNS server along with telling it the suffix.
(That doesn't add any extra work to the attack, but does make it
a bit easier to trace the attacker after the fact;
if you're not replacing the attacker's DNS server entry,
then all you need is a legitimate-looking server for
"*.attackersdomain.com".  In either case, somebody who can
pull off this kind of an attack probably uses a compromised machine
to run the DNS server on anyway.)
DNSSEC seems to do a pretty thorough job of making sure that
if you look up the correct domain name, you'll get the correct answer,
in spite of attackers trying to prevent it.
But this attack tricks you into looking up the wrong domain name,
and DNSSEC makes sure that you get the correct answer for the wrong name,
which isn't the result you want.

@_date: 2003-06-29 21:19:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
I thought about that, and I think this is an exception,
because this attack tricks your machine into using the
trust chain yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com., which it controls,
instead of the trust chain yahoo.com., which DNSSEC protects adequately.
So you're getting a trustable answer to the wrong query.
I'm less sure of the implementation issues of the
"Connection-specific DNS suffix", and I've seen conflicting documentation.
If the resolver looks up "domain.suffix" before "domain",
then the attacker's DNS doesn't need to control the DNS access,
and only needs to provide the attacker's certificates,
but if the resolver looks up "domain" before "domain.suffix",
then the attacker also needs to make sure that the lookup of "domain" fails,
which is most easily done by telling the DHCP client to use
the attacker's DNS server along with telling it the suffix.
(That doesn't add any extra work to the attack, but does make it
a bit easier to trace the attacker after the fact;
if you're not replacing the attacker's DNS server entry,
then all you need is a legitimate-looking server for
"*.attackersdomain.com".  In either case, somebody who can
pull off this kind of an attack probably uses a compromised machine
to run the DNS server on anyway.)
DNSSEC seems to do a pretty thorough job of making sure that
if you look up the correct domain name, you'll get the correct answer,
in spite of attackers trying to prevent it.
But this attack tricks you into looking up the wrong domain name,
and DNSSEC makes sure that you get the correct answer for the wrong name,
which isn't the result you want.

@_date: 2003-06-28 20:06:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
Somebody did an interesting attack on a cable network's customers.
They cracked the cable company's DHCP server, got it to provide a
"Connection-specific DNS suffic" pointing to a machine they owned,
and also told it to use their DNS server.
This meant that when your machine wanted to look up yahoo.com,
it would look up yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com instead.
This looks like it has the ability to work around DNSSEC.
Somebody trying to verify that they'd correctly reached yahoo.com
would instead verify that they'd correctly reached
yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com, which can provide all the signatures
it needs to make this convincing.
So if you're depending on DNSSEC to secure your IPSEC connection,
do make sure your DNS server doesn't have a suffix of echelon.nsa.gov...
"... It turns out, Charter Communications' DHCP servers were
infiltrated and were providing p5115.tdko.com as the
'Connection-specific DNS suffix', causing all non-hardened Windows
(whatever that means in a Windows context) machines to get lookups
from a hijacked subdomain DNS server which simply responded to every
query with a set of 3 addresses (66.220.17.45, 66.220.17.46,
On these IPs were some phantom services. There were proxying Web
servers (presumably collecting cookies and username/password combos),
as well as an ssh server where the perpetrators were most likely
hoping people would simply say 'yes' to the key differences and enter
in their username/password..."
Hmm, my cable ISP was down this morning.  Maybe coincidence.

@_date: 2003-06-28 20:06:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
Somebody did an interesting attack on a cable network's customers.
They cracked the cable company's DHCP server, got it to provide a
"Connection-specific DNS suffic" pointing to a machine they owned,
and also told it to use their DNS server.
This meant that when your machine wanted to look up yahoo.com,
it would look up yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com instead.
This looks like it has the ability to work around DNSSEC.
Somebody trying to verify that they'd correctly reached yahoo.com
would instead verify that they'd correctly reached
yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com, which can provide all the signatures
it needs to make this convincing.
So if you're depending on DNSSEC to secure your IPSEC connection,
do make sure your DNS server doesn't have a suffix of echelon.nsa.gov...
"... It turns out, Charter Communications' DHCP servers were
infiltrated and were providing p5115.tdko.com as the
'Connection-specific DNS suffix', causing all non-hardened Windows
(whatever that means in a Windows context) machines to get lookups
from a hijacked subdomain DNS server which simply responded to every
query with a set of 3 addresses (66.220.17.45, 66.220.17.46,
On these IPs were some phantom services. There were proxying Web
servers (presumably collecting cookies and username/password combos),
as well as an ssh server where the perpetrators were most likely
hoping people would simply say 'yes' to the key differences and enter
in their username/password..."
Hmm, my cable ISP was down this morning.  Maybe coincidence.

@_date: 2003-06-14 22:20:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: MS Format Flames Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for 
There are output formats and input formats.
It's easy to output data in formats other people can read -
if you want something prettier than ASCII,
HTML is usually fine, though there's not much support
for embedded pictures as opposed to separate files.
XML is a meta-format - you can't really guarantee that
anybody else's XML tool can read your XML tool's documents,
because they may not have all the same objects.
If you want to give them something quasi-immutable,
there's always PDF.  That lets you be rude _and_ proprietary :-)
Postscript is more flexible, but too many people don't have
tools to read it with.
Input formats are harder, because Microsoft keeps adding
backwards-incompatibility every time they upgrade Office,
just to force everybody else to upgrade.
OpenOffice can often help, but not always.
Microsoft does make free readers for Word and Powerpoint.
They're only intended for running on Windows,
but perhaps they work on WINE?

@_date: 2003-06-18 07:20:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: weird logic 
Yup.  And USA Today was referring to the US military reserve soldiers
who were sent there as "Citizen Soldiers", but of course
*Iraqis* who fought the invaders weren't "citizen soldiers",
they were "terrorists" or "illegal combatants" or "evil" or
"failing to act sufficiently French by surrendering".
And since the US Constitution doesn't apply to
US forces operating outside the US, there's no prohibition
against "ex post facto" laws about "crimes against the coalition",
and of course the Bush Administration bullied Brussels into exempting
their armed forces from war crimes laws.

@_date: 2003-06-21 18:24:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Is Hatch a Mormon or a crypto Satanist? 
I was pleasantly surprised when I went to Salt Lake City
ten years ago that not only was it no trouble to get a drink,
it was also no trouble to get espresso, which is my usual vice -
the Nordstrom's in the mall had their little stand out front.
It's apparently more trouble to get liquor up in ski country.
I've also found it was less trouble to get a beer and _dinner_
late at night than in much of California, though perhaps they
have rules requiring bars to also be restaurants.
(~midnight, about 6 blocks from the temple.)
The catch was that they were also less fascist about smoking in bars,
so I had to sit off at the less-crowded end of the bar
rather than near the TV with most of the other gentiles.

@_date: 2003-07-03 07:15:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: SF meet: future of feta, port, sherry, gorgonzola at stake 
Great.  First they take the Champagne, now they want the port and sherry, and feta cheese.
Next it'll be the Chianti, and they'll find something wrong with fava beans as well.
Worse than that, they'll make Americans stop eating Hamburgers,
and the vast right wing conspiracy already banned French fries.
(I'm actually rather surprised by feta cheese being on the list -
my local Iranian grocery regularly has feta from France,
Greece, Bulgaria, and one or two other places.)

@_date: 2003-07-02 09:04:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: test please ignore 
Is it really quiet in here, or does the fact that I've been
playing with procmail this evening have something to do with it?

@_date: 2003-07-21 07:25:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re:  A day in the life 
Please don't do that.  You might pick a number belonging to some poor working guy
and mess up his credit or yours.
I read on the net that Richard Nixon's SSN is 567-68-0515,
and then there's that usual 078-thing from fake SSN cards in wallets.

@_date: 2003-07-23 22:56:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: kinko spying: criminal caught Scarfing keydata 
The real question is whether the FBI's keyloggers caught Jiang's passwords,
or whether it was the NSA or Mossad caught the FBI's keyloggers
catching Jiang's keylogger catching other passwords.

@_date: 2003-07-28 23:20:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Dead Body Theatre 
Steve, did you mean "Hear, hear!"?
Or were you calling for it to happen "here"?  :-)
Back when we had a First Amendment, that was probably legal,
but since Bush inherited the presidency, it might not be...
European feudalism did that also, though Europeans were
less likely to eat the bodies of the losers.
Trial by Combat was tossed out of British law in ~1850,
but hadn't been used for a long time before that,
though dueling was still around in the early 1800s.

@_date: 2003-07-28 23:20:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Dead Body Theatre 
Steve, did you mean "Hear, hear!"?
Or were you calling for it to happen "here"?  :-)
Back when we had a First Amendment, that was probably legal,
but since Bush inherited the presidency, it might not be...
European feudalism did that also, though Europeans were
less likely to eat the bodies of the losers.
Trial by Combat was tossed out of British law in ~1850,
but hadn't been used for a long time before that,
though dueling was still around in the early 1800s.

@_date: 2003-07-29 16:26:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the 
Also, NYT Article was But it sounds like they've chickened out, because  various people freaked
about the implications.  (And they only got as far as it being
"an incentive to commit terrorism", without getting to
"a funding method for terrorism" or to "Assassination Politics".)
 >July 29, 2003
 >Pentagon Said to Abandon Plan for Futures Market on Terror
 >By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
 >
 >WASHINGTON -- The Pentagon will abandon a plan to establish a futures market
 >to help predict terrorist strikes, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services
 >Committee said Tuesday.
 >
 >Sen. John Warner, R-Va., said he spoke by phone with the program's director,
 >"and we mutually agreed that this thing should be stopped."
 >
 >Warner announced the decision not long after Senate Democratic Leader Thomas
 >Daschle took to the floor to denounce the program as "an incentive actually
 >to commit acts of terrorism."
 >
 >Warner made the announcement during a confirmation hearing for retired Gen.
 >Peter J. Schoomaker, nominated to be Army chief of staff.

@_date: 2003-07-30 05:56:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
Assuming it can be legally structured as a "Futures Market",
rather than as "Illegal Gambling", it could make money.
(There are obviously some bets it's unlikely to handle,
such as the bet that Idea Futures markets would be successfully prosecuted
as illegal gambling :-)
This provides a number of Doubleplus-Good Things.
- Government agencies can be funded by private ideas futures speculation
rather than by taxes, freeing them from the tiresome needs of
Congressional budget requests and oversight.  No more Ollie North trials!
- Private organizations can fund government agencies to do specific things
and launder the money through the market, rather than needing to lobby
Congresscritters to fund them.  There's a bit less leverage this way,
but surely there are some Congresscritters who'd appreciate that
private organizations were betting they'd live to 100 like Strom Thurmond.
- All those boring old Neutrality Act laws that keep companies like
ITT and Halliburton from overthrowing foreign governments
and forbid patriotic Americans to be foreign mercenaries
can be avoided, because they won't need to do that any more -
they can just bet sufficient sums that governments will be overthrown
and they'll go overthrow themselves, and those patriotic Americans
can be working as, ummm, investment logistics expediters instead of mercs.
- The system will be completely Anonymous, and
         Anonymity is Strength!
- Of course Oceania has always had an Idea Futures position about
the downfall of WestAsia.  Why do you ask?

@_date: 2003-07-30 05:56:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
Assuming it can be legally structured as a "Futures Market",
rather than as "Illegal Gambling", it could make money.
(There are obviously some bets it's unlikely to handle,
such as the bet that Idea Futures markets would be successfully prosecuted
as illegal gambling :-)
This provides a number of Doubleplus-Good Things.
- Government agencies can be funded by private ideas futures speculation
rather than by taxes, freeing them from the tiresome needs of
Congressional budget requests and oversight.  No more Ollie North trials!
- Private organizations can fund government agencies to do specific things
and launder the money through the market, rather than needing to lobby
Congresscritters to fund them.  There's a bit less leverage this way,
but surely there are some Congresscritters who'd appreciate that
private organizations were betting they'd live to 100 like Strom Thurmond.
- All those boring old Neutrality Act laws that keep companies like
ITT and Halliburton from overthrowing foreign governments
and forbid patriotic Americans to be foreign mercenaries
can be avoided, because they won't need to do that any more -
they can just bet sufficient sums that governments will be overthrown
and they'll go overthrow themselves, and those patriotic Americans
can be working as, ummm, investment logistics expediters instead of mercs.
- The system will be completely Anonymous, and
         Anonymity is Strength!
- Of course Oceania has always had an Idea Futures position about
the downfall of WestAsia.  Why do you ask?

@_date: 2003-07-30 23:58:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Japan making RFID-trackable cash 
Japan's starting to add RFIDs to their 10000-yen (~$100) bills.
Notes will come with Hitachi's 0.3mm "mew-chip" which
responds to radio signals by sending out a 128-bit number.
Each chip costs about 50 yen.
The article says that each number _could_ be a serial number,
but doesn't say that they know it is; the alternative would be
something that indicated the production batch or whatever.
The Reg's report sounds like it's based on
what someone saw on a TV show,
but also indicates they're starting production.

@_date: 2003-07-30 23:58:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Japan making RFID-trackable cash 
Japan's starting to add RFIDs to their 10000-yen (~$100) bills.
Notes will come with Hitachi's 0.3mm "mew-chip" which
responds to radio signals by sending out a 128-bit number.
Each chip costs about 50 yen.
The article says that each number _could_ be a serial number,
but doesn't say that they know it is; the alternative would be
something that indicated the production batch or whatever.
The Reg's report sounds like it's based on
what someone saw on a TV show,
but also indicates they're starting production.

@_date: 2003-07-31 23:08:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Digicash Patents 
Tim replied to Bob -
Hey, the parties were pretty good, and RSA gave out T-shirts :-)
In practice, everybody who really needed to use RSA had
either licensed the technology for a reasonable (or too high) price,
or else was a free software developer violating the patents,
or else was a free or low-key software developer living within RSAREF.
The Mark Twain Bank people had licensed Chaum's patents,
and their failure had a lot less to do with the cost of licensing
the patent than with their inability to figure out how to
get customers and merchants, and their ability to make it
too difficult to get an account.
Mondex wasn't Chaumian, and it failed, along with a number of
other vaguely cash-like payment systems during the boom.
(I'm referring to the payment systems that handled actual money,
not just the silly Green-stamp emulators like Beenz and Flooz.)
By contrast, the Austin Cypherpunks Credit Union project
figured out that making money would be hard before starting a business,
as well as discovering that dealing with Chaum was also hard,
so they didn't get far enough to fail.
Eric Hughes had some good insights into why
"it's really hard to start a new payment system".
I supposed I'd categorize the efforts into two basic groups
- projects run by banks or bank-like companies that
wanted to actually run a service and hoped to make a profit
- startups funded by VC money that wanted to make startup money,
which depends on VCs and IPOs and Other People's Money,
and is only marginally related to actually making a profit,
though most of them also hoped they'd wildly succeed like other dotcoms.
There may have been a few other types of projects,
but this was most of them.

@_date: 2003-08-19 07:40:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
The Feds spent a lot of time saying "We haven't proven it's not terrorists"
"Just in case it's terrorists we'll impede your right to travel"
"Could be terrorists, but we haven't definitively ruled it out"
"Civil rights?  What civil rights?"  "Be afraid, it might have been terrorists"
"No, we're not requiring the airlines to demand ID, that's voluntary"
"Unabombers under the bed!"  "Of course you need Gov't ID to travel"
"Really, we're in control, trust us!"
"Those aren't the civil rights you're looking for"
"[expletive deleted]!  Looks like it was an electrical problem on TWA800"
"Give *what* civil rights back?  You've *always* had to give ID to travel!"
The real coverup was that the Feds didn't have the jurisdiction
to impose travel controls on Americans, but they could get the airlines
to claim that the Feds were requiring them to do it, which the airlines
liked because it reduced the ability of travellers to resell cheap tickets,
and that when the ostensible terrorists were accounted for
(TWA800 was a genuine accident, and Teddy the K was caught),
they weren't going to reduce their controls or lying,
because they really *liked* controlling our travel.

@_date: 2003-08-18 15:59:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CAPPS II is back - DontSpyOn.US 
Bill Scannell, who did the Boycott Delta project about CAPPS II,
reports that they're back.

@_date: 2003-08-12 08:03:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
Fearghas pointed out the obvious workaround for this,
which is that if you don't like AOL's policies on incoming or outgoing email, or your cable modem provider's policies*
(which in the US are pretty much guaranteed to be lame),
or the cheapest DSL provider around,
but you want to keep them because they're cheap or have
other features you like, then fine, just use them for Internet packet forwarding,
and find yourself an email provider with policies you like.
You don't need to find all of them - you only need one.
There are about 10,000 ISPs in the US, last time I looked,
plus hundreds to thousands of hosting and colo providers who will
sell you at least a virtual host, plus myriads of customers of
hosting providers who have the resources to run an email business,
plus hundreds of thousands of unemployed former dot-commers
who'd probably be interested in starting a business if they can't
find themselves an employer, and at least 50% of them have the capital required to start a small email provider business,
and at least 10% of them have enough capital to start a medium business,
big enough to get going if they can find customers.
That means that if just 0.01% of those people or businesses
agree with you about how the email business really should be run,
then there are probably a dozen or so that claim to be just what you want,
and at least half a dozen that are actually competent.
If just 1% of them agree with you, then there are thousands of them.
Go use Google and go find them, or post a message in the appropriate newsgroups asking for them.
If you *can't* fund a dozen providers like that, much less a thousand,
then obviously the collective wisdom Internet community doesn't agree with your ideas well enough to justify making a law against
how the other 99% or 99.99% of email providers run their businesses.
Furthermore, if you think you're RIGHT, not just about how you want
_some_ ISP to run a service so you can get what you want for your email,
but COSMICALLY, STALLMANESQUELY RIGHT about how every ISP should be run,
then don't try to convince some technically clueless Congresscritter,
get off your ass and go convince people.  By the time you've convinced
20% of the customers that that's what ISPs should do,
and convinced 20% of the ISPs, everybody else will get the clue.
And if you want to get rich while doing so,
as opposed to merely popular like Stallman (:-),
one of the best ways to do it is to set up a business and
show the other ISPs what a REAL mail server looks like
while millions of customers show up at your doorstep
(hmmm, that's back to the "get off your ass" bit again),
or more realistically, dozens show up which gets you enough user feedback
to tweak the service and advertising to attract hundreds of users,
which brings in enough cash flow to advertise to get thousands,
at which point you've had trouble scaling and have redesigned
to something actually scalable, which is a bit tough at $5/month * 1000 users,
and then the world beats a path to your door because somebody's
finally heard of you.

@_date: 2003-08-10 21:50:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the 
One of the similarities is that, aside from there being government anti-gambling laws that might forbid both,
the Baseball Leagues have rules against members
(both players and owners) gambling on the results -
is John Poindexter the next Pete Rose?
Also, various administration statements came out about
how they were going to limit the bets to token amounts, e.g. $100,
which might prevent funding of terrorist groups
        (including Ollie North projects as well as Al Qaeda projects,
        if in fact the two weren't connected),

@_date: 2003-08-08 07:40:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: The Declan McCullagh Fatwa. 
The general comment I've heard about Italian Fascism's effectiveness
was that they never did actually get the trains to run on time -
it was just political promises, any more than the Elder Bush's
"No New Taxes" meant that the US actually wouldn't have any new taxes.

@_date: 2003-08-06 09:42:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: They never learn: "Omniva Policy Systems" 
They had what looked like a legitimate security / privacy product,
and were upfront about the threat models being regulators and anti-trust cops.
While it's hard to tell from the web site, it looks like
they've still got the same basic technical model -
instead of sending raw text, you're sending text encrypted using a key
that you fetch from a key server, and when the recipient wants to view it,
the recipient runs a viewer that fetches a decryption key.
The policy enforcement runs on the key server,
which deletes keys when the policy says the document should expire,
and apparently places some controls on who it's willing to hand keys to.
People save stuff all the time, and forget it, and backup systems often save it
even if they didn't explicitly try to save it themselves.
By shipping the sensitive messages as encrypted files,
the Save functions are only saving the encrypted version, not the cleartext.
On the other hand, I don't know how much their integration with Outlook breaks it.
You can set up your policy servers to set who's allowed to fetch keys.
There's no indication on the web site about how much granularity this has,
or how much protection or authentication they really do.
Policy servers are run by the company using the system, not by Omniva,
so you're still dependent on their competence as well as their honesty,
and if they want to ship a broken system, it's not hard to hide it
(e.g. use a compromised random number generator for the keys.)
I didn't see Ryze.  Looks like some kind of job-hunting thing.
Minciu Sodas does look like a weird site - I'm not sure how much it's
just a self-hyping conference board and how many people agree with each other like bloggers,
but I didn't see anything on there that was actual content by Jeff,
but it was too cluttery to spend much time hunting through.
Jack Rosenberg, actually.  Car salesman, with no self-doubt at all.
While I thought Andrew Orlowski's Register article was pretty shoddy reporting,
the Extropians Secret Handshake bit was funny.

@_date: 2003-08-06 08:52:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Others speak out in support of PAM 
Nobody knows know-nothings like Pat Buchanan.
But as occasionally happens, I have to say that
he's written a really excellent article,
knowing how to talk to a layperson about something
that's obscure and technical (and probably not something
he personally understands technically, but he's got the
policy issues down pretty solidly.)
He explains why it's important, and why it would have been
a good thing to do, and some interesting speculation
and facts about the Pearl Harbor attack I hadn't known,
which he ties into the PAM issue well.  Read it - it's good stuff.
Then, of course, he reminds us that in spite of being intelligent,
he's still good old offensive Pat Buchanan, by talking about how
John Poindexter was first in his class at Annapolis
and is being hounded out of Congress (without mentioning that
Poindexter is also a convicted liar who's got no business
in America's government though perhaps he ought to be out of jail by now),
but even in doing that, he gets in a few well-deserved jabs at Congress.

@_date: 2003-08-06 07:43:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Teen arrested at Logan for alleged sarcasm in his bag 
Aside from John's "Suspected Terrorist" pin,
I think he's been one of the people who carries around a nice
metal engraved copy of the Bill of Rights in his hand luggage.

@_date: 2003-08-02 08:57:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: CA Gov calls Shrub Shrub 
I'd interpreted "CA Gov" as "The Governor of California"
rather than "The Government of Canada" (or a province thereof),
and was hoping for some good flames about our recallable incompetent :-)

@_date: 2003-08-03 07:02:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Secure IDE? (fwd) 
If you look at the usage models and threat models,
it's simply not a problem.  This is a disk drive.
Anybody who has access to disk drive transactions
sufficient to try replay attacks already has deep-level
access to your hardware, so you're toast anyway
because they can see the unencrypted data before it's written.
What this kind of system is normally good for
is making sure that anybody who steals your hardware
when it's not running can't read your disk's data.
(Steals includes thieves with and without warrants or subpoenas...)
There's not really a risk of replay attacks there.
However, there's an emerging application for which
disk drives are more vulnerable, which is remote storage.
Some of the new disk interface standards, like Fibre Channel,
and probably some of the flavors of iSCSI,
can operate over distances of 20km and longer over fiber,
leading to businesses like colocation centers in New Jersey
providing big disk drive farms for New York City financial businesses
which have their mainframes in Manhattan.
For applications like that, it is important to do good IVs,
because control of the disk drive doesn't imply control of the machine.

@_date: 2003-08-03 07:02:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Secure IDE? (fwd) 
If you look at the usage models and threat models,
it's simply not a problem.  This is a disk drive.
Anybody who has access to disk drive transactions
sufficient to try replay attacks already has deep-level
access to your hardware, so you're toast anyway
because they can see the unencrypted data before it's written.
What this kind of system is normally good for
is making sure that anybody who steals your hardware
when it's not running can't read your disk's data.
(Steals includes thieves with and without warrants or subpoenas...)
There's not really a risk of replay attacks there.
However, there's an emerging application for which
disk drives are more vulnerable, which is remote storage.
Some of the new disk interface standards, like Fibre Channel,
and probably some of the flavors of iSCSI,
can operate over distances of 20km and longer over fiber,
leading to businesses like colocation centers in New Jersey
providing big disk drive farms for New York City financial businesses
which have their mainframes in Manhattan.
For applications like that, it is important to do good IVs,
because control of the disk drive doesn't imply control of the machine.

@_date: 2003-08-03 07:34:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Digicash Patents 
Huh?  Paypal was wildly successful at meeting the
perceived needs of end users.  Whether it met the needs of
stockholders before EBay bought it is a separate question.
It wasn't pretending to be a perfect cypherpunks solution.
Paypal gave people who wanted to occasionally sell things
on the net a way to receive payments online, quasi-immediately,
without going to the major hassle of becoming a registered
credit-card-accepting business, and let
people who wanted to buy things online send money immediately
without sending their credit cards directly to random individuals,
and let both sides avoid the delay and bounceability of checks-by-snail,
and reduced the likelihood of fraud in the payment process.

@_date: 2003-08-03 07:34:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Digicash Patents 
Huh?  Paypal was wildly successful at meeting the
perceived needs of end users.  Whether it met the needs of
stockholders before EBay bought it is a separate question.
It wasn't pretending to be a perfect cypherpunks solution.
Paypal gave people who wanted to occasionally sell things
on the net a way to receive payments online, quasi-immediately,
without going to the major hassle of becoming a registered
credit-card-accepting business, and let
people who wanted to buy things online send money immediately
without sending their credit cards directly to random individuals,
and let both sides avoid the delay and bounceability of checks-by-snail,
and reduced the likelihood of fraud in the payment process.

@_date: 2003-08-01 19:18:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Poindexter to Resign 
>  > It's nice that some of the news media have changed from
their previous policy of toadying up to "Admiral Poindexter"
and are now starting out their article by referring to his
known dishonesty and unfitness for public service before getting
down to explaining what they're talking about.
It may not be Fair, but it's a bit more Balanced :-)
Of course, much of this may be a play by the "Senior US Defense Officials"
to make sure he gets the point and does resign,
rather than commentary by the news media,
and/or an attempt to distance themselves from a couple of
unpopular programs by sticking it on the designated fall guy,
but it still couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
Wired is a lot more enthusiastic in its comments than Reuters,
which was terser.  WaPo toadies up to him by starting out
"John M. Poindexter, the retired rear admiral involved in the Pentagon's ill-fated plan",
while Fox News says "The admiral who developed two controversial
Pentagon database programs quickly killed by Congress" and
goes on to make it clear that it's that nasty Congress's fault
for refusing to fund Poindexter's cool programs.
The real question is whether the administration and officials
that rehired Poindexter and hired Ashcroft and Homeland Security
will continue the same kinds of attacks on US civil liberties
now that he's gone, and unfortunately, the answer is presumably yes.

@_date: 2003-08-02 08:57:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: CA Gov calls Shrub Shrub 
I'd interpreted "CA Gov" as "The Governor of California"
rather than "The Government of Canada" (or a province thereof),
and was hoping for some good flames about our recallable incompetent :-)

@_date: 2003-08-03 07:23:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
No, Jim, he understands exactly what law is for in a democracy,
which is enforcing anything 51% of the people want
until something else gets its 15 minutes of public attention,
and that includes "doing something" about spam,
or about people with the wrong skin color or nationality wanting to
live in your neighborhood, or making sure that people with the
wrong combinations of number or gender can't be married,
or providing landing zones for visitors from other planets.
What law is for in a free society is an entirely different question -
I think you're saying that laws that define spam as a tort
are wrong as well as not useful, and I think agree with you.
But democracy is only compatible with a free society when
everybody remembers to bash politicians who interfere with freedom.
Laws _could_ help by defining use of nuclear weapons on spammers
to be justifiable homicide (or litterin' an' creatin' a disturbance.)

@_date: 2003-08-05 08:07:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Slow but interesting sender-hiding covert channel program 
Rob Lemos reports on the following presentation at Blackhat
by Mark Loveless of Bindview; I've got some comments.
The technique works by hiding four bytes of data in the
TCP header's ISN field, bouncing packets off one or more
innocent third-party machines, setting your destination IP address
to the third-party and forging your recipient's IP as the source,
so the recipient appears connection accepts or rejects
from real, fake, or random locations, and the real message
is hidden in the header fields.  The connection type can be
something credible like email or http.
Of course, there _are_ ISPs that do spoof-proofing,
so if your ISP does this, you won't be able to forge the
recipient's address on your outgoing packets usefully.
Spoof-proofing usually limits you to addresses in the
subnet used by your internet connection - if you've got a /24,
you can impersonate one of 254 locations near yours,
but if anybody's seriously trying to track you, you're busted.
There's also the problem that, unless it's sending call setups
that the recipient is rejecting, there'll be a lot of half-open
TCP connections on the recipients, which is a DOS problem.
It's cute, though.
Also, Bindview's security tools site does have an interesting
spoofing-detection program that works by looking at TTL values
for packets you receive that are suspected of being spoofed -
it traces a connection to/from the purported source IP address
and sees whether the time-to-live field on the suspicious packet
is close enough to one from the real route to be believable
or declares it to be bogus if it's too far off.

@_date: 2003-08-06 18:59:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: What happened to the Cryptography list...? 
If it's too quiet on Perry's list, you can always overflow discussions
back to the Cypherpunks list or sci.crypt.

@_date: 2003-08-06 08:28:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: What happened to the Cryptography list...? 
Bob - Perry's cryptography list moved from wasabisystems to
a few months ago.  Majordomo says:

@_date: 2003-08-05 20:00:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: They never learn: "Omniva Policy Systems" 
It's nice to see that they're still around, unlike so many dot.bombs.
The founder came and talked to Cypherpunks just after their PR launch
(IIRC, Bill Scannell was involved in getting them into US today.)
He started off by being very clear about what problems they were
and weren't trying to solve.  They were trying to solve the problem of
making messages expire when all the parties involved are cooperating.
He viewed the problem of preventing non-cooperating parties from
saving copies to be unsolvable snake oil and he wasn't trying to solve it.
They're more concerned with data retention problems,
aka the "Ollie North Email Backups" problem or
"Embarassing Bill Gates Memo" problem -
making sure that when things are supposed to be deleted
that they stay deleted, and that if you don't explicitly
make sure you keep sensitive material that it'll disappear.
In your other message, you mentioned that several Extropians were doing really
squishy stuff, and mentioned that Jeff Ubois's resume also appeared to be.
Maybe you found a resume that I didn't, but mostly lists working with technology companies plus writing articles
for various technical magazines and less-technical newspapers.
There was some marketing in there, but I didn't see any "motivational"
or "coaching" stuff except other people's material on a website he's got stuff on.
Googling for "Ubois" picks up a lot of "Dubois" references, though :-)
I may rant separately about Orlowski's hit piece on Robin Hanson...

@_date: 2003-08-06 08:17:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Year in Jail for Web Links 
It's a rigged game, and the "20 years extra for terrorism"
raises the stakes substantially from the usual
"1 year if you plead, or 3-4 years if you fight and lose" deal.
(In my case, the plea bargain was "We'll drop the obviously bogus charge
if you stipulate that you don't have grounds to sue us",
and given how the judge treated the other cops in his court,
chickening out and taking it was probably the correct decision.)
No, it's *not* Prisoner's Dilemma.  The cops almost never have
anything to lose by accepting a shorter sentence,
except in highly publicized politically important cases,
or by losing an occasional case, and their costs for going to trial
are low enough that, while they save money by pleading out most cases,
it's basically a minimal cost compared to the accused's costs.
(The Prison Guards Union makes a bit less money on it,
but it leaves them room to keep some drug user in jail a bit longer,
and in any case it's not enough money to turn the game into
the classic Prisoner's Dilemma.)
Sometimes there's a case like OJ which creates really bad publicity
for them if they lose, and sometimes they've got a
Johnny Walker Lindh who could give them serious constitutional problems
if they have a trial, but all of those are pretty rare,
though they _are_ Prisoner's Dilemma cases.
Most people they try are either guilty of something,
and the real issue is exactly how many counts of what they're guilty of
and how much they ought to be punished.
Most of the rest of them are the wrong person accused by mistake,
in which case if they lose they can be really sorry and
announce how glad they are that their mistake was noticed,
or they're some quality-of-life crime where dragging the
accused through the process and keeping him in jail for a few nights
or a few months keeps the sheeple in line even if they lose.
(That's especially appropriate for most political-protest cases -
you block traffic for the afternoon, they beat you and throw you in jail
for the weekend, and maybe keep you in a couple extra days.)

@_date: 2003-08-06 17:19:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: In the matter of Mr. Fuq 
Yup.  Mr. Fuq is arguing at least two things:
- If Bob sends a message to Alice that Alice thinks is Spam,
         Alice has a right to sue Bob for spamming.
- If Bob sends a message to Alice the Bob thinks is legitimate,
         and Alice's ISP doesn't think so and discards it,
         this is a criminal denial of service activity.
Now, every spammer out there says that his or her mail is legitimate,
so if Alice hires her ISP to detect and discard obvious spam for her,
she's obviously hiring them to conduct a criminal act so
she's Guilty Guilty Guilty!  She can still sue Bob, but only from jail.
So remember, never Fuq with a troll.
Now, there are other people, such as the EFF,
who will discuss the problems with ISPs that are too
enthusiastic about dropping or rejecting mail,
or (much worse from an internet engineering business)
silently drop the mail without providing a proper reject message,
which is a badly broken evil nasty thing to do.
Dropping mail noisily is not so bad - market solutions let customers
tell their ISPs to be more or less aggressive,
but people who send mail at least know it's been rejected.
Things like rejecting mail from Linux users who are rude enough
to actually run Sendmail themselves instead of being dumb consumers also bug them.

@_date: 2003-08-07 00:36:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: What if all things computable are computable in polynomial 
No.  NP is the set of problems which can be solved in
poly time on a non-deterministic Turing machine,
i.e. which can be solved in poly time if the
magic oracle correctly tells them a poly number of answer bits.
Not all exponential problems fit this model.

@_date: 2003-08-06 21:16:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: What if all things computable are computable in polynomial 
Lots of problems are only computable in exponential time,
or at least superpolynomial time.
The closest we'd get to your suggestion is that
P might equal NP, or (for crypto) factoring might be in P.
Sufficiently large polynomials are easier in theory than in practice -
Karmarkar's polynomial solution to Linear Programming was
something like N**12 or L*N**6 where L was a very large number.
We wouldn't have to go back to OTP, just symmetric-key keyservers
which people used before public-key became well-known.
While the public-key algorithms are based on math problems like
factoring or discrete log, most of the symmetric-key algorithms
are based on intractable ugliness, and on doing enough analysis
to find out which kinds of ugliness and bit-twiddling are really
intractable and which can be cracked.
If the polynomial computability comes from quantum computers,
some of the symmetric stuff seems to reduce from 2**N time to 2**(N/2) time,
so we might need to upgrade from 3DES to 5DES or 7DES, but it's not big deal.

@_date: 2003-08-06 20:58:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: politically corrent terms of color 
"Of color" isn't just blacks - it's also Mexicans and other non-whities.
I think some of the whiny liberal politicians I've heard use it
have been African-Americans of color (as opposed to white immigrants
from South Africa or Rhodesia.)

@_date: 2003-08-08 07:32:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
You just need an ugly enough van that a bit of extra paint damage
on the roof doesn't show.  It's much easier than trying to keep
good paint from becoming bad looking.
Or open and shoot out the back door.

@_date: 2003-08-08 07:32:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
You just need an ugly enough van that a bit of extra paint damage
on the roof doesn't show.  It's much easier than trying to keep
good paint from becoming bad looking.
Or open and shoot out the back door.

@_date: 2003-08-08 07:32:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
You just need an ugly enough van that a bit of extra paint damage
on the roof doesn't show.  It's much easier than trying to keep
good paint from becoming bad looking.
Or open and shoot out the back door.

@_date: 2003-08-08 07:32:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
You just need an ugly enough van that a bit of extra paint damage
on the roof doesn't show.  It's much easier than trying to keep
good paint from becoming bad looking.
Or open and shoot out the back door.

@_date: 2003-08-08 07:32:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
You just need an ugly enough van that a bit of extra paint damage
on the roof doesn't show.  It's much easier than trying to keep
good paint from becoming bad looking.
Or open and shoot out the back door.

@_date: 2003-08-08 07:32:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
You just need an ugly enough van that a bit of extra paint damage
on the roof doesn't show.  It's much easier than trying to keep
good paint from becoming bad looking.
Or open and shoot out the back door.

@_date: 2003-08-12 19:25:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: IRS loses a big one? 
Nah, just a small loss.  It's good to beat them, but hard to repeat,
and they're playing a numbers game.
There are good points and less good points to jury trials.
One of the good parts is that a jury can acquit you for any reason
that they want to, if you can convince them to.
On the other hand, jury verdicts don't set precedents the way
judge verdicts can, and jury verdicts of Not Guilty
can't be appealed, so there's no way to get them escalated
to a wider area, unlike a judge's declaration that
a law is unconstitutional, which applies to whatever territory
that judge has jurisdiction over (whether that's a city
or a Federal District or whatever), though they're useful precedent.
That doesn't mean that winning with a jury isn't a Good Thing :-)
But in particular, even a fully-informed jury that's judging the law
is normally just judging how and whether the law applies to a
particular case, and most jury decisions are really about
the facts of the case or at most how the law applies to those facts.
This jury decided that the IRS had failed to prove that
Kuglin violated any laws about what papers she had to file
or how she had filed any that she did file.
That doesn't mean that she doesn't owe any taxes,
or that the IRS can't find a way to get money from her,
such as garnishing her wages in the future,
or even that any papers she did file were correct -
only that the IRS had failed to prove they were punishably wrong.
(It doesn't even necessarily mean that the way she handled
her papers *wasn't* punishably wrong - only that the IRS
didn't give a sufficiently convincing argument that
the laws their lawyer likes to quote apply to the actions she took
or didn't take in the way that the lawyer contends that they apply.)
In particular, based on the two newspaper articles,
it sounds like the IRS mouthpiece was saying that
Kuglin could and should have had a conversation with them in which
they'd have explained to her exactly where it says she had to
file things their way, and that she'd failed to do so and
was therefore a Bad Person who deserved to be Punished,
when in fact she'd sent them several letters which they'd failed to
respond to so it's their problem that the conversation
didn't go the way they wanted it to.
But hey, must've been some clerk's fault, sorry about the mistake.
The IRS did lose, which it doesn't like to do,
and it may have to find some way to salvage this case
or try to bury it, and probably a few more people will be inspired
to try to do what Kuglin did, and 10% of them might do it competently,
some percentage of them will do it incompetently and get Punished
and possibly made examples of, and most will get lost in the noise.
Me?  I'm not protesting taxes, I'm protesting MS Windows,
but I gave up on getting the disk with my TurboTax on it to boot again
and scragged the data onto floppies using a rescue disk
so we can reinstall onto another system and finish my taxes before the
August 15th extension deadline :-)
(I'm also protesting the Wintel PC Architecture -
I can't get the box to boot from CDROM reliably enough to
reinstall Windows or run Knoppix, even after replacing the CDROM drive,
and it doesn't like to see the new hard disk drive as a slave
when I've got another hard disk as master.  And this year's
[expletive deleted] Turbotax DRM probably won't let me
rerun the return without paying them a second time
because the keying info is stashed in the Registry,
which isn't accessible from a DOS rescue floppy...)
                 Bill

@_date: 2003-08-13 21:00:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: ATMs moving to triple DES. 
I'm shocked that they didn't do so years ago -
I thought they'd at least done the authentication parts.
That's ok - 2-key 3DES still has 112 bits of key strength,
which is 2**56 times harder than cracking single-DES.
3-Key 3DES looks like it should be harder, but it's still only 112 bits
because of meet-in-the-middle attacks using 2**56 words of memory.

@_date: 2003-08-13 21:00:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: ATMs moving to triple DES. 
I'm shocked that they didn't do so years ago -
I thought they'd at least done the authentication parts.
That's ok - 2-key 3DES still has 112 bits of key strength,
which is 2**56 times harder than cracking single-DES.
3-Key 3DES looks like it should be harder, but it's still only 112 bits
because of meet-in-the-middle attacks using 2**56 words of memory.

@_date: 2003-08-13 21:00:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: ATMs moving to triple DES. 
I'm shocked that they didn't do so years ago -
I thought they'd at least done the authentication parts.
That's ok - 2-key 3DES still has 112 bits of key strength,
which is 2**56 times harder than cracking single-DES.
3-Key 3DES looks like it should be harder, but it's still only 112 bits
because of meet-in-the-middle attacks using 2**56 words of memory.

@_date: 2003-08-13 21:00:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: ATMs moving to triple DES. 
I'm shocked that they didn't do so years ago -
I thought they'd at least done the authentication parts.
That's ok - 2-key 3DES still has 112 bits of key strength,
which is 2**56 times harder than cracking single-DES.
3-Key 3DES looks like it should be harder, but it's still only 112 bits
because of meet-in-the-middle attacks using 2**56 words of memory.

@_date: 2003-08-16 00:46:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
Cute, but sounds like a lot of work compared to other obvious attacks
you could do if you're spreading a virus anyway.
The more popular version of this attack is to try to hack DNS servers,
or poison DNS requests, so that DNS requests for google report the wrong thing.
One problem with hacking the hosts files is that
different versions of Windows tend to put them in different places,
though perhaps if you target XP and 2000 and ME and 98 it's consistent enough to work.
The real question is whether the bad guys would redirect to a victim,
or to a fake web server run by them, so they could hand out
bogus responses, such as redirects to various places around the web,
potentially along with some advertising banners.
Besides making google.com harder to reach,
another effect is that lots of people send TCP SYN requests
to 66.66.66.66 port 80 instead of google.com port 80,
and if there's a web server on that port,
they send it HTTP requests for URLs on google.com,
which it presumably will reject.
If 66.66.66.66 is an arbitrary victim computer with no web server,
the main impact is a bunch of extra SYN requests,
so the obvious defense is to filter them out from the router.
If it's got a single web server, moving the server to a new IP address
and using DNS to update it can help, at the cost of disrupting
clients until its DNS update propagates, and getting its router
to drop requests for port 80 (passing other ports is fine.)
If it's a virtual server machine, though, you can't do that
without disrupting all the clients on it, which is too bad;
either hope you've got enough horsepower to handle rejecting the
google.com requests, or front-end it with a squid proxy and
kill it off there, which cuts down the CPU impact,
though it doesn't cut down the bandwidth much.
You could get fancy and have the squid redirect all the real requests
to another IP or DNS name, e.g. example1.net/stuff to example2.net/stuff,
where the new address is on a different machine and if necessary on a different access line.
If it's a router, that's a more interesting problem,
because many routers have wimpy CPUs and do the routine work in ASICs -
so if the router has an HTTP interface for admin use,
and it's not protected by ACLs for some reason,
you might blow it away with the work required to reject google hits.
But if you don't need the web interface, it's much easier to protect.
Also, if the router is in an ISP, rather than at the customer premises,
access to it may be blocked anyway, as a general security mechanism,
and even if it's not, it's usually easy to add that kind of blocking,
by null-routing the traffic rather than by ACLs.
That's actually much less of a risk, except for CPU consumption,
because if the router has enough capacity to handle google.com's traffic,
it can handle the bunch of unsuccessful SYN packets that it gets instead.
Never seen it.  Another variation on this attack is to use
random redirect addresses instead of a single target victim -
that loses the focus for detection and correction that
having a single victim can provide.
If you scatter it around, people will still have trouble reaching Google,
but almost no web servers will get enough rejected hits
to swamp them, so admins are less likely to notice.

@_date: 2003-08-16 19:58:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: paradoxes of randomness 
The standard proof that all positive integers are interesting goes like this:
- 1 is the smallest positive integer.  That's interesting.
- Suppose that you've proven that 1....N are interesting.
- N+1 is the smallest integer that's not interesting.
You can extend this to all integers, and to the rational numbers
using the kinds of ordering that some of Cantor's proofs did.
Doesn't work for real numbers, though - you can have a
"nothing between X and Y is interesting, but X and Y are",
without having any smallest number above X.

@_date: 2003-08-16 19:58:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: paradoxes of randomness 
The standard proof that all positive integers are interesting goes like this:
- 1 is the smallest positive integer.  That's interesting.
- Suppose that you've proven that 1....N are interesting.
- N+1 is the smallest integer that's not interesting.
You can extend this to all integers, and to the rational numbers
using the kinds of ordering that some of Cantor's proofs did.
Doesn't work for real numbers, though - you can have a
"nothing between X and Y is interesting, but X and Y are",
without having any smallest number above X.

@_date: 2003-08-27 07:06:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | Florida Proposes Taxing Local LANs (fwd) 
The standard joke about how you tell a computer salesman
from a used car salesman is that the car salesman
knows when he's lying.  These incompetents like taxing things,
but if they don't know what they technology is about,
they *really* *really* shouldn't propose special taxes on it until they know how to count the objects they want to tax.
A LAN isn't just hardware (which as you say the
purchasers buy sales tax on), it's also the labor
involved in installing it (which they've already
charged income tax on, if it was explicitly paid for)
and the labor involved in operating it
(which also gets income tax collected on it.)
And the prices of any of the hardware except the wire
keeps dropping rapidly.  In the last 15 years,
we've gone from $2000 1-megabit 1baseT hubs
to $20 100-meg hubs, and $1500 VAX and VME cards
to $59 GigE cards and $5 100baseT cards.
And how do you count the interface cards that are
built in to most PCs these days?
And does Wireless count as a LAN?  And if it does, can you add a directional antenna
and make it a WAN to avoid the tax?
And is this only for LANs in businesses?  Or also for LANs at home?  Or is this really an excuse for the LAN Tax Police to go around with scanners
trying to detect people who didn't register their LANs
when they were buying that Cat5 cable at the grocery store,
the way the BBC Police used to go hunting for Brits
who hadn't paid their television taxes?
(Probably not - this seems like a clear case of
incompetence rather than malice - but it *is* the state
where Jeb Bush is governor.)

@_date: 2003-09-13 01:12:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Brinworld] UK firms tout camera phone blinding tech 
That's overkill.  If this thing is ever actually deployed,
it'll be a feature that _asks_ a Safe-Haven-equipped camera phone
not to take pictures here, and if you happen to have that kind
of phone, it won't take pictures there.
The solution to this is not to carry a special jammer device
if you want to take pictures where people don't want it -
it's to carry a digital camera (and besides, those get
much better pictures - the one gsm cameraphone I've tried had
only a 352x288 CCD in it, in spite of not being a cheap phone.)
Alternatively, if you want to transmit pictures there as well as
taking them, buy a phone now that doesn't have that feature,
or buy a PDA with a camera and some kind of wireless card.
Aside from places that want to protect privacy or prudishness,
one obvious market for Safe Haven is police agencies that
want to be able to bash people without being on live video.
On the other hand, they'd probably be just as happy with a
cell phone jammer, which also prevents live voice transmission,
and therefore not only blocks strategic remote recordkeepers,
but also blocks tactical coordination by a crowd's instigators.

@_date: 2003-09-12 18:56:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
Well, as the button says,
   "Any 12 people who can't get off jury duty aren't *my* peers"
Aside from FIJA being an important political statement,
if you're not interested in that kind of thing,
bringing their literature with you to hand out to your fellow potential jurors (*before* you're hauled into the courtroom for a specific trial, so as not to be harassed for jury tampering) is generally a way to get yourself out of the process.  But yes, otherwise, whatever it was that Tim forgot about, no, I don't remember that stuff, unless they ask really precise questions during voir dire.
The last time I was in the potential-jurors pool, it was a case I'd have been tossed out of instantly during voir dire if they'd gotten to me (they went through about 50-60 people, and I was about  on the list.)
The prosecutor was making sure that all of the potential jurors understood that police never lied, and that just because the accused was a 5-foot-tall 90-pound quiet-looking woman didn't mean that she couldn't have interfered with a cop during a family dispute situation, and I'd have had to answer the question about whether I'd been arrested for or convicted of a crime with something like "Well, the police agreed to drop the charges of interfering with an officer in return for me agreeing not to sue them"; the defense lawyer might not have liked me either :-)

@_date: 2003-09-09 01:00:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Digital cash and campaign finance reform 
Steve - The whole thing is a crock, and the problems aren't technical.
None of the proposed users of the system have any desire to use it,
except perhaps as a front for other activities,
and the people who'd want them to make them use it are just meddlers.
It's funny how any time you bring up the First Amendment
in the context of tobacco advertising or internet pornography,
they say "Oh, no, it's not about that, it's about *political* speech",
but if you bring it up in the context of actual political speech,
well then, oh, no, the First Amendment is about not arresting
ranters on soapboxes in the park, or letting people print newspapers
as long as there's official identifying information about the printer,
but it's *certainly* not about actually letting people fund *electoral*
speech, because elections are *way* too important to let unapproved
members of the *public* influence the outcomes....
The couple of papers that Michael Froomkin referenced are
pretty much the canonical references to the approach you're talking about,
but just because there are academics proposing it doesn't mean
it isn't still a total crock.
Now, if you're talking about *real* campaign finance reform,
as in permitting people to engage in free speech even if it requires
money to transmit that speech to their intended recipients,
fully anonymous digital cash is useful for that, in the obvious ways,
and payer-anonymous payee-disclosing digital cash has its uses as well,
if you like to be able to trace the people you're paying,
and anonymous and pseudonymous publishing are also obviously useful,
and then of course there's Blacknet if you want the real info on candidates.
You don't need 100% technical guarantees of anonymity for most political work; the public can usually guess that "Paid for by Californians for Motherhood and Apple Pie" is probably the prison guards' union, or the major opponent of the candidate that the negative TV ad was about, or whatever,
but unless there's a lawsuit or actual investigative reporter, nobody's going to bother tracking them down.
Unfortunately, softmoney.com got snapped up a few years ago;
I'd been planning to set it up as a site for donating your two cents to
John McCain, when he was ranting about banning it.
"paid for by Californians Against Bogus Campaign Financing Regulations,
John Doe  Treasurer"

@_date: 2003-09-09 01:00:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Digital cash and campaign finance reform 
Steve - The whole thing is a crock, and the problems aren't technical.
None of the proposed users of the system have any desire to use it,
except perhaps as a front for other activities,
and the people who'd want them to make them use it are just meddlers.
It's funny how any time you bring up the First Amendment
in the context of tobacco advertising or internet pornography,
they say "Oh, no, it's not about that, it's about *political* speech",
but if you bring it up in the context of actual political speech,
well then, oh, no, the First Amendment is about not arresting
ranters on soapboxes in the park, or letting people print newspapers
as long as there's official identifying information about the printer,
but it's *certainly* not about actually letting people fund *electoral*
speech, because elections are *way* too important to let unapproved
members of the *public* influence the outcomes....
The couple of papers that Michael Froomkin referenced are
pretty much the canonical references to the approach you're talking about,
but just because there are academics proposing it doesn't mean
it isn't still a total crock.
Now, if you're talking about *real* campaign finance reform,
as in permitting people to engage in free speech even if it requires
money to transmit that speech to their intended recipients,
fully anonymous digital cash is useful for that, in the obvious ways,
and payer-anonymous payee-disclosing digital cash has its uses as well,
if you like to be able to trace the people you're paying,
and anonymous and pseudonymous publishing are also obviously useful,
and then of course there's Blacknet if you want the real info on candidates.
You don't need 100% technical guarantees of anonymity for most political work; the public can usually guess that "Paid for by Californians for Motherhood and Apple Pie" is probably the prison guards' union, or the major opponent of the candidate that the negative TV ad was about, or whatever,
but unless there's a lawsuit or actual investigative reporter, nobody's going to bother tracking them down.
Unfortunately, softmoney.com got snapped up a few years ago;
I'd been planning to set it up as a site for donating your two cents to
John McCain, when he was ranting about banning it.
"paid for by Californians Against Bogus Campaign Financing Regulations,
John Doe  Treasurer"

@_date: 2003-09-09 21:27:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Your papers please [what color is John Gilmore?] 
What color is John?  He's Tie-Dyed, of course...
You were expecting a single category they knew what to do with?

@_date: 2003-09-09 21:27:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Your papers please [what color is John Gilmore?] 
What color is John?  He's Tie-Dyed, of course...
You were expecting a single category they knew what to do with?

@_date: 2003-09-10 22:38:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
I don't remember if the Santa Clara County court asked me for
ID when I was last there as a prospective juror.
(And it's probably a bit too much cognitive dissidence for them
if you simultaneously want a parking pass for your car
and don't have your DL because you took the bus :-)
But if you're ignoring jury conscription notices at times that
it's not seriously interfering with your business activities,
you should go check out FIJA.org.
Remember that under the common law, a juror has the power
and responsibility to judge the law as well as the facts of the case,
even though judges and clerks will generally tell you otherwise.
This means that if somebody's on trial for prohibition violations,
you can and should vote Not Guilty if you think Prohibition is a bad law.
That's a large part of how the Fugitive Slave Laws got overturned,
and helped with the demise of alcohol prohibition.
Of course, if a court figures out that you understand this,
and doesn't immediately decide that you're not their type of juror,
they'll probably stick you on traffic accident cases or something
where there's no moral principle of state-vs-citizen conflict,
just a boring who-hit-whose-car kind of conflict.

@_date: 2003-09-10 18:53:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
California's law against Driving While Speaking Spanish is only
about 10 years old, and was a Pete Wilson thing.
It happened about when I moved here - did other states start
doing similar things in the mean time?
The Feds started bullying states into collecting SSNs
when issuing drivers' licenses in the mid 80s,
ostensibly as a way of preventing duplicate registrations,
but I hadn't heard they'd been doing this.
"Homeland Security"?  Back when Pete Wilson was State Reptile,
he was at least only claiming it was to make it hard for illegal immigrants
to come here and compete for jobs and get welfare,
but wasn't pretending they were a threat.

@_date: 2003-09-13 01:12:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Brinworld] UK firms tout camera phone blinding tech 
That's overkill.  If this thing is ever actually deployed,
it'll be a feature that _asks_ a Safe-Haven-equipped camera phone
not to take pictures here, and if you happen to have that kind
of phone, it won't take pictures there.
The solution to this is not to carry a special jammer device
if you want to take pictures where people don't want it -
it's to carry a digital camera (and besides, those get
much better pictures - the one gsm cameraphone I've tried had
only a 352x288 CCD in it, in spite of not being a cheap phone.)
Alternatively, if you want to transmit pictures there as well as
taking them, buy a phone now that doesn't have that feature,
or buy a PDA with a camera and some kind of wireless card.
Aside from places that want to protect privacy or prudishness,
one obvious market for Safe Haven is police agencies that
want to be able to bash people without being on live video.
On the other hand, they'd probably be just as happy with a
cell phone jammer, which also prevents live voice transmission,
and therefore not only blocks strategic remote recordkeepers,
but also blocks tactical coordination by a crowd's instigators.

@_date: 2003-09-15 23:07:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Mexifornia Driver's License 
> Does anybody remember 10+ years ago when a "Driver's License"
wasn't quite a National ID Card or a Citizenship Credential
or a Probably-Not-A-Deadbeat-Dad Right-to-Work Card,
or a Homeland Security Internal Passport,
or an Identity Theft Leverage Device,
but merely intended to indicate that you knew how to drive?
(OK, and that it was therefore ok for you to drink :-)
There was a bit of control added in the mid 80s to reduce the
extent to which people could ditch bad driving records by moving
or by having multiple licenses simultaneously,
but it was basically about driving.
Pete Wilson, who as the CA electrical system market failure demonstrates,
was a Social Conservative type Republican rather than a
Fiscal Responsibility or Small Government type Republican,
decided that it wasn't safe for people to drive while speaking Spanish,
so he got the CA legislature to ban it.
They gradually either became more liberal or more Spanish
or influenced by different pressure groups and tried to change it,
and Gray Davis at first opposed it before deciding he needed
the votes of Mexican-Americans who were US citizens and changed his mind,
and now people who should know better are ragging on him about it.
I immigrated here to California about the time they were waffling
back and forth about whether to require citizenship papers to be in order
to get a driver's license or whether they'd accept a New Jersey
driver's license.

@_date: 2003-09-15 23:07:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Mexifornia Driver's License 
> Does anybody remember 10+ years ago when a "Driver's License"
wasn't quite a National ID Card or a Citizenship Credential
or a Probably-Not-A-Deadbeat-Dad Right-to-Work Card,
or a Homeland Security Internal Passport,
or an Identity Theft Leverage Device,
but merely intended to indicate that you knew how to drive?
(OK, and that it was therefore ok for you to drink :-)
There was a bit of control added in the mid 80s to reduce the
extent to which people could ditch bad driving records by moving
or by having multiple licenses simultaneously,
but it was basically about driving.
Pete Wilson, who as the CA electrical system market failure demonstrates,
was a Social Conservative type Republican rather than a
Fiscal Responsibility or Small Government type Republican,
decided that it wasn't safe for people to drive while speaking Spanish,
so he got the CA legislature to ban it.
They gradually either became more liberal or more Spanish
or influenced by different pressure groups and tried to change it,
and Gray Davis at first opposed it before deciding he needed
the votes of Mexican-Americans who were US citizens and changed his mind,
and now people who should know better are ragging on him about it.
I immigrated here to California about the time they were waffling
back and forth about whether to require citizenship papers to be in order
to get a driver's license or whether they'd accept a New Jersey
driver's license.

@_date: 2003-09-16 09:18:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Verisign's Wildcard A-Records and DNSSEC Plans? 
Matt - I'm interested in finding out Verisign's plans for
DNSSEC support for the *.com and *.net wildcards.
Are there obvious semantics for securing them?
What does it mean to say that "64.94.110.11" is or is not
certified by .com as the address for bad-example-12345.com ,
or that something else is?  Is it really the same as a
wild-card that points to real sites?  Your Best Practices says that
it's not incompatible with DNSSEC, but doesn't say anything
about whether you're using it or suggesting others do.
(For other readers, "64.94.110.11" is the IP address I got
from running "dig a '*.com'" to look wildcard DNS response.)
By the way,  returns a nice friendly
web page telling me that there's no web server at 64.94.110.11 :-)
Has there been any security analysis of the effects of putting a
large chunk of Javascript in the response page?  I didn't see
Mozilla listed in the collection of browsers the Javascript was
looking for; perhaps I'm under the radar or perhaps it's
handling it as Netscape (or I missed it in the non-human-readable formatting.)
What are the security implications of the wildcard servers
getting compromised or DDOSed?  In the past,
if my browser or email tried to go to nonexistent-example.com,
it'd get a reject from my system's DNS resolver and fail;
now it starts up a TCP connection to your machines,
so I have to worry about what your machines will say,
and what happens if I can't reach your Internap connection for some reason.
Is it appropriate to have the address be Verisign's?
Or should you be using some special address from IANA?
(I suppose it only takes 15 minutes to change if you change your mind...)
                  Thanks;  Bill Stewart
                      bill.stewart

@_date: 2003-10-29 22:50:00
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Re: Q: Has a change taken place in factoring RSA keys? 
I think that's the source as well - when the most recent of the
TWINKLE and TWIRL papers came out, Lucky Green was talking about
whether it was still safe to use 1024-bit keys,
and $1B for 1 key/day is similar to Shamir & Tromer's estimate of
            (  )
$20M upfront plus $10M for a 1 key/year capacity.
     (The alternative is that it's people believing the usual FUD sources,
     whether they're the pro-government serious FUD sources or the
     fun-yanking-people's-chains clueless FUDsters.)
But if 1024-bit keys are too weak, RSA is still near-exponential,
and 2048-bit keys are roughly 2**100 times harder to crack than 1024-bit,
vs. 4-8 times as slow to use.  4096 is a lot harder than that;
even if you allow for Moore's law and medium mathematical breakthroughs,
you're still not going to fit a 4096-bit cracker on the planet.
Basically, by the time you're interesting enough for them to spend
$10M and a year to crack your machine, you'd better be using 2048-bit keys
for tactical applications and maybe 4096-bit for long-term military secrets,
and since they're targeting YOU, it's a lot cheaper for them to
black-bag your PC or plant cameras in your ceiling or bribe your janitor.
Large random numbers aren't that hard if you're using them for
long-term signature keys, as opposed to DH or symmetric session keys;
it just takes a bit longer to generate the bits.
Also, once you're up above the 1024-bit range, incremental quality is
less important, because attacks on the keyspace are hard to combine
with factoring attacks on the keys, especially if you're whitening them.
But as you say, taking GPG from 4kbit to 8kbit keys doesn't matter,
because it's no longer close to the weakest link by then.

@_date: 2003-10-13 06:39:47
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Removing SSZ - Re: Cypherpunks List Info 
Jim Choate recently announced he was closing the SSZ cypherpunks mailing

@_date: 2003-10-13 23:22:02
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Re: P2P Encrypted VOIP 
Skype has been discussed a bit.  The big problems are
- It's a proprietary protocol they're not documenting,
        so there's no way to tell if it would be any good
        if they've implemented it properly, and
- It's not an open-source implementation, so you can't
        inspect it to see if they _have_ implemented it well, and
- The fact that they'd do either one of those things
        doesn't suggest that they're sensitive to cryptographic concerns,
        and therefore suggests that they're likely to have screwed up, and
- They talk about end-to-end encryption but don't mention key exchange
        or user authentication, which says that at least their
        documentation and PR folks don't have a clue, and
- The fact that they're using proprietary protocols says that they
        won't have an easy time finding commercial off-the-shelf equipment
        to build gateways to the public network, so they'll be less useful,
        and other people won't be able to develop cooperative products,
        unlike all the SIP and H.323 periphery that people are developing,
        but- other than that, it sounds like it could be an interesting system,
        and we could use some interesting user relationship models.

@_date: 2003-10-14 09:10:55
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Re: clicking on ads = funding terrorists 
Depends on how they get paid for the ads - if anybody still pays per view
rather than per click-through, even looking at the site could count,
at least if your local Feds listen to John Ashcroft.

@_date: 2003-11-30 06:48:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: NSA and ECC parameters 
Sorry if this discussion
"Excessive" implies a cost-benefit analysis -
does anybody know how slow 512-bit ECC calculations are in practice?
If they're similar in speed to 512-bit RSA, it's usually fine;
if they're similar in speed to 15360-bit RSA, that's maybe a bit slow,
but if encryption and decryption are only a bit slower than 2048-bit RSA,
it doesn't usually matter if key generation is slower.
Also, while there are _lots_ of applications where short keys rock,
like James Donald's Crypto Kong signature lines, or dumb smartcards,
512-bit isn't too bad, and there are applications where it's usable
and 4096-bit RSA keys take up too much space (e.g. including any
signed data in a 576-byte TCP/IP packet.)
But more importantly, the algorithms are only starting to be explored.
We've got a few hundred years of understanding about primes and factoring,
and even then the applications of computer technology to factoring
have gotten a big Moore's Law hit since R,S,A,D,H, PRZ, and the Cypherpunks
started messing with them; 384-bit RSA keys have gone the way of Bass-O-Matic.
ECC is a much newer set of theory, especially for the kinds of attacks
cryptographers care about, and it's exposed to risks from
algorithm theory and number-crunching practice.

@_date: 2003-11-30 03:18:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Disguising the Key length (Was...Has a change taken place 
The answer to both those questions is
extremely dependent on the message formats
(plus whether the public keys are published :-)
PGP's formats may be ugly bit-twiddly stuff,
but they're also highly visible unless you're using the
add-on stealth packages.  Most of the other formats
for expressing bignum data also tell you how big the numbers are
(or use a fixed-length key.)  Some signature algorithms
produce output that's shorter than the public key
(such as 160-bit signatures), but if you can find the
public key you can obviously tell.
But for the second question, why bother?  Use adequately long keys.

@_date: 2003-11-29 20:05:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Optical Mark Sense - certainly the way to go if you want to computerize,
except that the manufacturers aren't big Bush Republican donors.
I'm used to mechanical lever machines in Delaware and New Jersey
(which seem to mostly work well except for write-in votes),
plus the punch-card things in California which are boring but workable.
If somebody wanted to do an OMS system that had a fancy touch-screen interface,
you could have the touch-screen machine print the OMS ballot,
and lay out the printed version so it's human-readable,
with a bit of extra assistance like checksums,
plus have a verifier read it to make sure it's correctly machine-readable.
That'd let you have big print for low-sighted people,
voice readout for blind people, randomized order for random people, etc.
Actually, it tends to be 352x288, which is the resolution of
cheap CCD video camera chips.  Some of the early cheap digital cameras
used that, before going to 640x480 (good enough for web pictures)
and then to higher resolutions.
They're mostly starting to do 640x480, but they're somewhat limited
by the low data rates that most of the phones get.
Phones with EDGE or 1xRTT or other higher-speed data rates,
and phones that use Bluetooth to upload to computers,
are set to do more, but otherwise it tends to take too long to transmit
(and remember that for phone-to-phone videos between Japanese teenagers,
which are the market driver, it's the slower phone that counts.)

@_date: 2003-11-27 08:49:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Removing SSZ - Re: Cypherpunks List Info 
I don't remember if I replied (my personal email system was hosed for a while),
but there are some Usual Suspects who'll be in town soon,
and we'll probably do some kind of get-together.
It may get called a Cypherpunks meeting or it may just be an expedition.
Of course, if you or anybody else would like to volunteer,
announce a meeting and see what happens, and I'll be happy to help
find the pieces of the mail system that the meetingpunks list lives on.
                 Bill

@_date: 2003-11-24 20:57:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Freedomphone 
If you've got an in-phone address book, might as well
let the user cache some randomly-generated password string with it.
That doesn't protect you against someone stealing the phone,
but it means you've got an authentic connection to your co-conspirator's
stolen phone rather than to somebody else's phone.
If your threat model assumes that they can trick your phone into
doing things, you're already toast anyway.
If you're worried that Interpol will subpoena your phone
and show that the "Alice" and "Bob" passwords in your phone
correspond to Alice the Narc and Bob, your prisoner's-dilemma
ex-co-conspirator who's busy ratting you out,
they can probably do the same thing just from the phone numbers
(IP or otherwise.)

@_date: 2003-11-07 18:30:19
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Blacknet - SF Chron: Credit agencies sending our files  abroad 
More of Tim's Blacknet predictions coming true.
(And they didn't mention that the Jamaican call center's comment on
whether information might be used in ways that US laws didn't control was
"No problem, mon"...)
You are subscribed as billstewart
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at:

@_date: 2003-11-04 10:13:27
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Re: FLASH: DHS wants info on store refunds? 
Sounds like a pure bogus lie to me.  Doesn't mean the _kid_ was lying;
he may have been told that that was the policy,
or the complexities of Homeland Security vs. Fed Firearms Burons vs.
State Gun Law Enforcer Thugs may just be beyond him.
Normally there'd be no reason that the store would be required to
accept your returns at all, except that it's good business,
but in this case they told you they would, so it's a verbal contract.
If you've already talked to the manager, and haven't gotten satisfaction,
then yeah, it's time to deal with the other store.

@_date: 2003-11-27 08:49:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Removing SSZ - Re: Cypherpunks List Info 
I don't remember if I replied (my personal email system was hosed for a while),
but there are some Usual Suspects who'll be in town soon,
and we'll probably do some kind of get-together.
It may get called a Cypherpunks meeting or it may just be an expedition.
Of course, if you or anybody else would like to volunteer,
announce a meeting and see what happens, and I'll be happy to help
find the pieces of the mail system that the meetingpunks list lives on.
                 Bill

@_date: 2003-11-30 00:01:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
Nope - too likely to take pictures of guests who are not unwanted -
perhaps even some who wish to remain anonymous.
However, the "agents"' folder was labeled "SP" -
is this really the Feebs, or the Scientology Police
hunting for Suppressive Persons ?

@_date: 2003-11-30 00:01:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
Nope - too likely to take pictures of guests who are not unwanted -
perhaps even some who wish to remain anonymous.
However, the "agents"' folder was labeled "SP" -
is this really the Feebs, or the Scientology Police
hunting for Suppressive Persons ?

@_date: 2003-11-30 03:18:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Disguising the Key length (Was...Has a change taken place 
The answer to both those questions is
extremely dependent on the message formats
(plus whether the public keys are published :-)
PGP's formats may be ugly bit-twiddly stuff,
but they're also highly visible unless you're using the
add-on stealth packages.  Most of the other formats
for expressing bignum data also tell you how big the numbers are
(or use a fixed-length key.)  Some signature algorithms
produce output that's shorter than the public key
(such as 160-bit signatures), but if you can find the
public key you can obviously tell.
But for the second question, why bother?  Use adequately long keys.

@_date: 2003-11-24 20:57:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Freedomphone 
If you've got an in-phone address book, might as well
let the user cache some randomly-generated password string with it.
That doesn't protect you against someone stealing the phone,
but it means you've got an authentic connection to your co-conspirator's
stolen phone rather than to somebody else's phone.
If your threat model assumes that they can trick your phone into
doing things, you're already toast anyway.
If you're worried that Interpol will subpoena your phone
and show that the "Alice" and "Bob" passwords in your phone
correspond to Alice the Narc and Bob, your prisoner's-dilemma
ex-co-conspirator who's busy ratting you out,
they can probably do the same thing just from the phone numbers
(IP or otherwise.)

@_date: 2003-11-20 01:30:49
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Re: Freedomphone 
While the phone hardware is EU3500/pair, the Windows software is free -
we'll see if they've set it up in a way that PC-to-PC connections work.
I'm also interested in the question of whether they've learned some of
the technical lessons that the SpeakFreely project learned
(e.g. NAT, delay accumulation from TCP, tuning for Windows perfomance.)
While this phone isn't Free Software in the RMSically-correct sense
or even the BSD "leave our name on it and don't sue us" sense,
it's at least openly published for inspection, though unless the
programming environment that it supports is very resticted,
the "compile the code and compare the binaries" approach is pretty lame,
since optimizing compilers tend to make it difficult.
Skype is a non-starter from a security perspective -
too many proprietary parts, apparently including codecs,
closed source, documentation written by people who don't understand
cryptographic security beyond the buzzword level on a team that's
small enough that you'd expect that that implies the coders don't either.
On the other hand, if it gets more than 15 minutes of fame worth of use,
it may be an interesting experiment in user interface and architecture,
which somebody else could use with better crypto and policies.
           Bill

@_date: 2003-11-20 00:49:21
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Re: Ashcroft's bake sale, no questions allowed, gvt-issued 
Remember, the Government isn't speaking English, they're speaking
Bureauspeak,which is a more verbose version of Newspeak,
so most of us here are non-native speakers.
There'll be lots of *questions*, like "Who's getting baked?"
and "When can we impeach the Vegetable?", and
"Oh, my, what absurdly offensive thing will they come up with this time?".
On the other hand, the announcement only says that the _media_
need to have Government-Issued ID and Official Press Passes
and come in the Embedded Servants' Entrance.
Wear your overalls and bring a box of pumpkins and cabbage
and you can walk on in the front door with the other farmers.
Probably have to leave your pitchfork behind,
because even the Bush League gets nervous around peasants with pitchforks,
but no problem if you've got your cell-phone/camera/recorder.
Too bad it's past tomato season on the East Coast....
            Farmer Bill

@_date: 2003-11-20 00:49:21
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Re: Ashcroft's bake sale, no questions allowed, gvt-issued 
Remember, the Government isn't speaking English, they're speaking
Bureauspeak,which is a more verbose version of Newspeak,
so most of us here are non-native speakers.
There'll be lots of *questions*, like "Who's getting baked?"
and "When can we impeach the Vegetable?", and
"Oh, my, what absurdly offensive thing will they come up with this time?".
On the other hand, the announcement only says that the _media_
need to have Government-Issued ID and Official Press Passes
and come in the Embedded Servants' Entrance.
Wear your overalls and bring a box of pumpkins and cabbage
and you can walk on in the front door with the other farmers.
Probably have to leave your pitchfork behind,
because even the Bush League gets nervous around peasants with pitchforks,
but no problem if you've got your cell-phone/camera/recorder.
Too bad it's past tomato season on the East Coast....
            Farmer Bill

@_date: 2003-11-25 19:12:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: [Asrg] Re: [Politech] Congress finally poised to vote on 
I suppose you could do that, though it's probably harder
to coordinate that for subdomains, whose owners are less likely
to be directly managing their DNS records.
You'd probably want to do special cases for large domains
like AOL, etc., where the users have limited gateways to the internet.
You're still vulnerable to DDOS-type attacks by armies of zombies,
though of course they've got lots of other bad things they can do.
Too true.  It's too bad, because you'd only need a couple
hundred million records for the US, and signing up is the
only part that's got real-time performance constraints.

@_date: 2003-11-25 19:12:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: [Asrg] Re: [Politech] Congress finally poised to vote on 
I suppose you could do that, though it's probably harder
to coordinate that for subdomains, whose owners are less likely
to be directly managing their DNS records.
You'd probably want to do special cases for large domains
like AOL, etc., where the users have limited gateways to the internet.
You're still vulnerable to DDOS-type attacks by armies of zombies,
though of course they've got lots of other bad things they can do.
Too true.  It's too bad, because you'd only need a couple
hundred million records for the US, and signing up is the
only part that's got real-time performance constraints.

@_date: 2003-11-25 00:15:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: [Asrg] Re: [Politech] Congress finally poised to vote on 
... [reasonable goals] ...  [hashed-form lists instead of plaintext]...
Especially for domains, it's important to do some validation,
though in the absence of widely-deployed DNSSEC, it's hard to do automatically.
Perhaps 3-way-handshake email to postmaster or
the whois administrative contact address.
(This also has the side-effect of requiring people to actually use their
postmaster addresses, at least for fifteen minutes or so :-)
And while hashing has the obvious risk of dictionary attacks,
it'll at least cut back on some of the abuses,
especially if the list is dynamic and the spamware vendors who
do the dictionary attacks want to charge lots of money for it.
Also, the scale's a lot more annoying searching a million obvious names
on each of 20 million domains with a hash that takes a second per hit,
though Moore's Law will obviously erode the hash time.
Obviously spammers will target popular mail systems first.
However, there are two special email address forms that complicate this a bit
- tagged addresses - username+tag
         There are several different syntaxes for this - plusses, dashes, etc.,
         and either you just ignore the problem
         (let the user register  however many tagged addresses they want),
         or else you special-case the rules so that bulk-emailers
         who want to send mail to a plus-tagged address also must
         check the untagged version.
- per-user subdomains - anything
         Technically this is no different than any other per-domain blocking,
         but administratively it's different, because there's no whois record
         and there might not be a postmaster address.
There's a scalability problem that has to be solved,
which is how to prevent a DOS-by-signing-up-too-many-addresses attack.
An example would be a Turing test image on a web page
(which has the downside of preventing automated signups,
as well as annoying blind people), or else requiring a
hashcash puzzle that takes ten times as long as the list's hash function.

@_date: 2003-11-25 00:15:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: [Asrg] Re: [Politech] Congress finally poised to vote on 
... [reasonable goals] ...  [hashed-form lists instead of plaintext]...
Especially for domains, it's important to do some validation,
though in the absence of widely-deployed DNSSEC, it's hard to do automatically.
Perhaps 3-way-handshake email to postmaster or
the whois administrative contact address.
(This also has the side-effect of requiring people to actually use their
postmaster addresses, at least for fifteen minutes or so :-)
And while hashing has the obvious risk of dictionary attacks,
it'll at least cut back on some of the abuses,
especially if the list is dynamic and the spamware vendors who
do the dictionary attacks want to charge lots of money for it.
Also, the scale's a lot more annoying searching a million obvious names
on each of 20 million domains with a hash that takes a second per hit,
though Moore's Law will obviously erode the hash time.
Obviously spammers will target popular mail systems first.
However, there are two special email address forms that complicate this a bit
- tagged addresses - username+tag
         There are several different syntaxes for this - plusses, dashes, etc.,
         and either you just ignore the problem
         (let the user register  however many tagged addresses they want),
         or else you special-case the rules so that bulk-emailers
         who want to send mail to a plus-tagged address also must
         check the untagged version.
- per-user subdomains - anything
         Technically this is no different than any other per-domain blocking,
         but administratively it's different, because there's no whois record
         and there might not be a postmaster address.
There's a scalability problem that has to be solved,
which is how to prevent a DOS-by-signing-up-too-many-addresses attack.
An example would be a Turing test image on a web page
(which has the downside of preventing automated signups,
as well as annoying blind people), or else requiring a
hashcash puzzle that takes ten times as long as the list's hash function.

@_date: 2003-11-29 20:05:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Optical Mark Sense - certainly the way to go if you want to computerize,
except that the manufacturers aren't big Bush Republican donors.
I'm used to mechanical lever machines in Delaware and New Jersey
(which seem to mostly work well except for write-in votes),
plus the punch-card things in California which are boring but workable.
If somebody wanted to do an OMS system that had a fancy touch-screen interface,
you could have the touch-screen machine print the OMS ballot,
and lay out the printed version so it's human-readable,
with a bit of extra assistance like checksums,
plus have a verifier read it to make sure it's correctly machine-readable.
That'd let you have big print for low-sighted people,
voice readout for blind people, randomized order for random people, etc.
Actually, it tends to be 352x288, which is the resolution of
cheap CCD video camera chips.  Some of the early cheap digital cameras
used that, before going to 640x480 (good enough for web pictures)
and then to higher resolutions.
They're mostly starting to do 640x480, but they're somewhat limited
by the low data rates that most of the phones get.
Phones with EDGE or 1xRTT or other higher-speed data rates,
and phones that use Bluetooth to upload to computers,
are set to do more, but otherwise it tends to take too long to transmit
(and remember that for phone-to-phone videos between Japanese teenagers,
which are the market driver, it's the slower phone that counts.)

@_date: 2003-11-30 06:48:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: NSA and ECC parameters 
Sorry if this discussion
"Excessive" implies a cost-benefit analysis -
does anybody know how slow 512-bit ECC calculations are in practice?
If they're similar in speed to 512-bit RSA, it's usually fine;
if they're similar in speed to 15360-bit RSA, that's maybe a bit slow,
but if encryption and decryption are only a bit slower than 2048-bit RSA,
it doesn't usually matter if key generation is slower.
Also, while there are _lots_ of applications where short keys rock,
like James Donald's Crypto Kong signature lines, or dumb smartcards,
512-bit isn't too bad, and there are applications where it's usable
and 4096-bit RSA keys take up too much space (e.g. including any
signed data in a 576-byte TCP/IP packet.)
But more importantly, the algorithms are only starting to be explored.
We've got a few hundred years of understanding about primes and factoring,
and even then the applications of computer technology to factoring
have gotten a big Moore's Law hit since R,S,A,D,H, PRZ, and the Cypherpunks
started messing with them; 384-bit RSA keys have gone the way of Bass-O-Matic.
ECC is a much newer set of theory, especially for the kinds of attacks
cryptographers care about, and it's exposed to risks from
algorithm theory and number-crunching practice.

@_date: 2003-12-27 09:27:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: I am anti war.  You stupid evil scum are pro Saddam. 
This isn't suggesting that the US kept Saddam on hold for
political expediency, the way they're planning to "suddenly" "find"
Osama _and_ the Missing Weapons of Mass Destruction next October
just in time for the election.
This is just saying that it appears that some well-armed independents
(or traitorous ex-henchpersons, or whoever) caught Saddam a
couple of weeks ago and have been trying to negotiate a good price,
but the US found them and avoided paying them off.
That's believable (though of course it could be staged,
either to deceive the American public about whether we really paid them
or to make it easier for the initial captors to get away with it afterwards.)
It's therefore being suggested that while they've let Saddam
hang onto enough clean underwear for a few weeks of spider-hole time,
that they either haven't been ironing his uniforms adequately,
or else they ditched them because that someone else might catch on
and sell _them_ out for a reward.  I find this less credible.
Maybe the captors have been using his Generalissimo uniforms as evidence
to get the Americans to negotiate with them or something,
but again it's dubious.

@_date: 2003-12-27 09:15:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Orange 
Now that the US has officially stopped being Chicken-Colored,
and started being Northern-Ireland-Terrorist-colored,
do we have to stop using the Yellow Counterfeit $20 Bills
and get new Orange ones?

@_date: 2003-12-22 09:56:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: UN using Satellite Photos to track Israeli Apartheid Wall 
It's fun what you can do with satellite images.
The UN's using them to track the progress of the
apartheid wall that Israel's building to
"keep Palestinian suicide bombers out".
They haven't been all that careful about whose land
they're excluding.

@_date: 2003-12-20 21:51:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Streisand loses to Adleman over California Coastline pics 
Ken Adleman and his wife photographed the entire California coastline
from their helicopter and put it on line free to the public.
Barbara Streisand, ostensible environmentalist, sued because it might let
gawking fans figure out how to get near her Malibu estate.
The suit was against Adleman and his ISPs.
The court agreed that free speech wins and that this was a SLAPP suit,
and dinged her for legal fees.

@_date: 2003-12-18 08:56:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Attorneys General and other musings 
I'm mostly trying to stay out of this rather than going off on rants,
but there's an issue of fact to be dealt with here...
Ramsey Clark is _not_ one of "our minders", stating official policy to the which is what you're implying here.  He was at one time, but that was
long, long ago, in a job title far, far away.
For the last umpteen years, he's been a major anti-establishment figure,
beating up on the US government when they do things that are wrong or illegal.
I'm not sure when it was that he rehabilitated himself, probably during the
Nixon administration, and I don't know if he beat up on Jimmy Carter
or only on all the Republicans (+Clinton) since Jimmy.
In any case, what he's saying here is his analysis of US policy,
spoken years after he was out of office, not that it's any the less correct for that.

@_date: 2003-12-10 01:57:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Got.net and its narcing out of its customers 
Tim?  Trolling?  No, they'd yank his Ontology license if he did that
(and yes, someone already threatened to try that....
Santa Cruz liberals seem to have as bad a problem with jerking knees
as the police state folks do.)

@_date: 2003-12-07 21:47:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Larry Lessig on ending anonymity through "identity escrow" 
I think Declan's got the title wrong -
Lessig's discussions that he references aren't about
ending anonymity through escrowed pseudonymity -
they're about replacing some True-Name-based or linkable
applications with pseudonymous ones.  For instance,
one-use credit card numbers instead of regular numbers,
which not only makes it harder for the merchant to do
credit card fraud, but also makes it harder for
marketers to trace your activities,
even though they can go back to the credit card company
and get that information.
A similar application, which we'll unfortunately probably never see,
is to replace the SSN with a pile of one-use tax ID numbers.
That way, instead of giving everybody who needs to
collect taxes on your account the same SSN,
which they can then use to link lots of records together,
you'd be giving each one a single number that only
you and the IRS can coordinate.
An application that people use all the time
is disposable email addresses.  Sure, you can use declan
every time you give some web site your address or send email to
somebody you haven't talked to before, but eventually spammers get that
and it's too annoying; an alternative is to use free email accounts
when you think you might get spammed.  Hotmail was the canonical source,
though yahoo's easier to use these days.  One of Declan's
fellow columnists, Annalee Newitz, uses a different username at her domain
on each of her newspaper columns; presumably some of them become
spam targets and get trashed eventually.

@_date: 2003-12-07 21:47:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Larry Lessig on ending anonymity through "identity escrow" 
I think Declan's got the title wrong -
Lessig's discussions that he references aren't about
ending anonymity through escrowed pseudonymity -
they're about replacing some True-Name-based or linkable
applications with pseudonymous ones.  For instance,
one-use credit card numbers instead of regular numbers,
which not only makes it harder for the merchant to do
credit card fraud, but also makes it harder for
marketers to trace your activities,
even though they can go back to the credit card company
and get that information.
A similar application, which we'll unfortunately probably never see,
is to replace the SSN with a pile of one-use tax ID numbers.
That way, instead of giving everybody who needs to
collect taxes on your account the same SSN,
which they can then use to link lots of records together,
you'd be giving each one a single number that only
you and the IRS can coordinate.
An application that people use all the time
is disposable email addresses.  Sure, you can use declan
every time you give some web site your address or send email to
somebody you haven't talked to before, but eventually spammers get that
and it's too annoying; an alternative is to use free email accounts
when you think you might get spammed.  Hotmail was the canonical source,
though yahoo's easier to use these days.  One of Declan's
fellow columnists, Annalee Newitz, uses a different username at her domain
on each of her newspaper columns; presumably some of them become
spam targets and get trashed eventually.

@_date: 2003-12-07 21:47:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Larry Lessig on ending anonymity through "identity escrow" 
I think Declan's got the title wrong -
Lessig's discussions that he references aren't about
ending anonymity through escrowed pseudonymity -
they're about replacing some True-Name-based or linkable
applications with pseudonymous ones.  For instance,
one-use credit card numbers instead of regular numbers,
which not only makes it harder for the merchant to do
credit card fraud, but also makes it harder for
marketers to trace your activities,
even though they can go back to the credit card company
and get that information.
A similar application, which we'll unfortunately probably never see,
is to replace the SSN with a pile of one-use tax ID numbers.
That way, instead of giving everybody who needs to
collect taxes on your account the same SSN,
which they can then use to link lots of records together,
you'd be giving each one a single number that only
you and the IRS can coordinate.
An application that people use all the time
is disposable email addresses.  Sure, you can use declan
every time you give some web site your address or send email to
somebody you haven't talked to before, but eventually spammers get that
and it's too annoying; an alternative is to use free email accounts
when you think you might get spammed.  Hotmail was the canonical source,
though yahoo's easier to use these days.  One of Declan's
fellow columnists, Annalee Newitz, uses a different username at her domain
on each of her newspaper columns; presumably some of them become
spam targets and get trashed eventually.

@_date: 2003-12-08 08:11:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
Yes, and one of the LP's problems is that we've largely turned into old farts there also....

@_date: 2003-12-08 08:11:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
Yes, and one of the LP's problems is that we've largely turned into old farts there also....

@_date: 2003-12-11 02:36:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Has this photo been de-stegoed? 
If you're asking whether something has added stego rather than
original picture noise, and how to detect it, that's one thing.
But if you're asking whether something used to have added stego,
and that stego has now been removed, and how to detect _that_
that's a much harder question.
- There was an original.
- Then there was an original with stegobits added.
- Then there was an original with something different done to the previous stego image.
The MITM isn't going to be able to restore the original bits,
but they could replace the stego bits with various kinds of noise,
or with different stego bits using the same stego system,
or using a different stego system, but how can you tell?
If they've replaced the message with a different message
using the same stego system, and the system gives you a method for
determining who a message is from and who it's to,
then maybe you can tell whether the new message is for you or not
and whether it's from whoever you expected it to be from or not, if you knew.
If they've used a different stego system, or if you're using a
stego system that's very good, you're back to the question of
determining whether the message you received was a message
that has somebody else's stego in it.

@_date: 2003-12-11 02:36:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Has this photo been de-stegoed? 
If you're asking whether something has added stego rather than
original picture noise, and how to detect it, that's one thing.
But if you're asking whether something used to have added stego,
and that stego has now been removed, and how to detect _that_
that's a much harder question.
- There was an original.
- Then there was an original with stegobits added.
- Then there was an original with something different done to the previous stego image.
The MITM isn't going to be able to restore the original bits,
but they could replace the stego bits with various kinds of noise,
or with different stego bits using the same stego system,
or using a different stego system, but how can you tell?
If they've replaced the message with a different message
using the same stego system, and the system gives you a method for
determining who a message is from and who it's to,
then maybe you can tell whether the new message is for you or not
and whether it's from whoever you expected it to be from or not, if you knew.
If they've used a different stego system, or if you're using a
stego system that's very good, you're back to the question of
determining whether the message you received was a message
that has somebody else's stego in it.

@_date: 2003-12-10 01:57:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Got.net and its narcing out of its customers 
Tim?  Trolling?  No, they'd yank his Ontology license if he did that
(and yes, someone already threatened to try that....
Santa Cruz liberals seem to have as bad a problem with jerking knees
as the police state folks do.)

@_date: 2003-12-11 16:56:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Is Matel Stalinist? 
Definitely.  He should've written
         "Tyler Durden"'s
instead ;-)

@_date: 2003-12-11 16:56:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Is Matel Stalinist? 
Definitely.  He should've written
         "Tyler Durden"'s
instead ;-)

@_date: 2003-12-11 02:20:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: ALTA/DMT privacy [was: Re: (No Subject)] 
> E-gold and other DGCs do not do much if any due diligence in
 > checking account holder identification
Unfortunately, they also don't due much if any due diligence in
identifying themselves in messages to real or potential customers,
so it's extremely difficult to determine if I've gotten any
administrative messages that really _were_ from them
as opposed to the N fraudsters sending out mail asking you to
log in to e-g0ld.com or whatever fake page lets them steal
your egold account number and password so they can drain your balance.
A policy of PGP-signing all their messages using a key
that's published on their web pages would be a good start,
though it's still possible to trick some fraction of people
into accepting the wrong keys.  For now, my basic assumption
is that any communications I receive that purport to be from them
are a fraud, and it's frustrating that there's no good mechanism
for reporting that to e-gold.
You can't tell if the code you're examining is the real code,
or whether it will continue to be the real code in the future.
You can't tell if the system is making backups of its databases.
You can't tell if the experiments you're making with their system
are really detecting that there's no information stored,
or merely that it's not telling _you_ where they stored it.
You can't tell if they're stashing session keys somewhere
for the Echelon folks to correlate with their wiretap data.
You can't distinguish whether any system is sufficiently advanced or
merely a rigged demo, nor can you tell which one this system is.
You can't tell from discussions with the developers whether they're
lying to you, at least unless they're bad at it.
You can't tell from experiments with the system that
did in fact pay you the money that they should have
whether they'll always do so in the future.
You can't tell from extremely detailed experiments where
they give you the root passwords to all their machines
and let you watch the bits go in and out whether
all future transactions will be handled the same way
or whether they're just stringing you along until there's
enough real money in the system or enough money from real suspects
that the owners or various monkeys on their back want to
rip off or rat out.
You're back to trusting them.  I don't know them,
so I don't know if they're trustable, but there are people
in this business who are, as well as others who aren't.
You can tell whether you've given them any real information,
and if the system doesn't collect it, it can't rat you out.
But otherwise, it's basically trust.

@_date: 2003-12-14 08:40:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Compromised Remailers 
The TLAs have proposed running various anonymizers for China
and other countries that have oppressive eavesdroppers.
If you go look at past remailer discussions (probably starting with
Tim's Cyphernomicon or some of the remailer docs),
you'll be reminded that just using one remailer isn't enough
if you're worried about it being compromised,
though it's usually fine for trolling mailing lists :-)
Remailers are secure if at least one remailer in a chain
is _not_ compromised, so you not only want to be sure
that some of the remailers you chain through are run by good people,
but that their machines are likely not to have been cracked,
and ideally you use remailers in multiple legal jurisdictions
because that reduces the ability of any one government to put
pressure on the remailer operators, and increases the chances that
if all of the remailers are compromised, at least one of them
isn't compromised by someone who's interested in _you_.

@_date: 2003-12-14 08:40:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Compromised Remailers 
The TLAs have proposed running various anonymizers for China
and other countries that have oppressive eavesdroppers.
If you go look at past remailer discussions (probably starting with
Tim's Cyphernomicon or some of the remailer docs),
you'll be reminded that just using one remailer isn't enough
if you're worried about it being compromised,
though it's usually fine for trolling mailing lists :-)
Remailers are secure if at least one remailer in a chain
is _not_ compromised, so you not only want to be sure
that some of the remailers you chain through are run by good people,
but that their machines are likely not to have been cracked,
and ideally you use remailers in multiple legal jurisdictions
because that reduces the ability of any one government to put
pressure on the remailer operators, and increases the chances that
if all of the remailers are compromised, at least one of them
isn't compromised by someone who's interested in _you_.

@_date: 2003-12-20 03:07:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
So far he's avoided being treated like Mussolini.
While James has been wrong about 90% of this discussion (:-),
I have to agree with him here - while the US was clearly propagandizing
that they had him in their absolute control, they were also
initially treating him in a quasi-civilized manner.
The dude's been hiding in a hole in the ground,
so checking him for lice is reasonable treatment.
(I'm puzzled by the comment about the shave, though -
all the "fair and balanced" news coverage still shows him with the beard....)
On the other hand, various spokescritters keep saying
that they're going to stop treating him in a civilized manner,
and that while they're not quite going to torture him,
they're going to put him in a high-stress sleep-deprivation environment.
I'm not sure if they're going more for the Vietnamese tiger cage model,
or the Israeli army Palestinian Detainee model, or the
Soviet purged general model, but it's No More Mr. Civilized
until he confesses his crimes against the society.
In general, between the times the Nazi war criminals were captured
and the times they got tried and hanged or shot, the US mostly
treated most of them in a civilized manner, except during the active
parts of the war where sometimes they wanted operational information.
Apparently not the case here.

@_date: 2003-12-20 03:07:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
So far he's avoided being treated like Mussolini.
While James has been wrong about 90% of this discussion (:-),
I have to agree with him here - while the US was clearly propagandizing
that they had him in their absolute control, they were also
initially treating him in a quasi-civilized manner.
The dude's been hiding in a hole in the ground,
so checking him for lice is reasonable treatment.
(I'm puzzled by the comment about the shave, though -
all the "fair and balanced" news coverage still shows him with the beard....)
On the other hand, various spokescritters keep saying
that they're going to stop treating him in a civilized manner,
and that while they're not quite going to torture him,
they're going to put him in a high-stress sleep-deprivation environment.
I'm not sure if they're going more for the Vietnamese tiger cage model,
or the Israeli army Palestinian Detainee model, or the
Soviet purged general model, but it's No More Mr. Civilized
until he confesses his crimes against the society.
In general, between the times the Nazi war criminals were captured
and the times they got tried and hanged or shot, the US mostly
treated most of them in a civilized manner, except during the active
parts of the war where sometimes they wanted operational information.
Apparently not the case here.

@_date: 2003-12-15 18:37:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
But Saddam isn't a soldier - he's a politician.   He may also have
been in charge of his country's army, but he was being attacked because
of his position as a political leader.

@_date: 2003-12-15 18:37:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
But Saddam isn't a soldier - he's a politician.   He may also have
been in charge of his country's army, but he was being attacked because
of his position as a political leader.

@_date: 2003-12-18 08:56:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Attorneys General and other musings 
I'm mostly trying to stay out of this rather than going off on rants,
but there's an issue of fact to be dealt with here...
Ramsey Clark is _not_ one of "our minders", stating official policy to the which is what you're implying here.  He was at one time, but that was
long, long ago, in a job title far, far away.
For the last umpteen years, he's been a major anti-establishment figure,
beating up on the US government when they do things that are wrong or illegal.
I'm not sure when it was that he rehabilitated himself, probably during the
Nixon administration, and I don't know if he beat up on Jimmy Carter
or only on all the Republicans (+Clinton) since Jimmy.
In any case, what he's saying here is his analysis of US policy,
spoken years after he was out of office, not that it's any the less correct for that.

@_date: 2003-12-20 21:51:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Streisand loses to Adleman over California Coastline pics 
Ken Adleman and his wife photographed the entire California coastline
from their helicopter and put it on line free to the public.
Barbara Streisand, ostensible environmentalist, sued because it might let
gawking fans figure out how to get near her Malibu estate.
The suit was against Adleman and his ISPs.
The court agreed that free speech wins and that this was a SLAPP suit,
and dinged her for legal fees.

@_date: 2003-12-27 09:27:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: I am anti war.  You stupid evil scum are pro Saddam. 
This isn't suggesting that the US kept Saddam on hold for
political expediency, the way they're planning to "suddenly" "find"
Osama _and_ the Missing Weapons of Mass Destruction next October
just in time for the election.
This is just saying that it appears that some well-armed independents
(or traitorous ex-henchpersons, or whoever) caught Saddam a
couple of weeks ago and have been trying to negotiate a good price,
but the US found them and avoided paying them off.
That's believable (though of course it could be staged,
either to deceive the American public about whether we really paid them
or to make it easier for the initial captors to get away with it afterwards.)
It's therefore being suggested that while they've let Saddam
hang onto enough clean underwear for a few weeks of spider-hole time,
that they either haven't been ironing his uniforms adequately,
or else they ditched them because that someone else might catch on
and sell _them_ out for a reward.  I find this less credible.
Maybe the captors have been using his Generalissimo uniforms as evidence
to get the Americans to negotiate with them or something,
but again it's dubious.

@_date: 2003-12-22 06:59:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: I am anti war.  You stupid evil scum are pro Saddam. 
Saddam's not particularly related to the terrorists,
especially the 9/11 gang, other than having a common enemy.
He's apparently funded some terrorism in Israel,
but then the Israelis have funded lots of terrorism in Palestine.
He is related to the anti-invader resistance, but that's fair.
He may have been involved in a plot to kill George Bush the Elder,
but Bush had tried to kill him first, with decapitation bombings.
Either try both of them for that, or neither of them, or better,
let the two of them do pistols at dawn.  (Come to think of it,
give enough people that opportunity and the problem goes away.)
(Of *course* I meant give them that opportunity with Saddam, not Bush...)
But making up pretenses for invasion any time people question
your previous pretense is simply unprofessional.
If you want to have any pretense of caring about the Rule of Law,
you need to stick to it even after capturing your enemies,
otherwise you're just an illegitimate tyrant.
(Also, it's nice to pronounce "rule of law" the way Jefferson did,
rather than sounding like Bismarck's speech about "Blut und Eisen".)
That means either letting him go, or finding something to
try him for that you can not only prove, but that you have
your own standing to try him for, or else turn him over to
someone else who has a legitimate case.  Handing him to the ICC is fine,
if you don't think drowning people in red tape is cruel&unusual,
or hand him to the Kuwaitis, but not to the gang who were
lying about Iraqis ripping babies out of incubators.
Or to the Iraqis.
The US did support Saddam in the Iran-Iraq war, because he was
more in line with their interests than the Ayatollah's gang were.
However, unlike Noriega, I doubt he was a direct employee,
so if they wanted to attack him, the right channel was to declare war,
rather than to just call in CIA Internal Affairs....

@_date: 2003-12-22 06:59:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: I am anti war.  You stupid evil scum are pro Saddam. 
Saddam's not particularly related to the terrorists,
especially the 9/11 gang, other than having a common enemy.
He's apparently funded some terrorism in Israel,
but then the Israelis have funded lots of terrorism in Palestine.
He is related to the anti-invader resistance, but that's fair.
He may have been involved in a plot to kill George Bush the Elder,
but Bush had tried to kill him first, with decapitation bombings.
Either try both of them for that, or neither of them, or better,
let the two of them do pistols at dawn.  (Come to think of it,
give enough people that opportunity and the problem goes away.)
(Of *course* I meant give them that opportunity with Saddam, not Bush...)
But making up pretenses for invasion any time people question
your previous pretense is simply unprofessional.
If you want to have any pretense of caring about the Rule of Law,
you need to stick to it even after capturing your enemies,
otherwise you're just an illegitimate tyrant.
(Also, it's nice to pronounce "rule of law" the way Jefferson did,
rather than sounding like Bismarck's speech about "Blut und Eisen".)
That means either letting him go, or finding something to
try him for that you can not only prove, but that you have
your own standing to try him for, or else turn him over to
someone else who has a legitimate case.  Handing him to the ICC is fine,
if you don't think drowning people in red tape is cruel&unusual,
or hand him to the Kuwaitis, but not to the gang who were
lying about Iraqis ripping babies out of incubators.
Or to the Iraqis.
The US did support Saddam in the Iran-Iraq war, because he was
more in line with their interests than the Ayatollah's gang were.
However, unlike Noriega, I doubt he was a direct employee,
so if they wanted to attack him, the right channel was to declare war,
rather than to just call in CIA Internal Affairs....

@_date: 2003-12-21 21:13:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: I am anti war.  You stupid evil scum are pro Saddam. 
But this isn't an American war or occupation.  It's a war by the Allies,
including the US, Great Britain, and the Coalition Of the Willing,
and the UK and most of the COWs are responsible for bringing this to the ICC.
That means it's either the Iraqis that get to try Saddam and hang him,
or else the Americans have to pretend that they weren't pretending
that this was an international effort.
(Did Iraq join the ICC?)

@_date: 2003-12-24 05:10:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: I am anti war.  You lot support Saddam 
It's amazing how many people are building burgers these days
instead of doing technical work, now that sockpuppets.com crashed.
Usually they're round, and Wendy's makes square ones,
but I haven't seen the trilateralist flavor before...

@_date: 2003-12-24 05:10:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: I am anti war.  You lot support Saddam 
It's amazing how many people are building burgers these days
instead of doing technical work, now that sockpuppets.com crashed.
Usually they're round, and Wendy's makes square ones,
but I haven't seen the trilateralist flavor before...

@_date: 2003-12-22 09:56:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: UN using Satellite Photos to track Israeli Apartheid Wall 
It's fun what you can do with satellite images.
The UN's using them to track the progress of the
apartheid wall that Israel's building to
"keep Palestinian suicide bombers out".
They haven't been all that careful about whose land
they're excluding.

@_date: 2003-12-27 07:38:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
As Tim pointed out, the Swastika symbol had long use before the
Nazis picked it up.  I remember going into a temple in Guangzhou China
which had three large Buddha statues with it on their chests,
and some of the Native American cultures prominently weave it
into baskets.  In Asia it tends to be a sun symbol,
or sometimes a moon symbol depending on which way it's pointing;
in the Americas it tends to be a whirlwind symbol.
If you can drag somebody into court for six months because
you don't like their speech, that's a problem too.
That doesn't mean that it doesn't happen here in the US too,
though more often for speech involving sex than violence,
and certainly our new Attorney General John Ashcroft
has no particular love for free speech.
But you can only throw someone in jail by threatening violence,
so it's hypocritical to say you're doing so to eliminate violent speech.
A friend of mine was on the city council in a Southern California town
where some Ku Klux Klan racist wanted to hold a march.
He wasn't from around there, and didn't really have any local support -
what he really wanted was for the town to ban his group from marching,
so he could sue the town for violating his right to free speech.
The town let him march, and had to bring out the police to make sure
that nobody attacked him or his five or ten friends while they marched.
It was the right thing to do, though she found it very frustrating.
Sometimes you just have to let people be [pick an insult here...]

@_date: 2003-12-27 07:38:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
As Tim pointed out, the Swastika symbol had long use before the
Nazis picked it up.  I remember going into a temple in Guangzhou China
which had three large Buddha statues with it on their chests,
and some of the Native American cultures prominently weave it
into baskets.  In Asia it tends to be a sun symbol,
or sometimes a moon symbol depending on which way it's pointing;
in the Americas it tends to be a whirlwind symbol.
If you can drag somebody into court for six months because
you don't like their speech, that's a problem too.
That doesn't mean that it doesn't happen here in the US too,
though more often for speech involving sex than violence,
and certainly our new Attorney General John Ashcroft
has no particular love for free speech.
But you can only throw someone in jail by threatening violence,
so it's hypocritical to say you're doing so to eliminate violent speech.
A friend of mine was on the city council in a Southern California town
where some Ku Klux Klan racist wanted to hold a march.
He wasn't from around there, and didn't really have any local support -
what he really wanted was for the town to ban his group from marching,
so he could sue the town for violating his right to free speech.
The town let him march, and had to bring out the police to make sure
that nobody attacked him or his five or ten friends while they marched.
It was the right thing to do, though she found it very frustrating.
Sometimes you just have to let people be [pick an insult here...]

@_date: 2003-12-29 07:13:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black PoW postage 
Once nice thing about memory-bound functions is that,
while spammers could build custom hardware farms in Florida or China,
a large amount of spam is delivered by hijacked PCs or abused relays/proxies,
which run on standard PC hardware, not custom, so it'll still be slow.
Penny Black or any other system that involves tweaking the email protocols
gets a one-time win in blocking spam, because older badly-administered
mail relays won't be running the new system - if their administrators
upgrade them to support the new features, hopefully that will turn off
any relay capabilities.  That doesn't apply to cracked zombie machines,
since the crackers can install whatever features they need,
but at least all of those Korean cable-modem boxes won't run it.

@_date: 2003-12-29 07:13:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black PoW postage 
Once nice thing about memory-bound functions is that,
while spammers could build custom hardware farms in Florida or China,
a large amount of spam is delivered by hijacked PCs or abused relays/proxies,
which run on standard PC hardware, not custom, so it'll still be slow.
Penny Black or any other system that involves tweaking the email protocols
gets a one-time win in blocking spam, because older badly-administered
mail relays won't be running the new system - if their administrators
upgrade them to support the new features, hopefully that will turn off
any relay capabilities.  That doesn't apply to cracked zombie machines,
since the crackers can install whatever features they need,
but at least all of those Korean cable-modem boxes won't run it.

@_date: 2003-12-29 07:13:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black PoW postage 
Once nice thing about memory-bound functions is that,
while spammers could build custom hardware farms in Florida or China,
a large amount of spam is delivered by hijacked PCs or abused relays/proxies,
which run on standard PC hardware, not custom, so it'll still be slow.
Penny Black or any other system that involves tweaking the email protocols
gets a one-time win in blocking spam, because older badly-administered
mail relays won't be running the new system - if their administrators
upgrade them to support the new features, hopefully that will turn off
any relay capabilities.  That doesn't apply to cracked zombie machines,
since the crackers can install whatever features they need,
but at least all of those Korean cable-modem boxes won't run it.

@_date: 2003-12-29 07:13:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black PoW postage 
Once nice thing about memory-bound functions is that,
while spammers could build custom hardware farms in Florida or China,
a large amount of spam is delivered by hijacked PCs or abused relays/proxies,
which run on standard PC hardware, not custom, so it'll still be slow.
Penny Black or any other system that involves tweaking the email protocols
gets a one-time win in blocking spam, because older badly-administered
mail relays won't be running the new system - if their administrators
upgrade them to support the new features, hopefully that will turn off
any relay capabilities.  That doesn't apply to cracked zombie machines,
since the crackers can install whatever features they need,
but at least all of those Korean cable-modem boxes won't run it.

@_date: 2003-12-31 03:11:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [camram-spam] Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black 
> [what about mailing lists]
Obviously you'd have to whitelist anybody's list you're joining
if you don't want your spam filters to robo-discard it.
The reason it's partly a cryptographic problem is forgeries.
Once everybody starts whitelisting, spammers are going to
start forging headers to pretend to come from big mailing lists
and popular machines and authors, so now you'll not only
need to whitelist Dave Farber or Declan McCullough if you read their lists,
or Bob Hettinga if you're Tim (:-), you'll need to verify the
signature so that you can discard the forgeries that
pretend to be from them.
You'll also see spammers increasingly _joining_ large mailing lists,
so that they can get around members-only features.
At least one large mailing list farm on which I've joined a list
used a Turing-test GIF to make automated list joining difficult,
and Yahoo limits the number of Yahoogroups you can join in a day,
but that's the kind of job which you hire groups of Indians
or other English-speaking third-world-wagers to do for you.

@_date: 2003-12-31 03:11:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [camram-spam] Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black 
> [what about mailing lists]
Obviously you'd have to whitelist anybody's list you're joining
if you don't want your spam filters to robo-discard it.
The reason it's partly a cryptographic problem is forgeries.
Once everybody starts whitelisting, spammers are going to
start forging headers to pretend to come from big mailing lists
and popular machines and authors, so now you'll not only
need to whitelist Dave Farber or Declan McCullough if you read their lists,
or Bob Hettinga if you're Tim (:-), you'll need to verify the
signature so that you can discard the forgeries that
pretend to be from them.
You'll also see spammers increasingly _joining_ large mailing lists,
so that they can get around members-only features.
At least one large mailing list farm on which I've joined a list
used a Turing-test GIF to make automated list joining difficult,
and Yahoo limits the number of Yahoogroups you can join in a day,
but that's the kind of job which you hire groups of Indians
or other English-speaking third-world-wagers to do for you.

@_date: 2003-12-31 03:11:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [camram-spam] Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black 
> [what about mailing lists]
Obviously you'd have to whitelist anybody's list you're joining
if you don't want your spam filters to robo-discard it.
The reason it's partly a cryptographic problem is forgeries.
Once everybody starts whitelisting, spammers are going to
start forging headers to pretend to come from big mailing lists
and popular machines and authors, so now you'll not only
need to whitelist Dave Farber or Declan McCullough if you read their lists,
or Bob Hettinga if you're Tim (:-), you'll need to verify the
signature so that you can discard the forgeries that
pretend to be from them.
You'll also see spammers increasingly _joining_ large mailing lists,
so that they can get around members-only features.
At least one large mailing list farm on which I've joined a list
used a Turing-test GIF to make automated list joining difficult,
and Yahoo limits the number of Yahoogroups you can join in a day,
but that's the kind of job which you hire groups of Indians
or other English-speaking third-world-wagers to do for you.

@_date: 2004-01-24 09:41:09
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Re: test message - ignored successfully. 
Yup.  Didn't see nothing here.
Those weren't the test messages I was looking for.
They can move along.

@_date: 2004-01-19 09:25:04
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: US Census Data Used in Government Passenger Profiling Test 
Several sources have been reporting that NorthWest Airlines
are yet another group of collaborators giving out personal information
on their travellers.  However, Bill Scannell's been looking at the
FOIA information that EPIC received, and apparently some of the projects
that have used that data have been matching it with 1990 US Census data -
you know, the stuff they promised would be kept private for 75 years, etc.

@_date: 2004-01-19 09:28:03
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Electric Bagpipe shuts down jetport 
[Forwarded from the MacDude list, where we're all very happy
for another reminder that bagpipes are respected as military weapons
and not just as musical instruments.... ]
An electronic bagpipe packed in a length of PVC pipe looked so much  like
a bomb on an X-ray machine screening baggage that officials
evacuated Portland International Jetport for more than an hour
Tuesday morning.
The airport was shut down at 6 a.m. after one of the Transportation
Security Administration passenger screeners spotted a suspicious
item in the carry-on luggage of a middle-aged local businessman. The
Maine State Police bomb squad was called in, and the man was
interviewed by the FBI and by Portland and state police before the
airport reopened at 7:45 a.m.
More than 300 passengers on eight flights were delayed, but
transportation officials characterized the response as appropriate.
"Everything was by the book," said Portland Transportation Director  Jeff
Security officials say they believe the Portland man couldn't have  known
how the instrument would look when X-rayed.
"He didn't do anything wrong technically," said Robert Dyer, TSA's
security chief for the jetport. "We've never seen one before."
The man flies frequently and has not been identified as a security  risk,
Dyer said. He would not release the man's name.
This is the first time the airport has been evacuated since a series  of
bomb threats four years ago, before the terrorist attacks of
Sept. 11, 2001, that led to more aggressive passenger screening. Two  of
the 9/11 hijackers left from the Portland jetport the morning of  the
The temporary closing of the jetport comes just six days after a
threat was made over a marine radio to the Casco Bay Bridge. That  threat
shut down the bridge for several hours while it was searched.
When officials shut down the jetport, planes that were parked
alongside the terminal to take on passengers were moved. Incoming  planes
were allowed to land, but remained on the tarmac. A
Philadelphia flight that had been boarding was pulled away from the
terminal; it eventually left without returning to the gate area,
leaving six passengers behind.
The incident delayed six flights and canceled a flight bound for
Albany, N.Y.
The electronic bagpipe chanter consists of a cylinder with a thin  metal
mouthpiece at one end and a battery compartment at the other  with wires
connecting the components. Bagpipers often use the
electronic chanter to practice because it is much smaller than
traditional bagpipes.
In this case, the instrument's components were packed in a
protective case that consisted of white PVC pipe and caps on both  ends.
"That is a common way to carry a practice chanter around. That's how  I
keep my chanters when I'm not using them," said Susan Mack, a
bagpipe instructor from Pownal. An electronic bagpipe makes sense  for
travelers, she said, because you can wear headphones to play it  without
disturbing anyone.
But to a wary passenger screener, the pipe looked every bit a pipe  bomb
and had the things screeners watch for  something resembling a  blasting
cap, a container of explosive, and a timer or battery to  initiate the
"The combination of all those wires made it look like a pipe bomb,"  said
Portland Police Lt. Nelson Bartley. "Obviously it's good that  it turned
out to be something that was harmless, but we didn't know  that."
The screener who spotted the suspicious item at first thought it was  a
computer-generated image that the TSA uses as part of its ongoing
testing regimen, Dyer said. The screener, whom he would not
identify, pushed an alert button after determining the blue and
green shapes on the X-ray screen were in a piece of luggage.
That triggered a series of responses that included the Portland
police converging on the gate area and removing the passenger to a
secure location to be interviewed. Authorities did not rely on the  man's
description of the contents of his bag to cancel the alert.
"Because of how it appeared on the X-ray machine, it didn't match up
with what he was saying," Dyer said.
Police cleared the gate area and evacuated the jetport, putting many
people onto Metro buses, which were used to help keep the displaced
workers and passengers warm.
In all, about 400 passengers and workers were removed from the
Eventually, members of the Maine bomb squad, in consultation with
federal explosive disposal experts, determined the device did not  pose a
threat and the man was allowed to reclaim it.
Flights began reboarding at 7:45 a.m. Despite the ordeal, people
were good-natured and understanding, Dyer said.
"We didn't have one complaint from a passenger," he said.
Monroe said the incident serves as a reminder for passengers to
consider what they are packing in carry-on luggage.
He urged passengers to notify screeners if they are carrying items  that
might be considered suspicious before they subject them to the  X-ray
The owner of the electronic bagpipe chose not to bring the
instrument with him when he finally made his flight. He left it in  the
trunk of his car, Dyer said. Staff Writer David Hench can be
contacted at 791-6327 or at: dhench
Yahoo! Groups Links
To visit your group on the web, go to:
 To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
 macdude-unsubscribe
Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:

@_date: 2004-02-03 01:23:02
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks response to viral stimuli 
Five or ten years ago, when the Feds were still pretending to be in
control of crypto, crypto enthusiasts were still a threat - these days you
can pick up VPN boxes at the grocery store, and if they still care about
us, they're more likely to be interested in content and the identities of
active posters than in the identity of lurkers.   They can observe a lot
just by looking, or they can announce a sale on tinfoil hats and see who
responds, or ask a Stupid Newbie Question and see who flames them, or
forge a message about Guns from a Usual Suspect and see who claims that
theirs is bigger, or post about something tangential like how to stop spam
(which has pretty much replaced libertarianism and censorship as the
all-consuming discussion topic on the net.)
Viruses and Web Bugs are less likely to be useful for detecting
Cypherpunks (or Mac users, or Linux users) than for detecting the general
public - to some  extent we may be smarter about that, or at least
grumpier about HTML mail, plus some of the cpunks nodes filter out that
sort of thing.  But perhaps they're exploiting that stack overflow bug in
PGP 2.6.2 instead.
----END PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----
----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE BLOCK-----
-----END PGP SIGNATURE BLOCK------

@_date: 2004-03-26 22:13:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Anonymizing service employees rat out extortionist 
At 08:16 AM 3/26/2004, Eric Tully wrote to the Cypherpunks list
 > > (and not Anonymiser.com as > we mistakenly wrote in our initial report -
 > > apologies to all concerned - Ed), believing the company's privacy policy would protect him."
Duhhh..   is a competing service, run by different people.
You don't "ask for a retraction" that names somebody else
unless it was somebody else who did it, or at least you don't do so
with the expectation that you'll _get_ the retraction
as opposed to getting flamed in public.
Surfola's privacy policy does say that they won't ever, at any time,
for any reason, give your name, residence address, or email address
to any third party.  I guess we know how much to trust that,
though strictly speaking, it doesn't say they won't give out IP addresses,
and at least one of the articles said that the Feebs could track him down
because he didn't have the sense to use an internet cafe
instead of connecting from home.  (On the other hand,
it said he paid for the anonymization service using Paypal and
giving his own email address, so it's possible that Surfola _did_
rat him out in ways that contradict their privacy policy.)
Also, the original anonymous posting said "no subpoena involved",
but didn't indicate that they knew this was true.
It sounded like it might have been correct, but might not.
Now, this kind of application of Blacknet is the sort of thing
that gives privacy protection a bad name - the guy certainly
deserved to be caught and busted, as well as deserved to have
Darwin remind him that he wasn't as bright as he thought he was....
But Surfola's privacy policy shouldn't be making promises that
it can't keep, or that it doesn't intend to keep.
It appears to be based on a BellSouth DSL line in/near Jacksonville, FL,
which means that Kris is subject not only to warrants,
but also subpoenas, FISA Secret Court Gag-Ordered Subpoenas,
Patriot Act secret gag-ordered requests for assistance from Homeland Security,
legal or illegal wiretaps on anything unencrypted,
and any fishing trips that the local police want to take
(at least if he's not running encrypted disk partitions.)
Its privacy policy ought to reflect that,
even if such things aren't particularly enforceable.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2004-03-20 08:13:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Challenge-response port knocking for TCP 
Firewalls may munge the TCP headers, and if you're just protecting the session setup,
you still need to worry about eavesdroppers and session hijackers.
Also, this doesn't strike me as the right protocol layer to address the problem at.
If you want to be secure, either use IPSEC (in which case this isn't that or else use SSL if you'd rather wrap things in Layer 4.
Alternatively, do the job at Layer 7.

@_date: 2004-03-18 09:46:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Saving Opportunistic Encryption 
The simplest way to get half-safe opportunistic encryption is the "Open Secret" shared secret,
or equivalently, draft-ietf-ipsec-internet-key-00.txt's shared secret.  Everybody who wants to use it just adds it to their ipsec's list of known shared secrets, and uses it unless something better is available.  It doesn't pretend to be MITM-proof, but it's a start.  Doing the whole job correctly is much harder, which is why Gilmore's do-the-job-correctly-or-bust project didn't achieve the "encrypting X% of the net by Christmas", where X>1 and Christmas < 2010.  (This doesn't count the VPN market, which is what got the commercial support, even if many of the vendors used FreeS/WAN code, and it's a much easier problem even if ISAKMP/Oakley is a hard way to do something easy.)
Forward DNS support is widely available, because anybody out there who doesn't want to run their own DNS can find a friendly DNS provider who'll sell them a subdomain they can use, e.g. joecypherpunk.FriendlyDnsProvider.net, and they can even do DNSSEC support (though obviously you can't walk the whole tree unless the roots are signed.)  No ISP support needed.
Reverse DNS support was pretty much a non-starter, because most ISPs don't give the user control over their reverse DNS space even if they bother to implement it at all.   They're getting better, but you're still usually port123.box456.sfo.example.net, and forget getting DNSSEC support.  You *could* make it work by building a separate Reverse DNS tree, like D.B.C.A.opportunistic-encryption.org, instead of hanging it off D.B.C.A.in-addr.arpa.  You'd still have to get people to populate it, and make it scalable and DDOS-proof, but perhaps you could do it.
Reverse DNS also has the problem that it's _not_ a 1:1 matching - a given IP address may have many virtual hosts on it, and therefore many domain names, and the domain names can be different for email vs. web vs. other protocols.  So it can only work on a subset of the application space, even if you've got the control you need.
Of course, forward DNS isn't really what you want, and reverse DNS mostly is, because there isn't a user interface to your IPSEC interface or routing tables, especially if the IPSEC box is some security gateway that the end user doesn't even have access to, so unless you want to invent some other protocol (not ISAKMP/Oakley/etc.) to seed the IPSEC Security Associations, all you've got to work with   is the IP address of a destination, not a name.
It's possible to play hackish workarounds that have the DNS server opportunistically fetch DNSSEC information, with the assumption that most people only talk to IP addresses that they got from DNS lookups, and it even has the performance advantage that you can do the fetch before you send out any TCP or UDP packets to the destination instead of stalling and risking timeouts.  They're not hugely reliable, but they're a start, especially if you're going to fall back to "Open Secret".  They're mainly useful for machines that are doing their own IPSEC encryption, rather than using some IPSEC gateway/firewall box - otherwise you need to build dodgy configurations like running the DNS server on  the IPSEC gateway and making sure DNS caching and IPSEC SA caching times are compatible.   Also, working at this level means you're not just hacking the kernel, or the kernel plus some helper daemons - you're hacking BIND and its competitors, and suddenly you become responsible for maintaining them :-)
Another approach is to invent a whole new protocol, separate from ISAKMP/Oakley/SKIP/etc., which does a handshake to fetch keys.  It either has to hit a server at the destination's IP address, implying a need for firewall transparency and compatible address spaces (probably works better for transport mode than tunnel mode?), or else have some mechanism for finding a key+config server.  Hugh Daniel suggested rehabilitating Finger as the end-system protocol (after all, we've long since patched the security bugs that the Morris worm used back in 1988).  If you're building a non-end-to-end mechanism that uses IP addresses as its lookup, you're getting awfully close to reinventing Reverse DNS, or else building some other vast coordinated effort with half-vast goals.  On the other hand, if you're patching half of ISAKMP/Oakley anyway, might as well patch Photuris, which is much smaller, lighter, and more correct.
                 Bill Stewart
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-03-27 09:24:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity of prepaid phone chip-cards 
What do you mean by "Trick"?  Is that a local brand name,
or are you implying there's something special about this card?
Normal phone cards let their issuers know in almost-real-time that
they're being used, because they're spending money from a
specific debit account, not digital cash tokens.
It's not like old-fashioned monthly phone bills,
which didn't need to be in real-time because they
knew where you lived (and weren't real money anyway*,
except for international calls requiring settlements.)
Some cards have more information - many brands can be recharged
using a credit card, which might identify the user.
Well, of course - databases are much easier these days
now that megabits/second and gigahertz are slow and terabytes are small and and calling card companies _are_ fundamentally in the business
of doing database queries and updates, not telecommunications.
They're even easier for new competitive phone companies than
for the old monopolies, because they don't have an embedded base
of antique data structures.
An initial call to someone might not be easily traced in near-real-time,
unless the recipient was a "usual suspect" set up for it,
because that's backwards from the normal database structures.
But once you've done the medium or hard work to identify
the source of the call after the fact, and gotten lucky by
finding it was from a phone card company in your country,
setting up a forward trace for future calls from that company
shouldn't be very difficult.   It's the kind of feature that
might only be useful to police and other stalkers,
but maybe the phone company had operational reasons for building it,
and it looks for data in the Simple Matter of Programming direction,
not the Huge Difficult Sieve Through Everything direction.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2004-03-30 19:22:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: The Gilmore Dimissal 
The NOLA PD spokescritter said their new powers
         "will be used judiciously", which is an entertaining phrase to use
         when you really mean "without asking a judge".
         Greyhound demands ID at some locations as well;
         my brother got surprised when his trip,
         which hadn't demanded ID on the way out,
         got routed through Chicago on the return and they did demand ID.
         Marbury vs. Madison was an entertainingly kinky case,
         but the ability of judges to declare laws or executive actions
         Unconstitutional and therefore void is the main thing that's
         made the Bill of Rights effective (to the extent it has been.)
         The courts have often failed in that duty, but it's rightly theirs.
         The alternative would be that the Constitution means
         whatever the executive branch of government says it means,
         and whatever the legislature says it means,
         and if the police wanted to keep you in jail and didn't
         need to obey writs of habeas corpus, you'd rot in jail,
         and if they didn't feel that they needed search warrants,
         like they generally didn't before the Exclusionary Rule,
         they wouldn't bother getting them,
         and if the legislature wanted to tax something that the
         Constitution didn't explicitly authorize them to tax,
         they'd just tax it and you'd have no recourse
         (ok, that one's not much different than today...)
         He was one of the thugs, of course...

@_date: 2004-04-17 21:19:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Idea: Offshore gambling as gateway between real and 
You're trying too hard.
Gambling has always been a convenient money-laundering technique,
as long as the casinos accept the kinds of money you're trying to launder.
That's also why spook agencies get anti-money-laundering laws passed.
If the casino will take your ecash and give you chips,
and you want to make a pretense of gambling rather than
just turning the chips back in for conventional euros,
go bet ~half the chips on red, ~half on black,
some insurance money on green, and tip the croupier,
and the casino collects their 1/37 or 2/38 cut.
... Your winnings, sir.

@_date: 2004-04-12 08:15:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Geodesic markets for nuclear secrets 
The price of nuclear secrets has been dropping rapidly:
WASHINGTON, DC­ Top-secret information about the design, construction, and delivery of nuclear weapons has never been more affordable than it is today, CIA Director George Tenet announced Monday.
(ok, ok, so it's the Onion...  It's still geodesic markets at work, even if it's all made up :-)
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-04-11 22:36:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Keyring Camcorder to replace your Minox 
Tired of that old klunky Minox B Spy Camera?
Want something newer, smaller, and more versatile?
Need a speaking-engagement bribe for David Brin?
Looks like there's finally something to do the job
(or will be once they actually ship the things in commercial volume
around May and not just review copies for magazines...)
The Philips Key109 Key Ring Camcorder is a USB frob with
128MB of RAM, 2 megapixel camera for videos or stills,
MP3 player, headphone jack, and remote control.
I'm surprised they didn't give it more RAM,
but perhaps they got into price problems.
The user interface is apparently all in the remote control part,
which is a bit odd but may be useful for some things.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-04-11 10:32:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Spy agency launches recruiting campaign 
When I was in college, the NSA recruiting posted had a note
somebody'd added to the bottom saying
"If you're interested, don't call us - we already know about you"
and somebody else's version of that was
"If you're interested, just phone your mom, and we'll get back to you".

@_date: 2004-04-04 20:35:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Shock waves from Fallujah 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I assume the purpose of a fence around the Capitol
would be to keep those pesky Congresscritters _in_,
not to keep other people out?

@_date: 2004-04-11 10:55:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies - the 
>>>> No, it's not a tree
 >>> I thought we were sort of an autonomous collective!
 >> Watery marketers lobbing Powerpoints is no basis for a form of architecture
 > Network engineers spend a lot of time making sure that their networks, and
 > the Internet, are not trees.  Multiple peering and transit relationships
 > make the network robust - and cyclic.
The core of the current Internet routing architecture in the US
is a couple of dozen "Tier 1" providers who almost all interconnect with each other,
with each pair almost always connected in more than two places
(usually an East Coast and a West Coast location plus others.)
- Most of the Tier 2 providers are connected to at least two upstreams,
either both Tier 1 or a Tier 1 and a Tier 2.
- There's no well-defined boundary between Tier 2 and Tier 3,
but the Tier 3 types of folks may not be as diverse.
- Some big hosting companies are owned by Tier 1 carriers,
and may just get connectivity from their parent company,
but it usually still has physically diverse connections to diverse switches.
- Many other hosting companies are independent of the carriers,
and tend to have feeds from multiple carriers (usually multiple Tier 1
for the big players).
- Many big end-user companies have multiple large internet feeds
from multiple carriers; even small companies with a couple of T1s
often try to get some diversity (in which case the ISP run by the
local telco is often one of their providers.)
- If you want physically diverse access to your building,
you usually need to buy at least a couple of T3s -
some local telcos will still do diverse T1 access, but most don't,
or else they have it in their tariff rate but *your* street doesn't have it.
As Jim and others have said, it's extremely not tree-like -
we want to maximize the number of careless drunken backhoe drivers
it takes to take down our circuits, as well as maximizing the
number of equipment failures and operator mistakes it takes,
and trying to minimize the damage any problem causes.
DNS's namespace is tree-like, but the actual implementation of the
DNS name server networks is very forested and meshy.
The biggest problems are all at layer 9.

@_date: 2004-04-15 09:37:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Fornicalia Lawmaker Moves to Block Gmail 
Unacceptable to whom, and what should they do about it if they don't accept it?
If Joe Sixpack to trade the privacy issues for the convenience,
because like most of the public his value systems prefer dancing pigs
to security, that's his business, and if he doesn't, that's his business too.
But if Liz Figueroa "doesn't accept it", and makes laws banning it,
because she knows better than Joe what's good for him,
well that's typical tacky legislator behaviour, and she need to be
educated on why the free market really does make people more free.
It would be especially tacky if she argued that Google was somehow
abusing their quasi-monopolistic powers here - after all, there are
probably over 1000 different free or cheap email providers out there,
and you can look them up in Google, and of course many of them are
out of her jurisdiction.
Personally, I'm also concerned about the depth of detail
that might or might not be visible to the advertisers.
Do they get queries on keywords or phrases the way banner ads do?
How much user information gets passed along with them?
Does it only get passed if you click on the ad, or on all queries?
Do the advertising calculations get done when the mail is received,
or only when you read any given message, or also when you
search your inbox for keywords?  I'm guessing they don't do the former,
because you'd otherwise see lots of banner ads for things you
receive email about, and I get enough spam already, thank you :-)
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-04-24 17:33:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: cop-proof disk drives 
That's really overkill.  Computers these days have enough
horsepower to run file system encryption in the CPU.
(If you remember 5-10 years ago, computers in those days
had enough horsepower to run disk compression in the CPU,
and CPU speed has increased a lot faster than disk throughput since then.)
Build the system with an inactivity timeout for /home if you want.
Swap space has the advantage that it doesn't need to preserve
state across system reboots, so you can run an encrypted swap
partition that generates a random key at boot time.
If you want to get fancy about rubber-hose prevention
and avoid the except-for-terrorism clause in the 5th amendment,
you could do something with secret-sharing with your
unindicted co-conspirators (oh, wait, they don't bother with
indictments these days, do they?) so that all of you
need to cooperate in a challenge-response thing
to restart some of the services.
Or you could hide that little 802.11 widget on the shelf
that stores one of the keyfiles you need to
access the secure drive.  Once UWB's widely available,
it'll be better for that (lower power - harder to detect.)
Just make sure that your system _is_ restartable after
power failures, because those are a much more likely event
than cop invasions.

@_date: 2004-05-26 09:03:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: DriversLicenseSearch.com 
My local TV station had the following story on their web site.
It's a bit premature, but less so than they'd think.
Did you know you can find a picture of your driver's license online? We didn't either...
So when we found DriversLicenseSearch.com, we were shocked. We immediately started plugging in our names and states to search the database.
The site boasts its database has over 220 million U.S. driver's license photos and driver's license information currently on file, and that it's free of charge.
Sound too good to be true? (or bad -- depending on how you look at it.) Go ahead and try it yourself...

@_date: 2004-05-24 00:56:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Alaskans to Sue Over CAPPS II 
Alaskans are more dependent on airplanes to get around their state
than most of us in the Middle 48 states, so the CAPPS II privacy invasions
are more of a problem for their day-to-day lives.
There's a group of Alaskans who are putting together a lawsuit against it.
This announcement was forwarded by Bill Scannell, who's done a number of
projects on CAPPS II, including the  web site.
                 Thanks; Bill Stewart
-----Original Message-----
Outside government bureaucrats think we need their permission before we can
get on a plane.
We think they're wrong, so we're turning to the US District Court for help.
The TSA has already issued (or will issue) a secret Security Directive
ordering airlines to turn over all their passenger records so they can test
the CAPPS II system.
We think the Feds need to tell us what they're planning before they start
turning every flight we take into an excuse to snoop. The TSA didn't bother
responding to a letter we sent, so we're asking the US District Court in
Anchorage to help us find out the truth.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-05-11 01:44:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Re: Can Skype be wiretapped by the authorities? (fwd from 
That's why you keep your CPU under your tin-foil hat, isn't it?
Certainly works for me...
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-05-09 04:44:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Can Skype be wiretapped by the authorities? 
Also no guarantee that it's not implemented sufficiently incompetently
that the Authorities can't crack it if they want.  Somebody else's message
confirmed that there's a competence problem, though there may not be exploits.
Skype uses a supernode structure to implement reflector service,
so it doesn't have the same centralization problems.
They don't document it well enough to know if it's possible to
wiretap a message by using a corrupt supernode as MITM, but perhaps.
It's frustrating that they use proprietary protocols for everything.
Their audio codec, however, is developed by a reputable company
(brain spacing out on their name, but I'd seen them before.)
Most of that company's codec designs are intended for boring
telephony-style 4khz mono audio, 64kbps uncompressed,
something small compressed, with really good loss/noise resistence,
rather than doing 7kHz or 11kHz audio or stereo sound,
but I don't know which codecs they've chosen.

@_date: 2004-05-18 23:11:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: IRS May Help DOD Find Reservists 
Wow!  It was "EXAMINED BY LAWYERS!"  That's almost as reassuring as
saying it was "Generated by a Computer"!  (OK, these days it really _is_
better when the Pentagon says something was examined by their JAG corps
rather than decided by the political appointees running the Pentagon...)
They don't even say if it's DoD lawyers or IRS lawyers or other lawyers.
There's a wide range in the types of methods they could use
to find this information, some of which are the camel's nose in the tent
and others of which are half the camel, but all of which are pretty much bad.
I suppose the DoD could hand the IRS a list of names+SSNs and ask them
to deliver the mail without any feedback to the DoD,
but if the project has only been approved by "lawyers" and not by
anybody with a clue about information technology or privacy protection,
it's a bad bad idea.
I get occasional junk snailmail as a veteran, trying to sell me something
or other that veterans are apparently suckers for.
I'm *not* a veteran (I was 1H in the last draft lottery),
and I'm assuming that they're sending me the information because
I'm male and the right age group, rather than because some database
actually _does_ think I'm a veteran, but I'd really rather not have
the IRS telling the Army where I live just in case they might think that.
It's bad enough if they're acting on real information,
but there are all kinds of other problems that can happen with bad info,
such as them looking for a previous resident of this address,
or getting mixed up with nearby addresses (my neighbor was Navy.)
I'm also not thrilled with the DMV telling my local police the
address of my neighbor's legality-challenged son, and getting it wrong,
which led to the police pounding on my door at 6am with a warrant.

@_date: 2004-05-28 00:41:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Satellite eavesdropping of 802.11b traffic 
Pringles cans.  You thought the recent restock of the ISS
was just for food, and not dual-use?

@_date: 2004-06-25 06:01:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: My name is ! 
> Subject: My name is !
I had parsed the Major's Subject line diffently,
and was expecting this to be followed by
         My name is ! My name is ! My name is ! Slim Shady
         I'm Slim Shady!  I'm the _real_ Slim Shady!
         All you other Slim Shady's are just imitatin!
         etc. etc.
and while a cop might not expect you to break out into song
when asked a straightforward question,
cops these days who aren't doing extortion are
mostly doing political theater, so why not a bit of musical theater,
at least as long as you convince the RIAA that what you're
doing is _advertising_, not plagiarism...

@_date: 2004-06-23 05:57:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Hiibel case on NPR Talk Of The Nation Wednesday 11am PDT 
I heard an announcement on NPR tonight that tomorrow's
Talk Of The Nation program will be discussing the "Papers Please" case.
 .
Mark Rotenberg of EPIC will be on.
Wed, June 23, 2004 -- 11:00am PDT KQED.ORG
Refusing to give your name to a police officer could get you arrested. That's what the Supreme Court ruled this week. Guests: Bill Johnson, executive director and legal counsel of the National Association of Police Organizations; and Marc Rotenberg, president of Electronic Privacy Information Center.

@_date: 2004-06-22 21:27:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [IP] When police ask your name, you must give it, Supreme 
It's legal to _have_ any name you wish, but in some states you can
just use the name you want, and in other states you have to legally change your name.
California's DMV changed their policies five or ten years ago -
this used to be one of the places where changing your name on a whim was
not only freely accepted, but just about mandatory in Hollywood,
but at least the DMV now requires you to legally change your name
(not sure if the rest of the law requires it.)
No legal requirement that I'm aware of, nor is literacy mandatory.
Some individual types of paperwork may require that
(wouldn't surprise me if the INS thugs did, for instance,
though their standard rule in the past was that they'd assign you an
inaccurate transliteration...)  but that doesn't mean they all need the same.
You're not required to get a birth certificate, though if your kid's born
in a hospital they'll tend to issue one whether you ask for it or not.
I never applied for a social security number, so I haven't seen the forms
(my parents had already done that for me, and I assume that the number I
memorized in ~2nd grade was correct, though I've long since lost the paper.)
Go read the Supreme Court majority opinion - the states are mentioned there,
though the opinion doesn't say exactly what each state requires.
California, BTW, isn't on the list.
It tries :-)  It also tries to differentiate by address.
Most DMVs aren't very good at record-keeping, and the last two
states I've lived in have each spent ~$50 million on huge
computer modernization processes that have failed miserably...
State laws requiring SSN disclosure for driver's licenses were
illegal under the Privacy Act of 1974, and then legalized
for limited uses in ~1986, and the Feds have made them
all but mandatory.  They're also mandatory for income-taxable business,
except when you can use a Taxpayer ID Number instead.
You're overestimating the morals of the more conservative members
of the Court, though "fun" requires a sense of humor which
may be lacking in Rehnquist's case.....  (Some of them do have fun -
Scalia recently went hunting with Cheney, for instance,
and Thomas got raked over the coals at his acceptance hearings
because of the fun he'd had harassing Anita Hill.
And one or two of the liberals are a bit on the odd side as well.)
They didn't take this case just because they wanted it to -
they took it because Gilmore and Noise and friends helped Hiibel
and the Nevada Public Defender get it there.
They aren't likely to hear another case soon that isn't edgy like this,
but the FBI, Homeland Security thugs and their antecedents have been
pushing for more and more government control over citizens,
so any available edge is likely to get pushed.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-06-21 19:58:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Papersplease Decision 
As the Reuters article says,
         "Kennedy said the Nevada law was narrow and precise,
         requiring only that a suspect disclose his or her name.
         It does not require the suspect to produce a driver's license or any other document."
A great source for Supreme Court decisions is and this case is at Kennedy does acknowledge, more or less, that their decision is
increasing state powers and decreasing the rights of individuals.
My reading of the opinions is that we probably had a better 4th Amendment and that the 5th Amendment one was a bit weaker.
However, this doesn't mean that any cop anywhere can simply stop you and demand ID.
Nevada _does_ have a law requiring that you identify yourself.
However, in the Hiibel case, the cop demanded that he produce papers,
which the Nevada law does _not_ require.
In many states, the drivers license laws require you to produce your
license when asked, if you're carrying it, though I'm not sure how many
of them require that you produce it if you weren't driving.
... of course, _next_ month they'll address "Homeland Security vs. 260 Million John Does",
or whatever other case the Feds decide to trump up proactively.
 is Gilmore & Noise's site,
but it hasn't been updated to reflect the verdict.

@_date: 2004-06-21 01:52:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Linksys WRT54G (and clones) 
200 MHz ought to be plenty for a typical home connection.
The FreeSWAN folks found that a 150 MHz Pentium Doorstop was
enough to keep a T1 line busy with 3DES - presumably AES is much faster.
So either one should be good enough for most US DSL or cable modem
connections, and they'll at least handle an 802.11b 2 MHz channel
(yeah, the stuff says 10 Mbps, but you either need 802.11g or .11a or
really good tuning to actually get that), and they'll probably go faster.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-06-01 19:09:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Identifying Air Marshals is Too Easy 
Sounds like it's pretty easy to play "Spot the Fed" on airplanes,
according to an article forwarded to Dave Farber's list.
Actually most of the time, I board first or very early and see a young
casually dressed man, with crew cut, sitting in first class with brief
case under his seat. To be effective they should board with the normal
Begin forwarded message:
Is it illegal to "out" an air marshal?
Natty air marshals discover it's hard to stay undercover
In the casual skies, crew cuts and ties stand out
Washington -- As they settled into first class on American Airlines
Flight 1438 from Chicago to Miami, they were supposed to be the
last line of defense against terrorists -- two highly trained
U.S. air marshals who would sit unnoticed among the ordinary travelers
but spring into action at the first sign of trouble.
Imagine their chagrin when a fellow passenger coming down the aisle
suddenly boomed out, "Oh, I see we have air marshals on board!"
The incident, detailed in an intelligence brief, is an example of
something that happens all too often, marshals say. The element of
surprise may be crucial to their mission, but it turns out they're "as
easy to identify as a uniformed police officer," the Federal Law
Enforcement Officers Association said in a complaint to Congress.
The problem is not security leaks. It's the clothes.
In an era when "dressing down" is the traveler's creed,
air marshals must show up in jackets and ties, hair cut short,
bodies buffed, shoes shined.
Jack Webb would be proud, but the marshals say they stand out like
shampooed show dogs among the pound pups.
And the tip-off provided by their appearance is magnified by boarding
procedures that make them conspicuous. Since they're armed, the marshals
can't go through the initial security screening with the rest of the
passengers. Instead of using the entry points set aside for airport
employees, however, the marshals often must go through the "exit" lanes

@_date: 2004-06-04 23:16:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Palm Hack? 
PalmOS doesn't have useful memory protection,
so if you can get somebody to run a trojan application, they're potentially If you can't, then you're limited to whatever the existing applications do
with the data that you hand them.
Many applications are well written, protect themselves against oversized
or other malicious input, and will only do what their authors expect.
Other applications are poorly written schlock that leave a gun barrel
aimed at your foot waiting for you to shove bullets in them.
I'd be extremely surprised if the primary Palm beaming apps
(including builtins and beambox) are that naive, but you never know.
Partly this is because they're tolerably well written,
and partly because the early Palm Pilots didn't have much memory,
so the obvious data structures for handling most objects
are annoyingly small and don't give you ways to get past their boundaries,
and most of that clunkiness is still there in the APIs.
Another possible way in is email, if your victim downloads email to a Palm
and runs it with an insecure application.
Another way that the Palm accepts application data is hotsync -
if you can put malicious data into the Windows feed for somebody's Palm,
such as downloadable programs, you might be able to get them installed.
Fortunately, Windows is perfectly secure.... but the wetware isn't.
         "Dude!  Here's a really cool Palm Screen Saver!  Dancing Pigs and Certainly not on the Dragonball machines.
Not sure if they've improved on newer machines, but without memory protection,
any broken application makes it theoretically possible to break the machine.
So don't run broken applications that accept input from outside.
Think about what you just suggested.
Beaming isn't something magic, it's a medium for programs to send bits
to other programs with some format for what to do with them.
If your would-be victim's Palm is asleep, it's not listening for IR.
If you Google for "PalmOS Virus", you'll find references to one PalmOS virus
that somebody cobbled together, though I'm not sure it actually spread in the wild,
and a trojan that masquerades as a Gameboy emulator program.
But most of the viruses for Palm, like most Unix viruses,
run on the Honor System, like the "IBeamYou" address book entry.

@_date: 2004-06-10 00:30:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Swindle these guys? 
Rule 2 does say that spammers are stupid --
but that's not the kind of thing they're stupid about.
They'll sometimes spend money on plane fare (or get one of their
friends in the destination city to play the Rich Dictator's Widow's Son,
but actually giving you non-trivial amounts of actual cash is unlikely,
and of course remember that their account doesn't *really* have $18M in it :-)
You might get them to drop a test payment of a dollar into an account,
if you want to go to the bother of setting up an account
specifically for this application (and telling them you're doing that),
and you could use it to rat them out to bank inspectors.
A couple of weeks ago, before we succeeded in taking down
well-known spammer Scotty Richter (by doing well-documented
complaints to his latest ISP while he was busy suing Spamcop
for complaining to his previous ISP), it was getting
awfully tempting to use a remailer to start replying to Nigerian spam
"Yes, I heard that Uncle Fred had gotten killed in your country.
He'd always talked about the kindness your father [Corrupt-Politician-Name-Here] had shown him.
His executor and next of kin is his son-in-law Scotty Richter,
email blah address blah blah, Westminster CO, USA,
and please contact him directly by email."
At least this gets the spammers a flood of each others' spam.

@_date: 2004-06-12 03:27:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Reverse Scamming 419ers 
Troll bait - yum!   But this discussion is already partly my fault,
so I guess I'll bite.
It's true that most of these scammers have chosen a
life of non-violent theft that's more moral than some of the things
they could have done for money, like being bandits,
or joining the armies of the corrupt dictators they're
pretending to be the kids of.   That's still no excuse,
and they're in no position to complain if they get ripped off.
Furthermore, some suckers occasionally lose enough money to them
that they come to Nigeria looking for it, or come to Nigeria
to get their big payoffs, and some of the scammers demonstrate
that their non-violence is not based on principle but on opportunity,
so the suckers either get kidnapped for ransom, killed, or both.
But let's look a bit farther into the victims of these scams.
- Ordinary people get their time wasted by the volume of this stuff.
         -- If scammers don't mind wasting our time,
         they're in no position to complain if some "sucker"
         wastes their time by asking for a photograph of them
         dancing around with a chicken or whatever,
         and while they're doing that, they're not wasting my time.
- ISPs get their money wasted carrying this stuff.
         -- Scammers are in no position to complain if they
         occasionally get sued, or if their cybercafes get sued
         or cut off from the net and go out of business.
- Greedy suckers who don't mind accepting a cut of the money
         from the classic "corrupt murderous dictator" or
         "corrupt construction company"'s take.
         There are some people who'd contend that taking these people's
         money is a _good_ thing, just like taking the scammers' money is,
         but certainly they deserve whatever happens to them.
         Their wives and kids may or may not deserve it,
         but the beauty of the classic 419 scam is that they're
         unable to go to the police because they're as guilty as the scammers.
         It's too bad that the only way for these suckers to lose big money
         is for the scammers to get it, because otherwise it's kind of fun.
- Gullible suckers who actually believe the less immoral versions
         of the scam: "You've won the lottery", "My church needs money",
         "I'm dying and have no heirs and want to give my money away".
         Ripping off these people is wrong, and in many cases it's
         elderly people's life savings that they've got no way to replace,
         and the lying scum who are trying to rip them off deserve
         anything that happens to them, especially if it takes them
         out of action before they succeed and gets them revealed to their
         friends, families, and business acquaintances as incompetent thieves.
         It's more likely to succeed than complaining to the Nigerian police,
         but if the police actually _did_ anything more severe than
         demanding a cut of the profits, it would be much worse for the          and their families than simply losing money and getting laughed
         out of the cybercafe and Western Union office.  One good reason for
         operating a 419 scam out of a Netherlands cybercafe is that
         nobody's trying to impose Islamic law and cut your hand off...
         Evolution in action is certainly a good start here.
- There's also a middle ground of suckers, e.g. the ones who aren't
         accepting money from anything obviously criminal,
         but who should know bloody well that they probably don't have
         an uncle Fred  prospecting for oil in Nigeria
         for whom they're the next of kin, and that accepting the money
         rather than finding the "real" relatives who deserve it is dishonest,
         though it's ostensibly going to go to somebody who has just as
         little actual claim on the money, like the local government,
         so what the heck.  The scammers who try this one certainly
         deserve to get on other spammers' lists, lose a few bucks,
         and be encouraged to have embarrassing photos of themselves
         posted on the net.

@_date: 2004-06-26 07:27:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [IP] When police ask your name, 
Just as well.  They'd probably make you fill the form out in triplicate,
and that could be .... unwise ....

@_date: 2004-06-27 20:21:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Sigh.  It probably doesn't even cost them anything -
it's just another user interface menu item.
(I suppose that's not strictly true - if I were trying to build
a GPS Big Brother feature into cellphones for minimum cost,
I guess I'd probably look at having the phone just take
satellite readings and forward them to a central site for calculations,
to avoid having to put any extra computing support into the machine.
Don't know if that's a win or loss cost-wise.)
I've already got a GPS, but I seldom carry it around
unless I'm camping - it's old, so it's too clunky.

@_date: 2004-06-27 20:01:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Do any of them let _you_ see the GPS results (which would be useful),
or are they only available to Big Brother and maybe advertisers?

@_date: 2004-06-28 07:25:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Shuffling to the sound of the Morlocks' dinner bell 
> Bush is so evil I'll have to vote for the lesser evil
I felt that way about Reagan in 1984, and the Libertarians were
too disorganized to convince me otherwise.
Too bad the Democrats couldn't find a better candidate than Mondale.
My vote didn't change that landslide any, but it seems to have
helped the Democrats come up with a strategy for 1988,
which was to find the lamest available candidate and
run against someone other than Reagan, but voting for Dukakis
seemed to be throwing away my vote compared to voting for Ron Paul.
Fortunately, California will presumably be voting solidly Democrat,
though they'll probably still be using untrustable computerized
voting machines which only Republicans know how to steal instead of
the traditional Democrat-friendly versions.
I'd say Jonathan Edwards was marginally worse,
but he'll probably be the VP candidate.
Howard Dean threatened to turn the Democrats back into an
actual political party again, so the Democrats, Republicans,
and so-called liberal pro-establishment press made sure to
stomp on him (and if that didn't look well-coordinated,
you weren't paying attention.)
Joe Lieberman was the best Republican running, but he's out too.
But yeah, Kerry's best feature is that he's mostly evil on his own,
rather than Bush who had his father's old cronies pushing him,
who are frankly a lot more creatively evil than Kerry or Bush.
Also, while I don't understand the reality distortion effect that
makes Republicans and conservatives believe everything Bush says
deep down in their reptile brains even when their eyes are
telling them something different, I don't think Kerry has it,
and that's a Good Thing.

@_date: 2004-07-27 16:10:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Meetingpunks] SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2004 Physical 
Rick Moen suggested we have a Cypherpunks meeting in August, so:
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2004 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE: Saturday 14 August 2004
TIME: 12:00 - 5:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:   Stanford University Campus - Tressider Union courtyard
Agenda: "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."  (This will be our first
meeting since April 2003, so the agenda is somewhat up for grabs.
Among upcoming events to note is the 7th annual Information Security
Conference, aka ISC04, Sept. 27-29 at Xerox PARC,  .
Also of note:  Our friendly Federalistas seem to be imposing
unprecedented visa restrictions on visiting foreign cryptographers.
Is it time for all international cryptography conferences to move
off-shore?  See:   )
As usual, this is an "Open Meeting on US Soil", and the public is invited.
Location Info:
    The meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our outdoor
    meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the Stanford
    University campus, at the tables outside Tressider Union, at the end of
    Santa Theresa, just west of Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
    We meet at the tables on the west side of the building, inside the
    horseshoe "U" formed by Tresidder. Ask anyone on campus where Tressider
    is and they'll help you find it.
    Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tresidder.
Location Maps:
    Stanford Campus (overview; Tressider is dead-center).
    Tressider Union (zoomed detail view).
    Printable Stanford Map (407k).
[ This announcement sent to the following mailing lists:
         cypherpunks-announce meetingpunks
         cypherpunks-request cryptography-request
   Mailing list complaints or address corrections to bill.stewart
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart
Meetingpunks mailing list
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-07-26 18:19:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: "Terror in the Skies, Again?" 
The flight attendant didn't identify which six people were air marshals,
and since the normal number of them ranges from zero to two per flight,
she was almost certainly just lying to calm down the troublesome passenger
(who definitely had no class, middle or otherwise.)
One of the entertaining followup items from this event was that,
yes, the group of ~14 Syrian musicians were really just musicians on tour,
but in fact their visas had expired about 3 weeks earlier,
though the TSA thugs who interrogated them after they arrived
didn't notice it.
I was surprised they were musicians - I'd expected them to have
been a soccer team, and I've been on enough airplanes with
sports teams on them that their behavior sounds totally typical.
And Middle Easterners flying out of Detroit?  What a surprise!
(Detroit's one of the main places that Arab immigrants move.)
Anne Jacobsen, prejudiced white columnist, wrote
 > What I experienced during that flight has caused me to question
 > whether the United States of America
 > can realistically uphold the civil liberties of every individual,
 > even non-citizens, and protect its citizens from terrorist threats.
And she's obviously in favor of "protection", whether or not it takes a
police state to do it.

@_date: 2004-07-07 05:35:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: UBL is George Washington 
Somebody wrote
 > WTC doesn't make sense as a target
Everybody I knew was _much_ more upset about the WTC than the Pentagon.
As one friend put it "I don't care about the Pentagon."
Now, partly that's because of the shock of the buildings collapsing,
which seemed much more dramatic than the Pentagon getting an edge dented.
And it's partly because 3000 people died, and 30,000 _could_ have died,
but a lot of it's because attacking New York City is attacking
American society, which was tremendously damaging to morale,
while attacking the Pentagon is attacking the military,
who spend their time attacking other people so all's fair.
And the Feds planting anthrax in the Senate building and other places
to keep us even more scared about terrorism so we'd be obedient
really did make things worse.
The effects on American business were dramatic, but for the
telecommunications industry the big problems weren't the COs,
they were the year-long disappearance of the travel industry
(which uses huge amounts of high-value call center calls)
and the general decline in the economy, and trashing business in Wall Street,
plus it was kicking us while were were down because the
dot-com crash and the related crash in the telecom industry
were already going on.
The loss of the CO capacity was somewhat balanced by the
fact that nobody was allowed anywhere near that area to work.
The Verizon CO was much more of a problem than the AT&T one,
partly because it had lots of access lines, while we mostly had
a smaller number of larger trunks that are easier to reroute,
plus fiber access rings which were mostly diverse,
plus all the now-dead access lines from the Verizon POP.
Industry did respond with a huge amount of diversification -
taking out a CO today would cause much less damage,
plus the huge increase in telecommuting means that offices are
usually a less critical resource.
Do you mean the building that looks like antique furniture?
That's just office space, and I think we'd sold it by then.
Or does one of the actual POPs have old microwave dishes on the roof?
Sigh.  We've sold off AT&T Wireless as a business and still nobody realizes I think they were still relatively popular back then,
though they had real problems around New York City keeping
up with rapidly-growing demand.  But yeah, the best thing about them
these days is that Cingular's buying them, so my stock has
zoomed up to almost half what I paid for it instead of 10-20%.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-07-04 08:35:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [IP] more on  more on E-mail intercept ruling - good 
While Peter Swire is a much better judge of court behavior than I am (:-)
the key issue in the Councilman case is that the Wiretap Law
differentiates between "aural" communications on wires and
the broader category of "electronic communications",
and "electronic communications" might only be protected on wires,
and not just when it's in storage or in transit on a computer.
(What about wireless transmission?  Is that protected?)
If courts don't think VOIP is "aural", they're way out of line.
That should mean that if you wiretap VOIP calls, you'd better have a warrant.
On a more negative hand, it sounds like the court thinks that
wiretap rules only apply to stuff that's on wire -
do packets that are inside a router get protected,
while it's busy thinking about what wire to put it on next?
Does it matter whether you're intercepting the whole message,
or is the fact that the packet you're intercepting is inside a router
good enough for the court, even though the other packets in the message
might still be on the wires into or out of the router?
The Ashcroftians have been able to con Congress into letting
them have lots of other things they ask for in the name of
"preventing technological change from taking away our current powers",
and every edge case seems to be used as a loophole to grant them
more power, not to restrict what they've got.
It's possible that a Kerry Administration would be less aggressive
about this than the Bush Administration, though it's unlikely
that they'd actually be much better than the Clinton Administration,
would were pretty evil back in their day.
Oh, they know, and they're in a mad scramble to make sure that
they can tap data communications as well, and most VOIP
doesn't have useful crypto protection.  So far, it's easier
to tap VOIP calls after they've been turned back into telco-flavored TDM,
but that's partly because they've got tools and practice and
established procedures for doing so.  The big difference with VOIP
is that it's normal to design relatively distributed VOIP systems
that do most of the work peer-to-peer, and it's harder to get a hook
into the endpoints without the endpoints being aware of them.
Some VOIP systems can probably be convinced to make three-way calls
without telling the user interface at the endpoints,
so the logical way to do wiretapping is to get the gatekeepers
to build calls that way.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-07-05 06:26:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Tyler's Education 
As far as education goes, if you're constantly seeing black vans
with big funky antennas on them parked in front of your house
any time you're on the computer, you've really got far more serious
worries than just a bit of TEMPEST.  It's either time to line up
your lawyers because of stuff you do know you've been doing,
or else time to get your shrink to up your meds a bit.
It's been 15-20 years since I worked on TEMPEST environments,
so technology has overtaken most of what we were doing.
We tested the TEMPEST room at 450 MHz, and needed something like
100-120 dB of shielding to be comfortable with it,
and at those frequencies, you'd easily find leakage if the
copper-wool packing in the joints wasn't tight.
Our VAX ran at something like 10 MHz, and our Sparcstations
might have been as fast as 40 MHz, but basically there wasn't
a lot of high-frequency signal out there, even with harmonics.
The standards for cable penetration were that a waveguide hole
needed to be N wavelengths deep and no more than 1/x wide
(I think it was something like half-wave wide), and most of ours
were an inch or two deep with quarter-inch holes.
That was convenient for running fiber through.
If you stuck a paper-clip about halfway through, the RF meter would peg.
These days, of course, most of the equipment's at much higher frequencies;
I doubt the room would be meaningfully tight with 5GHz machines.
Power connections were filtered, which was much more expensive,
using boxes with big inductors in them.
That part of the job would be much easier today -
the VAX needed three-phase power, and the room drew lots of amps,
as did the two one-ton water-cooled Liebert air conditioners.
That AMD 64-bit CPU might look like a space-heater,
but it really isn't that bad.  And a laptop's a lot better.
We occasionally used TEMPEST-shielded PCs.  They weren't bad -
they had solid metal boxes, and special shielded cables for the
rather heavy keyboards, and the monitors were a bit bulky.
The monitors were mostly CGA or mono text - maybe some EGA,
but basically they were a lot lower end that you'd want today.
Don't expect that laptops will keep you out of trouble -
I once had a laptop projecting its image onto a TV I was near.
The image was out of sync, with three partial images,
and it was probably in the 640x480 days, maybe 800x600, ~1997,
but I'd done nothing special and it was an average TV.
Probably the signal was leaking out the VGA jack on the laptop.
The easy part of TEMPEST monitoring is finding some signal.
The hard part is sorting it out from the noise.
If they're not nearby, they're unlikely to be using TEMPEST on you;
they're much more likely to be tapping your ISP connections.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-07-25 22:39:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto 
Cap'n Crunch may have bad teeth, but his eyes were fine the last time I saw

@_date: 2004-07-21 06:17:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto 
I think you're talking at cross-purposes.
If you're the Good Guy, trying to keep from being wiretapped,
you need to assume that the Bad Guys are going to get everything,
or at least everything of _yours_.
If you're the Wiretapper, trying to figure out how to get everything,
it's still difficult and expensive and annoying,
and much easier to just administrative-subpoena-gag-order the ISP,
limiting the number of people at the ISP who know anything.
 > > Tape Drives
 > How will you do _that_ quietly?
You don't put the tape drives on ISP premises, you put the extra
fiber connections to the Homeland Security Office there,
and put the tape drives somewhere convenient -
or if the ISP also runs a colo center, you put them there
in a cage rented by the Maryland Procurement Agency or something.
 > OC192s full of ATM and T1s and T3s, oh my!
Most ISPs can roughly be divided into the
access-side connections (lots of small circuits out to end users),
backbones (fat pipes to your other POPs and other ISPs),
and processing/hosting/etc. equipment.
Wiretapping the backbone doesn't get you everything,
but it's a small number of fat pipes, and you don't need to go
tracking and demuxing all the thousands of little access circuits
or demodulating the modems or whatever - just get the good stuff,
where it's all been routed together on a fat IP channel
(possibly running MPLS, but that's just a few extra headers.)
If an ISP is buying an access ring from an access ring provider,
you can subpoena _that_ provider to find out which channels or
wavelengths are probably the ones you want and do a passive tap there.
 > Tapping fibers under the ocean.
Most big US ISP backbones these days run OC48 or OC192
between bigger cities; connections to small cities vary a lot
depending on concentrator-deployment philosophies.
The OC48 and OC192 are usually wavelengths on big DWDM pipes,
though in concentrated areas like New York to Boston you'll
see a certain amount of large bundles of fiber running single wavelengths.
Some of the older undersea cables are still one or two OC48s,
but most of the new stuff is DWDM, typically with bandwidths of
40-160 Gbps now which can be fired up to faster speeds if demand grows.
JYA's web site, by the way, has some absolutely terrific maps and
photographs of a lot of undersea cable systems; we occasionally
use the stuff at work (it's especially good when you're giving talks,
because it's public material you don't have to clear with bureaucrats...)
 > Legacy ATM equipment
Oh, right, you work at one of those _little_ ISPs :-)
Actually, there is a huge amount of ATM equipment out there,
because DSL usually runs ATM protocols on the access lines,
so CLECs and LEC DSL providers usually hand it to the ISPs as ATM.
There's also a lot of ATM and frame for enterprise use
within companies, but in the big ISP world it's mostly phased out
except for DSL, because the router companies and ethernet switching
caught up with ATM speeds a few years ago and are now long past them.
MPLS is pretty much reimplementing all the things that ATM was good at,
and for the last few years everybody's been hyping how MPLS will make
things really cool real soon now, and it's gradually taking over.
 > [ how much data there is ]
AT&T's Internet Protect security service collects IP headers
from our peering points and hub locations, analyzing trends
like rapid increases in uses of some protocols.  We saw the
Slammer worm make a couple of startup attempts or trial runs
(not sure which) for about four days before it hit,
so we had filters ready, and we've seen similar things on
a number of other viruses and port-scanning attacks.
It also lets us see things like "Yes, there's a big spike in
use of Protocol _x_ but it's just a DDOS against one university machine",
and it's starting to be helpful in blocking DDOSs.
The system uses passive optical taps (there are lots of vendors
who sell gear like that), and collects over 10TB a day
(our total Internet traffic is about 1.4PB/day, so this is about 1%.)
The database at the head end is a bit less flexible than MS Access or MySQL,
but it's a lot larger than typical databases can handle,
and the kinds of calculations that make sense at that scale
are a bit different than what you could use if you were
targeting a smaller data set.  Some of the most useful calculations are
"what percentage of bits/packets/flows are protocol X
or TCP or UDP to/from port Y."
Disclaimer: None of this is an official statement from
any three-and-a-half-letter-acronym organization.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-07-17 21:06:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto 
On the other hand, 100,000 employees times two disk drives per desktop
and a few departmental servers can get you that much capacity.

@_date: 2004-07-07 08:11:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto 
They're also marketed as permanent addresses you can keep when
you change ISPs, for example pobox.com was one of the first ones.
Unfortunately, as far as I know, none of the forwarders let you
forward mail from recipient+tag to recipient+tag
which means that they don't support tag-based spam protection.
When I want disposable addresses, I either use free providers,
or I use tagged addresses at free / cheap providers like fastmail.fm.
Councilman currently only affects the First Circuit (the Northeast),
and it was only the three-judge-panel version of the Appeals Court,
so he could appeal it to the full court before going to the Supremes.
My reading of the opinions is that the two majority judges totally
failed to grasp the technology, while the dissenting judge got it,
so even if the opinion stands, it's very narrow in scope -
but it's a strong reminder that the current laws don't protect
stored email very well, and that if judges aren't technical enough
to understand it when it's laid out in front of their faces,
they're certainly not going to be sufficiently uncooperative
when police try to get warrants or subpoenas (or at least it
probably won't be hard for police to find a cooperative judge.)
Also, in the Steve Jackson Games case, the courts and Feds got away
with declaring that the ECPA didn't apply to mail that had arrived
in mailboxes, only to mail that was in transit.
It's not clear that ISPs in general can read mail without any
notice or liability - just that the obvious readings of the law
that Councilman sued them under don't currently work in the 1st Circuit.
He might have tried various business-related torts successfully,
but the wiretapping laws looked like a slam-dunk.
But that doesn't usually work against police, just businesses.
Police reading mail like this really is a different case -
they either need some kind of court papers to hand the ISP
(though these days the Patriot Act seems to be used to justify
almost anything and place a gag order on the activity,
and a subpoena is easier to get than a warrant),
or they need some bogus justification that the ISP has to
obey "administrative requests" that aren't court-issued,
or they need to wiretap the bits legally.
One scary thing about Councilman was that it happened in a case
where the government was vaguely neutral and responsible for protecting
the citizen's privacy - when the prosecutors are _trying_ to get
outrageously twisted anti-privacy rulings they're more likely to win.
In particular, does a message count as "in transit" if you're
only hauling IP packets around with parts of the message
rather than the whole message, or does each part count as "in storage"
when it's gotten to a router that has to queue it before
forwarding it on to the next hop?  Or if the whole message
is queued in your ISP's sendmail queue because you've got an MX there?
What about _outgoing_ mail queued at your ISP,
who's being a good anti-spammer and forcing you to use
their mail transfer agent instead of sending directly to the destination?
There are several different threat models to think about -
- Greedy ISP reading your mail for their own purposes
- ISP responding to court-ordered wiretapping
- ISP collaborating enthusiastically with police
- Police wiretapping without court orders
- All of the above, but for stored mailboxes, not in-transit
- All of the above, but for traffic analysis / headers, not content
Mail-handling services don't prevent any of the in-transit threats,
but they can eliminate most of the threats to stored mailboxes,
and they do let you move your vulnerability to a different jurisdiction,
which can potentially reduce the likelihood that they'll wiretap you there.
For instance, if you're using your local cable modem company
for mailbox services, and you annoy your local police,
they may try to tap you, but police in Anguilla will probably
only try to tap you if you've gotten the US Feds or MI5/MI6 annoyed.
Police in Sealand might not respond to wiretaps at all,
but any unencrypted mail going there would have been watched closely.
Spooks in the UK proper might wiretap you as a favor to the US spooks,
and data privacy laws might or might not apply if you're a non-subject.
Google's Gmail is an interesting case.
Unlike Councilman's ISP, who were sneaky greedy wiretapping bums,
Google tells you that they'll grep your mail for advertising material,
and tells you how much of that they'll leak to the advertisers
and makes you some promises not to leak more.
The data's just sitting there waiting for a subpoena,
and there's not much point in having it all encrypted because
the cool features of Gmail aren't much use on cyphertext.
STARTTLS is helpful because it can protect mail from the sender's ISP.
Almost by definition, that's unencrypted mail, because otherwise
you wouldn't be so worried about it getting tapped.
It might.  Unless of course the service is really run by narcs.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-07-09 07:25:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Final stage 
But Osama bin Laden and George Dubya _were_ good buddies, weren't they?

@_date: 2004-07-10 04:50:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt (fwd from 
The obvious method for the first half of your problem is
Shamir secret-sharing - n out of m people need to provide
their information in order to access the data item (or its key.)
That isn't necessarily an _efficient_ protocol for databases,
of course, but where you have something where it works, it works.
And obviously you'd want some jurisdictional arbitrage.
I'm not convinced that the second half of your problem makes sense.
The only ways to make sure that somebody knows something are either to
tell them or else to get them to tell you some piece of information you need.
Since it's the secret police that would be running the algorithm,
they're not going to be polite about telling them if they don't need to,
so you're dependent on some algorithm that requires their assistance,
which is in some sense consent.  I suppose you could differentiate
assistance and consent contractually, by telling them it's ok to release
the data when given papers from some appropriate court,
and you could probably even require them to notify you,
e.g. by having them charge a per-event fee for their service,
and maybe that'll hold up in jurisdictions where their secret police
don't cooperate well with your secret police.
Of course, even to use this requires that the application be designed
in some manner where there's some kind of key that's needed
to access the data, such as a mailbox that encrypts incoming mail
with your public key.  That doesn't prevent the secret police from
forcing your mailbox company to reveal the information before
encrypting it to you, but it does at least protect _old_ mail,
unless n out of the m key escrow agents all cooperate.
I don't know why you'd design a system like this when you could
do it without the key escrow feature - am I missing something?
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-07-18 07:09:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Secure telephones 
If you're trying to build a usable cellphone,
you've got much more stringent design criteria than a deskphone.
You've got packaging requirements that force you into
serious industrial design if you want something pocket-sized
with good battery life, plus you've got to implement all the
cellular interface features.
If you're willing to build a backpack-phone, that's a lot simpler,
because you can use a laptop with a
[pick-your-favorite-cellular-data-standard] card
and either a wired headset or a Bluetooth frob for a BT headset.
An intermediate design, which other people have done,
is an 802.11 phone - take your favorite high-end multimedia PDA
and an 802.11 card and write whatever UI you want.
Again, you can either do a wire to your pocket or Bluetooth,
or do what some of the early Compaq Ipaq phones did and just
hold the thing up to your cheek.
I'm not aware of any cellular data cards in PDA-usable format
(unless you've got a PDA big enough for PCMCIA),
but you could take a GSM etc. phone with a wired interface to a PDA.
The fun UI to implement is an all-audio one, with speech recognition
for commands.  There's a lot of market space out there for that.
Bluetooth headsets aren't necessarily a great match for it,
because you're getting a low bit-rate signal from a cheap microphone,
as opposed to 11kHz 16-bit audio sampling.

@_date: 2004-08-21 02:16:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: T. Kennedy == Terrorist says TSA 
Also Congressman John Lewis gets caught by this,
though he can usually fly if he buys his tickets as "John R. Lewis".
Unlike Kennedy, he tried going though channels to get off the lists,
rather than starting with Ashcroft and working his way down.
There's also a "Dr. John Lewis" who gets this kind of abuse,
and registering as "Dr" or "John W. Lewis" doesn't seem to help him.

@_date: 2004-08-20 09:30:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Liechtenstein Prince Hands Power to Son Alois 
.... the article also has pictures
Liechtenstein Prince Hands Power to Son
Aug 15, 6:26 PM (ET)
By HARRY ROSENBAUM
(AP) Prince Alois and Prince Hans-Adam II, right, of Liechtenstein toast each other in the park...
VADUZ, Liechtenstein (AP) - Prince Hans-Adam II formally handed over day-to-day governing powers to his son Crown Prince Alois on Sunday - and then invited all 33,000 of Liechtenstein's people to a garden party.
Hans-Adam, 59, retains overall authority over Liechtenstein, the tiny nation - one of Europe's smallest - wedged between Austria and Switzerland.
After an open-air Mass, Alois gave his first speech as head of state.
"Many people might ask ... 'Why should we change something that's working so well?'" said Alois, 36.
But the country, which owes much of its wealth to being a financial center in the heart of Europe, is under pressure to crack down on global money laundering, he said.
"The crisis in the financial center as well as the crisis in many European states show us how dangerous it can be if necessary, but perhaps unpleasant, reforms are not tackled promptly," Alois said. Like Switzerland, Liechtenstein has kept itself apart from Europe, remaining neutral in World War II and staying out of the European Union.
Under constitutional changes made last year, the powers delegated to Alois include dismissing governments, vetoing new laws and casting the deciding vote on naming judges.
The electorate has some checks on royal prerogative - it can force a referendum on any issue by gathering at least 1,500 signatures. But the Council of Europe, the continent's top human rights watchdog, has called last year's constitutional changes "a serious step backward" and says it is monitoring Liechtenstein's commitment to democracy because the prince has acquired such extensive powers.
"Hans-Adam has been a provocateur," says Mario Frick, a former prime minister who opposed the prince's constitutional changes. "He liked to be in the middle of a quarrel. Many people hope Prince Alois ... will want to calm things down."
Alois' spokeswoman Edith Schaedler told The Associated Press there were no plans to change Liechtenstein's foreign policy.
"Prince Alois will focus initially more on internal affairs ... to secure pensions and health care for the long-term, and to ensure the best possible education," she said.
The handover took place on the national holiday, celebrating Hans-Adam's father and coinciding with the Catholic feast of the Assumption.

@_date: 2004-08-17 07:18:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gilmore vs. Ashcroft goes to 9th Ckt. Court of Appeals 
From Bill Scannell :
On the 16th of August 2004, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals begins work on
the Gilmore vs. Ashcroft case.  At stake is nothing less than the right of
Americans to travel freely in their own country -- and the exposure of
'secret law' for what it is: an abomination.
The man who is fighting the good fight is named John Gilmore.  John made his
fortune as a programmer and entrepreneur in the software industry.  Whereas
most people in his position would have moved to a tropical island and lived
a life of luxury, John chose to use his wealth to protect and defend the US
On the 4th of July 2002, John Gilmore, American citizen, decided to take a
trip from one part of the United States of America to another.  At the
airport, he was told he had to produce his ID if he wanted to travel.  He
asked to see the law demanding he show his 'papers' and was told after a
time that the law was secret and no, he wouldn't be allowed to read it.
He hasn't flown in has own country since.
Can you put this out on wide-scan...it's important.
··· --- ···  ··· --- ···
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety."
- Benjamin Franklin
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-08-15 00:44:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome on ABC Evening News? 
Speaking unofficially for the telecom industry,
we're really happy to have the site there
showing pictures of cable landings, antennas, etc.
I've seen them used in internal training about submarine cables
and I think we've probably used them in talks to customers as well.
Separately, of course, we have bureaucrats who don't want to
publish the addresses of telecom POPs, ignoring the fact
that you can't buy physically diverse access to a location
if you don't know where it is, and also ignoring the fact
that 90% of a certain large 3-1/2-letter-acronym long distance carrier's
POPs are in the same buildings as the local telcos
so everybody knows where they are anyway,
even though everybody's forgotten the derivation of V&H coordinates...
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-08-10 22:28:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: stealth tempest wallpaper 
What's interesting about the wallpaper is the ability to
block some frequency bands while passing others.
There's been good shielding wallpaper available for ~15 years,
but that's for blocking everything including cellphones and pagers.

@_date: 2004-08-10 17:14:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Iowa Deploys Cell-Phone GPS location-tracking for 911 
Iowa's deploying cell-phone location-trackers for 911,
and for whatever other purposes the cellphones support.
Des Moines, IA
New technology will allow better response to 911 cell callers
08/09/04 10:35 AM
DES MOINES, IOWA (AP) -- Cell phone users in Iowa are getting a 911 upgrade.
The state is among the first in the nation to use the new technology that will help dispatchers pinpoint the emergency caller.
Iowa 911 Program Manager John Benson says it's already being tested in Des Moines, and the end of the year, about half of the state's 125 dispatch centers will have the upgrade.
About half of Iowa's 911 calls are placed by cell phones. That's about 50,000 a month.
Current technology allows dispatchers to locate a cell phone 911 caller by the nearest cell tower, often miles away. The new global-positioning technology provides the latitude and longitude of the caller, which can be electronically displayed on a map.
Copyright 2004, Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material cannot be published, broadcast, rewritten, or distributed.
(looks like Fair Use to me...)

@_date: 2004-08-02 21:18:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Politech] A close look at John Kerry's *real* tech agenda 
John Kerry is not our friend on this issue.
If you've read Alexander Cockburn's article on Kerry's Vietnam record,
he's not good on peace issues either.
On the other hand, he's not Bush.
While he and Edwards both like PATRIOT, he's not as aggressive about it as and while he did murder people in Vietnam, he was doing it retail-level,
while Bush does it wholesale.
It's definitely a lesser-of-two-evils game,
and it's more like Cthulhu vs. Hastur rather than Cthulhu vs. Bambi or even Fortunately, here in California, Bush looks like he's way behind,
so it's safe to vote Libertarian (or Green, or Naderite, or other parties),
but nationwide it's "Go, Hastur!  Hastur! Hastur! aaarghff..."
Meanwhile, Tom Ridge has raised the National Fearmongering Level from
"wolf wolf wolf" to "wolf wolf wolf wolf" for NYC, DC, and NJ.

@_date: 2004-08-01 20:00:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Terror Threat Level Is Raised For Key U.S. Financial 
In related news, Homeland Security reported that there have been
sightings of a Big Scary Wolf near the edges of Your Village.
"These aren't the usual Wolf reports - there's serious chatter
among shepherd sources and we've interrogated a bunch of sheep lately
who've confirmed that the Wolf is out there and identified a
bunch of different parts of the village where the wolf may strike next."
I'm getting really tired of the irresponsibility of the
American press reporting this stuff uncritically.

@_date: 2004-08-10 16:56:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2004 Physical Meeting 
Rick Moen suggested we have a Cypherpunks meeting in August, so:
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2004 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE: Saturday 14 August 2004
TIME: 12:00 - 5:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:   Stanford University Campus - Tressider Union courtyard
Agenda: "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."  (This will be our first
meeting since April 2003, so the agenda is somewhat up for grabs.
Among upcoming events to note is the 7th annual Information Security
Conference, aka ISC04, Sept. 27-29 at Xerox PARC,  .
Also of note:  Our friendly Federalistas seem to be imposing
unprecedented visa restrictions on visiting foreign cryptographers.
Is it time for all international cryptography conferences to move
off-shore?  See:   )
As usual, this is an "Open Meeting on US Soil", and the public is invited.
Location Info:
    The meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our outdoor
    meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the Stanford
    University campus, at the tables outside Tressider Union, at the end of
    Santa Theresa, just west of Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
    We meet at the tables on the west side of the building, inside the
    horseshoe "U" formed by Tresidder. Ask anyone on campus where Tressider
    is and they'll help you find it.
    Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tresidder.
Location Maps:
    Stanford Campus (overview; Tressider is dead-center).
    Tressider Union (zoomed detail view).
    Printable Stanford Map (407k).
[ This announcement sent to the following mailing lists:
         cypherpunks-announce meetingpunks
         cypherpunks-request cryptography-request
   Mailing list complaints or address corrections to bill.stewart
   Agenda and Location questions to Rick Moen, rick
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-08-15 00:44:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome on ABC Evening News? 
Speaking unofficially for the telecom industry,
we're really happy to have the site there
showing pictures of cable landings, antennas, etc.
I've seen them used in internal training about submarine cables
and I think we've probably used them in talks to customers as well.
Separately, of course, we have bureaucrats who don't want to
publish the addresses of telecom POPs, ignoring the fact
that you can't buy physically diverse access to a location
if you don't know where it is, and also ignoring the fact
that 90% of a certain large 3-1/2-letter-acronym long distance carrier's
POPs are in the same buildings as the local telcos
so everybody knows where they are anyway,
even though everybody's forgotten the derivation of V&H coordinates...
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-08-20 09:31:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Another John Young Sighting 
Yup.  Reruns of the Daily Show are usually on at 7pm the following day,
though check your local cable schedule.

@_date: 2004-08-29 05:38:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: JYA in NYT 
The JYA and Gas Pipelines story keeps having legs;
at least one formerly well-marked pipeline fingered by JYA
no longer has a sign, presumably because the Republicans
are chicken that somebody will try to blow them up.
(New York may be on Orange Alert, but they're still Yellow...)
The on-line NYTimes requires registration -
if the old "cypherpunks" login doesn't work,
you can create your own fake id.
Mapping Natural Gas Lines: Advise the Public, Tip Off the Terrorists
By IAN URBINA  Published: August 29, 2004
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-08-29 06:14:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: JYA's 1st FBI visit? 
You could check the cypherpunks archives to find out what kinds of
cops have visited JYA at various times in the past,
but I'd assume that at least some of the Feds have been FBI
as opposed to Treasury, CIA, NSA, DEA, VOA, KGB, Mossad, Forest Service, etc.
Some quick Google hits include November 2003
and July 2000  .
Looks like the NYT guy either got this entirely wrong
or else was trying to say that a couple of weeks ago was
when the FBI first showed up about _this_ particular issue.
                 Bill

@_date: 2004-10-30 20:36:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Geodesic neoconservative empire 
Since this chain started by ragging on RAH about it being a
_geodesic_ neo-{Khan, con-men} empire, you're both correct -
there isn't a conflict between ruling them by proxy
and not ruling them directly, assuming that the Commander-in-Chief
can get Our Puppet Iraqis to take over ruling their country for us
as was supposed to magically happen when we knocked off
our previous puppet.  It didn't help that the Iraqis have
con-men of their own like Ahmad Chalabi telling our con-man
how easy it would be (which is what they wanted to hear)
and we've not only had to get a new puppet, we've had to
do an awful lot more work that we were supposed to.
I've never been clear how much the neo-con gang
(Wolfowitz, Leo Strauss, et al.) desire to
give America a cohesive sense of national purpose
through empire was because they cared about actually
controlling the rest of the world and
how much was because they cared about ruling America.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-22 09:27:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Dr. Hunter S. Thompson on the Election 
A lot of columnists are trying to look fair and balanced in their
election coverage, expressing their biases opinions while claiming
to be reasonable; I'm most recently mad at Safire for this.
So it's nice to be able to recommend a column by someone
who's making no pretense of balance, the good Doctor himself:
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-01 18:59:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: QC Hype Watch: Quantum cryptography gets practical 
It's also known as a "wiretap insertion point"...
 > As for "Hype Watch", I tend to agree, but I also believe that Gelfond
 > (who I spoke to last year) actually does have a 'viable' system.
 > Commerically viable is another thing entirely, however.
"Practical" implies that there's a crossover point between
cost and benefit and that implementation is on the "benefit" side.
Implementation may now be possible, and the costs may be lower
than their previous infinite value, but the main benefits I see are
public relations hype to impress the rubes and protect against
zero-day exploits against Diffie-Hellman or Cisco IOS.
But you could protect against the Cisco exploits just as easily
with a conventional-key encryption hardware box,
and you wouldn't need contiguous fiber.

@_date: 2004-10-03 19:01:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Foreign Travelers Face Fingerprints and Jet Lag 
There's already a wall / fence built to keep Mexicans out.
They're primarily intended to create a climate of fear and dependence
and reassure the American public that the government's in charge.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-09 05:57:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: RFID Driver's licenses for VA 
Tinfoil Wallets, anybody?  :-)
Actually, does anybody know if metallized mylar would do a good job
of blocking RFID readers, or if that carbon-fiber insulating cloth
that's useful for RF-shielded rooms would work well enough?
Also sounds like a good reason to carry a Rivest RFID blocker in your wallet.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-22 18:12:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
> J.A. Terranson
 > > No.  We are under attack by those DEFENDING THEMSELVES.
 > All of the terrorists came from countries that were
 > beneficiaries of an immense amount of US help.
James - Many, perhaps most, of the POWs at Gitmo weren't foreigners,
they were Afghans.  Many of the POWs at Gitmo probably were Al-Qaeda
or other organized paramilitary groups.  But many of them were
described by the US propagandists as "Taliban fighters" -
the military arm of the local central government who were
"legitimate" to the extent that any group of warlords
who are the current king of the hill are legitimate,
and not too many months before the invasion,
the US government was giving those same Taliban $43million
because they were so helpful in our War on Drugs.
And sure, they're a nasty bunch, but so are many of the
anti-communist military juntas the US supported over the years.
It wasn't like the US didn't know the Taliban were
tolerating anti-American terrorist groups at the time -
Clinton's Pentagon had bombed some of the camps in ~97
as well as the Sudan medical factory in response to
bin Laden's bombing of the US embassies in Africa.
Also, perhaps you don't realize this, but many countries
with central governments do allow foreigners to stay there,
whether as immigrants, tourists, guestworkers, businessmen,
students, or attendees of terrorist training camps like the
School of the Americas or the Osama bin Laden gang.
Countries without effective central governments are usually
more flexible about such things, and cultures that are
tribally organized with colonialist-drawn boundaries
are also less likely to be picky about it, though they may
be more picky about whose tribal land you're in.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-19 04:04:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
None of those things sound like terrorism to me,
just basic military violence, though certainly the
American and Russian militaries aren't the only ones
engaging in terrorist activities in South Asia
and some of these ~146 people may be among them.
But most of the Warlord-vs-Warlord fighting in Afghanistan
isn't terrorism, and most of the Iraqi Resistance isn't either,
and I'd have expected that a staunch anti-communist like James
wouldn't mind people shooting at Russian soldiers even though
they're no longer Soviets.
While the ones murdering Iraqi Christians may be doing it out of
religious hatred as well as the perception that the
Americans are running a Christian crusade against the Muslim world,
the Indonesian invasions of their neighbors such as East Timor
are just good old nationalist expansion -
the US has been funding the Indonesian military for ~40 years
because they're our Anti-Communist buddies,
and who cares about their human rights records.
You didn't expect that behaviour to stop just because there
were no longer any Commies around, did you?

@_date: 2004-10-19 03:54:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
James Donald recently wrote
 > > It isn't a problem for you until it happens to you. Who knows
 > > when being interested in anon e-cash will become a ground to
 > > blacklist *you*.
 > I know when it will happen.  It will happen when people
 > interested in anon ecash go on suicide missions.   :-)
More likely, when anon ecash money-launderers start being accused of
funding terrorist activities.
Unfortunately, the primary algorithm seems to work like this:
- Somebody puts a name on some list because it seems like a
         good idea at the time, and there's no due process required.
- Everybody copies lists from everybody else,
         with minimal attempt to track where the information comes from.
- Database corruption propagates rapidly, so anybody who's on
         any list because of political corruption like Neo-Cointelpro
         stays there because of database corruption.

@_date: 2004-10-19 03:54:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
As Erma Bombeck wrote, by the time you look like your
passport photo, it's time to come home from vacation.
An extra couple of red-eye flights don't help, either.
James misspoke here - the only public air transport I'm aware of
in the US is run by the military, and or if he meant
that people who look like shaggy-haired Brits with real leather shoes
should be banned from privately-run transportation systems like
airplanes and Greyhound, that pretty much leaves
Amtrack as the only long-distance transport option for civilians,
since city and county busses normally don't go very far.
 > > Provided the number of people you throw off planes is
 > > rather small, I don't see the problem.
Depends a lot on how high up the planes are when you throw them off...
There's the concept of "due process of law" that
the Bush administration isn't very familiar with
that determines when you're Constitutionally permitted
to deprive people of their liberties.
 > Personally, as a relatively frequent flyer, I worry much more about things
 > like cutting corners of fuselage and engine maintenance and quality of
 > fuel (and, perhaps even more, the quality of onboard coffee) than about
 > bombers on board.
Unfortunately, cutting the quality of the onboard coffee means that
you're more likely to look like a shoe-bomber by the time the
plane arrives.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-17 07:50:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Airport insanity 
Fundamentalism doesn't make people kill people.
Being pissed off does.  Being scared does.
Believing that those people are a threat to a Higher Cause
you Believe In does, whether it's religion, country, family, etc.
Wanting other people's stuff does.
Failing to believe that other people matter does
if they happen to be in your way.
Failing to believe that other people matter does
if it looks like it'll help you get what you want.
Being stupid might not directly make people kill people,
but it can affect whether you think the other conditions apply
and/or who you kill if you're going to kill people.
Some of those things make you willing to die in the process
of killing the people you want killed, and some don't,
though there's the intermediate case of being willing to have
people on Your Side get killed as long as it's not you.
McVeigh was pissed off, and he believed that the Feds
as a whole were a threat to America, so he decided to kill
Feds who were an easy target, as opposed to, say,
raiding a well-armed BATF headquarters.
The kids in the next buildings were just collateral damage.
Bush, on the other hand, doesn't believe other people matter,
and getting US soldiers killed or Iraqi children killed
or lying to the American public about them being Safer is fine,
though Saddam trying to kill his Daddy really pissed him off,
and war is the health of the state, which is him and his buddies.
You really don't want Carlos the Jackal on your flight.
Non-suicidal airplane bombers might bring a bomb onto a plane
and hide it under the seat so it'll blow up on the next flight,
or hide it inside somebody else's luggage so it'll blow up on
_their_ next flight, or whatever.  And they've usually done
more thinking about how to get away with it, though they're
trying to solve a much harder problem than suicide bombers are.
James Bamford's latest book "A Pretext for War"
is mainly about the Bush Administration's willingness
to use 9/11 as an excuse for the war they wanted even before
they got into office, but he spends a while excoriating the CIA
for being a bunch of bleeding incompetents.
The CIA spent a while trying to chase and kill bin Laden,
while constantly losing track of most of his organizations,
but they didn't ever try infiltrating Al Qaeda, because they
thought it would be too difficult to pass off their infiltrators
as credible due to cultural differences.
Yet Johnny Walker Lindh and Richard Shoebomber Reid
didn't much trouble joining them.  Bamford apparently
believes that Reid was the genuine article, though Reid sure
looks like the ideal guy you'd use if you wanted to
scare the public by planting an unsuccessful crazy bomber wannabee.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-20 17:46:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: "Give peace a chance"? NAH... 
Do you mean the terrorists who raised their funding in
bars in Boston and San Francisco?  They haven't been
doing much active terror lately, though they still
try to raise funds in the bars on Geary Street.
The Bush Administration says that they'll go bomb any country
that harbors anti-US terrorists, but if the UK felt the
same way and bombed Boston I bet they'd be a bit upset.
(Bombing San Francisco wouldn't bother the Bush League as much.)

@_date: 2004-10-21 05:44:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Printers betray document secrets 
It turns out that their techniques aren't all that useful.
Changing laser printer cartridges changes the results.
You might find that two documents were printed
by the same printer, but it doesn't give you the
options for tracking it down that manual typewriters did.
And the differences don't identify a specific printer
in a way that can be tracked, e.g. identifying a serial number
that could be looked up from warranty records.
It's not clear that they work at all with inkjet printers,
and changing ink cartridges is even more common than
changing laser printer cartridges.  If you're sloppy,
you've probably got a bunch of partly-used cartridges around,
so even if you want to print out a bunch of ransom notes
or whatever, you don't even have to go to Kinko's
to get them to be different.
If printer makers want to build in watermarking to
make everything they print traceable, the way many of them
check for documents that look like money and don't print them,
they could hide patterns that survive cartridge changes
(would you notice a few inverted pixels on a 600x600dpi printout?)
But even then, inkjet printers are dirt cheap;
when they're on sale, they're essentially a free enclosure
in a box of overpriced printer cartridges,
so even of the printer wants to rat out the user and
it's not easy to change the serial number PROM,
you can just replace the printer.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-27 01:51:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Are new passports [an] identity-theft risk? 
The questions would then be, what frequency do these
There's an excellent RFID reference article at
RFIDs run at a variety of frequencies,
including 128 kHz, 13.56MHz, 915 MHz, 2.45GHz,
which are the common ISM bands that lots of other things run in,
such as cordless phones, WiFi, Microwave ovens, etc.,
which means that detecting readers may be tough.
It doesn't take a lot of power to power them;
not sure what it takes to fry them.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-28 08:37:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Donald's Job Description 
Hey, we've got DiFi here, who's unfortunately been
more effective at getting things she wants.
But it's Barbara Boxer who's up for election this round.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-28 08:35:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Donald's Job Description 
No, if you google for timcmay and got.net, you'll find him.
(He changed from tcmay to timcmay a couple of years ago
after getting too much spam or something,
and there's spam-harvester-distraction in his posted domain name.)
He's posted on ba.food in the last week, among other places.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-28 01:14:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Donald's Job Description 
Oh, definitely much lower(even if he wins :-).
And if he loses, he ought to take Nader's place as the
"spoiled the election" guy, or at least Dukakis's.
They say we've got the best politicians money can buy,
but we sure should be able to buy better politicians than him.
Kerry was one of the worst runnable Democrats they could find.
Edwards was worse, and at the time I thought Gephardt was worse,
though Kerry's chickened out enough that he might not win,
which would be worse than Gephardt winning.
Kerry's a content-free stuffed shirt who no longer has the guts
that he had during his anti-war days, which is a big problem
in a campaign about emotions and values and Fearmongering,
and Edwards is all pretty face with no apparent soul either.
He's thoroughly failed to propose anything positive or concrete
(saying "Help is on the way" just doesn't cut it,
especially if you don't have anything to offer except not being Bush)
and he's let his "I'm a war hero" stance
get in the way of bashing Bush's incompetence in the war
and bashing Bush's fundamental dishonesty.
He's let Karl Rove dominate the emotional campaign,
and failed to take the high road aggressively
but tried to fight back against Rove on Rove's territory, which is futile.
The only time he really got anywhere emotionally was during
the parts of the debates where he would talk about how Bush's father did x/y/z
and Bush Jr. wasn't up to it, which left Bush squirming at his podium,
and he failed to catch on to the fact that Bush-o-nomics is
the same Voodoo Economics that Bush Sr. criticized when he was
running against Reagan.
Howard Dean would have been fun, but he was enough of a threat
to the establishment that they had to stop him
(especially the Democratic establishment,
because he was rebuilding an actual political party with
some grass roots in it as opposed to the current pure astroturf.)
And MoveOn seems to have mostly disappeared.

@_date: 2004-10-28 08:14:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Russia tied to Iraq's missing arms 
The Bush Administration succeeded in delaying it until
late enough in October not to ruin the election,
and in the Commie-Colored states it's probably mostly
playing as "that Eeeevillll Saddam had lots of Ammo,
aren't we glad that Fearless Leader took him out!"
There's the Liberal Media at work :-)
         The Bush Administration keeps using phrases like
"reliable information" and "credible sources".
I don't think it means what _they_ think it means.
Russians collaborating with Iraqis?  I thought the Iraqis
were supposed to be on the side of Moslem Terrorists,
like the Chechens.  I guess propaganda has no more reason to be
self-consistent than Middle Eastern political behaviour, though.
Saddam giving weapons to the Iranians?  Fat chance.
Syria's not real likely either, though less improbable,
and Lebanon's mostly under Syrian control but has enough
people there who are anti-Israel that it's possible.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-29 17:54:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: 2000 curies of Ci 
MilliCuries?  That's a bit surprising,
though losing microCuries of it would be more likely.
An average home smoke detector has 1-5 microcuries,
and industrial detectors go up to 15, according to
one or two articles on the web which may be outdated.
So you're saying they lose hundreds to thousands of
smoke detectors a month?
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-10-31 20:03:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Osama's makeover 
Nah - he's allowed to use a Teleprompter,
unlike Bush and Kerry at the debate-o-mercials.
And unlike Bush, he can actually read.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-11-10 20:40:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ashcroft resigns, America is Safer, at least for the moment 
With Ashcroft going, America's a bit safer,
unless of course his successor is just as bad.
One of the candidates for Ashcroft's successor is
Bush's White House legal counsel Alberto Gonzales,
who's been responsible for several memos suggesting that
POWs from Afghanistan aren't protected by the Geneva Conventions
and that torturing captives may be ok.
So we may not be safer once he's in place.
Another candidate is Larry Thompson, former deputy attorney general,
who's currently the general counsel for Pepsico.
He's black, which is for some reason still politically interesting,
but he's also indicated that he likes working at Pepsico.
NYT's latest rumors favor Gonzales.
(Requires free login - use some fake email address if you don't have one.)

@_date: 2004-11-04 00:43:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: the new Keyser Sose (was Re: "Do androids dream of 
Not sure if the old Keyser Sose was limping or not,
but he came out last week to give George Bush's campaign a helpful
"Booga booga booga" to remind the sheeple that he's still there.
Bush's speech had bragged that Osama could "run, but he can't hide",
and Kerry neglected the chance to remind the public that
Osama ran, and he's hidden real well, and that Bush has been
too busy with the war on Saddam to bother catching him.

@_date: 2004-11-05 02:34:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Love It or Leave It 
Bob continues to forward entertaining and occasionally insightful articles to the list.
 > can someone remind me why secession is not an option at this point?
Meanwhile, on the Commie-colored side of the fence,
Mike Thompson of HUMAN EVENTS ONLINE
took several weeks to write a "modest proposal" to
kick the states that didn't get with the program out of the union.
Those of us who remember the Vietnam-era redneck taunt about
"America: Love It or Leave It" also remember that if anybody
*did* leave, the right wing got immensely offended by it
and wanted to hunt them traitors down like dawgs.
Then of course there was that unpleasantness of the
War Between the States, aka the War of Northern Aggression,
in which the Red States left because they didn't like the
liberal northerners and their activist judges and politicians
disrupting the core of their traditional values,
and the Blue States insisted that Nationalism was
more important than the right to secede and attacked them.
So no, it probably won't fly...
Unfortunately, I have to agree with the critics of Kerry who said
that he was aloof and out of touch with Middle America;
his campaign clearly didn't recognize that Bush had
succeeded at telling them that Kerry didn't share their values,
and Kerry didn't realize it and demonstrate otherwise,
nor did he do an adequate job of talking about Democratic values
in a way that would draw them in.
And the Republicans and the Democrat establishment had
pretty much gotten together to take out Howard Dean,
who was building an actual political party inside the
hollowed-out shell of the current party.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-11-16 18:17:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Gettin' Our Scots-Irish Up 
The music that I associate with National Review is
distinctly not country-western -
it's Bach's Second Brandenburg Concerto,
used as the theme music for Bill Buckley's program Firing Line.
They may be putting on country-boy airs, but they're still elitists...
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-11-24 10:42:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Fallujah: Marine Eye-Witness Report 
Well, once you get past the invalid and dishonest parts of
Bush's 57 reasons We Need to Invade Iraq Right Now
(WMDs, Al-Qaeda, Tried to kill Bush's Daddy, etc.)
you're pretty much left with "Saddam tried to kill Bush's Daddy"
and "Replacing the EEEVil dictator Saddam with a Democracy
to protect the Iraqi people".  Pulling off the latter
requires that you leave them with something better
than a civil war, though it's not clear that
what they're getting right now _is_ better than a civil war.

@_date: 2004-12-30 20:41:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Dept Homeland Security Research Conference in Boston, April 
Not sure what mailing list this came from, but the DHS is running
a shindig in Boston in April, if anybody wants to drop by.
I've de-MIME-ified it, so it may be a bit harder to read.
Sent: Wednesday, December 29, 2004 5:45 PM
Dear Colleague,
You are invited to participate in this inaugural, must-attend, national event, sponsored by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Science and Technology Directorate, scheduled for April 27 & 28, 2005 in Boston, to encourage public-private partnering among scientists and engineers from government, national laboratories, universities, research institutes, and private sector firms investing in R&D.  Private sector and university-based scientists can benefit from the technologies and technical approaches developed and deployed by the national and DHS labs.  The laboratories in turn can explore leveraging opportunities with leading private sector and university-based research programs.
Please take a moment to consider submitting a paper presenting your research at this conference. If you cannot submit a paper, attend and learn what others are doing and how you can work with them. We are also seeking conference cosponsors and exhibitors from both public and private sector organizations. Visit the conference web site,   , for more details often. It is constantly being updated.
Working Together: Conference on Public/Private R&D Partnerships in Homeland Sponsored by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Science & Technology          April 27 & 28, 2005
         The Seaport Hotel and World Trade Center
         Boston, Massachusetts, USA
Call for Technical Papers
The First Annual Working Together: Conference on Public/Private Research & Development (R&D) Partnerships in Homeland Security
This two-day Conference will focus on state-of-the-art science and technology to anticipate, prevent, respond to, and recover from high-consequence chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosives and cyber terrorist threats. The conference will also address protection of the nation's critical infrastructure, and the harnessing of science and intelligence to reduce threat and risk.
The objectives of this inaugural event are to encourage public-private partnering among scientists and engineers from government, national laboratories, universities and research institutes, and private sector firms investing in R&D, to address the collective science and technology research goals of the U.S. homeland security community. Private sector and university-based scientists can benefit from the technologies and technical approaches developed and deployed by the national and DHS labs.  The laboratories in turn can explore leveraging opportunities with leading private sector and university-based research programs.
Through plenary and breakout sessions, posters and a companion Exhibition Conference Participants will:
·  learn about DHS awareness, countermeasures and response and recovery goals;
·  address the most pressing technical challenges;
·  identify the most critical knowledge gaps;
·  be introduced to the core capabilities of national and DHS laboratories, and the Departments university-based homeland security centers; and
DHS is committed to science and technology leadership, and the creation of an enduring national capability for homeland security.  Toward this end, the DHS S&T Directorate supports and recognizes technical excellence in research, development, testing and evaluation (RDT&E) of homeland security technologies; encourages collaborations and partnerships among RDT&E performers across the homeland security science and technology complex; actively disseminates knowledge generated through the execution of RDT&E programs and university-based homeland security centers; and to the greatest extent practical, enhances visibility and recognition of scientists and engineers dedicated to homeland security missions.
Technical Topics
We are seeking papers on the following topics:
·  Threat Characterization for:  Chemical, Biological, Radiological / Nuclear, Conventional Explosives (CBRNE)
·  Threat and Vulnerability Assessment including:  Knowledge Discovery (Semantic Graphs), Technology-based Emerging Threats (e.g., terrorist exploitation of advances in nanotechnology and biotechnology), Advanced Risk Modeling, Simulation and Analysis for Decision Support, Modeling and Simulation (Cognition and Behavior), Discrete Sciences, Visual Analytics
·  Sensors including: Performance Improvement, Next-Generation Designs, and Architecture for Devices and Systems
·  Forensics and Attribution for Chemical and Biological Events
·  Chemical Countermeasures Including:  Detection (TICs and TIMs), Surveillance/Detection (Low Volatility/Chemical Warfare Agents)
·  Biological Countermeasures including:  Agricultural Security, Surveillance (Situational Awareness)
·  Radiological/Nuclear Countermeasures including:  Passive and Active ·  Explosives Detection including: Bulk and Trace Detection and Nanosensors
·  Methods to Disarm/Defeat Conventional Explosives
·  Critical Infrastructure Protection and Cyber Security including:  Addressing Insider Threat, Large Scale Situational Awareness
·  Post-Event Recovery and Restoration from events involving the use of chemical and biological agents and nuclear and radioactive materials (e.g., improvised nuclear devices and radiological dispersion devices).
Information and Important Dates
Abstracts should be submitted in MS Word and limited to a maximum of 250 words. On the same page, the author(s) title, name, address, phone, fax, email and organization affiliation must be submitted. In addition, a maximum of 100-word biography of the presenting author is required on a separate page.
Electronic versions of abstracts and papers should be submitted via the conference website. Detailed instructions about the electronic submission process will be published on the website. All electronic submissions will be acknowledged via email.
         Abstract deadline:                        February 7, 2005
         Speaker Notification:                     March 1, 2005
         Final Paper Deadline:                  At the Conference
For more information on the First Annual National Homeland Security R&D Conference, please refer to website: Call for Sponsors and Exhibitors
We are seeking conference cosponsors and exhibitors from public and private sector organizations.
For more information on sponsorship opportunities, please email: dhsconferencesponsorships  .
For more information on exhibit opportunities, please email dhsconferenceexhibits  .
Call for Preliminary Registration
If you are interested in attending this conference, please email us at dhsconference  . To make sure you receive our notices, please configure your spam filter to accept this email address.
Conference Organizer
DHS S&T - The Department of Homeland Securitys Science and Technology Directorate is the primary research and development arm of the Department.  It provides Federal, state, and local officials with the technology and capabilities to protect the homeland.
You are subscribed as billstewart To manage your subscription, go to Archives at: Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-12-13 04:04:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gary Webb dies - reported on CIA Cocaine Connections 
(AP Storty)
Gary Webb, 49, former Mercury News reporter, author
INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALIST WROTE CONTROVERSIAL SERIES
By Jessica Portner
Mercury News
Gary Webb, a former Mercury News investigative reporter, author and legislative staffer who ignited a firestorm with his controversial stories, died Friday in an apparent suicide in his suburban Sacramento home. He was 49.
The Sacramento County coroner's office said that when A Better Moving Company arrived at Mr. Webb's Carmichael home at about 8:20 a.m. Friday, a worker discovered a note posted to the front door which read: ``Please do not enter. Call 911 and ask for an ambulance.''
Mr. Webb, an award-winning journalist, was found dead of a gunshot wound to the head, Sacramento County Deputy Coroner Bill Guillot said Saturday.
Mr. Webb's friends and colleagues described him as a devoted father and a funny, dogged reporter who was passionate about investigative journalism.
As a staff writer for the Mercury News from 1989 to 1997, he exposed freeway retrofitting problems in the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake and wrote stories about the Department of Motor Vehicles' computer software fiascos.
Mr. Webb was perhaps best known for sparking a national controversy with a 1996 story that contended supporters of a CIA-backed guerrilla army in Nicaragua helped trigger America's crack-cocaine epidemic in the 1980s. The ``Dark Alliance'' series in the Mercury News came under fire by other news organizations, and the paper's own investigation concluded the series did not meet its standards.
Mr. Webb resigned a year and a half after the series appeared in the paper. He then published his book, ``Dark Alliance: The CIA, the Contras and the Crack Cocaine Explosion.''
In the past few years, Mr. Webb worked in the California Assembly Speaker's Office of Member Services and for the Joint Legislative Audit Committee. The committee investigated charges that Oracle received a no-bid contract from Gov. Gray Davis. After being laid off from his legislative post last year, Mr. Webb was hired by the Sacramento News and Review, a weekly Tom Dresslar, a spokesman for state Attorney General Bill Lockyer who has known Mr. Webb for more than a decade, was distraught Saturday when he heard that his friend may have taken his own life.
``He had a fierce commitment to justice, truth and cared a lot about people who are forgotten and society tries to shove into the dark corners,'' Dresslar said. ``It's a big loss for me personally and a great loss for the journalism community.''
Services for Mr. Webb are pending.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-12-08 18:48:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Bugs in the belfry 
If you're a literary-crit type, interested in the evolution of
Nietzsche's thought, that's an interesting kind of question,
and you can go looking for evidence in the changes in
ideas and expression between his earlier and later books.
However, if you're trying to examine the question of
whether his books should be taken seriously
as philosophy, as opposed to whether they're
Significant Art, then that doesn't really matter;
the question is whether the ideas as written
are any good or are crackpot lunacy,
which is independent of whether the author was a crackpot.
I suppose if you're trying to evaluate whether
they're a good philosophy for actual living,
you can look at the effects of Nietzsche's
ideas on his life, but that's a much broader study,
and the direct lesson here is that
unsafe sex isn't a good idea..
Disclaimer - most of what I've read of Nietzsche was
when we had to translate some of it in high school German class.
It's very frustrating to be reading something that
appears to say that the destruction of the human race
would be a good thing and have to figure out if that's
because you got a verb tense wrong or because it's Nietzsche.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-12-06 20:36:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Kerik, Homeland Security Czar - Scathing article from The 
The Register has a really friendly article about Kerik,
Giuliani's buddy who's proposed for Homeland Security Czar.
(El Reg is primarily an online technology newswire,
but they do comment on other issues, especially if they
have technical aspects - they especially rag on the
UK's Home Secretary Blunkett's National ID Card proposals.)
High-school drop-out to become Homeland Security Czar
By Thomas C Greene
Published Monday 6th December 2004 11:07 GMT
President George W. Bush has nominated former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik to replace Tom Ridge as Homeland Security Secretary, marking a significant departure from his tendency to choose educated, Patrician types for his Cabinet.
Kerik, a high-school drop-out abandoned at age four by his prostitute mother in the gritty town of Patterson, New Jersey, served as an Army MP in South Korea, and later worked in private international security rackets, most interestingly in Saudi Arabia.
He joined the New York City Police Department in 1985. He followed that with a stint as Warden of the Passaic County Jail in New Jersey, and became the Training Officer and Commander of the Special Weapons and Operations Units. In 1998 he was named New York Corrections Commissioner, and established an ironclad, head-cracking discipline in the City's notorious detention facilities.
A favorite of former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, Kerik had the honor of seeing the Manhattan Detention Complex, known to locals as "the Tombs," re-named the Bernard B. Kerik Complex by then-mayor Giuliani. Kerik left a minor cloud of corruption behind, with allegations that one of his lieutenants used correctional staff to work illegally in Republican campaigns.
In 2000, Giuliani named Kerik Police Commissioner, to assist him in a vast anti-crime crackdown, where the chief tactic was for police to pounce aggressively on even the most chickenshit offences, such as spitting on the Upon his retirement from City politics, Giuliani decided to cash in on post-9/11 security hysteria by founding his own security outfit, Giuliani Partners LLC. Kerik has served as senior vice president at Giuliani Partners, and CEO of Giuliani-Kerik LLC, a vendor of law-enforcement "performance systems". Meanwhile, Giuliani has founded several spin-offs, such as Giuliani Capital Advisors LLC, and the Rudolph W. Giuliani Advanced Security Centers (ASC), a cyber-security outfit formed in connection with Ernst & Young.
Recently, Kerik shipped out to Iraq to train the local policemen who are routinely blown to pieces by insurgents and terrorists. There, he enjoyed the snappy titles of Interim Minister of the Interior, and Senior Policy Advisor to the US Presidential Envoy to Iraq's Coalition Provisional Authority. Kerik lasted only four months, and the Iraqi police are still as incompetent, weak, and corrupt as when he arrived in country.
Kerik began making his transition from local to national politics by campaigning for President Bush's re-election, alongside his political patron and business partner, Rudy Giuliani. Kerik has been a devoted booster of the so-called Patriot Act, having given several speeches in its support while campaigning for Bush.
In anticipation of his rise to national office, Kerik recently sold his $5.8m in shares of Taser International, makers of absolutely safe police stun guns that are now routinely used against old women and children.
He is expected to be confirmed by the Senate without difficulty. ®

@_date: 2004-12-08 19:01:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: "Word" Of the Subgenius... 
If you think those are anarchist ideas, you've missed the
main ideas about anarchy and anarcho-capitalism and such.
Anarchism isn't about getting rid of the _current_ people in charge,
it's about getting rid of _having_ people be in charge.
On a cypherpunks-history track, Tim or Eric once proposed that
the way to deal with slander in an uncensorable anonymous
communication environment was to make sure that there was
_always_ a wide current of anonymous slander against you going on,
so you can dismiss any _real_ slander by saying it's just more
of the same crap that some anonymous people always say about you,
and that there may even be a market for it.
(And Tim didn't even pay me to say that he's Detweiler's father...)
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-12-06 06:22:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
There are several different issues related to PROMIS
0 - What size tinfoil hat do you need?
         (It's probably still worth being paranoid about Echelon,
         but PROMIS is old hat...)
1 - Feds or somebody basically pirated their copy of the software,
         back when most mainframe software was expensive,
         and drove the company into bankruptcy rather than pay up,
         and they spent a lot of effort covering up their ripoff,
         possibly including the murder of a journalist.
2 - What are the basic capabilities of the software?
         I think Alif's got it about right, and remember that
         back in the early 80s, Codd & Date had written some really cool
         theory about how relational databases could and should work,
         but most computers didn't have the horsepower for them and
         the early implementations were mostly either crude or bloated.
         Also, mainframe software tended to be very customized,
         particularly if it had to interconnect with other mainframe software
         like somebody else's non-relational database with a different schema.
3 - What sets of data were the various spooks, feds, and staties
         _keeping_ in their databases, and how much of it did they
         share with each other or get from various other sources?
If you worked with databases back in the early 80s, remember that
a gigabyte of disk used to be pretty big, rather than wristwatch-sized,
and a megabyte of RAM was big and cost non-trivial amounts of money,
and magnetic tapes held less than 200MB and took tens of minutes to read,
and big database projects typically required departments of
dozens or hundreds of workers to spend months of budgeting and planning to
design schemas and processes that could take months to run,
instead of being ad-hoc queries any random employee can run on their desktop
over lunchtime if they feel like it, and might be able to run
on their pocket computer when riding home on the subway.
My department's ~1983 VAX had a 1 MIPS CPU, a gig of removable disk,
4MB RAM, and two tape drives, and cost about $400K.
It wasn't big iron - that was typically an order of magnitude bigger.
These days, $400 will get you a 3000 MIPS CPU, a gig of RAM,
and 100-200GB disk, and database software is free.
It's about a million times more cost-effective, depending on
whether you care more about CPU, disk, or RAM,
and there's an Internet hanging out the back side that will
let you use Google's farm of ~100K computers for free.

@_date: 2004-12-11 21:27:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Blinky Rides Again: RCMP suspect al-Qaida messages 
Of course, the _real_ message wasn't hidden in subtle stego bits -
it was whether the picture was Bush's dog, Cheney's dog, or Blair's dog.
The more serious problem is what this means for computer evidence
search and seizure procedures - the US has some official rules about
"copy the disk and return the computer" that came out of the Steve Jackson
case, not that they're always followed; I don't know if the Canadians
are more or less polite about returning computers,
but this kind of thing increases the chances of harassment
of various ethnic and political organizations
"We're keeping your computer as evidence of potential crimes,
but we haven't actually charged you with a crime yet
and won't do so unless we can find the hidden stego evidence."
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-12-11 23:40:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: punkly current events 
But the Taliban were the US warlords' *friends*.
After all, that's why the US paid them $43m for doing
such a great job in their holy war against opium farmers.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2004-12-11 21:01:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Mixmaster is dead, long live wardriving 
Joe Sixpack got lost at "Compile".
It's still easier to use than the early versions of FreeS/WAN
("First do a clean compile of your kernel...")
On the other hand, if you're using Mutt, you're already
more complex than Joe Sixpack is likely to use.
Also, rather than a virus installer, it'd be interesting if there were
an anonymizer package built for Apache.  Widespread anonymous web browsing
would mean that simple web-based remailers would be easily usable.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-16 10:28:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Searching with Images instead of Words 
I think it definitely has a future.
I'm a bit skeptical about whether it's a _near_ future, though....
It sounds especially possible for specific classes of pictures,
such as outdoor locations in major cities.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-11 02:27:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Adware for Windows Media Player spreading by P2P 
According to an article in The Register, Overpeer is spreading
adware-infected Windows Media Audio and Windows Media Video files via P2P.
PC World Magazine did some research, ran Etherpeek, and found that
the adware was going to Overpeer, which is owned by Loudeye,
who strongly defend the practice, saying music pirates deserve what they get.
Of course, what the article isn't mentioning is that
this means that the WMA and WMV file formats have features
that can be used with the Windows Media Player to support adware,
so a good chunk of the blame belongs back in Redmond.
(Remind me again why closed-source DRMware is a good idea?)
Now, it wouldn't bother me if the Windows Media Player's
silly trippy visuals that you get when playing audio
that doesn't have a video track were replaced by
some advertising video, as long as it's all self-contained
and doesn't phone home to tell advertisers what I'm listening to.
But this one seems to be pretty chatty.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-06 19:53:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Spaf's mailing list on information assurance/security, 
I have created the mailing list "ias-opportunities
for distributing announcements of funding opportunities, conference
and journal calls, and similar solicitations specifically about
issues of information assurance, information security, and
cybercrime-related issues.  This is not limited to academics -- these
announcements should be of interest as well to people in government
and industry.
Members of the list can send announcements such as the above to the
list.   Non-members can send announcements to
"ias-opportunities-submit for posting.
If you are interested in subscribing to the list, send email to
"ias-opportunities-request with the message
If you want to subscribe an address other than the one from which you
send the email, use the message
subscribe This list is for announcements only -- not discussions, and should be
A WWW-archive of posts is available at
------ End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 2005-01-05 03:18:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Banks Test ID Device for Online Security 
Yup.  It's the little keychain frob that gives you a string of numbers,
updated every 30 seconds or so, which stays roughly in sync with a server,
so you can use them as one-time passwords
instead of storing a password that's good for a long term.
So if the phisher cons you into handing over your information,
they've got to rip you off in nearly-real-time with a MITM game
instead of getting a password they can reuse, sell, etc.
That's still a serious risk for a bank,
since the scammer can use it to log in to the web site
and then do a bunch of transactions quickly;
it's less vulnerable if the bank insists on a new SecurID hit for
every dangerous transaction, but that's too annoying for most customers.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-05 03:18:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Banks Test ID Device for Online Security 
Yup.  It's the little keychain frob that gives you a string of numbers,
updated every 30 seconds or so, which stays roughly in sync with a server,
so you can use them as one-time passwords
instead of storing a password that's good for a long term.
So if the phisher cons you into handing over your information,
they've got to rip you off in nearly-real-time with a MITM game
instead of getting a password they can reuse, sell, etc.
That's still a serious risk for a bank,
since the scammer can use it to log in to the web site
and then do a bunch of transactions quickly;
it's less vulnerable if the bank insists on a new SecurID hit for
every dangerous transaction, but that's too annoying for most customers.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-10 20:41:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Ready, Aim, ID Check: In Wrong Hands, Gun Won't Fire 
I'd rather not have to rely on a gun that's
acting like typical Artificial Intelligence software
- "Out of Virtual Memory - Garbage-Collecting - Back in a minute"
- "Tea?  You mean Leaves, boiled in water?  That's a tough one!"
- "Low on Entropy - please wave the gun around and pull the trigger a few Police have enough problems with situations where guns are too slow,
such as a guy with a knife ten feet away,
and ostensibly smart guns that aren't reliable are really bad.
And slowly-responding guns just encourage cops to pull them out early
and start shooting early just in case,
which is the kind of thing most gun-grabbing liberals want to avoid.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-09 07:14:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "The Reader of Gentlemen's Mail", by David Kahn 
My wife was channel-surfing and ran across David Kahn talking about his recent book
"The Reader of Gentlemen's Mail: Herbert O. Yardley and the Birth of American Codebreaking".
ISBN 0300098464 , Yale University Press, March 2004
Amazon's page has a couple of good detailed reviews
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-09 07:14:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "The Reader of Gentlemen's Mail", by David Kahn 
My wife was channel-surfing and ran across David Kahn talking about his recent book
"The Reader of Gentlemen's Mail: Herbert O. Yardley and the Birth of American Codebreaking".
ISBN 0300098464 , Yale University Press, March 2004
Amazon's page has a couple of good detailed reviews
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-12 21:59:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [IP] No expectation of privacy in public? In a pig's eye! 
Do you mean that if you discover an unsolicited gift of
consumer electronics attached to your car,
do you have the right to play with it just as you would if
it came in the mail?  I would certainly expect so...
On the other hand, if it appears to be a lost item,
you could be a good public citizen and take it to the police
to see if anybody claims it...
"GPS tracker" is an ambiguous description, though.
GPS devices detect where they are, but what next?
A device could record where it was, for later collection,
or it could transmit its position to a listener.
Tampering with existing recordings might have legal
implications, but putting a transmitter-based system
in your nearest garbage can or accidentally leaving it in a taxi
or mailing it to Medellin all seem like reasonable activities.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-14 01:46:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Ridge Wants Fingerprints in Passports 
He's smearing his sticky fingerprints all over everything else,
and now he wants them in our passports?
Oughtta learn to keep his hands to himself.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-16 20:38:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: US slaps on the wardriver-busting paint 
You weren't reading the "how it works" description carefully.
It works by blocking RF, so if you put enough paint on to block
outgoing RF from your IF oscillator, you'll also block
incoming RF headed for your tuner, unless your TV set
does a good job of isolating the IF from the antenna.
Similarly, if it's doing a good enough job of blocking RF
to keep 802.11 WLANs from getting out, it's also keeping
cell phone signals from getting in.
RF is surprisingly leaky stuff.  Back when I ran a
TEMPEST-shielded room, we'd find easily-measurable leaks
if the copper-wool filler in the joints wasn't packed tightly,
or if we stuck a paper clip in one of the fiber-waveguide holes.
We were measuring at 450 MHz, which was a really high frequency
for the mid 1980s when computers ran at 10 MHz,
and our room was about 120 dB tight when everything was working.
Looks like the tax is UKP 116, so if the paint is only sold
in whole gallons, and the white vans come around monthly to test,
it could pay off in 3-4 months if it worked, except that
it probably won't work.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-01-14 23:42:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Police Worried About New Vest-Penetrating Gun 
A couple of questions to the gunpunks out there...
I've heard that rifles easily penetrate bullet-proof vests,
and that vests are really only useful against average-to-small handguns
and against shotguns.  Is this accurate?
Any idea how much you can saw off a rifle
and still have it penetrate typical cop vests?
(And I assume the "20 rounds in seconds" is just a scary way to say
"it has a big magazine and you have to pull the trigger 20 times".)
Also, the police expressed worry that criminals might hear about
these guns and then the cops would be in big trouble.
Sounds silly to me - while some criminals might buy a
"cop-killer handgun" for bragging rights,
random criminals presumably only buy weapons useful for the
scenarios they imagine being in,
which is Saturday Night Specials for most applications,
or whatever currently fashionable Mac10/Uzi/etc.
for druglord armies that expect to be shooting at each other,
or rifles for distance work and dual-use pickup-truck decoration.
Do many criminals expect to initiate shootouts with vest-wearing cops
in scenarios where a rifle isn't practical?
Do most cops wear bullet-proof vests regularly other than in
holdup/hostage SWAT situations, where the criminal might have rifles anyway,
and where a regular pistol is just fine for shooting hostages?
Or is this mainly a problem for the cases when cops want to stage
military-style pre-dawn assaults on people's houses,
where they expect that the targets usually only have
pistols handy near the bed and don't have time for rifles?
Seems like scare-mongering to me, not a practical concern.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart

@_date: 2005-02-11 01:31:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Desire safety on Net? (n) code has the solution 
Well, sometimes they're both munitions,
but sometimes they're both bullshit.
I have no reason to assume they're not producing a quality product,
but it's certainly a field where independent verification is necessary.

@_date: 2005-02-27 03:19:55
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Anguilla on $1000 a day - NYTimes 
The NYT updates us on a favorite cryptographers' hideout....
February 27, 2005
HIGH LOW
High: Anguilla on $1000 a Day
By JULIET MACUR
N hour after arriving on Anguilla in early January, I was soaking in the
hot tub at an exclusive resort, sunglasses on, eyes closed, sun warming my
pasty Northeastern face.
Ah, Anguilla, a quiet island that has recently become "the next St.
Barts," a hedonistic hideaway and magnet for members of the boldface set.
At the northeast corner of this narrow isle, Jennifer Aniston and Brad
Pitt spent New Year's in a villa on Captain's Bay. On its southwestern
coast, Jay-Z and Beyoncé had cuddled on the sands of Shoal Bay West. Down
the beach from my resort, Uma Thurman had kicked back at a local bar.
Just as I began to imagine that I, too, was a star on an
escape-the-paparazzi trip, reality interrupted. A foreign object crashed
into my hot tub and sent water slapping against my face. A small boy and
his father were throwing a ball wildly.
The father's next toss bounced off the boy's head and against a woman's
forehead. The father laughed. The woman smiled. I growled and thought,
"This doesn't happen to Jennifer Aniston."
I left in a huff because I had no time for distractions. This was serious
business: I had to figure out how to get by on $1,000 a day.
Related Feature
Low: Anguilla on $250 a Day
Though Anguilla is a relatively undeveloped island where goats might
outnumber residents, $1,000 a day at a chic resort amounts to roughing it.
At the Cap Juluca resort, the cheapest room in high season cost $936 a
night, including the 20 percent tax. Malliouhana Hotel offered a garden
view room on the first floor for $744.
If my best friend, Rose, and I were to eat, drink and even think of going
to the spa on my $1,000-a-day budget, the only high-end resort I could
afford was the CuisinArt Resort and Spa, which sits near the island's
southwestern end on Rendezvous Bay's beach, one and a half miles of
flour-soft sand, blindingly white.
The turquoise ocean water was as clear as Evian, and you could see fish
near the sea floor. The cheapest rate, $550 plus $110 tax - but including
Continental breakfast - would allow us to pretend we belonged at this
beautiful place.
The resort's grounds were simple and elegant. Eggplant-colored
bougainvillea climbed the whitewashed stucco buildings that looked as if
they had been plucked from a Greek cliff. In a nearby garden were trees
heavy with guavas, fig bananas and star apples.
As we looked from the lobby onto a series of rectangular pools cascading
to the beach, a receptionist said we had been upgraded from the main house
to a suite in one of the 10 three-story villas clustered along the shore.
"We hope you don't mind," she said, unaware that I was a journalist.
No, we didn't, and certainly not after seeing the room. The upgrade, to a
junior suite that would have cost $120 more a night, allowed us to hear
waves from our patio.
Our "suite" was a cheery, not fancy, single room, but at 920 square feet
was nearly as big as my Manhattan apartment. A navy couch broke up the
space into sleeping and lounging areas. Two double beds with wicker
headboards faced the porch and a walkway to the beach. Paintings of Greek
fishing villages and bright bedspreads splashed color against the white
walls and tile floors.
A brochure called the bathroom "your own private sanctum," large enough
for an oval tub for a honeymooning couple's bubble bath. But nothing was
that private, considering one wall was made of warped glass. While on the
outside walkway one day, I gasped when I saw a fuzzy version of Rose
heading for the shower.
At the resort's free reception on our first night (with food and drink),
the manager, Rabin Ortiz, told us, "Do not make plans for your weekend."
We quickly learned why. There are no plans to make because, on Anguilla,
there is basically nothing to do. And that's the point.
At CuisinArt, stay away from the main pool (where ball-tossing children
congregate). Instead, sit on the beach and take delivery of homemade lemon
sorbet from waiters whose goal is to fill you with fruity rum drinks.
After sundown, submit to spa treatments like the Anguillan coconut
pineapple scrub, which smells good enough to eat, and the hydroponic
cucumber and aloe wrap, using ingredients grown on the premises.
It was the perfect place for us: upscale, but not one bit snooty.
Night life is minimal. (At 10:30 on Saturday night, only one couple was at
our resort's bar, where a trio sang "Endless Love.") Sea kayaks,
sailboats, catamarans and tennis courts were available and mostly unused.
For casino or dance club action, it's a half-hour ferry ride to St.
Still, after too many games of boccie and gin rummy - or perhaps not
enough gin and rum - we searched for some fun. Down the beach was Dune
Preserve, a delightfully mellow bar inside a wooden shack owned by the
local reggae legend Bankie Banx. A CuisinArt bartender said that Uma had
been there the night before.
We followed the shoreline to get there. But then, as if the local gods
ordered punishment for all $1,000-a-day cheapskates, two stray dogs
charged us in the darkness. We couldn't see them, but they barked and
snapped like rabid Rottweilers, sending us running back to CuisinArt. So
much for Uma.
Cowards that we were, we rented a car the next day for $55 (including $20
for an Anguillan license) and that night drove 60 seconds to Dune
Preserve, only to realize we were too full for a drink. Because, on
Anguilla, what you do is eat - often.
Our gluttony had begun at Santorini, which, like CuisinArt's other
heavenly restaurant, Cafe Mediterraneo, uses food grown in the resort's
high-tech hydroponic garden or its old-school organic one. There, Rose and
I went to a class led by CuisinArt's executive chef, Daniel Orr, formerly
a chef at Guastavino's in New York City.
Neither of us is a great cook. (My fridge at home contains two bottles of
seltzer, nail polish and AA batteries.) But we are great eaters. We
stuffed ourselves with a tangy serving of stingray, a dizzyingly delicious
chocolate soufflé and yellow lentil bisque so good we were tempted to lick
our bowls.
Afterward, I was shocked at the $75 charge, well over the advertised $55 I
had budgeted (it had just gone up). I next heard my whiny voice telling
the concierge:
"You don't understand. I cannot afford this extra $20."
The concierge rolled her eyes, but, hey, I needed $110 for the seaweed
scrub later.
That evening, we took a cab ($13 each way) to dinner at Blanchard's, a
top-notch restaurant in a quaint cottage. Most of the 23 tables were
arranged on the main floor, but we sat on a lower patio overlooking
fountains and gardens and the sea beyond. The only disappointments were
the rubbery lobster included in the $56 Caribbean Sampler and the waiters'
rushing us through the meal. Total for my dinner: $110.40.
Perhaps the management could sense that we were not the stars of our
imaginations. I asked the man at the bar if any real stars came in. He
reeled off names of those who had been there "just yesterday": Denzel
Washington. Johnny Damon. Liam Neeson and his wife, Natasha Richardson.
Courteney Cox Arquette. And, of course, Jennifer Aniston.
The next day, though it was dry season, it poured. So on that rainy Sunday
we rented a car and checked out Anguilla, which didn't take long. It is
only about 16 miles long and 3 miles wide. We found it pleasingly devoid
of cheesy T-shirt shops and fast-food joints but plentiful with
road-roaming goats and the smiling people who own them.
We lunched at Gorgeous Scilly Cay, a primitive restaurant on a tiny island
off the northeastern coast. With no electricity, it's open only from 11
a.m. to 5 p.m. To get there, you stand on a dock and hail a boatman.
Normally, patrons sun themselves there on lounge chairs between courses,
and get foot rubs from the restaurant's masseur, said the owner, Sandra
Wallace. But not on this rainy day. On the boat over with us, she wore a
garbage bag to stay dry; the masseur stayed home.
Still, a calypso band played upbeat music in the main house, which had
about a dozen tables and was open on all sides. Outside, there were
several palm-covered huts, each with a few plastic tables and chairs,
where I ordered the crayfish and chicken plate for $45, as sweet as their
rum punch was dangerous. My lunch, with tip, came to $74.
We found no famous people there, either - we were managing to repel them -
though we did hear that Sharon Stone had recently rented out the whole
island. And Jennifer Aniston (her again) had been there the week before.
That evening, I had my second treatment at the Venus Spa - a place without
much character or Zen - at CuisinArt. (In the thumbnail-size locker room,
I awkwardly rubbed elbows with someone's naked grandmother.) The Caribbean
warm stone massage ($115, plus $22 tip) was a step up from the seaweed
wrap of the day before - better called the seaweed chill.
That one began with me shivering in the treatment room. The masseuse said,
"If I told them once, I told them 20 times, this room is freezing."
Then she spread cold seaweed gook over my goose bumps. I groaned while she
mummified me with towels. Under those coverings, wrapped inside foil, I
felt like a hypothermia patient.
But relief came with the warm stone massage. As the smooth rocks rolled
over my muscles it felt oddly soothing, as if I were being seared by a
giant stick of roll-on deodorant. I felt so much at ease that later I
splurged on a smoothie for Rose, at $8.05 the only thing I could afford to
buy her all weekend.
When the sun came out on our last day, I passed the hot tub and saw that
same annoying family with their dreaded ball, this time being tossed
between two strollers. So I headed for the beach.
I bobbed around the water for a while, then moved my peaceful self to a
lounge chair. There I sipped on my own smoothie until it was time to get
back to the real world by way of the St. Martin airport.
At a terminal newsstand, I finally saw Jennifer Aniston - on a magazine
cover. How terrible - her Anguillan experience included suffering greater
than my seaweed chill - she and Brad had broken up.
"Hey lady!" the cashier yelled. "Did you see the sign? You can't read the
magazines until you buy them!"
What, she thought I looked rich? I had already spent my $2,000. So I
dropped the $3.95 magazine onto the shelf and walked away.
TWO-DAY TOTAL: $2,000.35
Visitor Information
Getting There
Several United States airlines run flights to Anguilla, but most operate
in connection with other carriers. Most flights go through San Juan, and
the cheapest fares (from about $646 round trip for late March) can require
an additional connection in St. Martin. If you fly into St. Martin (from
about $561 round trip), you can take a 20-minute ferry to Anguilla ($24
round trip plus $2.75 departure tax from St. Martin and $3 from Anguilla).
Ferries run every half hour from 7:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.
Where to Stay
Cap Juluca, (888) 858-5822,  is tucked away on the
secluded beach at Maunday's Bay, making it a favorite hideaway for
celebrities. Doubles start at $780 a night in the high season, from $445
in April, and $345 from May 1 through mid-November. (Add 20 percent in
taxes to all rates.)
Malliouhana Hotel and Spa, (264) 497-6111,  is the
perfect place to see an Anguillan sunset: it sits atop a cliff facing west
over the crystal blue waters of Mead's Bay. Doubles start at $400 from
April 1 to 30, and $290 from May 1 to Nov. 19; ocean-view one-bedroom
suites are $825 and $660.
CuisinArt Resort and Spa, (264) 498-2000,  is
perched on Rendezvous Bay. Rooms start at $550 a night from January
through March, $395 in April, and $350 from May 1 to mid-December.
Lloyd's Guest House, (264) 497-2351,  has 14 rooms on Crocus
Hill, in walking distance of Crocus Bay. The spacious rooms, some recently
renovated, go for $65 to $85, with breakfast.
Where to Eat
Blanchard's, (264) 497-6100,  has a romantic
setting overlooking Mead's Bay, and serves food with a Caribbean flair.
closed Sunday. June through August, it is closed Sunday and Monday. Closed
Sept. 1 to Oct. 20. Entrees from $34.
Gorgeous Scilly Cay, (264) 497-5123, is an open-air restaurant on its own
island, with free ferry service from Island Harbor. It is open on
Wednesday, Friday and Sunday 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Since there is no
electricity, all food (chicken or seafood) is grilled. Live music on
Wednesday and Sunday. Entrees start at $25.
Roy's Place, (264) 497-2470,  is a charming
beachcomber's joint overlooking Crocus Bay, with a lively beach bar and an
Internet connection for guests (including wireless). There is a Friday
happy hour with dinner specials for $12. The Sunday specials are prime rib
($20) and lobster ($38). Lunch and dinner served daily, except dinner only
on Saturday.
English Rose, (264) 497-5353, a tavern in the central business district of
The Valley, serves generous portions of comfort food at reasonable prices:
burgers from $4, salads from $6. Closed Sunday.
Tasty's Restaurant, (264) 497-2737, offers chic-casual Caribbean dining in
South Hill: dishes like stewed creole-style lobster for $30, and
coconut-crusted filet of parrot fish in banana rum sauce for $20. Open for
breakfast, lunch and dinner daily, except Thursday.
Trattoria Tramonto, (264) 497-8819, has open-air dining and a beach bar on
one of the island's prettiest beaches, Shoal Bay West. The Italian menu
emphasizes game and seafood, including wild boar filet mignon ($35) and
spaghetti with crayfish, clams and shrimp ($30). Lunch and dinner except
Uncle Ernie's, (264) 497-3907, is a quintessential beach shack on Shoal
Bay East; open 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.
What to Do
Taino Wellness Center, off Spanish Town Road, South Hill, (264) 497-6066,
 offers massages (from $40 for 30 minutes),
manicures and pedicures (from $15), facials (from $50), and body
Devonish Art Gallery, the Cove, West End, (264) 497-2949, shows works of
local artists, including those by Courtney Devonish, a woodcarver and
ceramicist. Open 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday to Saturday or by appointment
Horseback riding with El Rancho del Blues in Blowing Point, (264) 497-6164
or 497-6334, starts at $25 an hour.
JULIET MACUR is a sports reporter for The Times.
Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company | Home | Privacy Policy | Search

@_date: 2005-02-26 23:12:08
@_author: "Bill Stewart" 
@_subject: Anguilla on $1000 a day - NYTimes 
The NYT updates us on a favorite cryptographers' hideout....
February 27, 2005
HIGH LOW
High: Anguilla on $1000 a Day
By JULIET MACUR
N hour after arriving on Anguilla in early January, I was soaking in the
hot tub at an exclusive resort, sunglasses on, eyes closed, sun warming my
pasty Northeastern face.
Ah, Anguilla, a quiet island that has recently become "the next St.
Barts," a hedonistic hideaway and magnet for members of the boldface set.
At the northeast corner of this narrow isle, Jennifer Aniston and Brad
Pitt spent New Year's in a villa on Captain's Bay. On its southwestern
coast, Jay-Z and Beyoncé had cuddled on the sands of Shoal Bay West. Down
the beach from my resort, Uma Thurman had kicked back at a local bar.
Just as I began to imagine that I, too, was a star on an
escape-the-paparazzi trip, reality interrupted. A foreign object crashed
into my hot tub and sent water slapping against my face. A small boy and
his father were throwing a ball wildly.
The father's next toss bounced off the boy's head and against a woman's
forehead. The father laughed. The woman smiled. I growled and thought,
"This doesn't happen to Jennifer Aniston."
I left in a huff because I had no time for distractions. This was serious
business: I had to figure out how to get by on $1,000 a day.
Related Feature
Low: Anguilla on $250 a Day
Though Anguilla is a relatively undeveloped island where goats might
outnumber residents, $1,000 a day at a chic resort amounts to roughing it.
At the Cap Juluca resort, the cheapest room in high season cost $936 a
night, including the 20 percent tax. Malliouhana Hotel offered a garden
view room on the first floor for $744.
If my best friend, Rose, and I were to eat, drink and even think of going
to the spa on my $1,000-a-day budget, the only high-end resort I could
afford was the CuisinArt Resort and Spa, which sits near the island's
southwestern end on Rendezvous Bay's beach, one and a half miles of
flour-soft sand, blindingly white.
The turquoise ocean water was as clear as Evian, and you could see fish
near the sea floor. The cheapest rate, $550 plus $110 tax - but including
Continental breakfast - would allow us to pretend we belonged at this
beautiful place.
The resort's grounds were simple and elegant. Eggplant-colored
bougainvillea climbed the whitewashed stucco buildings that looked as if
they had been plucked from a Greek cliff. In a nearby garden were trees
heavy with guavas, fig bananas and star apples.
As we looked from the lobby onto a series of rectangular pools cascading
to the beach, a receptionist said we had been upgraded from the main house
to a suite in one of the 10 three-story villas clustered along the shore.
"We hope you don't mind," she said, unaware that I was a journalist.
No, we didn't, and certainly not after seeing the room. The upgrade, to a
junior suite that would have cost $120 more a night, allowed us to hear
waves from our patio.
Our "suite" was a cheery, not fancy, single room, but at 920 square feet
was nearly as big as my Manhattan apartment. A navy couch broke up the
space into sleeping and lounging areas. Two double beds with wicker
headboards faced the porch and a walkway to the beach. Paintings of Greek
fishing villages and bright bedspreads splashed color against the white
walls and tile floors.
A brochure called the bathroom "your own private sanctum," large enough
for an oval tub for a honeymooning couple's bubble bath. But nothing was
that private, considering one wall was made of warped glass. While on the
outside walkway one day, I gasped when I saw a fuzzy version of Rose
heading for the shower.
At the resort's free reception on our first night (with food and drink),
the manager, Rabin Ortiz, told us, "Do not make plans for your weekend."
We quickly learned why. There are no plans to make because, on Anguilla,
there is basically nothing to do. And that's the point.
At CuisinArt, stay away from the main pool (where ball-tossing children
congregate). Instead, sit on the beach and take delivery of homemade lemon
sorbet from waiters whose goal is to fill you with fruity rum drinks.
After sundown, submit to spa treatments like the Anguillan coconut
pineapple scrub, which smells good enough to eat, and the hydroponic
cucumber and aloe wrap, using ingredients grown on the premises.
It was the perfect place for us: upscale, but not one bit snooty.
Night life is minimal. (At 10:30 on Saturday night, only one couple was at
our resort's bar, where a trio sang "Endless Love.") Sea kayaks,
sailboats, catamarans and tennis courts were available and mostly unused.
For casino or dance club action, it's a half-hour ferry ride to St.
Still, after too many games of boccie and gin rummy - or perhaps not
enough gin and rum - we searched for some fun. Down the beach was Dune
Preserve, a delightfully mellow bar inside a wooden shack owned by the
local reggae legend Bankie Banx. A CuisinArt bartender said that Uma had
been there the night before.
We followed the shoreline to get there. But then, as if the local gods
ordered punishment for all $1,000-a-day cheapskates, two stray dogs
charged us in the darkness. We couldn't see them, but they barked and
snapped like rabid Rottweilers, sending us running back to CuisinArt. So
much for Uma.
Cowards that we were, we rented a car the next day for $55 (including $20
for an Anguillan license) and that night drove 60 seconds to Dune
Preserve, only to realize we were too full for a drink. Because, on
Anguilla, what you do is eat - often.
Our gluttony had begun at Santorini, which, like CuisinArt's other
heavenly restaurant, Cafe Mediterraneo, uses food grown in the resort's
high-tech hydroponic garden or its old-school organic one. There, Rose and
I went to a class led by CuisinArt's executive chef, Daniel Orr, formerly
a chef at Guastavino's in New York City.
Neither of us is a great cook. (My fridge at home contains two bottles of
seltzer, nail polish and AA batteries.) But we are great eaters. We
stuffed ourselves with a tangy serving of stingray, a dizzyingly delicious
chocolate soufflé and yellow lentil bisque so good we were tempted to lick
our bowls.
Afterward, I was shocked at the $75 charge, well over the advertised $55 I
had budgeted (it had just gone up). I next heard my whiny voice telling
the concierge:
"You don't understand. I cannot afford this extra $20."
The concierge rolled her eyes, but, hey, I needed $110 for the seaweed
scrub later.
That evening, we took a cab ($13 each way) to dinner at Blanchard's, a
top-notch restaurant in a quaint cottage. Most of the 23 tables were
arranged on the main floor, but we sat on a lower patio overlooking
fountains and gardens and the sea beyond. The only disappointments were
the rubbery lobster included in the $56 Caribbean Sampler and the waiters'
rushing us through the meal. Total for my dinner: $110.40.
Perhaps the management could sense that we were not the stars of our
imaginations. I asked the man at the bar if any real stars came in. He
reeled off names of those who had been there "just yesterday": Denzel
Washington. Johnny Damon. Liam Neeson and his wife, Natasha Richardson.
Courteney Cox Arquette. And, of course, Jennifer Aniston.
The next day, though it was dry season, it poured. So on that rainy Sunday
we rented a car and checked out Anguilla, which didn't take long. It is
only about 16 miles long and 3 miles wide. We found it pleasingly devoid
of cheesy T-shirt shops and fast-food joints but plentiful with
road-roaming goats and the smiling people who own them.
We lunched at Gorgeous Scilly Cay, a primitive restaurant on a tiny island
off the northeastern coast. With no electricity, it's open only from 11
a.m. to 5 p.m. To get there, you stand on a dock and hail a boatman.
Normally, patrons sun themselves there on lounge chairs between courses,
and get foot rubs from the restaurant's masseur, said the owner, Sandra
Wallace. But not on this rainy day. On the boat over with us, she wore a
garbage bag to stay dry; the masseur stayed home.
Still, a calypso band played upbeat music in the main house, which had
about a dozen tables and was open on all sides. Outside, there were
several palm-covered huts, each with a few plastic tables and chairs,
where I ordered the crayfish and chicken plate for $45, as sweet as their
rum punch was dangerous. My lunch, with tip, came to $74.
We found no famous people there, either - we were managing to repel them -
though we did hear that Sharon Stone had recently rented out the whole
island. And Jennifer Aniston (her again) had been there the week before.
That evening, I had my second treatment at the Venus Spa - a place without
much character or Zen - at CuisinArt. (In the thumbnail-size locker room,
I awkwardly rubbed elbows with someone's naked grandmother.) The Caribbean
warm stone massage ($115, plus $22 tip) was a step up from the seaweed
wrap of the day before - better called the seaweed chill.
That one began with me shivering in the treatment room. The masseuse said,
"If I told them once, I told them 20 times, this room is freezing."
Then she spread cold seaweed gook over my goose bumps. I groaned while she
mummified me with towels. Under those coverings, wrapped inside foil, I
felt like a hypothermia patient.
But relief came with the warm stone massage. As the smooth rocks rolled
over my muscles it felt oddly soothing, as if I were being seared by a
giant stick of roll-on deodorant. I felt so much at ease that later I
splurged on a smoothie for Rose, at $8.05 the only thing I could afford to
buy her all weekend.
When the sun came out on our last day, I passed the hot tub and saw that
same annoying family with their dreaded ball, this time being tossed
between two strollers. So I headed for the beach.
I bobbed around the water for a while, then moved my peaceful self to a
lounge chair. There I sipped on my own smoothie until it was time to get
back to the real world by way of the St. Martin airport.
At a terminal newsstand, I finally saw Jennifer Aniston - on a magazine
cover. How terrible - her Anguillan experience included suffering greater
than my seaweed chill - she and Brad had broken up.
"Hey lady!" the cashier yelled. "Did you see the sign? You can't read the
magazines until you buy them!"
What, she thought I looked rich? I had already spent my $2,000. So I
dropped the $3.95 magazine onto the shelf and walked away.
TWO-DAY TOTAL: $2,000.35
Visitor Information
Getting There
Several United States airlines run flights to Anguilla, but most operate
in connection with other carriers. Most flights go through San Juan, and
the cheapest fares (from about $646 round trip for late March) can require
an additional connection in St. Martin. If you fly into St. Martin (from
about $561 round trip), you can take a 20-minute ferry to Anguilla ($24
round trip plus $2.75 departure tax from St. Martin and $3 from Anguilla).
Ferries run every half hour from 7:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.
Where to Stay
Cap Juluca, (888) 858-5822,  is tucked away on the
secluded beach at Maunday's Bay, making it a favorite hideaway for
celebrities. Doubles start at $780 a night in the high season, from $445
in April, and $345 from May 1 through mid-November. (Add 20 percent in
taxes to all rates.)
Malliouhana Hotel and Spa, (264) 497-6111,  is the
perfect place to see an Anguillan sunset: it sits atop a cliff facing west
over the crystal blue waters of Mead's Bay. Doubles start at $400 from
April 1 to 30, and $290 from May 1 to Nov. 19; ocean-view one-bedroom
suites are $825 and $660.
CuisinArt Resort and Spa, (264) 498-2000,  is
perched on Rendezvous Bay. Rooms start at $550 a night from January
through March, $395 in April, and $350 from May 1 to mid-December.
Lloyd's Guest House, (264) 497-2351,  has 14 rooms on Crocus
Hill, in walking distance of Crocus Bay. The spacious rooms, some recently
renovated, go for $65 to $85, with breakfast.
Where to Eat
Blanchard's, (264) 497-6100,  has a romantic
setting overlooking Mead's Bay, and serves food with a Caribbean flair.
From mid-October through May, it opens for dinner p.m. and is
closed Sunday. June through August, it is closed Sunday and Monday. Closed
Sept. 1 to Oct. 20. Entrees from $34.
Gorgeous Scilly Cay, (264) 497-5123, is an open-air restaurant on its own
island, with free ferry service from Island Harbor. It is open on
Wednesday, Friday and Sunday 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Since there is no
electricity, all food (chicken or seafood) is grilled. Live music on
Wednesday and Sunday. Entrees start at $25.
Roy's Place, (264) 497-2470,  is a charming
beachcomber's joint overlooking Crocus Bay, with a lively beach bar and an
Internet connection for guests (including wireless). There is a Friday
happy hour with dinner specials for $12. The Sunday specials are prime rib
($20) and lobster ($38). Lunch and dinner served daily, except dinner only
on Saturday.
English Rose, (264) 497-5353, a tavern in the central business district of
The Valley, serves generous portions of comfort food at reasonable prices:
burgers from $4, salads from $6. Closed Sunday.
Tasty's Restaurant, (264) 497-2737, offers chic-casual Caribbean dining in
South Hill: dishes like stewed creole-style lobster for $30, and
coconut-crusted filet of parrot fish in banana rum sauce for $20. Open for
breakfast, lunch and dinner daily, except Thursday.
Trattoria Tramonto, (264) 497-8819, has open-air dining and a beach bar on
one of the island's prettiest beaches, Shoal Bay West. The Italian menu
emphasizes game and seafood, including wild boar filet mignon ($35) and
spaghetti with crayfish, clams and shrimp ($30). Lunch and dinner except
Uncle Ernie's, (264) 497-3907, is a quintessential beach shack on Shoal
Bay East; open 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.
What to Do
Taino Wellness Center, off Spanish Town Road, South Hill, (264) 497-6066,
 offers massages (from $40 for 30 minutes),
manicures and pedicures (from $15), facials (from $50), and body
Devonish Art Gallery, the Cove, West End, (264) 497-2949, shows works of
local artists, including those by Courtney Devonish, a woodcarver and
ceramicist. Open 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday to Saturday or by appointment
Horseback riding with El Rancho del Blues in Blowing Point, (264) 497-6164
or 497-6334, starts at $25 an hour.
JULIET MACUR is a sports reporter for The Times.
Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company | Home | Privacy Policy | Search

@_date: 2005-03-25 22:21:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: WiFi Launcher? 
It's a harder problem than you'd expect -
Wifi doesn't have a long range, so you have to detect the hotspot,
decide if you can handle or evade its authentication, do that,
and then send your message before you've driven out of range.
If you're in range for 100 meters at a 18kph city crawl (or bike)
that's about 5 meters/sec so you've got 20 seconds, and it can work.
If you're driving 90kph and catch 10 meters of the edge of a range,
you've got 0.4 seconds to do the job, which is pretty dodgy -
lots of mail servers take a few seconds to really sync up,
especially if you've got to do a DNS lookup or two.
Directional Antennas are unlikely to be useful -
if you've got them aimed right, you might win,
but you're much more likely to miss entirely
or have only a few meters that you're in range.

@_date: 2005-03-27 07:38:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: AP For Starvation Judge 
They want her dead, but don't have the guts to just kill her,
so they're going to dehydrate her to death instead
and pretend it's "natural", because she can't feed herself.
It's a nasty way to go if you're not in bad health,
though it seems to be popular with disabled old people
who want to commit suicide in nursing homes
and don't have alternatives.
I agree with you there, though for many people that seems to be
the crux of the issue.

@_date: 2005-04-09 05:17:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: how email encryption should work 
I see a couple of problems with your proposal.
I'm not sure I like your external trusted mail-server assumptions,
but they're probably good enough for many people,
and other people will have better comments about them.
Your plan is really designed for a small number of addresses per sender,
as opposed to a quasi-infinite set of tagged addresses.
It's becoming pretty common for anti-spam reasons
to give different recipients different mail addresses like
         tag (or tag or
         myname+tag
so you can track and whitelist/blacklist people you communicate with,
and some ISPs automagically translate between the two formats.
Building a user interface that does that unobtrusively
is probably a hard problem, or at least not a well-solved one,
and building a cryptosystem that assumes a small number of
addresses per user could make that style of mailer harder.
A good user interface probably has some version of petname support,
though, so there's some commonality with key handling.
On the other hand, if you assume that most people will get domains,
whether 2LD or 3LD or other subdomain,
you could do a model that says that a user gets one key per domain,
so you could think about hanging the keys off DNS.
That may not be the right choice (do you want your email addresses
to be easily correlated, and cracking/stealing one address's key
to reveal the keys you use for everybody else?  Or does the domain
pretty much imply that to the skilled recipient anyway so who cares?)
And of course it gets into the whole squabble about DNSSEC,
and why its deployment failed, and whether it was trying to do
a perfect job and therefore less scalable than a mostly-good-enough job,
or at least into the politics of those questions if not the technology.
The related problem is what to do if you *do* want different keys
for different recipients; you could do that with different subdomains,
or you could do a non-DNS approach.
- Is (sender+recipient+timestamp+message) the right thing to sign?
The Subject: line is in the mail headers, but it's probably
something that should be part of the message.
I'm not sure about some various X-headers.
And of course the From: line includes both the email address
and the sender's name, and the sender's name may be different
for different recipients (in some sense, it may be the
recipient's petname for the sender.)
- Also, if you're attaching a key strictly to the email address,
what happens to old signatures if you move email addresses?
I suppose that's part of the point of getting your own domain name,
so you can avoid having to change contact addresses when you change ISPs,
but if you're using a new email address, how do you forward the signature?
One option is to do what you can do in Crypto Kong,
where you send a message from old-address signed by old-address,
saying that you'll be using new address and new key,
but that seems a bit awkward, since you need a convenient way to
include the new keys for people who whitelist you or who you
only want to send encrypted mail to.
         Thanks; Bill Stewart

@_date: 2007-05-08 08:47:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FW: End of RSA via fast factoring 
Note the Soviet Union domain name :-)
The important sentence is
"but exists a short way with fixed complexity for implementation of hypothesis ("plan B") -
but, by ethical reason, I'll not post it here."
He demonstrates the hard way to do factoring, and says there's an easy method,
but isn't willing to explain it.  However, if you watch the cards carefully you can see which one has the Red Queen under it, so put your bets on the In fact, NP-ishly hard problems do work this way - if you know the answer,
you can verify its correctness quickly, so all you need to do is
convince the Oracle to let you know the correct answer,
but unfortunately it can take an exponentially long period of beseeching
before Ms. Pythia will tell you what kind of oil your snake wants.

@_date: 2007-05-29 02:33:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Dgcchat] major milestone for loom 
Hi!  If it's a major milestone, can you tell us what the system is,
and something about the difference between the old and new?
I don't have a login, and guessing trivial passwords didn't get me in,
and the "News" section mainly referred to bug fixes etc.
I'm guessing it probably has something to do with payments?

@_date: 2008-01-12 23:01:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RE: Storm, Nugache lead dangerous new botnet barrage 
Encrypting the control channel isn't going to burn a lot of CPU;
hopefully the botnet doesn't need more than a few KB/hour of control,
and almost certainly it wouldn't need more than a few KB/sec of data
(such as spam-target email addresses), so encrypting it's low-horsepower.
The heavy-resource job of a bot is sending out lots of packets to targets,
whether it's spam email sessions or DDOS UDP packets,
and the limiting factor on that is upstream bandwidth, typically 128-768kbps.
On a modern CPU you could even encrypt that traffic if you wanted,
without the CPU breaking a sweat, though the only application I can see for is encrypted SMTP sessions if you're spamming somebody high-tech.
Most computers have enough spare CPU that they can burn it looking for
space aliens or folding proteins at home without noticing a performance hit;
the real trick on keeping resource consumption low enough to not be noticed
is managing upstream bandwidth so that you don't stifle http queries and TCP acks.

@_date: 2008-02-05 06:05:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: undersea cable cuts 
> Hadn't heard this was malicious ... you have a reference?
The fourth failure turned out not to be a cable cut,
just some kind of equipment power problem.
Certainly once the third cut happened,
things look pretty suspicious even if they don't turn out deserve it.
And there are different kinds of terrorists out there -
the ones that wear government uniforms (or wear cheap suits
but work for governments) don't always take the credit themselves.
Satellites have very limited bandwidth compared to fiber.
They may be ok for countries that don't have useful infrastructure,
like Iraq, Afghanistan, and most of Africa,
but they don't begin to replace the internet or private network connectivity
that was on the fiber systems that were cut;
I don't know how big the fourth cable was.

@_date: 2008-02-26 07:32:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: How long can you go with an expired key? 
When I've looked at OTR, it's basically an instant messaging client;
has anybody adapted it to carry email or other applications?
I'd describe it much more as "the death of PGP support for email".
When my laptop got stolen a couple of years ago,
I did the right thing and genned up new keys,
and installed current versions of PGP (the free-beer version of the commercial product)
(and its Eudora plugin.)  A few months later the PGP expired,
and since I hadn't been sending encrypted email to anybody in a while,
I'd forgotten the new long-enough-for-21st-century passphrase (:-),
so I haven't been able to revoke the keys sitting out on the keyserver.
Periodically Hugh bitches at me about not sending/accepting encrypted email,
and I suppose I should just install GPG, using cut&paste instead of the
friendly email plugin, since not only is PGP no longer supporting
non-corporate users much, but Qualcomm has stopped supporting Eudora.
Meanwhile, at work, MS Outlook has a reasonably friendly interface
for sending encrypted and/or signed email, at least to coworkers,
and I can't use it because our internal certificate authority
can't generate a certificate for "billstewart
though it's happy to generate one for "ws5832
an internal address I have no intention of sending to any humans.
On the other hand, the P2P-punks community is burning something like
30-50% of the bandwidth on the internet.
And that IPSEC technology that was a cutting-edge civil rights issue in the 90s
has become a routine commodity; it's how I've commuted to work for a decade or so.

@_date: 2008-09-17 20:27:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_India=E2=80=99s_Novel_Use_of_Brain__Scans?= 
Because it sounds Really Really Scientific!
That's why E-Meters work so well also!
(Oh, wait, you mean the courts are using pseudoscientific trash to
intimidate people because some scammer told them it'd get the results they Also, the article says that the proponents
say it could make waterboarding obsolete.
It can't - the purpose of waterboarding is to torture your enemy,
and to get him to accuse other people, and this doesn't do that;
neither one of them will give you true information,
and India's too civilized a place to use torture.

@_date: 2008-10-18 18:46:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Emanation Shielding with Music 
During the Clinton Administration is was Fleetwood Mac;
these days it's primarily country & western....
More seriously, spooks have done that kind of thing
for a long time - voices in a room will shake the windows a bit,
and that can theoretically be detected by bouncing
microwaves or ultrasonics or whatever off of them
(presumably easier to detect with metallic surfaces than glass),
and the music drowns that out.
Interesting.  On the other hand, back when I had experience
with TEMPEST rooms in the mid-80s, the leakage difficulties
weren't the main walls, but sealing all the joints;
a surprisingly small gap is enough to let signals out,
and leakage is wavelength-dependent.
Back then our computers were Vaxen running at
tens of MHz (though we usually tested
with higher frequencies) - now the computers are running
at tens of GHz, and I'd guess that shielding is a lot harder.

@_date: 2009-07-04 18:36:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Bush's DHS program continues under Obama 
Scott, Cpunks - While there certainly are serious problems with the
Obama Administration acting like the Bush Administration,
especially the Justice Department and National Security,
this doesn't appear to be one of them.
Try reading the WaPo article with the assumption that the
reporter doesn't understand the technology as well as you do...
i.e. the way you'd read most technology articles,
and try to guess what they're _actually_ talking about.
As far as I can tell, they're talking about Intrusion Detection,
trying to look at the traffic pointed to *.gov to find out
if it's safe or hostile traffic - not for political content,
but for viruses and malware and break-in attempts.
Because they're the NSA, they of course think they're the
smartest dudes in the business, and maybe they are or
maybe it's just ego - they at least have lots of practice
being attacked by well-funded attackers as well as random teenagers.
Remember that when they're talking "civilian" here,
they don't mean "citizens' home internet connectivity" -
they mean "Feds who wear suits, not uniforms";
the military has its own sets of network protection.
The real public-network question here is how deeply they're going to look into
the ISPs that are sending traffic to the feds through this system -
are they just checking whois records and block lists,
or are they also doing more intrusive checks on the people
who contact .gov?  If your kid's PC gets infected by a botnet
and starts sending spam to the White House, will the NSA come knocking,
or will your ISP just get a "please clean up yet another zombie" note?
Also, how deeply are they looking at content?
Are they going to use this to harass Feds doing politically sensitive
work that  doesn't share their political agendas?
Or are they really just looking for viruses and bad Javascript?
My guess is the latter, at least for the initial deployment.
It's just that with the culture of secrecy and abuse,
the civilian Feds may not trust them, plus it's crossing lines
into somebody else's bureaucratic turf.

@_date: 2009-11-11 02:36:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: managing and protecting nyms... 
Heh.  There's so much subversive low-quality crap out there from that Bill Stewart person
that there's no chance of cleaning up my act; better to stay employed at $TPC
so I don't have to explain to a new employer about why my mis-spent middle age
should be viewed as an asset and not a liability :-)
As it is, I've got a couple of sources of privacy
- Googling "Bill Stewart" gets you half a million hits, mostly for a jazz          If you've heard me drumming, you know that's not me :-)
- I've changed ISPs or email addresses every decade or two,
         plus some people decorrelate when some addresses have a . in the name and some don't.
At one point Eric Hughes or Tim May suggested that what you need to do to protect your reputation on line
(whether you're using a pseudonym or Ostensibly True Name)
is to have some kind of service constantly slandering you,
so any real accusations just get lost in the noise.
Of course, all of the Too Many Erics in the Eric Conspiracy
were really just pseudonyms, tentacles of Tim May with actors playing the part
when a physical body was needed, and it's well known that
Tim's father was a hamster and his mother smelled of elderberries.
Other than that, it's hard enough to keep all my Yahoo/Flickr/Google/YouTube accounts decorrelated,
since they keep buying each other and trying to squish your separate identities together.
And occasionally even those efforts run into problems - my zip code is 90210
for almost anybody who doesn't need to know my actual zip code,
and various vendors start telling me about the specials they're running at their store
in Beverly Hills or events in Greater LA.
                 Bill

@_date: 2009-11-09 05:58:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: managing and protecting nyms... 
Where are the archives??  We thought *you* had them!
With anonymous contributors, we don't know if it's one or many,
and it's hard to give any reputation except to individual postings,
though I suppose somebody could assert that he/she is the poster of a previous article.
On the other hand, Pseudonymous contributors can acquire reputation
rather more easily.   Some actually show up in person -
Lucky Green and Black Unicorn are notable,
and "Lawrence from Boulder" once came to a meeting without
anybody commenting out loud about whether he was L.Detweiler
until after he'd left (it was fun watching Eric Hughes do a double-take
when he realized who it had probably been.)
Detweiler was an especially valuable person to have had on the lists -
he raised questions about what identity is really about and how to deal with
rabid trolls several years before the September That Never Ended
and before spam was really widespread, and while I can't say we really
came up with good enough methodology, it was a good warmup.

@_date: 2010-12-04 21:16:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: U.S. officials deny technical takedown of WikiLeaks 
Well, if the spokescritters for the State Department or the DoD
are not aware of the conversations their departments are having,
I've got a good suggestion for a website where they can find out....

@_date: 2011-02-19 23:25:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: "Nobody Wins a Nuclear War" But "Success" is Possible (fwd) 
A friend of mine was in a rough airplane landing many years ago,
and after the pilot had gone through the usual steps of
"seat belts on, seat backs up, lean forward and
hold on to the seat in front of you" safety instructions,
she and half her fellow passengers responded with
"and kiss your ass goodbye", which is the punch line of the
hippie version of the American nuclear war education posters.

@_date: 2011-02-19 23:22:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: "Nobody Wins a Nuclear War" But "Success" is Possible (fwd) 
Yeah.  Al-Qaeda and their ilk were really wimpy terrorists compared to forty years of "we can blow up the world N times over and we've got the crazy generals to do it!" nuclear terrorism.  I was a kid during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and one of my neighbors had dug up their back yard to put in a bomb shelter.
It was really freaky the first time I heard the Emergency Broadcast System come on the radio in the ?early 90s? and say "this is not a test" - they were using it for flood warnings during a storm, which is a sensible thing to do, but before that it had always been "this is a test of the 'let you know that the Russians and Americans are trying to blow up the world' alarm system", whether it was EBS or CONELRAD or whatever, so by the time they got to the "flooding" part, I'd already mentally been through the "WTF? The politicians haven't been saber-rattling at each other, is this some surprise attack?  How fast can I get home to my wife?" panic attack.  They'd probably been using it that way for several years, just not at times I'd been driving with the car radio on.

@_date: 2011-06-12 16:44:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: <nettime> Internet Digital Black Friday: First Bitcoin 
Surprisingly, there are lots of techies who can't spell (you'd think a field that requires deep attention to grammars and syntaxes in artificial languages would primarily attract people who can do the same in natural languages, but it's been obvious for decades that that's not close to universal), and there are techies whose native language isn't English, and there are spell checkers that will fix misspelled words inaccurately because they're not looking at grammar.)
And even if you can only access the service using Tor, that doesn't mean you can't set up Tor wrong, which was one of his points.  And while he mentioned that that kilo of coke you're being shipped may be coming from somebody the Feds are watching, people dealing in that kind of volume are more likely to be careful.  But people buying personal-use retail quantities of drugs, like the guy buying that 10-strip of acid?  They're more likely to be buying it from somebody who's not careful, or for that matter the dealer may be a Fed or an informant.

@_date: 2011-07-05 02:35:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: About Maj. Variola, Ret... 
> Was there a digsig behind M.Vr's posts? ...
A random sample of Variola's posts from 2004-2005 doesn't show any digsigs.
For a pseudonym like Variola's, with the kinds of posts he wrote,
you'd expect to see that kind of disclaimer,
either posted by the primary user or forged by somebody else.

@_date: 2011-07-05 02:28:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Len Sassaman Posts 
Len was a young guy when he showed up.  He was 31 this year, so he would have been 19 in 1999, which is the earliest email I still have from him (though my archives for the 90s are pretty incomplete.)  In addition to the mailing lists, he was coming to the Bay Area Cypherpunks meetings while those were still happening, at least at Stanford.

@_date: 2011-09-06 05:18:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Rogue SSL certs were also issued for CIA, MI6, Mossad 
Yeah.  Now you can't trust anything you read on the CIA's website.  Bummer....

@_date: 2011-09-05 20:04:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Security Theater and Police Competence for 9/11 anniversary 
Who brought plastic explosive into the Phoenix airport?  The police.   Who took it away, and where is it now?  They don't know.   Why is the airport still open, instead of being closed like it would be if somebody accidentally snuck a set of nail clippers through security?   Because it was the police that screwed up.
 Explosives stolen at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport
by Eddi Trevizo - Sept. 4, 2011 09:46 PM
The Arizona Republic
A container with explosive equipment has been stolen from Sky Harbor International Airport during a Phoenix police training exercise.
Police said the explosives were taken from a low-security area before screening checkpoints.
The explosives were stolen Sept. 2 about 2:30 p.m. and though police have combed the airport several times, the equipment has not been recovered.
"It is very stable and cannot be detonated without additional equipment and some degree of expertise," Sgt. Tommy Thompson, a police spokesman, said Sunday night.
Police described the container as a blue, soft-sided Igloo container with two half-pound tubes of Cast Booster explosives, which are commonly used in the mining industry.
The letters C and B are written in white letters on the bottom of the cooler and each explosive tube is about five inches tall and one and a half inches in diameter.
Police were conducting a routine training exercise with canines when the explosives were taken by an unknown person in Terminal 4 of the airport, said Thompson.
Officials said airport operations were not interrupted and that federal investigators have been notified.
"It is believed that these items were removed from the vicinity of the airport," said Thompson.
Anyone with information about the incident, or who knows the location of the explosives, is asked to call 602 262-6151 or Silent Witness at 480-WITNESS or 480-TESTIGO for Spanish.

@_date: 2011-10-30 22:10:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Good free mildly-private email service? 
============================== START ==============================
I'm looking for a free email service that isn't linked to one of the major I'd prefer one that doesn't make me provide my "real" email address to send some kind of confirmation code to (otherwise I need to string a couple of those together to get the amount of privacy I want.)
I don't need NSA-proof or even subpoena-proof, but I do want something that's not linkable to Google/Yahoo/Hotmail/OpenID/Disqus/Facebook/etc. (or fastmail or pobox, who I use for other services.)
I used to be able to use dodgeit.com for receive-only email, but they seem to be dead.
By the way, I've found one semi-convenient way to keep web-id accounts separate - I'm running VMware Player on my laptop, and keep separate virtual machines, so any conversations I have with Facebook are really really separate from anything else.  (I got tired of reading the news online and seeing different newspapers saying "Here are the articles your friends are reading today!".)  Some of this could be done with a chroot jail and/or separate Mozilla profiles, but this way I don't have to worry about Flash cookies or other new creative nonsense leaking around.   And it makes it easy to run Linux on my work Windows machine.)

@_date: 2012-06-17 20:44:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Ethiopia criminalizes Skype? 
This isn't entirely surprising.  Aside from the traditional problem
of monopoly telecom companies not liking competition,
Ethiopia's been routinely wiretapping phone calls for years.
Back in the 90s, a Dutch friend of mine was doing development work in
Somaliland and Ethiopia, and the phone operator once interrupted
one of his calls to tell him to stop speaking Dutch,
and use some language the police could understand,
like English, Italian, Amharic, or one of the local languages.
He considered getting PGP for his email, but decided it was
more likely to give the police an excuse to confiscate his computers,
which they'd have done more for general corruption than actual politics.
         Bill Stewart

@_date: 2013-07-26 21:43:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [zs-p2p] Forward Secrecy 
A web server (or SSL box in front of a web server) could theoretically log session keys, even with "Perfect" Forward Secrecy.
After all, both ends of the Diffie-Hellman exchange do get the actual shared session key (which is the point of the exchange :-), and it would be possible to save it in addition to using it.  From a security perspective, it'd be a really bad idea to do so, and AFAICT there's no useful business purpose for doing so, and you're not going to be able to pay Peter Gutman enough to modify OpenSSL to do that, but one of the fun things about security of open source software is that the some miscreant could easily do it themselves, using the modules that are already available, and position it as a "feature" that lets you support efficient load-balancing across multiple web servers in a single session, with an "auditing" or "debugging" feature to let you be sure the load-balancing is implemented successfully in your cloud.  (And oops, the UI feature that turns off debugging didn't get implemented in this sprint.)

@_date: 2013-07-22 04:47:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Interesting things in keyservers 
At 02:22 AM 7/21/2013, Eugen Leitl forwarded:
(somebody's, probably Micah's, excellent note on problems with incorrectly trusting key servers, especially the MIT one.)
If nobody's uploaded fake Edward Snowden or Bradley Manning (or, more seriously, Glenn Greenwald) keys to the MIT key server yet, then there are a bunch of trolls who have really been slacking off on their jobs.  They don't call it the Keyserver of a Million Lies for nothing.
The usability of the Web of Trust as a set of connection metadata is potentially a serious problem - you want your friends to be able to verify your keys, but if your connections are as important as your messages, there's a lot to be said for handing out business cards with your key fingerprints on them.

@_date: 2013-07-22 04:21:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: MOAR perl for make benefit SnR! + don't feed trolls 
I haven't gotten connected with the Cryptoparty movement, but it's been really encouraging to have them around.  Apparently there have been a bunch of them in Germany recently in response to revelations that the Bundeswhatever have been hanging out with the NSA wiretapper gangs.
There has been some tradition around here of baiting trolls for fun, but this troll really isn't worth the bother.  We certainly haven't had anyone of Detweiler's caliber around in ages.  (If the NSA can collect metadata on anybody connected to anybody they already collect metadata on, and we'll all Tentacles of Medusa, that means that either we're all targets or they've decided that the signal-to-noise ratio was too inconsistent.)

@_date: 2013-07-23 05:00:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] a Cypherpunks comeback 
Absolutely. I mean, has anybody actually used JFETs in recent years?  :-)

@_date: 2013-07-29 04:20:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Urea at NSA Utah Data Center 
It could also be a snide comment about being in Utah, or an alternative to a sign saying "These aren't the droids you're looking for" or "Beware of the leopard".
Back in ~1990 when we bid on rewiring the Pentagon, there were a lot of "we can't tell you what's here" or "too secret to let you run wires through it" spaces, along with a bunch of areas that almost certainly had too much asbestos to actually run wires through the plenum.  (Our prime contractor didn't win the bid, which was probably just as well for them.)

@_date: 2013-07-22 04:06:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [DIYbio] Science research papers require viewing Adverts, no-thanks to Science/AAAS 
I haven't read the AAAS's Science magazine in decades, but my father subscribed to the dead-tree version when I was a kid, and it's had ads as long as I can remember.  Most of them were for university jobs, and I can't remember whether other ads were in Science or in Chemical&Engineering News (an industry rag where ads wouldn't have been surprising; I suspect most of the ads for laboratory glassware were in C&EN.)

@_date: 2013-07-23 22:24:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Python Random Number Generator for OTP 
This is for a one-time pad.  Limiting the output size to the estimated entropy is a *requirement*.  Abysmal performance is fine, because you're going to transfer the pad using a briefcase handcuffed to a courier's arm or some similarly high-cost high-latency physical distribution method, though if you've got a higher-performance entropy source, great.
If "gains very little security in practice" is good enough for you, you don't need a one-time pad.  Yes, the pseudo-random bits you get out of the bits the Russians got by mashing down the keys on typewriters, and you're probably not going to be attacked with the persistence of the Venona decrypters, but don't waste your time using one-time pads unless you're going to use them perfectly.  You're much better off using a long-enough RSA key and some Diffie-Hellman session key generation.  (Of course, you still want good random numbers for those, but least on any non-virtual machine.)

@_date: 2013-07-23 04:56:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Python Random Number Generator for OTP 
You can use Python or other languages to access your machine's hardware random number generator and mash them together with your plaintext.
But your question sounds like you want to generate the random numbers themselves with Python software?
         print "You can't generate true random numbers in software.  And you can't use pseudo-random numbers for OTP.\n %d", 1/0 ;
(My python's a bit rusty, so the syntax may be wrong, but if so, that's a feature; the divide-by-zero is there just for insurance.)

@_date: 2013-08-26 06:14:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Reject non-PGP mail (was: Re: Who bought off Zimmermann?) 
Oh, cool.  I was going for more paranoid than that -
if you're an email provider and the NSA has given you an order to
retain all data and rat out all your customers,
theoretically you don't even want to accept that much,
but if it's feeding into Tor or some remailer anyway,
non-PGP mail won't get very far, and you're less likely to be
the kind of service provider who gets NSA/FISA orders.

@_date: 2013-08-20 16:04:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised, Malicious JS Discovered 
No, no, no, trafficking the drugs has traditionally been a CIA job.

@_date: 2013-08-26 05:52:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Why_can't_email_be_secure 
Because "low latency protocols that are resistant to traffic analysis"
is a really really hard problem.  Even doing
"high latency protocols that are resistant to traffic analysis"
is a really hard problem.  "Building" them is a mere application of
sufficiently advanced technology, right?
Datagrams don't give you any useful anonymity,
because any decent ISP is going to block forged-source packets,
but they do give you a bit more flexibility about timing,
which is important for defending against traffic analysis.
The standard warning about using them for an application is
that it's extremely tempting to use them to reinvent TCP badly,
because TCP really does a lot of things you want,
and in a security context it's tempting to also reinvent TLS badly.
Some other problems with them are that you need to get firewalls
to allow them through, unless you disguise them as other protocols
like the horribly evil things Dan Kaminsky regularly does to DNS,
and if you don't disguise them then they stick out like a sore thumb
on any IDS or netflow analyser.  And if you're the only person using
that protocol, you're not hiding from traffic analysis.
It's a lot easier to hide if you implement your datagrams as
http/https transactions of some kind, but building a bunch of relay nodes
to pass those transactions along ends up reinventing Tor.
Putting them in user space is just fine and mostly more portable.
It's hard to get millisecond-level latency if you do that,
but you can't hide from traffic analysis with latency that low anyway.

@_date: 2013-08-26 06:03:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
Anybody who's putting in the header without doing the encryption
is going out of their way to ask for trouble, and presumed to be
doing it on purpose, whether for entrapment or denial of service or whatever.
As long as you don't make it easy to do by accident, it's not a problem.
The threat model I was worrying about was that if you get to From: or Subject:,
and you're subject to an NSA Vacuum Cleaner Order,
you've got potentially sensitive information about your users or their contacts
that you could be forced to retain and turn over.
You need to reject the message before you see that, which means checking the
header keyword before you accept any characters past the :.
And yeah, that means you could get false bounces, but hopefully anybody who's
trying to hide their identity from the NSA will leave those headers out
of the cleartext part of the message anyway.
Ideally you don't even want the SMTP-level FROM keyword, but it's probably hard
to get most MTAs not to send that one.

@_date: 2013-08-26 04:12:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
It's not just traffic analysis, though that's another layer of the problem.
And it's not just the issue of PGP being hard to run on some phones, though that makes it a problem for users of those phones.
Phil's not just a cryptographer; he's primarily a service provider here.
If you assume that the NSA can come to you with a FISA court order overriding ECPA, saying
         "Give us every piece of information that anybody sends you,
         including your subscribers and outsiders who want to send email to them,
         any time any new bit of information arrives, Or Else!"
then you can't run a "secure" email service that accepts unencrypted email,
because what you have isn't secure against that threat model.
If the NSA and their rubber-stamping buddies at FISA aren't stepping way over the bright shiny constitutionality line,
you could run an email service that automatically PGP-encrypts any incoming message to a public key associated with the mailbox, and build a user interface for the mailbox client's device that's not totally annoying.
The fact that Phil and Jon say they can't run a service implies that the threat model includes mail in transit, not just mail delivered to a mailbox.
You might be able to run an email service that scans inbound email for an
         X-PGP-Encrypted: header, and if it sees "From:" or "Subject:" first,
bounces the email with a 503 or 550: "Sorry, Encrypted Email Only, Get PGP at but that's really more annoying than just using Gmail with a user name pgp-only-johndoe43
An alternative threat model is that the NSA declares anybody sending encrypted mail to be a target (s/target/weasel-word-of-the-week/g), so any ISP that sends data to silentcircle.com has to allow the NSA to wiretap their connections, just in case they might be encrypted email.  The effects are similar, though it wouldn't provide access to the contents of encrypted SMTP sessions; Phil and Jon might also be refusing to handle email because of this slightly less aggressive threat model.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2013-09-04 00:43:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Email traffic analysis (Was: Who bought off Zimmermann?) 
If they know that Alice and Bob have been sending mail to each other,
that's often more valuable than the traffic itself.
Certainly for the model that says they're tracking two or three degrees
of separation from Alice the Foreigner, with a court letting them demand
that ISPs hand over any plaintext they have, though you can avoid some of that
by using remailers.
 >>> Received:, Message-ID:, etc.
Those are tricky.  They're not really part of SMTP, they're part of the email message.
A "pen register" style of wiretapping the envelope gets you the
SMTP headers TO and FROM and the IP addresses and email options,
but at least if you're using SMTP encryption you won't get the message headers.
On the other hand, if you're just using PGP or SMIME on the message body,
you do get them, so that's not going to help alice much.

@_date: 2013-09-26 01:16:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
Fundamentally, what you're asking for doesn't make sense.
Threat models are about economics, scale, and mistakes,
and even if we don't have security bugs, we still have economics.
The internet is designed to be a system that lets everybody
in the world talk to everybody else, without pre-arranged connections,
with enough bandwidth to say the things they want to say
(e.g. watch cat videos on YouTube funded by advertising.)
Spread-spectrum radio is great for short distance concentration;
we most commonly use it in wifi or cellular phone technologies,
but then that data gets concentrated by long-haul fiber and routing providers.
Content traditionally gets handled by end users, but in practice
by a bunch of service providers who have economies of scale
that provide concentrated data to advertisers or low operating costs.
The recent internet security attacks have been based on scale,
though they've sometimes taken advantage of security mistakes as well.
Endpoint service providers can be forced to give up content and addresses;
transport service providers can be forced to give up address pairs,
traffic volumes, and sometimes end user identities, and in some cases
can also be forced to divulge content.
You have to fight scale threats with scale defenses.
If you want to get security at vaguely current internet prices
(e.g. tens of dollars per mbps per month instead of thousands),
you'll still need to piggyback on the existing infrastructure.
So you'll need to do encrypted tunnels over it,
with lots of endpoints (to make traffic analysis harder),
limited information visible to the endpoints,
and ways to make compromising endpoints harder.
That means technologies like TOR and remailers,
and one of the risks is finding that half the TOR nodes
are actually run by the KGB/FBI/other attackers.
The way to change scale is to move from communications networks
that can be wiretapped wholesale to types that can only be
wiretapped one at a time (e.g. 1024-bit DH PFS is better than
subpoenaable reusable 2048-bit RSA keys.)
You can do some jurisdictional arbitrage, if you know that the
NSA not only won't be wiretapping your server in Europe,
but also that they won't be trading favors with the local European spooks.
But it seems like that's a mug's game these days.
None of that means that it wouldn't be fun to build UUCP-over-IPSEC,
but if you and your buddy Bob are the only two users,
it's still susceptible to traffic analysis.

@_date: 2013-09-07 18:07:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Why prefer symmetric crypto over public key crypto? 
Public-key crypto requires learning math, and math is hard (or at least ECC math is hard, and even prime-number-group math has some interesting tricks in it.)
Symmetric-key crypto is easy in a black-box sense, because most algorithms come with rules that say "You need to do this and not do that", yet the original PPTP did half a dozen things wrong with RC4 even though the only rule is "never use the same state twice."
But if you want to look inside the black box, most of what's there is a lot of bit-twiddling, maybe in a Feistel network, and while you can follow the bits around and see what changes, there can still be surprises like the discovery of differential cryptanalysis.
Public-key crypto lets you use math to do the analysis, but [vast over-simplification] symmetric-key mostly lets you play around and decide if it's messy enough that you can't follow the bits.
But there are other traps that affect people with either kind of system.  Once PGP got past the Bass-o-matic stage, the biggest security problems were mostly things like variable-precision numbers that were trying so hard to save bits that you could trick the program into interpreting them differently and accepting bogus information.  Fortunately we'd never have problems like that today (yes, ASN.1 BER/DER, I'm looking at you....), and nobody ever forgets to check array bounds (harder in modern languages than in C or Fortran, but still quite possible), or fails to validate input before using it (SQL injections), etc.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-08 03:57:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Bruce Schneier has gotten seriously spooked 
More to the point, spike a popular download with remote-execution malware,
and download spiked patches for important binaries,
so the not-a-collection-target's browser uses known keys
(the opposite of the "fortify" patch that made 40-bit Mozilla do 128-bit),
and the disk encryption software broadcasts its keys or stashes them in plaintext
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-14 22:57:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Is Dropbox opening uploaded documents? 
Unless Dropbox has changed what they do, I wouldn't expect them to be generating thumbnails of my documents,
at least not beyond the level of taking "foo.doc" and using a MS Word icon for it.
Yes, I know gmail is different, but I would have expected Dropbox to leave my bits alone.
At $DAYJOB, the firewall blocks access to Dropbox, because Corporate Security
doesn't trust them with our own proprietary information,
much less with customer data or sensitive personal info like employee SSNs.
It's a useful servivce, so we've got our own Dropbox-clone which we can use instead.

@_date: 2013-10-28 22:13:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] how embassy eavesdropping works 
Back when cypherpunks physical meetings were interesting, before I took over running them (:-),
Duncan came and gave a talk to us at Stanford about Echeleon.
Glad to see he's still working this beat - his talk was insightful and deeply researched.

@_date: 2013-10-14 00:27:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: <nettime> A CEO who resisted NSA spying is out of prison. 
I never liked Joe Nacchio, back when he and I used to work for the same company.
I didn't know him personally (he was probably a VP by then, in a different organization);
he was an aggressive sales guy who liked to brag about his Porsche.
But he was also insightful about the state of the business even in the mid-80s,
and anybody in 2000-2001 who didn't have a clue that the telcos were in for a
world of trouble had no business running one.
He might have had more specific knowledge
about the specific troubles Qwest was having, but besides the overall crash that
the DotCom boom was going through, the telcos had just done a huge round of
overbuilding on fiber, there was a glut of the stuff because everybody
was doing it, and DWDM (dense wavelength division multiplexing) meant that
you had to pour a huge amount of new capital into optical hardware on the endpoints
just to keep up with the Joneses, because the price per bit-mile of the
actual fiber you had in the ground was dropping rapidly.

@_date: 2013-10-15 00:24:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [linux-elitists] Browser fingerprinting 
If by "right from the start" you're including "back in ~1987, when I was on standards committees that were specifying SGML for their applications", then yes, the trainwreck was around then, even before HTML or the web.  "Computer-Aided Logistics Support", aka CALS, was trying to address standards for handling documentation, mainly for the aircraft business and military contractors; you couldn't fit the design and maintenance documentation for a typical cargo airplane into the airplane itself.
The people who got the concept wanted to be able to do things like have maintenance manuals that you could read on whatever display you had, whether it's a high-res computer terminal or a monospaced wrist-mounted screen when you were standing on a ladder working on an engine, and you'd have objects like "a 2nd-level header".
The people who didn't get it wanted to be able to have data formats that could keep track of page numbers (so you could replicate taking the old page 1435.2 out of a 3-ring binder and replace it with an updated version), and objects like "a line of 14-point bold-faced text."
We ended up with some botched DTD that sort of let you do both, badly.  Graphics were supposed to be in a portable vector-based format, but they didn't have that finished while I was still working on that committee.  And eventually Sir Tim came up with HTML, which was sort of like a simplified DTD that did basic markup mostly correctly (plus hypertext and forms entry!), though with bitmapped pictures, and later people started to botch it up by letting you specify specific fonts and layouts (even if the reader's display didn't look like the author's), and Javascript to try to plaster over the botches, and it's been unsafely downhill from there.

@_date: 2013-10-14 00:06:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [linux-elitists] Browser fingerprinting 
One reason Firefox is highly fingerprintable is that it sends a list of your available fonts to the web server so the server can format its pages with cool fonts instead of boring fonts if you're able to read them.  That often turns out to be surprisingly unique, at least if you like fonts, and AFAIK it's not just the fonts you've configured into your browser, it's the fonts configured into your computer.
For instance, my work PC has a font for the $DAYJOB corporate logo, and has since acquired a couple more fonts so I can display their newer marketing presentations correctly in Powerpoint, plus it's got the dozen or two different monospace console fonts I was trying out to find a good one for programming use, and the usual collection of Bocklin and Dwarvish and Tibetan that old hippies usually have on our computers, just in case we might need to count to nine billion or have an appropriate password entry form.  When I first tested it with the panopticlick tool, it was unique; there are now a couple other similar machines (but that's "my machine's IE", "my machine's Firefox", and "my machine running Win7 with the Long Term Support version of Firefox that Corporate IT department makes us use", so it's still unique in reality.)
Sure would be nice if Mozilla had an option for "only announce the standard vanilla web fonts".

@_date: 2013-10-21 22:24:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] [RNG] on RNGs, VM state, rollback, etc. 
Real-world cryptanalysis can't break mathematical-cryptography OTP.
But real-world cryptography can use sometimes-more-than-One-Time Pads, and not-independent-identically-distributed random pads, and not-destroyed-after-use pads, and real-world cryptanalysis can sometimes break those.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-19 21:40:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] [RNG] on RNGs, VM state, rollback, etc. 
I'd kind of expect that "Zero entropy is assessed" is supposed to mean
"NOT giving the illusion of entropy", but that doesn't mean users will do that :-)
And sure, you need more entropy than that against a KGB-style attacker
(which, with another 10-20 years of Moore's law, means any script kiddie),
but at least it's protecting you against the
"all the VMs generate the same primes for their RSA key" problem,
which protects you against a whole class of attacks.
Demanding user action is really tough in a VM that hasn't connected to users yet;
anything you do is either going to go across a network or ask the host,
so you need an entropy gathering mechanism that can work with that.
If nothing else you can do something cheap like grab N = lowest 8-16 bits of uandom,
run the urandom N times, grabbing timestamp entropy each time,
hoping to get a few more bits of real sloppiness.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-29 22:03:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] DSL modems - how would we detect wholesale subversion? 
DSL modems normally don't have a lot of spare CPU horsepower,
and if you have old-style DSL
(as opposed to fiber, or U-Verse DSL-to-the-box, or cable modem)
there's not a lot of spare upstream bandwidth for them to abuse.
And it would cost them a lot to do all the processing to handle the data,
which isn't going to happen in a price-sensitive consumer business.
If they're trying to specifically wiretap *you*, that's a different case,
so if a large van marked "TPC" comes up to your door and
asks to replace your cable modem with a faster one, be suspicious :-)
It's annoying to us in the business as well;
that stuff is a pain to debug except from a DSLAM.
You should probably be doing that anyway (at least with a
consumer firewall appliance, if not a Linux/BSD/DD-WRT box.
And in many case, the broadband provider isn't including a switch,
or only offers that for an extra fee with managed Wifi, and you can do better.)
That lets you upgrade the wifi yourself, if you use wifi,
and gives you some vague chance of security if you want to have a
LAN-attached printer or file server supporting your machines at home,
and it also gives you the ability to have separate guest wifi.
         Thanks; Bill Stewart
Disclaimer: This is only my personal opinion, not the opinion of
my current or former employers, TPC, Big Cable, etc.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-03 00:38:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Silk Road founder arrested ... 
A surprising number of things *were* compromised,
not even counting the known FBI malware attacks on the Tor network.
If you read the indictment, there are a lot of email messages
between DPR and various other people, implying either that
DPR's mailbox has been seized (and that he saved a lot of messages
that would be really dumb to save)
or that many of the participants were actually Feds or informants
(boy, would that be a surprise :-)
or that the Feds have been monitoring communications on
Silk Road's email for a while that I'd expect to have been private,
in addition to monitoring open communications (drug ads, etc.),
which says they've either compromised Silk Road or Tor.
Also, somebody had said that the alleged hit on the extortionist competitor
wasn't in the indictment, just the press release; that's incorrect.
It's described in a fair bit of detail (including the Somewhere, BC police
saying that there weren't actually any dead bodies lying around),
in ways that sound almost like the extortionist and hit men were really cops;
it wouldn't be a bad strategy for finding DPR if they'd wanted to do it,
but you'd think they'd need to report that in the indictment if they had.
Alternatively, the email systems were hopelessly compromised,
to an extent that I'm glad I didn't try to buy any "research chemicals" in Silk Road.
Events have superseded my travel to a working Wifi hotspot :-)
Ken at Popehat explains that there are two indictments,
one in NY and one in MD, and at least the MD one indicates that the alleged hit was against a Federal witness,
so it's possible that they've got some of the data directly from a participant;
there's also speculation that the whole "witness" thing may have been a scam by an ex-employee.
(On a side note, it's kind of frustrating that the correct capitalization of Tor is "Tor";
makes it hard to distinguish cypherpunks mail from mail about
Tor Books, the science fiction oriented publishing company :-)

@_date: 2013-10-02 18:34:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Silk Road founder arrested ... 
If he were the REAL Dread Pirate Roberts, this would be his method
for selling his ship to the next holder of the Dread Pirate Roberts franchise.
(Ok, probably not.)
I thought Silk Road was one of the major pro-bitcoin arguments.
But there are competing services as well, according to some news article
I saw that tried three of them (but since they were a Reputable Journalism Channel,
the reporter didn't get to actually smoke the dope he bought.)

@_date: 2013-10-10 04:59:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: re: NSA data centre power surges & unknowns... 
Current quantum computers aren't that big, but they're only good for multiplying numbers up to 15 (I've heard rumors of 21!)
As with the early Cray supercomputers, where the size of the air conditioners and power systems were much larger than the round wirey bits,
a quantum computer is likely to be pretty small but may have some bigger helium coolers on-site.
Remember that you're trying to entangle subatomic particles, and maybe have some magnetic detector things that still aren't all that big.
If quantum computers became practical, they'd be using them to crack codes, factoring 1024-bit numbers or whatever.
What's really big are the NON-quantum computers they'd be using to attack those problems now.
The reason they need all that space is almost certainly for conventional data storage and processing.
They want to be able to collect and store everybody's phone calls, locations, credit card purchases, and internet traffic,
so they're handling multiple petabytes of data a day, finding the interesting bits,
correlating the interesting people with other people who might have been in the same place at the same time,
saving the parts that might be useful later.  Maybe doing some voice recognition on all their phone calls.
It takes a lot of basic horsepower and storage, and the correlation takes a lot of memory.
I think they've bought themselves a lot of cheap-ass electrical work, done by people who assume that
scaling up power requirements for a conventional data center by a factor of 10-100 doesn't change the principles.

@_date: 2013-10-15 22:50:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin mining efficiency and Botnets 
Anarchism's a great thing, but if you're trying to run an actual economy,
you need to make it workable for economic reasons, not just ideological ones.
Now that mining takes actual work and non-trivial amounts of electricity,
and there are enough bitcoins on the market that you can just buy them,
people are only going to do it if they can make a profit.
(If the market gets big enough that there aren't enough bitcoins
circulating to meet demand, the price goes up,
and maybe mining becomes profitable again.)

@_date: 2013-10-15 01:58:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin mining efficiency and Botnets 
Lodewijk andrÃ© de la porte  sent an interesting reply.

@_date: 2013-10-15 00:45:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bitcoin mining efficiency and Botnets 
Zeroaccess was a botnet that did a bunch of things, such as fake ad clicks and Bitcoin mining.
A DNS sinkhole was created to attack its DNS-based communications, which took out about 1/3 of the botnet.
One side issue that I found interesting, besides the usual security stuff, was the assertion that
stolen electricity:
machines, while only generating $2,165 a day."
What does this say about the future of Bitcoin mining?
I'm guessing that the botnet only mined on CPUs, not on GPUs,
because doing GPU calculations requires adapting code to different kinds of hardware
and is likely to have visible effects on the screen if you're not careful,
but even so, does this mean that Bitcoin miners who want to make a profit
are going to need to dump general-purpose machines in favor of specialized hardware
such as FPGAs or ASICs?  Or is buying a high-end GPU still good enough?

@_date: 2013-10-19 00:10:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Curious RNG stalemate [was: use of cpunks] 
That's particularly true if you're getting cheap electronic hardware
manufactured in China.  Not because of security risks, but just because
a lot of people who've gotten cheap stuff built over there have found
that the local manufacturers often "improve" designs to make them
more manufacturable or substitute parts for stuff they've got on hand.

@_date: 2013-10-17 20:45:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Curious RNG stalemate [was: use of cpunks] 
First of all, lots of important hardware doesn't have ports on it,
particularly virtual machines, which have a whole raft of issues
even if you're running them on a server you physically control rather than
somebody else's cloud service.  The server has some ports,
but you need to make sure your hypervisor and clients have drivers that
will let the client access the hypervisor's /dev/random or equivalent.
VMware will have to do their own; you might contribute to OpenStack.
Another important kind of hardware where that doesn't work are
home routers, because the market price of $29-99 can't support much
extra money for randomness hardware; if it's not in the ARM core
or whatever other low-power cheap CPU, then it's only going to be
able to extract entropy from timing and network traffic,
and there's unlikely to be a high-precision clock chip.
Maybe you can get the manufacturer to burn a pseudo-random number
into the box along with the ethernet MAC or something,
but otherwise it's going to have to be software.
(So maybe you can augment Tomato/WRT-11/etc to listen for traffic
for a while before starting, and write an app for your PC
that beacons some entropy for the router to listen to?)
As far as your entropy dongle goes, the only way to get it cheap
is to make large volumes, which means you need a device that's
intended for some other application, like a $20 TV tuner/audio frob
or a webcam in a dark can getting CCD noise, or a webcam you wave at.
If you want speed, you need USB, not serial, but that's fine,
because almost nobody's including real serial ports these days.
If you want slow, you can get a geiger counter from Sparkfun/etc. for ~$99,
but you're not going to get anything intentionally radioactive shipped cheap from China.

@_date: 2013-10-22 09:11:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: CryptoSeal shutters, ala: LavaBit 
>>> Third-party outside the US
Why should a customer buy from you instead of directly from the non-US party?
If you can find a way to only have service compromised if you're BOTH compromised, that might let you add some value, but otherwise you're just a consultant.
If your certificate is for signatures only (e.g. on DH keyparts), not for encryption,
you've got a much stronger case to make in court.
And it's much tougher for them to argue "contempt" if you do have to cave and give them
your signature key but then generate a new one and start using it,
as long as you don't destroy the old one (which would potentially be destroying evidence.)
The question is whether they can force you to retain the DH keyparts.

@_date: 2013-10-25 05:22:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: True necessity of Records? [was: CryptoSeal] 
Back when my wife and I were in college, the US had one main telco, the Bell System.
There were always lawsuits against them about one thing and another,
billing disputes, anti-trust accusations, telephone poles jumping in front of cars,
state public utility commission squabbles of one sort or another, etc.
She had a summer job one year translating a chunk of telco billing data
from a homebrew database into a commercial DBMS format just in case they needed it.
Seven years later it was no longer lawsuit bait,
and the commercial DBMS format was no longer supportable on any current computers either :-)
(Which was a bit of a surprise, since I think it was an IBM DBMS.)

@_date: 2013-10-28 07:19:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Gentlemen do not read each other's mail... 
Which is NSA-speak for "has monitored the chancellor and will again but for now is only monitoring other officials of the German government, not her."
And of course gentlemen don't read each others' mail, but she's a lady, so she's fair game.

@_date: 2013-11-13 03:47:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: Talk at Paypal on "The Grand Challenge to Kill Passwords for Good" 
This just arrived; seems germane to the discussion, for any of you who are local to Silicon Valley area.

@_date: 2013-11-13 03:11:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [SOT] {FWD} [Dailydave] Don't use vowels in passwords! (fwd) 
Do people actually use vowels in their passwords?
I thought they turned them into 0, 1, 3, 4, and other l33t characters to satisfy "must have a number" rules.
Salted hashes are important, of course, but if you only need to crack one user and not all of them, then a dictionary attack with a "Top 1000 Wimpy Passw0rds" list isn't going to have much trouble, and if you need a list of "A Million Wimpy Passwords and 100,000 Normal Variations" there's probably one out there, just in case there isn't some user who used "abc123" or "123456" or "password".
There's Bellovin and Merritt's EKE Encrypted Key Exchange from ~1993
for which the patents expired in 2011 and 2013.

@_date: 2013-11-13 22:17:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] randomness +- entropy 
The only time it's an issue is the first boot for a new system;
after that you're reusing the same key.
The question is whether that key is entirely user-entered,
or whether it includes some kind of RNG as well.
(OTOH, if it's handled entirely by the BIOS and not the OS,
then it's not a Linux problem.)
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-13 01:54:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] randomness +- entropy 
Most applications can wait.  Some of them could wait, but currently don't.
But what applications are there that really do need to run early?
The one potential example I can think of is hard drive encryption -
it definitely needs good (pseudo)randomness,
and needs to start pretty early in the boot process
so other applications can have a file system to write to,
and I'd prefer not to have a system that starts out
writing unencrypted/badlyencrypted data and then updates it,
though I suppose you don't typically have any user data that early.
(BTW, does an encrypted disk drive provide any useful seed material for future boots?)
Are there any network processes that need crypto before running?
Applications like sshd and https obviously do, so you need administration, but they probably don't need to be ready early.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-09 01:19:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] randomness +- entropy 
Most smartphones have wifi, and can tell you things like signal strength and noise levels on different channels, even if they don't show you the cellular signals.  It's probably not a rapidly-changing signal, but it's going to have some entropy (and if there's not enough noise, go microwave some coffee.)  There's also typically an accelerometer, and even dumb phones almost all have cameras.
But unfortunately, that $29 cable modem or dsl router isn't going to have any spare hardware, even a 5-cent photocell, so it's network noise only unless there's wifi.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-09 01:38:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: patents in a free society (Re: Brother can you help a fiber?) 
The standard Libertarian position on patents is "rabid".
Whether "rabidly for" or "rabidly against" or "rabidly endorsing some highly nuanced conditional niche position in between", we're in pretty solid agreement on the "rabid" part.
Some of us strongly believe in intellectual property.  Some of us believe that initiating force to defend "imaginary property" that's really a euphemism for a government-granted monopoly is both dishonest and anathema.
So take your pick.

@_date: 2013-11-26 19:07:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: bitcoin as a global medium of exchange (was Re: Interesting take on Sanjuro's Assassination Mark 
Satoshi gave us the technology and got people to start using it.  If he gets fabulously wealthy by owning 5% of it, I'm not jealous (well, ok, a bit jealous, but I'm not going to contend that he shouldn't have it just because of jealously.)
The Winklevossen are just speculators; I don't particularly like using a currency whose value is mostly from speculation, but experimentation is a critical part of rolling out something like a new type of currency, so whatever.  At least they pumped some cash into the system early on.
And that guy in Norway who was an early experimenter, then kind of forgot about his bitcoins until he suddenly noticed they were worth $800K?  Cool, good for him!
It wouldn't be surprising if the first people to do GPU-based mining also got a large pile of bitcoins compared to the CPU-based miners.
I think "proof of useful contribution" is a much better thing than "proof of wasted electricity"; good luck getting it off the ground.
I'd recommend reading all of Zooko's Tahoe-LAFS work for getting some ideas about privacy and reliability issues, both of which are harder than they look.
The other catch is that storage costs do keep decreasing, and storage in a cloud is always a lot slower than local storage, so you'll have to think hard about business models.
One of the cool things Bitcoin did was created a way to have the proof-of-work turn into currency without needing a banker in the middle; that means that users and miners don't have to worry (much) about the creator absconding with the value or being shut down, and there's built-in protection against hyperinflation, unlike some of the dotcom silly currencies like Beenz and Flooz that appeared and vanished along with the dogfood-on-line dotcoms.  It's been interesting to watch Bitcoin's value surviving after the loss of the Silk Road site (which got around the "Nothing To Buy With It" hurdle that helped kill the original Chaumian Digicash.)

@_date: 2013-11-26 23:15:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: bitcoin as a global medium of exchange 
============================== START ==============================
 > Democracy does not work.  With bribery, we at least get the best politicians money can buy.
Nonsense - you should be able to buy much better politicians than the current clowns.

@_date: 2013-12-08 04:40:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: infra-org (urls) 
> Consciousness is something really complex we don't really understand.
 > Quantum physics is something really complex we don't really understand.
 > Therefore, Consciousness must be a Quantum Physics thing!  QED.
If that works for you, you could go see the What the Bleep Do We Know which has a bunch of new-agey people who don't understand consciousness or physics
and a few physicists who do understand physics being taken out of context.
It was in theaters a few years back, and seems to have a direct-to-DVD sequel or director's cut or something.
If you do know physics, I'd recommend getting high before you see it...

@_date: 2013-12-09 05:01:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
Back in the 80s I ran a TEMPEST-shielded computer room,
with a VAX 11/780 and later some Sun-2 workstations,
doing studies for the government that they didn't want
Commie Spies listening to.
The shielding was basically plywood with sheet metal on both sides,
with special metal joints in between them and on the corners,
packed with wire mesh in the joints to plug any extra leaks,
making a nice big Faraday cage.  The air vents were metal grates
an inch or two deep with zig-zaggy airflow paths,
and our data connections used fiber optics going through
waveguide holes that were about 3" long and 1/8" diameter.
Power feeds used big inductive low-pass filters.
We measured the RF-tightness using meters that ran at 450 MHz,
trying to keep things 120dB tight.  You had one person carry a
transmitter on one side of the wall, another person a reader on the other side.
One experiment we'd occasionally do was to stick a wire
through the fiber waveguides, and if you got more than halfway through,
that was enough for 450MHz to leak out.  I'm not sure what frequencies we
*really* needed to protect against, but the Vax ran at something like 10 MHz,
so 450MHz was way overkill for any harmonics that might happen.
What occurred to me recently was that 10 MHz computers may have been
state of the art for the mid-80s, but that was a lot of iterations of
Moore's Law ago, and I doubt the technology of the time is much use
for current 2-3 GHz laptops.  The main Faraday cage should be fine,
plus or minus a bit of extra copper tape to plug minor leaks,
but all the air vents are going to be awfully leaky at those frequencies.
Any idea what people use today?

@_date: 2013-12-15 07:27:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Gmail's receiving mostly authenticated email 
They didn't say.  (And the threat model for spam protection probably doesn't include spammers cracking RSA keys, so 512-bit would be perfectly adequate, but I'd hope people were using 1024.)

@_date: 2013-12-14 19:52:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gmail's receiving mostly authenticated email 
Saw an interesting article from Gmail on their inbound email statistics.
Over 91% is authenticated with either DKIM or SPF.  75% is both, the rest is one or the other.
That doesn't indicate how much is encrypted, but anything that has the framework to do that authentication could fetch a key as well.
(Doesn't stop the feds from collecting the mail after Gmail receives it, of course, but it's an indication of how much email could relatively easily add some encryption to reduce in-transit eavesdropping.)

@_date: 2013-12-20 21:24:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen discuss a post-Snowden Internet 
Detweiler really was just this guy (though I seem to remember some discussion about him being a twin, which could account for a bit of his obsession with identity.)  We did once have a guy show up at a Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting who introduced himself as "Lawrence from Boulder".  I thought that was amusing but didn't say anything; he left midway through, and after the meeting Eric Hughes suddenly noticed "Hey, wait a minute!  Lawrence from Boulder?!?!?"

@_date: 2013-12-16 04:20:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen discuss a post-Snowden Internet 
Juan, Al - I recommend you dig through the Cypherpunks archives to read Detweiler's ranting.
He was much more interesting than listening to you to squabble.

@_date: 2014-01-16 06:17:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: gpg/pgp cli vs 15 years later, why can Johnny still not encrypt? 
By some time in the mid-00s, Hugh Daniel and I could no longer reliably send each other PGP-encrypted mail :-)  I wouldn't use the older versions of PGP (including GPG which was compatible with them), which had the abusable bugs in variable-length-field handling that made it possible to force PGP to use really weak crypto; Hugh would only use the open-source versions, not the proprietary Windows-GUI versions from PGP Inc., and even the proprietary versions were getting less and less reliable.  And stubbornness had, ummm, entirely nothing to do with either of our positions...  And at some point I had a disk crash that trashed the current keyrings for which I knew the passphrases, and I haven't really tried since then.
Some of the GUIs were ok, some weren't.  I've gotten lazy and prefer to be able to cut and paste, but the text editors I used this morning included vi, ed, cat, and >, and I guess emacs if you count the bash line-editing commands.  As far as PGP's CLI goes, it was painfully obvious that Phil was a Windows programmer, not a Unix programmer (though I suspect he had some DEC background as well).
                 Bill Stewart, wearing my old geezer hat today.

@_date: 2014-01-09 01:12:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: FUCK GRIFFIN BOYCE And yet ANOTHER NET.LOON Candidate Re: Earlier Detweiler ravings!! 
It's not a real Usenet flame war until there's been a spelling flame or two*.
      "UN-altered REPRODUCTION and DISSEMINATION of
        this IMPORTANT information is ENCOURAGED".
And Detweiler and Sternlight were useful practice.
Detweiler had a few serious points, but also gave us the insight that killfiles weren't just for Usenet any more; we needed to develop email filtering to deal with spammers* and other undesirable noise sources.
Sternlight was one of the early advocates of building censorship into everything.  They haven't gone away, and the UK's Tory-LibDem coalition just forced the major British ISPs to make heavy-duty censorship the default behaviour, though if you want to access suspicious sites like the EFF and BoingBoing you can tell the ISP to allow you to endanger your children by letting your internet access like access all the nasty internet p0rn.
(* One of the few good things about spam was that "how do we stop spam" replaced "libertarians vs. socialists" as the default topic that all discussions rapidly devolve into.)

@_date: 2014-01-16 06:26:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference  boycott 
Ignoring Phill's perfectly reasonable main point, what's wrong with 3DES?
Sure, it's clunky, takes lots of bit-twiddling, is a good bit slower and larger than AES, and only gives you ~112 bits of security for your 168 bits of keys, but is there anything wrong with it other than being not as good as some of the alternatives?  (Ok, and maybe a bit of power analysis risk, depending on your implementation.)  It's not like MD5 where there are theoretical attacks that make it much weaker?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-11 06:39:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for crypto 
Ian Goldberg and others argued some years ago that you need to have
a display and keypad on the device, so you don't have to trust the computer
not to steal keys from the users (his solution was a Palm Pilot,
but a simple 2x16 LCD and some buttons will do.)
You'll need an independent power supply (even if it's just a wall-wart USB charger)
to help prevent some of the power-analysis attacks that smart cards are vulnerable to.
Depending on how paranoid you want to be, you may want the USB interface
to be on a separate chip, such as the fairly dumb FTDI chips used in the earlier Arduinos,
so that you're only handling data on the USB, not full programming,
and can restrict your paranoia to your JTAG interface.
Or you could choose to be a good bit less paranoid and
provide the programs on an SD card the way Raspberry Pi does instead of JTAG,
if your FPGA can read that (natively or with help from an AVR The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-21 06:02:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: bitcoin 
My email client is set to sort messages by date but group them by recent conversation:
So five years later, bitcoins are a thing, and I hope Eugen mined a bunch of them when they were easy.
I recently tried installing a Dogecoin wallet and miner on a spare lab machine at work.
Dogecoin's a really non-serious Litecoin variant that's mostly not worth anything (something like US$0.0001 - Wow, such coins!), mainly used for tipping authors of Reddit articles about cryptocurrencies, and I figured it would be ok to run it for experimentation because its near-zero value doesn't count as "using work resources to make money" (Wow! Much electrons!)
I've found a couple of interesting things running it.
- Litecoin uses scrypt, which was designed to not fit into ASICs or GPUs, so people with regular PCs could still mine it, without being crowded out by commercial miners.  It turns out that people have figured out how to fit it into GPUs, which still run about 10-100 times as fast as CPU mining, so if I wanted to actually make money mining $25 Litecoins I should buy a $100 graphics card; it's not worth it for Dogecoins.  (Woof!)
- The spare desktop lab machine has Intel 965 motherboard graphics GPU; there don't seem to be any miners for it, unlike the AMD and nVidia GPUs, so it's only running CPU mining.  Ok for Doge chow - much coins!
- While running background CPU-burning number-crunchers on a laptop is probably just as bad an idea today as it was when I was crunching Mersenne primes in the 90s, because of heat and battery problems, I haven't been able to verify whether that's still true today.  My work laptop has an nVidia GPU, but not one of the high-end ones, and an 8-core i7 CPU, and McAfee Anti-Virus seems to think the mining programs are malware, so I haven't been able to test either one with binaries; maybe it'll let me run it if I compile the source myself.
- The network security people at work contacted me :-)  The firewall thinks Port 22556 is some kind of botnet, and they got hits from my lab machine to random countries around the world.  After running anti-virus to make them happy, I checked tcpdump, and Dogewallet-qt uses that port to stay on the net and send and receive money; turning it on and off turns traffic to that port on and off.  I'll have to check the source code and verify it, but I'm assuming it's on purpose, rather than a malicious binary distributed by the official Dogecoin site or one I picked up by accident.   The miner doesn't have that issue - I'm using it with a mining pool, talking to one server over a fairly standard port.
So *coin runs over a distributed service that looks a lot like a botnet.  Makes sense, I guess.

@_date: 2014-01-10 05:24:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
A judge who wanted to do that could dismiss the case instead of asking for a plea.
IANAL, but I suspect that a judge who allows a case to get as far as asking the defendents how they plead isn't going to reject a guilty plea.  Another way to do what the Quakers wanted to do would have been to plead "no contest" instead of guilty, but I'm sure they had deeply considered what to do beforehand.

@_date: 2014-01-11 21:11:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Curve p25519 Replacements for GnuPG?(x2 now) Re: Pretty Curved Privacy.. ECC Curve p25519 util(B 
The primary reasons for text encoding were that people wanted to transmit data through channels that might modify content or had limitations on the size and type of content, such as 7-bit ASCII, special interpretations of control characters, especially \r, \n, \0, \t, conversion to/from EBCDIC or other character sets, line length limitations, case-folding, multiple space compaction, parity bits, etc.  A secondary goal is to support transcription by humans or optical character readers that are likely to make mistakes on some similar-looking characters, but that's much less common.  A tertiary goal is that some programmers like to "improve" programs or make them "more efficient" by twiddling bits in ways that lead to software bugs, security holes, and the wrong kinds of chaos and anarchy, and yes I'm particularly including Phil Zimmerman and the standards committees who designed ASN.1 and DNS. To give those guys some slack, most of us started programming before the 8-bit byte was really universal and saving bytes here and there was *really* *important*.*
The most common encodings out there encode most of the characters in base-16 (or octal, for old DEC applications) or base-64 (uuencode and MIME), with various wrappers around them to handle line-length limitations and sometimes checksums.  Sadly, base-85 didn't catch on - it used 5 characters to hold 4 bytes, vs. base-64's 6 characters for 4 bytes, but it was late to the game and required doing multiplication and division instead of just bit-shifting.
I've never seen base-29 or base-59 encodings - is base-29 some attempt to fit into 5-level Baudot coding now that the deaf community have pretty much all moved off Model-28 TTY emulators to ASCII or mobile phone texting?
Base-4096 in UTF-8 would be silly - it gets you 12 bits per variable-width character, requiring at least two bytes, so you could just as well use two bytes of base-64 and not risk munging by systems that don't understand UTF-8.
(* My first programming environment had a printer with 132 48-character type bars and Model 026 keypunches doing Hollerith cards, which could print 56 different characters; I don't think we did any hacks using non-printer-supported punchcard fields and the card sorter, but it was possible.)

@_date: 2014-01-13 01:46:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: 'Jury Booty' and Anti-prosecution tactics.  (Was Re:) 
Of *course* they'd want to label it 'jury tampering', because it *is* jury tampering.
It's an offer to bribe the jurors to acquit somebody they might otherwise convict.
It directly runs afoul of jury tampering laws, and the only difference from
traditional jury tampering is that it *might* be easier not to get caught.
I do prefer it to some other traditional kinds of jury tampering,
including the one where the government only allows prosecution-friendly jurors,
and the one where the payment for acquittal is "not getting your legs broken".
(The latter, btw, also has some anonymity built into the payment mechanism,
since it's easy to deliver the payment anonymously to jurors who accept.)
But they're all perversions of justice.

@_date: 2014-01-20 00:09:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Al-qaeda.net deprecated (was: Note to new-ish subscribers) 
Cypherpunks.to is Lucky Green and friends; looks like it's based at/near xs4all.nl.

@_date: 2014-01-19 07:16:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Feeding trolls 
Sorry, James, but we really don't need sexist or racist trolling here.
This is Cypherpunks, and we've got plenty of appropriate things to troll about.
I was driving the other day, and caught part of Obama's weasel-speech about how he's issuing orders to the NSA not to get caught so blatantly.  Had to turn it off, because throwing things at the radio while driving isn't safe.  I might have been able to sit through more of it if I'd been home on my couch with enough beer to do the "drink if he says something blatantly ridiculous" bingo game, or at the bar at Shmoocon or something.

@_date: 2014-01-20 00:00:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: "the ability of the government to go back to taps collected years earlier to look for material w 
Terrorism was the previous justification for the bulk collection
         and for the 3-degrees-of-separation "rule", so no change.
         When Dubya Bush was trying to justify invading Iraq,
         he talked about WMDs as "nuculur bombs" and chemical and biological weapons.
         But when some angry young zealot tried to car-bomb Times Square using
         "explosives" he'd gotten from an FBI informant,
         they also charged him with making "weapons of mass destruction",
         the Boston Marathon bombers got charged with that,
         and I think even pipe bombs have been called WMDs recently.
         So WMDs might be any random young resident calling his brother or cousin,
         and the NSA still gets to Tap All The Phones.
         Hey, the guy might be using Skype to call his cousin instead of minutes.
         And people are constantly trying to hack the computers at military facilities,
         banks, and civilian government agencies, either with deliberate targeting
         or just because it's easier not to program your botnet to use whitelists,
         and maybe that defense contractor's supercomputer can mine Litecoins fast.
         So no, I don't see the situation improving soon, and
         certainly not before they repeal Moore's Law.

@_date: 2014-01-22 03:47:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: {}coin: good enough for election politics? 
No, that one was never litigated, just administratively ignored.
I was half-tempted to submit a FOIA request saying
         "Where's Raph's T-Shirt?"
because his ITAR request for an export permit for the shirt
was neither approved nor denied (or at least, it hadn't been
replied to at all for quite a long time at that point.)
It could only have been litigated if either he'd taken it to court
or else they'd charged somebody with a crime for exporting it.
Money might not exactly be "speech", but it's certainly "press".
It's how you get your speech out to people who might listen to it.
I get really tired of the kinds of people whose justification for
censoring porn on the internet is
         "the first amendment's only about political speech"
but when somebody actually wants to use it for political speech
         "no, can't do that, elections are WAY too important to let
         JUST ANYBODY say JUST ANYTHING they want!"
         Roberts's real attraction for Bush was that he believes
         that anything the Executive Branch wants to do is Just Fine.
         He's probably more radical than Scalia about that.
         But while we're probably stuck with Roberts for the rest of my lifetime,
         the Court's balances can still change.
Given Global Warming, it'll probably be what we used to call "winter"...

@_date: 2014-02-17 03:12:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Chaotic Times on the Dark Nets 
Not really - Bitcoin's sort of close enough to bearer cash for paying for hosting,
but the scenario we've been looking at was
         - Hosting accepts bitcoins (or bearer cache or whatever.)
         - Narcs harass hosting provider in lieu of actual operator
         - Hosting provider rolls over, lets narcs bug the system and/or hosting provider's billing system
         - Bugged system hands the operator a bugged PDF along with the bill, or some similar trap
Even a hosting provider who accepts digital bearer cash and gets paid in advance is going to do billing.
I'm a bit skeptical about how you do distributed hosting adequately here,
though perhaps Tahoe with enough users would work.
Obfuscating the location of the hosting is easier,
but somewhat-distributed hosting is going to just mean that there are a bunch of hosting providers,
each of which accepts some kind of bearer payment and has some level of willingness to narc on users.
Maybe 90% of the providers won't narc on their users, but that means you need to be safe against the other 10%.

@_date: 2014-02-13 08:36:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Snowden and Compilers 
Back in the mid-80s I ran a secure computer center (with a huge VAX 11/780 :-)
and the Army/DoD/NIST rules for secure computers needed to know who wrote the
channel programs that the computer was using.  Channels were a mainframe thing,
which predated the VAX; the closest equivalent we had was a KMC11 processor
that sat in the Unibus and handled interrupts and cooked-mode input for the serial cards.
So yes, proofs of concept have been around for a while :-)
