
@_date: 2005-02-28 10:54:00
@_author: "Billie N. Beck" 
@_subject: Should I Start? 
INVESTING HIGHLIGHTS
Hot New Stocks Diamond Bay Holdings (OTC:
DBHD) - This Weeks New Featured CompanySymbol             DBHDShares Out   147,924,162 Current Price   $0.11
Stock Winners  features
small-cap companies that it feels are poised for sustained growth in dynamic or
high-demand industries.Diamond Bay Holdings  Diverse, Synergistic Model Designed for Sustained Growth.... DIAMOND BAY HAS JUST
STARTED TRADING. THIS IS ONE OPPORTUNITY YOU NEED TO ACT ON NOW.... Trading at just 11 cents per share, DIAMOND BAY will attract
investors in search of a company with a diversified, long term
strategy at a very reasonable entry point.Savvy investors have
a wonderful opportunity to maximize your investment with "DBHD", the
company  has recently completed acquisitions that have resulted in the
creation of  multiple operating subsidiaries!!!
Diamond Bay is a global holding company with
operations in
diverse yet complementary industries that include real estate vacation clubs,
telecommunications, career services and Internet marketing:  Diamond Bay
Holdings, Inc. (OTC: DBHD) recently began trading on the OTC and is
ready to rumble due to its multifaceted business model and very low entry point.
DBHD specializes in the acquisition, development
and operation of subsidiaries in a variety of synergistic industries.  It
currently has interests in obtaining exclusive real estate properties, natural
resources (gold, diamonds and minerals), career services, telecommunications
services, leading edge technologies, Internet portals, and other unique products
and services that can quickly be brought to market with significant
appreciationDBHD acquisitions are organized primarily as independently operating
subsidiaries, which eventually may be spun off into separate public
NEW PR
HOT OF THE WIRE Diamond Bay Holdings Telecom Subsidiary Signs First
International Distributor
Friday February 25, 4:36 pm ET New Distributor to Deploy DBH Telecom's Prepaid Service
Platform Throughout Africa Immediately FALLS CHURCH, Va,--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 25,
  2005--Diamond Bay Holdings, Inc. (OTC:
  DBHD -
  News) announced today
  that its wholly-owned subsidiary, DBH Telecom, has signed an agreement with
  its first major distributor to commence immediate international deployment of
  DBH Telecom's prepaid "Call Virtuosity(TM)" service platform. The distributor,
  a U.S.-based company with operating subsidiaries in Africa, will release "Call
  Virtuosity(TM)"-based services to all 54 countries in the African continent
  under the TalkAfrica label. "Call Virtuosity(TM)" is a feature-rich,
  rechargeable calling card program that delivers multiple voice services and
  can be tailored to the unique needs of different geographic and ethnic
  markets. The "Call Virtuosity(TM)" platform enables customers' numbers to be
  automatically recognized for convenience and allows users to order call back
  through a web browser and SMS messaging from their cell phones at per-minute
  rates that are highly competitive with other leaders in the industry. In addition, DBH Telecom's "Call
  Virtuosity(TM)" offerings enable distributors and agents to rapidly provide a
  suite of domestic and international calling services. The company's
  proprietary customer portal enables distributors to develop their own
  customized web sites, complete with outsourcing of related ecommerce
  transactions to deliver turnkey services. "DBH Telecom offers an attractive bundle of
  easy-to-use solutions that are globally competitive and which distributors can
  deploy with minimal up-front costs," said John Page, president of DBH Telecom.
  "We have identified the fast-growing telecom market in Africa as a key area of
  expansion for our company and we are very excited that our first international
  distributor is onboard." The company is now in discussions with other
  potential distributors in growing markets around the world to bring its
  services to new geographic areas that it believes will offer the best
  opportunity to achieve high margins and early payback. The global demand for telecommunications
  products and services continues to increase and now exceeds $1 trillion annually, with more than 140 billion
  international minutes used, according to the ITU.   Telecom's product plan also includes future enhancements to serve the money
  remittance services segment, in which workers' remittances to developing
  countries reached $80 billion in 2002, up from $60 billion in 1998, according
  to a recent World Bank report. DBH Telecom's planned near-term enhancements
  include a pre-paid debit card with global ATM capability for sale as part of
  "Call Virtuosity(TM)." Diamond Bay Holdings Completes Acquisition of DBH
  Telecom, Inc. ( Wednesday February 23, 4:30 pm ET)   This company means business obviously they are on a
  mission to create a wealth of shareholder value.....
 As
  we have said do not let this one pass you bye.....  We are told there is
  lots more PR forthcoming.............
 DBHD's real estate
subsidiary, Diamond Equity
Inc.  plans to acquire high-end real estate properties for use by its
destination club members.
The company's
career services subsidiary, CareerNets, Inc.
 operates as a
worldwide career services portal and network for recruiting firms, hiring
companies and jobseekers.
marketing subsidiary, NetNetMarketing,
Inc.  is an Internet marketing company with products
such as Pre-paid bank debit cards, low cost health and long distance telephone
service and a free Rewards club.
Telecom, Inc.,   offers low cost
international telephone, broadband and VOIP services to international countries
and plans to broaden its service offerings substantially in near
NEW UNIT TO FOCUS ON GROWING DEMAND
FOR VOIP
DBHD’s newest
subsidiary plans to offer international telecommunications services,
focusing on VOIP (Voice Over
Internet Protocol) service steadily offerings and other unique, low-cost and
specialty offerings.
DBHD currently markets
a low-cost long distance offering already available through the company’s
website at  DBHD also has
requests to deliver VOIP internationally and plans to begin offering these
services within the next three months.  All of our readers have a terrific
opportunity to win when making a investment into Diamond Bay Holdings, the
company presents us with a "Whirl Wind" of opportunity with DBHD's four
wonderful operating subs.   All of you are potentially investing into
one company, but at the same time are maximizing your potential rewards while
hedging your investment with the companies multiple operating
entities............  Read this
Information within this email
contains" forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934.Any statements that express or involve with respect to predictions, goals,
expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and maybe "forward
looking statements.Forward looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to
differ materially from those presently anticipated. Forward looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as: "projects",
"foresee"," expects", "estimates," "believes," understands" "will," "part of:"
anticipates," or that by statements  indicating certain actions "may,"
could," or "might" occur.All information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information
provided and not investment advice. We advise all readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before
deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the material
within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice. Please
have in mind that the interpretation of the writer of this newsletter about the
news published by the company does not represent the company official statement
and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to
say. Look at the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the
details in it.In compliance with Section 17(b), we disclose the holding
of DBHD shares prior to the publication of this report. Be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit
from the liquidation of these shares. Shares may be sold time, even after
positive statements have been made regarding the above company. Since we own
shares, there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and
opinions. Readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and
expectations involving various risks and uncertainties, that could cause results
to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking
Please be advised that nothing within this email
shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any
security mentioned herein. This newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer. This newsletter was paid
previously 1,000,000 shares from a non-affiliated third party to send this
report.  All statements made are our express opinion only and should be
treated as such. We may own, take position and sell any securities mentioned at
any time. This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of
The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may
include terms as "expect"," believe", "may", "will", "move"," undervalued" and
"intend" or similar terms. remv frm list cpy/paste birthsindowitcherprism.com/suntan/finish/
