
@_date: 2014-06-09 21:25:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police nationwide 
My knowledge of TEMPEST hasn't really been updated since the 1980s,
when I managed an RF-shielded lab with a Vax and some Sun equipment.
We did our testing at 450 MHz, which was a blazingly high frequency back then,
with a room that provided about 120dB of shielding when everything was tight.
It didn't take much of a loose joint to let a lot of signal leak out,
so we checked it periodically, and would need to tighten screws or
replace the steel-wool packing or put copper tape over things to fix it.
The cable ports for our fiber communications had
eighth-inch holes a couple inches deep,
and pushing a paperclip partway through
was also enough to trigger leakage.
It's a waveguide effect, so shorter wavelengths penetrate more easily
(though cellphones do put out a lot less power at 700-2100 MHz than the Vax did at 10 MHz.)
Basically, a refrigerator is unlikely to be tight enough to help;
it's designed to be airtight, not RF-tight.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-05 06:48:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
The biggest threat that Bitcoin had to overcome was "Nobody uses your stuff".
They did enough with UI and models of usage that they got past the early phases of that one.
That's somewhat backwards.  States weren't allowed to declare anything to be legal tender other than gold and silver, because the authors of the Constitution had experience with Rhode Island doing fiat money.  The Feds could still do anything they wanted, if they could get Congress to agree on it, so we ended up with an odd bimetallic system where the official ratios of silver and gold didn't always match the real ones.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2020-06-30 05:37:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Re: Cointelegraph: Experts Split on Practical Implications of Quantum Cryptography 
There seem to be two kinds of Quantum Crypto out there
- the kind that needs a piece of fiber
- the kind that lets you send your photons in free space between ground and satellite.
The former's a very niche application, and doesn't protect you about things like pseudonymity vs contact tracing (because you follow the piece of fiber and see who's at the other end, or follow the money and see who's renting the fiber :-).
It's more useful if your threat model is "Auditors" than "Spies"; otherwise you can send an extra diverse dude with a briefcase handcuffed to their arm for an initial authentication key exchange and then use another layer of Diffie-Hellman for authentication, maybe with an annoyingly long ECC key, while also printing the authentication public key in a classified ad in the NY Times or Pravda or Federal Register.
The latter's "interesting"; I'm skeptical about its usefulness, but haven't looked into it deeply, beyond a quick read of
There seem to be three approaches
- one end-to-end quantum-protected hop (ground to bird to ground)
- two (ground to bird-in-the-middle, bird-in-the-middle to ground)
- two (trusted-bird sends entangled pair, one to Alice, one to Bob)
Approach 1 doesn't appear to exist, approach 2 lets you use two prepare-and-measure channels (meh), approach three could be useful-ish
uses entanglement, but needs a bigger satellite than the bird-in-the-middle approach.  (According to the paper, it needs more than a 100kg satellite, as opposed to a single-end thing which can fit on an under-10kg cubesat.)
