
@_date: 2004-11-12 23:23:35
@_author: "Biophan Technologies" 
@_subject: Biophan Crosses 100 Patent Threshold 
STOCK ALERT: BIOPHAN TECHNOLOGIES (OTC BB: BIPH)
Biophan Technologies Crosses   Landmark 100 Patent Threshold New Patents in Nanotechnology and Photonics Strengthen Company's
Leadership Role in Breakthrough Medical Advances Rochester , N.Y. — November 12, 2004—Biophan Technologies, Inc. (OTC BB: BIPH - News), a developer of next-generation biomedical technology, today announced that, with the filing of 9 new patents in MRI safety and compatibility, the Company has crossed the 100 patent milestone, increasing its lead in intellectual property and scientific advances that hold the potential to enable important new avenues of medical care. The announcement was made by Michael Weiner, Biophan CEO. Biophan’s expanded portfolio of 101 issued, assigned, and licensed patents further solidifies and deepens the Company’s core intellectual property advantage in several areas critical to the evolution of next-generation biomedical science. “Crossing the 100-patent threshold is symbolic of Biophan’s expanding position in the vanguard of biomedical innovation, and of our goal to make a significant contribution to the improvement of biomedical science,” said Mr. Weiner. “We believe many of our breakthrough technologies solve the problems that are holding back the use of MRI in interventional medicine, and also allow patients with implants to receive high-quality MRI imaging in the future. Our contributions in power systems and drug delivery technology will help manufacturers further improve the effectiveness and value of their medical devices.” Biophan’s newest issued patents focus on several innovative implementations of nanotechnology, optoelectronics, and fiber optics—all areas of particular specialization for Biophan. The new patent filings continue the Company’s strategy of aggressive and broad intellectual property protection of its new technologies and products. “It’s our goal to maintain our leadership position in the industry by constantly expanding our early lead in key areas,” said Mr. Weiner. “We’re committed to generating meaningful value for our shareholders by providing unique products in multi-billion-dollar medical markets and by ensuring the maximum level of legal protection for our intellectual property as the industry evolves.” The new 101 patent total includes 22 issued U.S. patents, 11 recently-allowed applications that will issue as patents in the near future, and 68 applications that are at various stages of examination at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
About the newly filed patents: - Two Biophan patents focus on extending specialized techniques known as “anti-antenna designs” to ensure that leads, stents, and other implanted medical devices will not interfere with the specific electromagnetic frequencies in the MRI environment. These advances in antenna geometries significantly lower the chances of unwanted electromagnetic effects on implanted devices during MRI procedures. Anti-antenna technology also resolves the issues of safety associated with lead heating and induced electrical voltages that can be problematic for pacemakers, defibrillators, neurostimulators, and other devices. - Three of the newly-allowed applications involve the use of nanomagnetic coatings that provide protection of devices during MRI. Three newly allowed applications center on improving the quality of imaging of objects under MRI. These applications were filed by Biophan’s licensor, Nanoset, LLC, and licensed exclusively to Biophan for medical applications. - Two of the patents deal with the use of photonic communication subsystems that are impervious to MRI and greatly improve the quality of the image. - An important patent, entitled “Electromagnetic Interference Immune Tissue Invasive System,” assigns cutting-edge photonic technology to eliminate risks associated with implanted devices during MRI procedures. This technology deploys optoelectronics and fiber optics—instead of electrical leads—to connect a medical device to a sensor, greatly reducing the potential for damage to the sensor, inappropriate operation of the device, and elimination of unwanted heating. The use of this photonic technology provides an important alternative to traditional leads and electrodes by converting electrical signals to optical signals that are sent along optical fibers and reconverting them at the other end to electrical signals. About Biophan Technologies Biophan develops and markets cutting-edge technologies designed to make biomedical devices safe and compatible with the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) environment. The Company develops enabling technologies for implanted medical systems such as pacemakers, and interventional surgical devices such as catheters and guidewires, as well as stents and other implants that can be safely and effectively imaged under MRI. The technology is also being used to create MRI contrast agents, and has expanded to include other applications, such as drug delivery and power systems derived from body heat. Four Biophan technologies include advances in nanotechnology and thin film coatings. Committed to growth through innovation and developmental leadership, Biophan and its licensors now hold a total of 101 U.S. patents, licenses or applications. This total includes 22 issued U.S. patents, 11 recently-allowed applications that will issue as patents in the near future, and 68 pending applicatio!
ns at various stages of examination at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The patents cover areas including nanotechnology (nanomagnetic particle coatings), radio frequency filters, polymer composites, thermoelectric materials for batteries generating power from body heat, and photonics. Biophan has joint development arrangements with Boston Scientific (NYSE:BSX - News) and NASA's Ames Center for Nanotechnology. Biophan's goal is to make all biomedical devices capable of safely and successfully working with MRI, and delivering other technologies which will improve quality of life. For more information, please visit  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements included in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from such statements expressed or implied herein as a result of a variety of factors including, but not limited to: the development of Biophan's MRI technologies; the approval of Biophan's patent applications; the successful implementation of Biophan's research and development programs; the acceptance by the market of Biophan's products; competition and the timing of projects and trends in future operating performance, as well as other factors expressed from time to time in Biophan's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). As a result, this press release should be read in conjunction with Biophan's periodic filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made only as of the date of this press release, and Biophan undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking!
 statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Biophan Technologies, Inc.
Carolyn Hotchkiss, 585-214-2407
Press Interviews:
Michael Weiner, 585-214-2441
        This is an advertisement.
        Your address was obtained from I-NetValues or one of its affiliates.          To discontinue subscription, please go here.
        To remove by postal mail:
        1730 South Federal Highway Suite 115
        Delray Beach, Florida  33483
