
@_date: 2004-10-08 23:52:25
@_author: "Biophan Technologies" 
@_subject: "Biophan 101" Video Presentation 
Biophan Technologies 10-08-2004
Biophan Technologies Launches
First in a Series of Productions Providing Layman’s Introduction
Rochester, NY, Oct. 8, 2004 – Biophan Technologies, Inc. (OTC BB: BIPH), a developer of next-generation biomedical technology, has released the first in a series of short films introducing and describing the patents and technology that make up its rich intellectual property portfolio, the Company announced today. The film is designed to “deconstruct” the complexity of Biophan’s cutting edge technologies and provide explanations that can be easily understood by the layperson.
About Biophan Technologies Biophan develops and markets cutting-edge technologies designed to make biomedical devices safe and compatible with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) equipment.  The Company develops enabling technologies for implanted medical systems such as pacemakers, and interventional surgical devices such as catheters and guidewires, as well as stents and other implants that can be safely and effectively imaged under MRI.  The technology is also being used to create enhanced MRI contrast agents, and has expanded to include other applications, such as drug delivery and power systems derived from body heat.  Four Biophan product lines include advances in nanotechnology and thin film coatings. Committed to growth through innovation and developmental leadership, Biophan and its licensors have 21 issued Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements included in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from such statements expressed or implied herein as a result of a variety of factors including, but not limited to: the development of Biophan's MRI technologies; the approval of Biophan's patent applications; the successful implementation of Biophan's research and development programs; the acceptance by the market of Biophan's products; competition and the timing of projects and trends in future operating performance, as well as other factors expressed from time to time in Biophan's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). As a result, this press release should be read in conjunction with Biophan's periodic filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made only as of the date of this press release, and Biophan undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forwar!
d-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.
Contacts: Biophan Technologies, Inc.
Compensation and Other Disclosures
This Emerging Growth Update (the "Update") is published by Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc. ("Trilogy") to provide readers with information on selected publicly traded companies. Factual information is obtained from public filings and other sources deemed to be reliable; however, Trilogy takes no responsibility for verifying the accuracy of such information and makes no representation that such information is accurate or complete. Certain of the statements in this Update may be considered forwarded looking statements. Trilogy makes no representation and provides no assurance or guaranty that such forward looking statements will be prove to be accurate. Statements of opinion and belief are those of the authors and/or editors of this Update, and are based solely upon the information possessed by such authors and/or editors; no inference should be drawn that such authors or editors have any special or grea!
ter knowledge about the company or companies profiled or any particular expertise in the industries or markets in which the profiled company or companies compete. The reader should verify all claims and complete his own due diligence before investing in any securities of profiled company or companies. Neither Trilogy nor anyone involved in the publication of this Update is a registered investment adviser or broker/dealer. Trilogy makes no recommendation that the purchase of securities of company or companies profiled in this Update are suitable or advisable for any person or that an investment such securities will be profitable. In general, given the nature of the company or companies profiled and the lack of an active trading market for their securities, investing in such securities is highly speculative and carries a high degree of risk. An investor in such securities should be prepared and able to bear a loss of his or her entire investment. Nothing in this Update should !
be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any s!
ecurities of any profiled company. Trilogy has been retained to provide investor relations services for the company profiled in this Update and receives compensation for those services. Further, Trilogy and its employees and affiliates may own, or may purchase and sell, securities of the company or companies profiled. Trilogy undertakes no obligation to inform readers about the ownership or trading activities of it or its employees or affiliates in the securities of the profiled company or companies. Trilogy has the following compensation arrangements with the company or companies profiled in this Update: Biophan Technologies, Inc.: seven thousand five hundred dollars per month for so long as Trilogy is retained to provide investor relations services. A subsidiary of Trilogy has entered into an agreement with a third party pursuant to which the subsidiary has agreed to purchase from time to time from the third party up to an aggregate of nine million freely-tradable shares o!
f common stock of Biophan at fixed prices ranging from sixty cents to two dollars per share.
        This is an advertisement.
        Your address was obtained from I-NetValues or one of its affiliates.          To discontinue subscription, please go here.
        To remove by postal mail:
        1730 South Federal Highway Suite 115
        Delray Beach, Florida  33483
