
@_date: 2001-12-15 02:57:10
@_author: Trial 
@_subject: You can really make Money!! I made $300.00 
"Have A Nice Check Right After Christmas"
I made $300.00 my first Check , for 8 days!!
Do you need a
            place to host your  New Website,     or an exsisting one?  EhostingBiz.com can
            help!  eHostingBiz.com now offers a complete web hosting
            solution for an unheard of low price of
            $5/month.  On top of that, eHostingBiz.com will
            pay YOU to refer your friends to them. When your friends
            refer their friends, YOU get paid up to 7 levels
            deep!
Why is
                eHostingBiz.com different from those free Web
                Hostings? We provide a huge
                        50MB of web space and complete control of your
                        site. 
We provide database access.
We provide 10 e-mail
                        accounts with Pop mail abilities.
We place NO
                        advertisements on your website. 
                        (Remember:  ads that are not yours are making
                        money for someone else - and NOT for
                        you!)
Without those
                        intrusive ads, YOUR information covers your entire
                        web page.
Our web pages load
                        incredibly fast and we guarantee 99.9% up
                        time!
Finally, we offer
                        you a business opportunity, in addition to
                        your hosting, where you can earn money for
                        yourself - not other advertisers - and we also
                        provide
guidance to ensure your success!
eHostingBiz provides
                        you all the
                        flexibility
and control that you need for
                        web hosting.  At the same time we give
                        you an additional vehicle to help you reach your
                        dreams and find financial freedom!
Don't miss out on this great
                opportunity!  Don't waste any more time
                struggling with all the problems rampant with a free
                hosting service.  And don't waste another dime on
                those other OVER-PRICED hosting services.  Join us
                now at:
Internet Cash Machines
Rick Minard,Webmaster: "Internet Cash Click to subscribe to Cash_Machines
You can reach me at: 1-208-855-2268 office, 1-208-724-8130 cellCheck out these New Links: Web Design and Turn key Money Making Bizz (Internet Cash Machines)
Http://bizz.ehostingbiz.COM/WebCenter ($5.00 Web Hosting that Pay’s You!!)7     levels Deep!! New!!
 Made over $300.00     first week!! (I
have a check to prove it!!)  
Click"on Link for Free U.S. Phone Service!!,
 Pre-Launch Sign up Pre-Launch
 (Means Never Ageing)
 Sign Up Now!! Http://bizz.ehostingbiz.COM/WebCenter
and please
                use my membership ID number
                (Bizz)
                when asked if you were referred by someone.
                Member ID# Bizz
This e-mail was sent as part of a Opt-In
                List from trafficwave or ffaemailblaster, and safelist and
                in accordance with all laws regulating Spam.
                If you would like to be removed please send an e-mail to
                Remove
