
@_date: 2004-11-17 23:13:35
@_author: "Barrister Wise Jackson." 
@_subject: Please I NeenYour Help [Urgent Please]. 
Dear Sir/Ma,
May I first apologies for this unsolicited mail to you. I am aware that this is certainly an unconventional approach of starting a business relationship but as time goes on you will realize the need for my action.
My name is Barrister Wise Jackson a Solicitor and advocates, I was an attorney to late Mr. James Hutchinson, an American who worked with an Oil company in Republic Of Ghana. On the 21st of August 2001 my client, his wife and their three children were involved in a ghastly motor accident along Motor-Way Express road. My Client and his entire family unfortunately lost their lives in the accident. Since then I have made several enquirers to the embassy to locate any of my Client's extended relatives, which has proved abortive.
My main reason for contacting you is for you to assist me in repatriating the money and properties left behind by my Client before they are confiscated or declared un serviceable by the bank where they are deposited. Particularly, a Finance Company where my late client has a fixed deposit of [$26.4m] Twenty six Million, Four Hundred Thousand United State Dollars the said Bank has issued me a final notice to provide the next of kin of my Client or they will be left with no other option than to confiscate this fund.
Since I have been unsuccessful in locating any of my client's relatives for the past three years I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the disease, which is my client. I have all the necessary legal documents that can be use as backup any claim we may make. All I require is your honest cooperation to enable this deal go through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect us from any breach of the law here in Ghana and internationally.
You should also assure that you will not tell people about this business until we conclude it, as exposing it now may jeopardize our chances of concluding fast. This fund shall be transferred to you first, before we will then share it as agreed. I shall need your help to invest my share in your country, so any experience you have in this area will be beneficial. I will need your most confidential telephone and fax numbers, if you have a mobile phone I believe it will help so that we can reach you Please get back to me as soon as possible; your positive or negative response is welcomed. For security reasons send your reply to this E-mail address: [barristerwj_com for further information.
Best Regards,
Barrister Wise Jackson,
Attorney At Law.
