
@_date: 2001-09-26 07:16:56
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Reflections on "High Concept, Low Tech," Martial Law, the new  Paper Gauntlet and the changing m 
Intelligence vs stupidity, knowledge vs ignorance - some slightly random,
paradoxically related ruminations:
Someone I read made the observation that the risk and danger posed to
civilization by scientific/technological advances increases proportional to
their speed and the inability of humans to manage them.
The human mind requires knowledge and preparation in order to act
intelligently.  Without some acquaintanceship with an environment, with a
circumstance, with the character or the measure or the nature of things -
with reality - responding to an event or circumstance is almost impossible
because the mind doesn't "know where to go", which direction to turn or what
steps to take that will be successful or get you out of harm's way.
Einstein quote:  "Imagination is more important than knowledge."  The
powers-that-be in high places think they should have all the information -
or aim to possess all your base - and thereby control it and everyone and
all events, for the common good.  They overlook the resourceful imagination.
I don't think the terrorists were all that smart; I think they exploited all
the loopholes made available from the limited imagination of those who are
expecting only complicity to enforced standardization of behavior, who are
expecting to identify danger only from stereotypical images.  As is plainly
and painfully apparent, they don't know how to distinguish a dangerous nail
clipper from sharp fingernail.
The blades of a fan when it is running seem to going in one direction, but
when it slows down you can see they have actually been going the other way.
In life it can be confusing to identify which is the cause or the effect,
the antecedent or the consequence, and what to expect from events based on
their apparent intent.
The free world seems to be teeter-tottering, gyrating, seemingly going now
one way, now the other, on how much "civil liberty" will be allowed to
individuals, fearing the liberty of criminals.  There are many lessons from
history which some can still remember about what happens when things go one
way - into totalitarianism - but there is much influence against going the
other way, toward "individualism".  It could just spin faster and faster
"out of control".
The means to achieving privacy are but one aspect of living a normal life
amidst a growing ability to be too close together, to be too much in view by
others.  Privacy is a way to achieve or maintain separateness in the milieu,
but not simply distance - a separateness  that one can control at one's own
discretion, regardless of who would vote for allowances to intrude upon it,
regardless of where one is residing or who has been elected to make official
decisions on the matter.
It is a control which could be engaged regardless of who might be "out" of
control, as well, for it is the case that one lives not only with
controllers, but with the controlled, who also can make a free and moral
existence impossible, and against whom one must also protect oneself.
There used to be a lot of discussions on the cpunks and elsewhere about
autonomous zones, the cyberspace existing nowhere and everywhere,
individuals, strangers, far away yet always near in the immediacy of their
contacts, a nation existing only by its connectivities, using cash managed
independently, outside "the law";  the cyberanarchy independent of
nation-states which would retard civilization, contrary to the purpose of
their creation.  Living like cyber-nomads, traveling over the globe, while
yet physically going nowhere.
Isn't it interesting that OB-L and his supposed followers actually have been
living that kind of life, yet not in total dependence on all the high-tech
gear.  They, in contrast to the high-techies in the upperspace underground,
have been surviving as low-lifes on the mountainous ground, true nomads
expanding over the globe, while planning on sending everyone to the
Try to get back to normal.  Don't worry your pretty little head about it.
And leave your butter knife at home.
  ..

@_date: 2001-09-25 18:46:40
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Cryptic  Gibberish Page 
:-----Original Message-----
From Tolan Blundell:
:Clicking around for a bit, it looks like it's generated from random bits of
:websites. Most odd.
:I think it may be an attempt to emulate  and the
I spent more time exploring links which I previously ignored, expecting them
to be just more random bits.  Here's an interesting explanation, from
[excerpt]:  She plays all roles promising success: manager, advertising
agent, model, trickster or thief. Cornelia Sollfrank steals images, films,
texts and programs on her raids through today's mass media. She snatches
away from servers and services all she needs to replicate the hidden
principles of the net and consumer culture. What might first appear as the
trendy use of authorship models soon turns out to be a bewildering game of
deception and disillusionment, seduction and ethics. Ms. Sollfrank's
"artistic" programs recreate unforeseeable power relationships and hidden
mechanisms, questioning production and responsibility in the Net.  Sooner or
later her seduced or conquered users have to reconsider authorship and their
own ends.
  ..

@_date: 2001-09-13 09:36:12
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: Letter to U.S. Agencies 
I am sending this to certain appropriate representatives:
Osama Bin Ladin said in an interview: "We have seen in the last decade the
decline of the American government and the weakness of the American soldier
who is ready to wage Cold Wars and unprepared to fight long wars."
But American soldiers are not the only ones who are "weak and unprepared":
every new threat against America (both externally and from within) produces
efforts to increase security by the method of weakening already defenseless
civilians even further.
Every new threat against the nation means we the individuals must become
more transparent, that we must allow greater trespass against the sanctity
of our private lives, and forsake personal authority over our circumstances,
in order that official policing agencies may be assured that we are not
criminals, that we have no evil intentions against others, that we are not
concealing secret plans against the State.
To ensure against the potential threat of enemies among us, our power to act
is deemed necessary to circumscribe and an attempt to control the use of any
utensil is extended beyond common sense:  we are pressured to give up any
technology or instrument which could potentially be turned to a destructive
purpose; we must not carry or be given any kind of tool, no matter how
normally innocuous, which could be employed abnormally as a weapon.
If this goes on, we will all become as babes in the woods - naked, disabled,
and totally dependent upon paranoic caretakers for protection.  The U.S.
will become like the former U.S.S.R.
The whole load of responsibility for safety cannot be carried by only a few.
The damage to the World Trade Center towers resulted in the fall of the
interior levels and the total collapse of the buildings.  Like these towers,
the most impressive free nation on the planet could fall under terrorism
because its interior - we the people - lack the wherewithal to act in their
own behalf.
President Bush remarked that "This is an enemy who preys on unsuspecting
people."   Unsuspecting people who are unpracticed and unprepared.  We all
must be allowed to participate in our own defense. We should not be
prevented from accoutering ourselves properly in order that we may respond
appropriately to danger and be of practical use toward normality and our own
security and safety.
  ..

@_date: 2001-09-17 20:09:43
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: I hope this war puts an end to PC nonsense 
Tim said:
:And when the militarized smallpox from Biopreparat hits....
Aside from taking out their noserings, is there anything that anyone would
be able to do about it?  To save themselves, I mean.
Y2K has arrived, it's just a little late.  Did everyone save their supplies
and noserings and have their survival procedures ready?  Not that they would
be all that effective, anyway.
  ..

@_date: 2001-09-22 04:39:09
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Preparedness 
From Declan:
:>Even before the fire at the crippled Pentagon across the Potomac had been
:>extinguished, frightening shortcomings in the District's emergency
:>preparedness were laid bare. Communications broke down, and key District
:>leaders scrambled to exchange information via e-mail and pagers. The fire
:>department had scant reserve equipment, a single hazardous-materials unit,
:>and no search-and-rescue units available to dispatch. There was no master
:>terrorism-response plan in place, so agency heads reached for whatever was
:>available on the nearest shelfwhich for some meant Y2K plans and, for the
:>fire department, a 1968 deployment guideline drafted in response to the
:>riots following the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.
I've been hearing about the budget for the CIA/NSA/etc. defense budgets of
numbers like 30 billion - B I L L I O N - at the same time that I hear about
how their technology is outmoded, outdated, that they're all ignorant of
useful knowledge of the enemy (like how to communicate in their language),
that they are under-manned, etc.  Considering all the tax money which has
been spent by these and other departments for useless symbolic projects
which accomplish nothing, I am just taken aback at how the important things
which are truly useful, especially at a time like this, that
"infrastructure" which was the big buzzword some time ago, has been
neglected.  There are weights which fall upon you; then there are sinking
holes which pull you down.  Keep pouring that money into that sieve, y'all.
  ..

@_date: 2001-09-25 17:52:05
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Cryptic  Gibberish Page 
:At the root of the tree ( enlightenment
:will be found.
:Peter Trei
 Thanks, Master. In cyberspace you never know where your name will show
The creators must have my name in their files.
  ..

@_date: 2001-09-25 07:34:26
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: Cryptic  Gibberish Page 
Does anyone on this list know what this page is about:
My email name is on it; does their system pick up words randomly from the
net to be used for their communications?
   ..

@_date: 2001-10-24 04:40:18
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: Terrorists and Solutions 
Cpunks, what are your ideas on this:
.  What would be an acceptable way for the U.S. government to handle the
current problem of terrorists in the U.S. in order to "catch" the ones
already here and to prevent future attacks (acknowledged, they will do what
they are prepared to do, given their mind-set)?
wiretapping, increased surveillance as in England
.  What would be a practical way for those in the U.S. to handle there now
being trained terrorists in the midst, in consideration the fact that:
Afhanistan, that this could set off the other "cells" and gain supporters,
especially if Bin Laden were killed
(though not a terrorist deterrent), get a gun and/or other defense means, be
of arousing suspicion and investigation, but as "civil liberties" are being
adversely affected, everyone must consider how they will deal with these
developments - how they will fight them or live with them in the interim
  ..

@_date: 2001-10-22 07:14:15
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Has Steve Schear earned killing? Verdict is out. 
From Tim, Killer Cypherpunk, in a couple of posts about a half-hour apart:
:Free people are free to fire those who form communal organizations. :Anyone who disagrees with this point has earned killing.
 [and]
:Fucking creep. Where's that sniper rifle, Bob?
Someone told me that, deep down, Tim is really a sensitive kinda guy.
  ..

@_date: 2001-10-11 04:55:49
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Larry Ellison pushes national ID registry in WSJ 
:By Larry Ellison, the founder and CEO of Oracle Corp.
:The good news is that a national database combined with biometrics, thumb
:prints, hand prints, iris scans, or other new technology could detect
:false identities.
And maybe taking bum-prints* could facilitate the identification of real,
world-class assholes like Ellison.
*(privy data)
  ..

@_date: 2001-10-03 05:20:54
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: and now for something completely different... 
keyser-soze quoth:
:I felt a great disturbance in the Force . . . as if millions of
:voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I
:fear something terrible has happened.
and Darth Vader had been one of the elite Jedi before he turned to the Dark
Side. . .
Sometimes like imitation of art, is life.
  ..

@_date: 2001-10-26 08:15:36
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: James Glassman wants national IDs: "We have to give up" 
From Mark Talbot:
:I have yet to see a post 9/11 scheme that would actually enhance my
:safety in any significant way. Even police states have terrorists.
I was listening on the radio some days ago to a journalist from Sri Lanka
describing how strict and thorough the security is in their region.
Nevertheless they still have bombings.  And for every bomb, and the deaths
of relatives and friends, another terrorist 'is born' who wants vengeance.
A local problem the legislators have overlooked is that there are young
teenage boys in typical American homes who even now may be planning to blast
away their high schools.  If they actually carry out their grievances in the
next four years, under the new rules they and their families and even their
friends will be classified as terrorists and supporters.
Furthermore, under the new rules which allow all sorts of surveillance, many
public officials themselves are likely to be the first ones caught doing
illegal things or having their personal indecencies intercepted.  And they
may be the first to figure out imaginative ways around the surveillance -
which would be really useful.
  ..

@_date: 2001-10-26 09:02:58
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: America is beyond salvation 
From Tim May:
:The USA/PATRIOT bill was hastily put together, with most
:Congresscritters have essentially no idea of its implications for
:building a police state. The U.S. Congress wastes more than a year
:debating the impeachment issue over the Lewinsky affair, blah blah blah,
:then races to construct an American Reich with barely any discussion.
:Disgusting. The nation is beyond salvation. America is preterite.
But you never did have any hopes or great expectations from it, anyway, did
you.  I mean, you're of the mind to take up the responsibility for your own
existence regardless of what national borders you're living within, and
hardly waiting for or dependent upon their generosity.
  --
Speaking of taking up full responsibility for one's preferred lifestyle, it
makes me think that it will be an oddly strange, science-fiction kind of
existence that some of us will be operating in, in the future, trying to
survive and achieve our ambitions in between weasels, dogs of war, and
missile fire.  Something between "A Boy and his Dog", "Mad Max", and
  ..

@_date: 2001-11-28 18:55:20
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Tomorrow on ABC News 
Quoted by Declan McCullagh:
:>This week's "Give Me A Break!" is about Montgomery County's new ban on
:>smoking in your own home if it bothers a neighbor.  It's not surprising
:>that Montgomery County is the first to do this; it is right next to
:>Washington D.C., where politicians are famous for running other people's
This past Sunday, George Will was on one of those morning shows like "Meet
the Press", where he referred to the Taliban "Ministry for the Suppression
of Vice and the Promotion of Virtue". Then he announced that there is a
'Taliban' operating right there in his own Montgomery County where he
lives - and related the story above, about the smoking ban.  He then
expressed the wish that when the U.S. Armed Forces are done in Afghanistan,
they would come over and deal with the locals in his county.  What will it
be next, he queried:  barbecue smoke (and other similar examples)?  Cokie
Roberts laughed and said, well,you can always vote against it.
(but if the majority votes for it . . .)
  ..

@_date: 2001-11-08 07:16:38
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: kuro5hin.org || An Introduction to Moral Theory 
Jim, stop posting those long articles to the list!
Those little excerpts don't give a clue to the rest of the content, dammit!
Jim, the headers don't match the links.
Jim, stop posting old links.
Dammit, those links are inaccurate, Jim.
Dammit Jim, post reviews not, just links.
Jim -     will you wash my car . . .
  ..
Blanc

@_date: 2001-11-03 09:05:37
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Life imitates bad S/F 
From the Melon:
:Closer to home:
:     CMDR. BEN SISKO of DS9:
:    "Starfleet Command seems to be a little jumpy since the Dominion
:     attack on HQ.  I guess they're accustomed to sitting behind their
:     desks, not hiding under them.  I hope they don't make any rash
:     decisions..."
. . . . . . . . . .
An adjacent note:
From the Israeli Insider -
Israeli police advising U.S. counterparts in anti-terrorism techniques
"Eighteen senior Israeli Police officers visited Palm Beach, Florida, this
week as part of a 10-day educational seminar sponsored by the American
Jewish Committee. The original purpose of the trip was to instruct the
Israeli policemen in American law enforcement tactics. But in the wake of
the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York City and Washington, the
Israelis were called upon to give their American counterparts tips on
handling terrorism."
" 'Just walk with your eyes open and your mind working and take into
consideration that everything, everything can be hazardous to your health,'
Police Lt. Col. Danny Kuffler said."
Of course, now in the US you also have to take into consideration that all
those "nervous people" and those patrols anywhere, everywhere can be
hazardous to your health.
  ..

@_date: 2001-11-04 12:59:56
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
From someone who isn't really John Young:
:This 'Blanc' is now in the databank of crowing terrorists, and will be
:reluctantly quoted in the next national high alert. Deceiving the homeland
:guardians is treason.
But, it's not my fault!
As is said of girls wearing overly-feminized clothing:  they *asked* for it.
  ..
(I don't need to cc you; I _know_ you're there)

@_date: 2001-11-04 12:03:45
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
From Raymond D. Mereniuk:
:I kinda like a place where there is a rule of law and everything is
:totally predictable, something America appears to be moving away
:from at this moment.
But the situation *is* entirely predictable:
Some people in scary positions of responsibility do not want to see, hear,
or know The Truth, because they don't know what to do about it.  It's all
symbolism and familiar stereotype - if you want to get by airport security,
.  wear an NYPD hat
.  put a U.S. flag pin on your jacket lapel or somewhere on the top front of
your clothing
.  if taking a book to read, be sure to change the cover to one from those
current books written by prominent journalists or other liberal
communications personalities
.  move in a calm manner - no sudden moves, say to help with zippers or
anything (remember: they don't trust you, and only they are allowed to
determine the course and direction of your next step - any sign of too much
or too little self-confidence will be viewed with suspicion)
.  as you pass by the armed guards, look in their eye, smile sweetly, and
say "I'm *so* glad you're here - I feel safer now!"
.  at the ticket counter, when they ask for your ID, begin with
"baahaaahaaa".  They will respond with recognition and relax a little.
Later, you can send out your posts anonymously and be viciously,
uncompromisingly, honest.  I think that's how some of the original
'Patriots' did it.
  ..

@_date: 2001-11-14 22:27:05
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: The killing of Bill Cooper and Liquid Metal Embrittlement 
Said Tim May:
:-- ZOG lovers like Dershowitz are calling for torturing suspects until
:they confess
:(One of our fun ideas in the Sierras was that someone should kidnap
:Dershowitz, torture him for 5 days, release the tape of his various
:"confessions," and then dump his body in front of the Supreme Court.)
:Fuck America. Fuck it dead.
Yikes.  If only you were fundamentalist, the package would be complete and
ready to go.
Between all the criminals vs crime-stoppers in the world, not to mention all
the acronyms used to identify them, I'm getting confused as to who is what
and who to run from.
Jamesd, can you straighten this out?
  ..

@_date: 2001-11-21 21:09:10
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: The Crypto-Financial Paradox 
From R. A. Hettinga:
:So, as has ever been the case, whoever builds a robust,
:instantly-settled, identity-independent, internet-ubiquitous
:transaction mechanism that actually works in production for assets
:people want to trade in large quantity is going to do quite well for
:themselves by saving the entire economy a whole lot of money, and not
:just people suffering from the depredations of an increasingly
:powerful nation-state.
But sometimes it seems like it will be a Cold Day in Hell before that
(Ryan, would you make this your next project?
  We'd all appreciate it *ever* so much.)
  ..

@_date: 2001-11-22 19:32:38
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? 
:The Taliban was not a spontaneous internal phenomemom, not a
:response to an outcry for law and order.  There were
:repeated, massive, and bloody efforts by foreign powers,
:primarily Pakistan, to "assist" the aghans in achieving law
:and order, and the Taliban is only the most recent, and most
:bloody, of these.
:Far from reflecting a spontaneous desire for government, law
:and order, these various wannabe governments found it
:necessary to devastate and depopulate vast areas that they
:were unable to govern.
Well, of course I was speaking metaphorically, drawing a parallel with
having a tyrannical, repressive group "governing" a population - regardless
of how that group came into their position.
And of course, it must be distinguished between what those who fight to be
in positions of power imagine for themselves vs what those who will be
subjected to that power, imagine when they consider it.  And it must be
distinguished between what people in the U.S. (or in the 'free world')
imagine when they wish for law and order, vs what a religious,
fundamentalist group will imagine.
As libertarian/anarchistic types are aware, what people want when they call
for the establishment, or re-establishment, of 'law and order', is a return
to a definite situation where they can calculate the causes & effects of
human actions more predictably, with fewer nasty surprises, less uncertainty
in the outcome, greater expectations of positive and pleasant interaction
with others, and no intrusions into their monotony (joke).  This doesn't
necessarily mean that they spontaneously want a government, but that they
want the activities of life to proceed in a "governed" manner (and they
never expect that it will be themselves who will be among the governed -
only the bad guys will be caused to suffer it).  Having an institution
called "government" is the only thing that most can imagine in order to
achieve and maintain such a situation.
(As we know, the problem with these governing institutions is that, instead
of exercising a control over error, all liberty of action is reigned in, to
eliminate any kind of disturbance which they are unable to deal with, given
their scope of comprehension and competence).
  ..

@_date: 2001-11-22 00:37:50
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? 
From Tim May:
:I hope they try to illegalize such books. It will radicalize more
:people, and maybe hasten the day when festering holes like Washington,
:D.C. are annihilated.
But what I anticipate would happen at that point is another Afghanistan,
with ten thousand bloomin' territories full of prickly warring tribes and
war lords.
The first thing which happens after a power vaccuum is created is that
another group steps in to "establish law and order", with the acceptance,
support, and relief of the majority (coincidentally, right now it feels like
the Taliban is growing on these shores).
History repeats itself.  What would prevent it from doing so again?
  ..

@_date: 2001-12-20 10:12:19
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: CNN.com on Remailers 
From Sunder:
"Certainly power does corrupt, but you've got to think that at one point in
their lives before they became G men, they had it in mind that they were
doing something good and wholesome in working for Uncle Sam, and
protecting Americans and the American Way of Life (as defined by the
Declaration of Independance, the Bill of Rights, etc.)"
They may have had noble motivations and ends in mind, but there are
Just because they have sworn to obey and protect doesn't mean they read or
actually understood the Declaration, the Constitution, or the Bills.  Even
if they had Goodness For All in mind when they took up their public roles,
it doesn't mean that they would know how these ideas look in action, what
the right methods are of applying these principles.  They may only have a
vague idea of the reason for these documents' creation, of the events
surrounding them, or of the reasons and cause for the creation of this new
These things, and the concepts in these documents, are not well studied in
public schools, and when 'G men' and such others take up their jobs, they
are not required to study them thoroughly or demonstrate an understanding of
their meaning.  Furthermore, there are other influences at work in the minds
of people which can affect their translation of these documents - influences
like religions which motivate & convince individuals to go beyond the
politically allowed boundaries in order to try to make people become "good"
against their will, or like philosophies which would provide an
interpretation of "propriety" that is counter to what is in these founding
documents (as in the pursuit personal happiness).  When philosophies and
religions (not to mention mental limitations like those exhibited by
you-know-who) clash with the political philosophy in the Constitution, and
especially when none of these things are well examined, but only vaguely
held, there is bound to result all sorts of contradictory distortions in the
applications of the lofty ideals.
You would think it should be a simple thing to leave others alone and make a
valid stand against injustice, but the problems of haphazard education, the
lack of serious consideration of these ideals, as well as the other elements
mentioned, create complexity and inconsistencies, as well as disrespect,
which are difficult to overcome even with the guidance from Wise Men of Old.
And nothing can replace an active intelligence and educated sensitivity,
important ingredients for maintaining reality in the present, even in a
"free" world full of program manuals from the past.
  ..

@_date: 2001-12-19 03:11:12
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Wired on e-gold 
Criminals love privacy, they love anonymity. With most people, if they have
nothing to hide, they don't hide it. Therefore the wearing of opaque
clothing will now be prohibited - anyone wearing thick socks or covering
their head will be severely beaten.
Few customers use anonymity services for positive purposes, to protect their
privacy while engaging in legitimate activities.  From now on all business
activities will be audited daily - have all your records ready and available
for inspection by end of day, or your business will be shut down and you
will be put in a dank, dark jail hole for an indefinite time.
Only paranoids and extremists will adopt anonymity technologies without
nefarious purposes in mind.  And we do not tolerate dissenting opinions,
remarks, jokes, or snide commentary - anyone caught criticizing or laughing
at us will be taken to the soccer field and whipped with a wire cable.
Anyone proposing to offer new services for privacy and anonymity should
expect to be tortured, have their eyes cut out, and perhaps shot, depending
on our mood.
Have a nice day.
Nomen Ministry for the Suppression of Vice and the Promotion of Virtue

@_date: 2002-01-06 07:05:00
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: Another Movie of Some Cpunk Interest 
I was just reading through the John Locke Foundation web site,
 (and I'm suitably impressed with what I've read
there, their approach to things is quite respectable), that Orson Scott
Card's sci-fi novel "Ender's Game" is being made into a movie (no info on
when it might be out).
[I liked the story alright, except for the disappointing end:  apparently
all that superior intelligence and strategy and toil & trouble was all on
account of . . . big bugs.  Not a very seriously realistic reason or
challenge, in my mind, to warrant all the mystery of the effort.
Oh, well.  Maybe the special effects will be entertaining, and with a bag of
popcorn for additional enjoyment it will be worth the matinee price. :) ]
  ..

@_date: 2002-01-07 00:59:58
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
From Faustine's quote of The Mask of Sanity:
Interspersed in Cleckley's vivid clinical descriptions are phrases such as
"shrewdness and agility of mind," "talks entertainingly," and "exceptional
charm" . . .
Well, Tim, 2 out of 3 isn't bad.
Or - wooops - maybe this is about Detweiler . . .
  ..

@_date: 2002-01-18 04:53:09
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Responsibility. 
From Aimee Farr:
I would think SOMEBODY can at least make the effort to say something when
violent sentiments are expressed.
You can.  Go ahead.
  ..

@_date: 2002-02-17 08:52:27
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: "the cancer stage of capitalism" 
From We-Know-Who, in his Russky disguise:
: capitalism as a cancerous growth... would
: be interested to hear any reactions...
: maybe this is the wrong crowd :p
: The author at the above link states:
"Society's real system of self-defence, its public health process, is in
this way deprived of its proper resources and functions."
The way he phrases himself right from the beginning, is all I need to read
to know that he identifies himself, and everyone he can imagine, as
"Society" and expects that what anyone achieves or produces belongs to
everyone by default.  There is no "I" or "you", there is only "us" and "we",
for we are all one, and your resources are my resources, su casa mi casa,
deliver my daily bread or I'll send the gendarmes over to torture or kill
you for not sharing your stuff when I need it.
Consequentially, all your base, too, are belong to us.
  ..

@_date: 2002-02-23 06:33:17
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Was Pearl Sacrificed by the Patriotic WSJ? 
From John Young:
: On January 23, 2002, Daniel Pearl went to a meeting
: arranged to investigate Richard Reid and was kidnapped.
: The kidnappers claimed Pearl was an intelligence agent;
: the Journal has denied it.
I heard on the radio that in the video of Daniel Pearl he was seen speaking,
apparently saying something like "I am Jewish" or "my wife" or "father" -
something like that, a relative - is Jewish, at which point someone grabbed
and killed him.  From this it seems it might have been his Jewishness, why
one of his captors became disturbed and immediately attacked him.
  ..

@_date: 2002-03-04 07:39:14
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Don't panic the New Yorker sheeple, glowing soon 
While you're holed up in your own home-grown survivalist bunker, you could
watch a movie I just saw made in 1982:  Wrong is Right, with Sean Connery
playing a television global news reporter.  It is a satire but is amazingly
familiar-looking in today's context; involves news reporting, oil in Arabia,
self-destroying fundamentalist terrorists, suitcase nuke bombs planted in
NYC.  Available at Blockbuster.
  ..

@_date: 2002-05-02 08:49:52
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: "No Fly List" abuse by U.S. Government 
From Tim:
: These kids and activists were by no stretch of the imagination likely to
: be carrying hijacking tools...and even if they were suspected to be
: doing so, physical searches would resolve the issue.
: Fuck these fascists. Fuck them dead.Fuck them all dead.  Fuck Washington
: with a 50 MT nuke, built from Progressive plans.
I heard the other day on "Politically Incorrect" that this blind old man was
pulled aside before boarding and given the full Potential Terrorist
treatment.  It was Ray Charles.
But this is actually good, right, because it will contribute toward moving
the nation to its breaking point?
  ..

@_date: 2002-07-29 17:04:27
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: crime control before it happens: thought control 
Quoth Major Variola:
Like, while in training by the CIA . . .
  ..

@_date: 2002-07-03 02:30:33
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
Duncan Frissell said:
By forcing Americans to turn in
their gold before devaluation, the Feds got more gold for less money.
But:  the individual common folk couldn't be forced to turn in their gold if
the govmt didn't know they had any, right, since gold wasn't/isn't
trackable.  So it would only have been highly visible commercial entities
who couldn't refuse?
  ..

@_date: 2002-09-21 15:32:04
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: Random Privacy 
Said Greg Vassie:
Heh-heh:  the author must be lying.
  ..

@_date: 2002-09-21 09:16:38
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: Random Privacy 
Interesting little article from
How old are you? How much do you earn?
What would you answer if asked asked these questions at website when you
were buying your next TV or ordering groceries online? A lot of us would
lie, and for a very good reason - to protect our privacy.
But the companies posing these questions also think they have a good reason.
Information about customer profiles is becoming increasingly important in
business, both for marketing and for development and improvement of
"Right now, the rate of falsification on Web surveys is extremely high,"
says Dr Ann Coavoukian, the commissioner of information and privacy in
Ontario, U.S.A. "People are lying and vendors don't know what is false [or
what is] accurate, so the information is useless."
But researchers at IBM think they have the solution. They have developed an
ingenious method to protect our privacy, while still giving companies the
information they crave.
[. . .]
  ..

@_date: 2002-11-24 12:18:02
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: TIA presentation 
How sort of amusing it is to read this, from the site:  "It is not
sufficient that we put the pieces together after the fact, it is essential
that we understand terrorist plans ahead of time so that we may prevent or
Yet how many times have I heard & read in the news, sometime after an
earth-shaking criminal event, of the warnings received, alarm notices given,
or notice taken of strangely suspicious activities which preceded and
foretold of the upcoming event. It often seems that advance notice has been
practically dropped in the lap of those who were in position to deal with
it.  Yet the ones receiving these info bits were not able to process the
data so as to realize there was something heinous and destructive in the
works. Or if they were able to grok these data bits, they could not get
others in the defense business to make the connection, to take the items
seriously enough to follow up on them, or to be able to select, out of the
mountains of data they already receive, the ones of impending significance.
"DARPA is in a position to take high risks and think boldly about what can
be done to solve this national problem."
To expect that crime will be prevented or preempted ahead of time by people
who are not able to grok the meaning of what they get?  It cannot be the
computer base, which needs a monumental overhaul of its "cognitive
amplification functions".  It seems that some problems are too easy when it
only requires simple real-time connectivity, and too easy to miss - but if
they are made to appear harder, requiring "boldness" (courage) and "high
risk" (responsibility), then certain official organizations can be made to
appear to be attending to, now, what they did not/could not, before.  And
still they continue to place exceeding dependence upon the machine.
It also does seem that someone is creating the opportunity for a
"monumental" position for themselves, laying the ground work for a hierarchy
of personal control and self-aggrandizing importance.
  ..

@_date: 2003-02-05 02:38:42
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: The Statism Meme 
Harmon Seaver said:
It was Duncan, said this.
As for half-assed libertarians, well, they're left to their own devices.
But I expect you'd be twisting in the wind just the same.
  ..

@_date: 2003-02-04 20:50:12
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: The Statism Meme 
Eugen Leitl replies:
Thanks, Eugen.  This makes me feel better.  On emigration choices, I guess
one could just take a pick of whether they wish to be more, or less, f****d.
  ..

@_date: 2003-02-04 20:50:12
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: RE: The Statism Meme 
Eugen Leitl replies:
Thanks, Eugen.  This makes me feel better.  On emigration choices, I guess
one could just take a pick of whether they wish to be more, or less, f****d.
  ..

@_date: 2003-07-14 05:01:09
@_author: blancw@cnw.com 
@_subject: Message from JimBob 
Jim would like everyone to read this newest version of his lawsuit, at:
Word Perfect version:   ..
