
@_date: 2014-07-23 15:10:18
@_author: Bluelotus 
@_subject: Re: Alleged IOS backdoors 
Dpnt have to go back as far as 1990's. This month, I purchased a Palm Treo 705p, released in 2006. External antenna, superior voice quality and qwerty keyboard.  WebOS doesnt capture MAC addresses of nearby wifi devices like iphones, ipads, android and Windows do. No FM radio to hack air gapped computers.  For articles see my submit history on reddit.com under user nme BadBIOSvictim.
Verizon does not activate older phones. PagePlusCellular.com does.
My other phone is a Palm Pre2 for the above reasons. Released in 2011.

@_date: 2014-07-16 11:19:47
@_author: Bluelotus 
@_subject: BadBIOS forensics 
I am donating BadBIOS infected laptops, flashdrives, tampered live fedora CD, infected personal files (plain text files, MP3, PDF, jpg, tiff, doc), infected external DVD writer, etc. to any one interested in conducting forensics. I wrote threads on my limited ability to perform forensics in /r/badBIOS subreddit of reddit.com. My other threads are in other subreddits. Look at my submit history.
My laptops were indicted, infected and implanted.

@_date: 2014-08-29 15:50:25
@_author: PG&E 
@_subject: Update on interdiction, secret GSM 
I purchased the latest smartphone with a slider qwerty keyboard. A Motorola Droid 4 with CM11 and a T5 torx screwdriver from Ebay. The two T5 screws to the battery ribbon cable had been glued. I discarded the Nook Tablet with CM 10 arrived DOA. I could not go past the CM welcome screen. Tablet wouldn't shut down or reboot. I returned it to the MIPS tablet  didn't charge via USB port, was missing file manager, Adobe Reader, Skype and app installer, would not mount my SD card and bricked my 16 GB SD card. I tried to use tablet  micro USB port to copy my personal files but tablet's USB port would not function.
MIPS tablet  did charge via USB port, was missing app installer but had file manager, Adobe Reader, Skype and two games whereas tablet  did not have any games, mounted my SD card but bricked my 8 GB SD card. I was able to copy my personal files using the tablet's micro USB port.
aLogcat logs disclose secret GSM in MIPS tablet Hours after posting the above thread yesterday, my MIPS tablet  was stolen from my room.
Were my laptops implanted with GSM and infected with firmware rootkits when they were interdicted? I had assumed FM radio transceiver/beacon implants or badBIOS.
Many of the linux /var/logs I was denied permission to read even though I had logged into the graphical desktop on my laptops. A few of the manager. Had the firmware rootkits not tampered with the /var/logs, GSM may have been reported in the logs.
Military contractors getting special access to surveillance programs.
Greenpeace loses lawsuit over being hacked by former NSA hackers hired by private investigators hired by corporation
"Last year, California’s Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) was required after an investigation to pay $390,000 to the state’s General Fund after it was discovered that they were spying on anti-smart meter activist groups."

@_date: 2014-08-17 13:53:13
@_author: TIDE 
@_subject: Re: fun games against skilled adversaries [was: shipment interdiction [was: BadBIOS forensics]] 
"high power corporate conflicts" include litigation, defense law firms and private investigators.
My theory is that the categories blend into each other. Former CIA, FBI, NSA, Homeland Security and law enforcement employees can immediately qualified for a private investigator license. They retain their government contacts. Do corporations, defense law firms and/or private investigators request NSA and/or Joint Threat Research Intelligence Group to place their targets on their watch lists? Free hacking and surveillance paid by taxpayers.
"Both the Obama and Bush administrations have refused to disclose the criteria for adding a name to one of its terrorist watch lists."
"It broadens the authority of government officials to “nominate” people to the watchlists based on what is vaguely described as “fragmentary Glenn Greenwald had promised to provide a list of names of people on National Counterterrorism Center's watch list. If my name was on the list, that would confirm my theory. Glenn Greenwald released numbers but not names. If names are ever released, I will provide an update:
"According a report by the Intercept, of the 680,000 people on the terrorist watchlist, the government classifies some 40 percent as having “no recognized terrorist group affiliation.” In other words, the federal government tracks some 280,000 people without any proven links to The government also keeps another database, and it takes even less suspicion to get a person place on it and under the gaze of federal snoops. According to the Intercept, most people on the watchlist start out on a classified list know as the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment (TIDE).
The TIDE database actually allows for targeting people based on far less evidence than the already lax standards used for placing people on the watchlist. A more expansive—and invasive—database, TIDE’s information is shared across the U.S. intelligence community, as well as with commando units from the Special Operations Command and with domestic agencies such as the New York City Police Department.
According to the released documents, the feds monitor 320,000 additional people under the larger TIDE database. That puts the number of individuals on under the government microscope at over 1 million. The Intercept reports that as of the Summer of 2013, the watchlist included 5,000 Americans, with another 15,800 targeted in TIDE."

@_date: 2014-08-17 13:14:27
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [liberationtech] New Citizen Lab report 
Thank you coderman for the articles. They provide rare evidence that private investigators purchase and use spyware:
"Both Hacking Team and FinFisher claim that they only sell to governments, but recently leaked documents appear to show that FinFisher has sold to at least one private security company." "Customer email addresses in the collection appeared to belong to a German surveillance company,"

@_date: 2014-08-16 20:19:10
@_author: NCISS 
@_subject: Re: shipment interdiction [was: BadBIOS forensics] 
Bryan Starbuck, I apologize for the delay in anwering your question. Your suggestion of keeping profiles is excellent. You are probably familiar with nonprofits being surveilled, harassed and hacked by former NSA trained hackers.
“We know this company has subcontracted with a company called NetSafe, which is a company of former NSA officials skilled in hacking and things like that,” says Greenpeace researcher Charlie Cray, referring to a case in which Greenpeace has filed a lawsuit against Dow Chemical for its alleged spying activities."
Before the above article was written, I wrote a discussion thread on this. Readers are reluctant to concede that abusers hire private investigators who hire hackers.
Yes, you are correct I am an USA citizen. I was a plaintiff in a ten year long lawsuit.
It is common practice for defense law firms to retain private investigators. Private investigators surveil and
harass plaintiffs. In prior years, private investigators would hire apprentices to break in, steal documents and
return documents. Former law enforcement are qualified to obtain a private investigator license. Those without law
enforcement background are required to work for a private investigator as an apprentice for private investigators a
minimum of two years to qualify for a state license.
Hiring apprentices is a huge profit maker. Private investigators require retainer fees paid in advance. Their
retainer agreement, if offered, do not itemize apprentice fees, and do not promise itemized invoices. PIs charge
their hourly rate but have apprentices, with little or no training, perform the work. This is somewhat equivalent
to law firms charging attorney fees for work paralegals perform.
"Licensing requirements for private investigators vary from state to state. In some they are required to be
licensed at the municipal level. In others they need a permit in order to carry a firearm. According to the Bureau
of Labor Statistics, no licenses specifically sanctioning computer-forensics investigation exist, although some
states require this type of investigator to obtain a PI license. A number of states don't require licenses for private investigators at all." Why would states even consider requiring a PI license for computer forensics investigation? Why not just a computer science degree? States do not have any educational requirements for licensing PIs. A high school drop out without any computer science classes can be licensed for computer forensics investigation merely by apprenticing for two years. Computer experience is not required during the two year apprenticeship.
Obviously, private investigators lobbied states to require a PI license for computer forensics. Is a PI license for computer forensics a cover to conceal their hacking?
Defense firms would list the stolen and replaced documents in a Request for Production of Documents. Thereby, the produced documents could be introduced as evidence.
In these high tech times,private investigators hire black hat hackers who are adept at picking locks, gaining physical access to computers and external hard drives and disassemblying, implanting and infecting Hackers hack plaintiffs' computers and smartphones in real time. Also plaintiffs' families and other contacts' computers and smartphones. Hackers actively impede plaintiffs from working on litigation and working on everything else.
There is a huge cover up of private investigators' conduct. They have an active lobby. They lobbied for exemption of any statutes limiting drones. "National Council of Investigation and Security Services (NCISS), an association of PIs and security guards that monitors privacy-related laws and promotes ethical conduct within its industry, go to Capitol Hill every year to lobby Congress, ensuring that it does not inadvertently restrict access to data or equipment."
  The federal government, who hires private investigator firms to develop social media sock puppets, protected them.
My case is atypical. It was not the defendant's law firm that hired private investigators. The defendant himself hired private investigators who hired hackers. Who he hired are top notch professionals. The type that law firms would hire and refer to other law firms and defendants. The defendant acted on very good referrals.
Update including two case numbers on interdiction of MIPS tablet is at:

@_date: 2014-08-16 01:54:56
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Interdiction of MIPS tablet 
Shawn Quinn, you are correct. I apologize for only giving the UPS information. Copying the tracking number 	92748999964015553004467996 in a search engine didn't bring up UPS. It brought up USPS.
I never heard of UPS Mail Innovations before. Similar to FedEx Smart. UPS is the initial shipper and transfers the package to USPS.
Entering the tracking number in UPS.com brought up more information. The URL is  If this does not bring up the tracking info, enter 92748999964015553004467996
I purchased the media card reader on August 8, 2014. Shipper shipped it from Texas on August 12, 2014. Appears to have arrived in Nashville, TN yesterday. Yet, won't be delivered until Wednesday:
Projected Delivery Date: 08/20/2014
I am visiting Nashville. I wasn't planning on staying that long.
Also on August 8, I ordered an external battery pack for the Nook tablet and MIPS tablet. I wanted to follow Ed Jamison's advice in Dragos Ruiu's Google+ on using external batteries to prevent powerline hacking.
I changed my address from Sarasota, FL to Nashville, TN. However, my address was mysteriously changed back to Sarasota, FL. I complained to Ebay that Ebay's and PayPal's purchase confirmation should contain the shipping address. It doesn't. It was not until the seller emailed the tracking number that I saw the shipping address. I promptly notified the seller of the correct address. Seller confirmed correcting address.
Today, package arrived in Sarasota, FL:

@_date: 2014-08-14 01:31:39
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Shipment Interdiction 
The package was not interdicted to Sarasota, Florida. It was interdicted from Sarasota, Florida. Three times! Where is it now?
I purchased a Toshiba Portege R205 from an Ebay seller. I needed an ultraportable laptop pre2008 as explained in:
I commuted 11 hours to Sarasota, Florida to personally pick up the laptop. Prior computers I purchased from Ebay and retailers were indicted, implanted and infected. See That night, I disassembled, air gapped, reassembled my laptop. I glued four screws on the back to attempt to prevent it from being disassembled and implanted. That night, hackers broke into my hotel room while I was sleeping. They drilled out the glued screws, implanted, physically damaged the keyboard and infected.
On Saturday, July 19, 2014, I dropped off my Toshiba, along with an interdicted and tampered Fedora CD, infected flashdrive and an infected raspberry pi to a FedEx authorized reseller in downtown Sarasota.
FedEx's policy is not to notify the shipper and the recipient of the I asked Michael how recipients are allowed to change the address without the consent or knowledge of the shipper. I explained that when I was the recipient and wanted to change the address, FedEx instructed me to ask the shipper to change the address. Michael explained that I had not placed restrictions on my account to prevent the shipping address from being redirected. Michael instructed me to ask the Revenue Department to do so.
I asked an employee for the number of the Revenue Department. Employee refused to look up the number and misrepresented the Revenue Department did not have a direct phone number. Instead, the employee transferred The Revenue Department employee did not know their direct phone number. I hung up. I called back 800-463-3339 and again asked for the Revenue Department's telephone number. I was finally given 800-622-1147.
I asked an employee in the Revenue Department to transfer me to a supervisor. However, I was transferred to Bobby in Customers Relations. I asked Bobby to transfer me to a supervisor in the Revenue Department. Bobby misrepresented that she is a supervisor in the Revenue Department. I asked Bobbie for her contact information in the event that I needed to contact her again. Bobbie misrepresented her contact information is BRIFTOC. Bobby failed to give her ID number.
I asked Bobby why I was not offered restriction options when I set up my account. Nor was I notified of restrictions options there after until today. Bobby did not give an answer. I asked Bobby to place restrictions on my account prohibiting redirecting the shipping address without my knowledge and consent.
I asked Bobby to escalate my complaint. Bobby wanted me to write a letter to FedEx. There is no point spending the time and money on my prepaid phone to call Fedex, if I have to write a letter, print it out and mail it. I insisted Bobby write up a complaint. Bobby did not give me a case number. I asked Bobby to email or fax the complaint to me. Bobby said she could not email or fax.
Interdiction Michael informed me that morning the package was being returned to me because the recipient had not picked it up at the FedEx location in Beaverton, Oregon.
The hackers' timing was perfect. Since I am being hacked in real time, the hackers knew that I logged into my FedEx account. FedEx holds packages for pick up for five business days. Yet, FedEx held the package much longer. All of a sudden, FedEx is returning it to shipper. I had departed Sarasota, FL. Returning it to Sarasota, FL would have placed the package at risk.
FedEx should notify shippers and recipients before packages are being returned to shipper.
Michael promised to have the package delivered to the initial address. Michael left a voicemail confirming that the package was being redirected to the initial address.
Interdiction I did not know Coderman's phone number so I gave my phone number on the ground shipping label. On August 5, 2014, I received an automated voicemail that the package will be delivered tomorrow, that a signature is required and a recommendation to chose the option hold for pick up.
I had not requested a signature. Nor did the tracking information display that a signature was required. A signature requirement can be used as an alibi to return a package to the shipper if the recipient is not home and does not make arrangements to sign for the package.
I tried to reach Bobby but Carolyn ID 921550 did not even try to transfer me to Bobby. Customer Relations' direct telephone number should be given to customers. Supervisors should be able to give out extension Instead Carolyn transferred me to a female employee in El Paso. It took her a while to read the notes on my account to find out who Bobby is. Bobby had left for the day. I asked to speak to a supervisor. She told me supervisors left for the day. I asked what the supervisors' hours are. She refused to tell me. She told me a signature was not required.
Interdiction She informed me the package was being returned to FedEx Office in Beaverton, Oregon.
Again, I asked to speak to a supervisor. She transferred me to Carlos ID 892831. Carlos confirmed that signature was not required and that package was being returned to FedEx Office in Beaverton, Oregon. Carlos could not explain why the package was redirected again to FedEx Office. I asked how the redirections were being requested. Carlos explained the recipient went on FedEx's website. I argued that the recipient had not requested redirections. Carlos argued no one else would know the tracking number and recipient's contact information. I requested an investigation on the identity of the person performing the redirections.
I asked Carlos how the shipment was again redirected without my knowledge or consent. I explained to Carlos that Bobby had placed restrictions on my account prohibiting redirection. Carlos explained that Bobby does not place restrictions on accounts. That Bobby could only forward my request for restrictions.
I should never have been transferred to Bobby. when I argued with Bobby that she was not the appropriate employee to be transferred to, Bobby should have transferred me to an employee who can place restrictions. I complained to Carlos that shippers and recipients should be notified when shipments are redirected.
The next day, August 6, 2014, I received email notification that the package was delivered to FedEx Office in Beaverton, OR. I asked to speak to Bobbie, Michael and Carlos. They were not available. An employee told me the package was delivered to the initial address.
Was it? I emailed Coderman several times and am waiting for his reply.
FedEx should have a fax number or an email address to forward complaints to. Instead, FedEx merely offers an online form to fill out. The form has a size restriction. I could not copy and paste this complaint into its form. On August 6, 2014, I mailed a complaint requesting FedEx to email or fax their investigation, confirmation that restrictions has been placed on my account and to waive the shipping fee. To date, FedEx has not responded.

@_date: 2014-08-16 01:30:53
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Interdiction of MIPS tablet 
Thanks for the compliment. Sorry your tech packages have been My only witty thread:

@_date: 2014-08-15 21:30:59
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Interdiction of MIPS tablet 
Last week, I purchased a MIPS tablet on ebay and a rooted Nooks Tablet with CyanogenMod. Nooks was shipped priority mail and arrived yesterday.
Nooks tablet:
tracking info:
MIPS tablet was shipped FedEx Smart Post. It was interdicted and being returned to shipper:
MIPS tablet:
tracking info:
"Delivery exception" "Returning package to shipper. Incorrect address, unable to deliver - Returning package to shipper - Please contact shipper/merchant for details"
I purchased a Nooks tablet solely because its OMAP4 CPU has mask ROM.
I purchased a MIPS tablet hoping BadBIOS doesn't infect MIPS and because MIPS hardware assisted virtualization is not as developed as ARM's Trustzone and Mobicore. I don't trust HAV.
I wish local retailers sold them so I could have purchased them in I ordered a T5 Torx screwdriver to remove the screws in the Nook so I can air gap it. If the screws are glued, I will promptly sell or donate Another item that was apparently interdicted is  media card reader.
I purchased it on 8/8/2014. Yet, post office does not give tracking Hackers have repeatedly stolen my media card readers, opened up and broken my media card readers and broke the write protection switch on three Digital Intelligence media card write blockers. They attempt to force me to use flashdrives. They haven't broken the write protection switch on my Kanguru flashblu write blocker. For some reason, flashdrives are easier to flash firmware or infect than micro SD cards.

@_date: 2014-09-25 22:18:44
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Offering free firmware rootkits perhaps even badBIOS 
Want firmware rootkits, probably more sophisticated than FinFisher's, probably BadBiOS, emailed to you?
Hidden .mp3 and ID3 tag embedded in .exif in photos I took. Clicking on the photos does not produce audible sound. Is audio ultrasound?
JavaScript block, multiple objects, multiple stream objects, OpenAction and JFIF in documents that I scanned into PDF.
Malware hiding in revisions, OLE2 streams and null characters after the end of file of doc files I had created. Null characters after the end of file of tiff files.
I removed ID3 tags from music. Hackers concealed reinserting ID3 tags.

@_date: 2014-10-11 01:20:08
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Corporate undercover nation-state agents 
"But the briefing document suggests another category of employees—ones who are secretly working for the NSA without anyone else being aware. This kind of double game, in which the NSA works with and against its corporate partners, already characterizes some of the agency’s work, in which information or concessions that it desires are surreptitiously acquired if corporations will not voluntarily comply. The reference to “under cover” agents jumped out at two security experts who reviewed the NSA documents for The Intercept.
“That one bullet point, it’s really strange,” said Matthew Green, a cryptographer at Johns Hopkins University. “I don’t know how to interpret it.” He added that the cryptography community in America would be surprised and upset if it were the case that “people are inside [an American] company covertly communicating with NSA and they are not known to the company or to their fellow employees.”
The ACLU’s Soghoian said technology executives are already deeply concerned about the prospect of clandestine agents on the payroll to gain access to highly sensitive data, including encryption keys, that could make the NSA’s work “a lot easier.”
“As more and more communications become encrypted, the attraction for intelligence agencies of stealing an encryption key becomes irresistible,” he said. “It’s such a juicy target.”

@_date: 2014-10-14 23:22:46
@_author: a pad/laptop 
@_subject: Re: Crypto mechanics in ios8 and android L 
How would tethering a tablet or laptop to a smartphone be more private than directly using the smartphone?
Do tablets have a secret baseband?
How to drive a phone's sms over it's usb port?

@_date: 2014-11-12 22:29:04
@_author: Phone 
@_subject: Re: RedPhone Removed from Google Play Store 
Cathal, thank you for pointing out the hypocrisy of privacy app developers not making their apps available without a Google account. I too refuse to have a Google account so cannot use Google Play.
Thanks for making TextSecure available to non Google account holders. Where can TextSecure be downloaded?

@_date: 2014-12-26 02:37:14
@_author: Bluelotus 
@_subject: Change of email address 
Could please change my email address from bluelotus to badbiosvictim Thank you.

@_date: 2014-12-29 23:10:40
@_author: i.e. government, DoD, Industry partners 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: 78716A 
Could you please post your FOIA and the address you mailed it to? I am interested in filing a FOIA on NSA. Thanks.
