
@_date: 2002-01-31 17:21:28
@_author: Brian McWilliams 
@_subject: Re: FBI Raid Silences Teen Anarchist's Site 
18 U.S.C. ' 842(p)(2)
Distribution of Information Relating to Explosives, Destructive Devices, and Weapons of Mass Destruction.

@_date: 2002-01-31 16:55:07
@_author: Brian McWilliams 
@_subject: FBI Raid Silences Teen Anarchist's Site 
FBI Raid Silences Teen Anarchist's Site
SHERMAN OAKS, CALIFORNIA, U.S.A.,
31 Jan 2002, 12:15 AM CST
In a case that may test limits on Internet free speech in the wake of Sept. 11, armed federal agents last week raided the home of a Los Angeles teenager suspected of hacking into several Web sites to post anarchist messages and using his own site, Raisethefist.com, to publish bomb-making Sherman Martin Austin, 18, is believed to have violated federal computer fraud and abuse laws, as well as statutes prohibiting the distribution of bomb-making information, according to an FBI affidavit.
FBI agents conducted the raid on the afternoon of Jan. 24 at the Sherman Oaks residence owned by Austin's mother after receiving a federal warrant. The agents seized several computers and documents, according to an FBI In an interview Wednesday, Austin told Newsbytes he was interrogated for more than six hours but has not yet been charged with any crimes.
[snip]

@_date: 2002-02-07 15:16:26
@_author: Brian McWilliams 
@_subject: Teen Anarchist's Supporters Accuse FBI Of AIM Hack 
FYI ...
Teen Anarchist's Supporters Accuse FBI Of AIM Hack
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA, U.S.A.,
07 Feb 2002, 9:04 AM CST
The FBI declined to comment Wednesday on allegations that federal agents have commandeered online chat accounts belonging to the teen-aged operator of anti-government site Raisethefist.com.
However, the agency denies allegations that it has harassed associates of 18-year-old self-proclaimed anarchist Sherman Martin Austin.
According to several of Austin's supporters, someone has repeatedly logged into the self-proclaimed anarchist's accounts on America Online's AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) real-time chat service while he was in police custody.
Austin, a resident of Sherman Oaks, Calif., has been incarcerated in a high-security federal jail in Manhattan since Saturday on charges of disorderly conduct following a protest against the World Economic Forum in New York.
A friend listed on Austin's AIM Buddy List who identified himself only as "James" said he was threatened Monday by someone he suspects was an FBI agent using Austin's account. "He told me, 'Your ass is next, pal,'" James Laura Bosley, a spokesperson for the FBI's Los Angeles field office, declined to say whether the FBI would commandeer someone's AIM account as part of an investigation, citing its ongoing nature. But she said FBI agents would never harass associates of a suspect.

@_date: 2002-02-27 23:22:08
@_author: Brian McWilliams 
@_subject: Re: Michael Dell needs killfiling. 
FWIW, Michael Dell has apologized for the incident:
