
@_date: 2009-09-17 14:58:05
@_author: Brian Mearns 
@_subject: Re: "I Write Mass Surveillance Software" 
Well, I'm not entirely convinced that this guy is legit, or if he is
that his equipment is really as powerful as he implies. On the other
hand, I've only been casually studying cryptology for a few years, and
in that short time I've encountered more mind-blowing "you can do
that!?" moments than I can count on one hand (in binary).
Everyone knows that there are side channels in any system if not
properly and carefully implemented/operated. DNS lookups, search bar
suggestions, software update checks, etc., all have the potential for
subverting your privacy with Tor by not using the configured proxy
settings. Based on a bunch of the comments, I'm going to guess this
sort of thing (and probably many other equally simple but largely
non-obvious channels) are a big part of what he does (assuming he does
I think he (or someone else) also implied that traffic analysis is a
big part of it. This has been another one of those "holy crap!" fields
for me; the idea that an intelligent and diligent person can uncover a
significant amount of information from encrypted communications
without even breaking any of the encryption, is surprising but
apparently very realistic.
Lastly, I can't help but recall the early years of modern crypto, when
the public/academic sector was impossibly far behind the more
clandestine government/military sector. We like to think that this has
changed, but we can't really be sure, can we? I feel fairly
comfortable putting a good amount of stock in modern publicly
available cryptography, but then again I'm not doing too much that
could get me in trouble if I'm wrong, so it's not a high wager. My
point is that I personally wouldn't put it completely outside the
realm of possibility that a government agency has the capacity to just
straight up break modern public cryptography. I think the poster
pretty explicitly denied this, but then again, he would, wouldn't he?

@_date: 2009-09-17 19:59:17
@_author: Brian Mearns 
@_subject: Re: good troll, intelligence psyops, or the genuine article? you 
Could you explain what psyops refers to? Psychological operations? If
I understand correctly, you're suggesting that perhaps he/his
organization doesn't really have all the capabilities he implies, but
that they're trying to scare people away from using technologies they
can't beat?

@_date: 2009-09-23 14:01:07
@_author: Brian Mearns 
@_subject: Re: Random chaff [was: more work for Grobbages] 
So, if I understand this correctly, a correlation attack works (on a
very basic level) by noticing that Alice sent a message to Bob (a
known Tor node) at time X, and Dave (another known Tor node) sent a
message to Wally (a web server) at time X+e, where e is about how long
we would expect it to take for the onion to be routed. Is that more or
less the idea?
It seems like determining e (time to route the packet) with any degree
of precision would be pretty difficult, so is this really a big
problem? (or is that still being debated?) On the other hand, if an
attacker could monitor a good number of nodes, wouldn't it be fairly
easy to determine each three-node circuit segment (like Alice, to Bob,
to Charlie) and trace the whole thing end-to-end? It seems like this
could be defeated with a more intelligent type of "chaff", where the
receiving relay generates N random dummy onions (with an appreciable
circuit length) for each onion it receives, and then sends all N+1
into the network in a random order.
Then again, I may have completely missed the boat on this whole
correlation attack thing.

@_date: 2009-11-10 17:29:26
@_author: Brian Mearns 
@_subject: Re: Kaspersky wants to make Tor illegal and supports a globalized 
Agreed. You would think a man at the head of an Internet Security firm
would have a better understand of Internet vs. internet. His comment
about the Internet being "designed" illustrates to me that he doesn't
actually know much about the history of networking, and apparently
doesn't even have a good understanding of how ad-hoc these things
really are.
Anyway, like I said, I totally agree with your point. If The Internet
is restricted in such ridiculous ways as Kaspersky suggests, then
other internets will just spring up to replace it. Maybe to this end
we should all make an effort to establish de-centralized networks in
our own worlds: connect a few neighbors together with CAT5, or hell,
even RS232, and you've got a network. Connect one of these to the
neighbors on the next block, and you've got an internet. How about
Sneakernets? Onion routing by snail-mail and courier? Packet
transmission by encrypted email? The Internet grew out of nothing,
once, and that when network theory was only in its infancy. There's no
reason we couldn't go it again.
