
@_date: 2001-09-30 17:35:07
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: FC: Salon's David Talbot: "Democracy held hostage" 
Flight tickets, $17,000
Simulator lessons $40,000
Forcing the Great Satan to Get a Clue: Priceless
For sleeper agents, there's cash.
For everything else, there's Mastercard.

@_date: 2001-09-26 22:26:58
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside (Re: Smallpox?) 
NYC is extra special because of the high number of foreigners who died.
If you killed a random 6000 in kansas you wouldn't get the impact.
Getting international businesses in the former WTC is extra points too.
There's a bunch of guys with turbans and beards holding up white boards
5.8 6.0 5.9 5.9 5.8 on it somewhere.
Also because of the density, everyone is a few 'hops' ('degrees of
'erdos number') from someone who is affected.  That is, first you kill a
lot because
the 6000 were packed so dense, then on top of that you affect a lot more
'out of state' because
you've gotten the attentioin of the 1e7 in the city who have connections
You can get a first-person report from any of ten million (less 6000)

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:50:26
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: RE: Mind control: U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror 
Clue: your herders, the USG, wants to blow you up (if male between
Or if you have an alternate religion, pharmacist, number of spouses,
bankers, etc.
The USG wants to blow you up if you're palestinian and want your land
back.  The USG wants to blow you up if you're impeding the USG interests
inside your homeland.  The USG has become Britain of 200+ years ago.
Or Rome of 2000+.
With all the consequences.
So am I.
Well write it up in your thesis, or your report to your handlers.  How
'groups' do you monitor 'Ms. Aimee'?
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
  -- Henry Spencer

@_date: 2001-09-25 03:27:24
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: The Guillotine Is Not Obsolete 
So if we propose that maybe, after doing the requisite cratering, we
*do* leave the
arabs and the rest of them to their own family feuds, we're
How about if we propose executing the Saudi "kings" and making the
place a protectorate (letting their women drive cars for a change)?
Where does
that put us?  Can we get the Budweiser concession at Mecca, or do the
Czechs get that?
CivilEPunks: How many megatons would it take to extend the Mediterranean
to the Gulf?

@_date: 2001-09-25 00:21:15
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: 500 lb laser guided respect for your culture 
control to do because of its religion-infused rhetoric. The Pentagon on
Thursday backed away from the code name for its anti-terrorist
offensive, ``Operation Infinite Justice,'' for fear of offending
Heh, right now you could sell a lot of those (since withdrawn) Nikes
Allah's name accidentally in the tread. At least in the Homeland (tm)
they'd sell.
There's hardly enough lube-groove on a .223 round to hold enough
pig-grease to make a difference...
Maybe SpecOps gets hollowpoints...

@_date: 2001-09-24 15:25:25
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Larry Ellison's taste for little boys 
How about some of those Andre-the-giant OBEY posters with
Ellison's ugly visage postering SF?  Or just near Oracle campusses
and eateries.
"Terrorists are the only true avant-garde artists because they're the
only ones who are still capable of really surprising people."  ---Laurie

@_date: 2001-09-23 19:43:00
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: UK lameness, with apologies to Brown, Trei, etc. 
[On MI6 deep cover agents] They are the closest thing the intelligence
services have to
James Bond. They are even licensed to kill  but only in self-defence.
[ LOL.  Here in the states, we don't need a *license* to kill in self
defense.  You don't
ask permission for something that is your birthright. ]
A MASSIVE 85 per cent of British people want identity cards
introduced in the wake of the terrorist attacks on the United
States, it was revealed yesterday.
[ How about ear-tags?  There must be plenty left over from the UK
livestock industry... ]
[ Yes I know, the US will be there in a decade or two... ]

@_date: 2001-09-22 21:40:32
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: WTC Attack Benefits Long Beach Ca Police -Anarchists Giving Up 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please, if you're going to forward
content, take the minute or so required to ensure it's readable.  KMSelf]
    Anarchists Giving Up Legal Fight
    Court: Some charged in a riot plead no contest amid doubts they
    could get a fair hearing after the terrorist attacks. Others may go
    to trial.
    By LOUIS SAHAGUN, TIMES STAFF WRITER
    Last week's terrorism attacks on the East Coast have
    complicated--and, in some cases, derailed--the trials of dozens of
    anarchists arrested in a violent May Day confrontation with Long
    Beach police.
    The anarchists previously had been upbeat about their imminent
    trials, which they had hoped to turn into public forums for their
    radical political sentiments.
    Now, defense attorneys wonder if their 37 fiercely anti-capitalist
    clients can get a fair trial in Long Beach or anywhere else on such
    counts as riot, attempted riot, unlawful assembly, and conspiracy to
    commit a crime. Over the past week, six defendants who had promised
    to challenge police tactics instead have pleaded no contest or
    guilty to misdemeanor charges. More pleas are expected, according to
    deputy city prosecutor David Gordon.
    "When Sept. 11 occurred, they realized that no one would pay much
    attention to claims of police misconduct while hundreds of officers
    lay buried in rubble in New York," he said. "I think that by early
    November there will be but a handful of hard cores left wanting to
    go to trial."
    Until last week, the demonstrators had predicted exoneration,
    claiming they were victims of police brutality. Beyond that, they
    stressed that identification would be difficult because all of them
    had been wearing masks and black clothes in downtown Long Beach
    during the May 1 rally decrying corporate greed. In addition, they
    pointed to a federal judge's recent ruling that questioned the
    validity of a city law requiring 30 days' notice for a public
    demonstration.
    Now such optimism has vanished, according to one prospective expert
    witness for the defense, Larry George, a professor of political
    science at Cal State Long Beach.
    "The tragic events," George said, "may well have changed the
    background climate to the point where the defendants would be
    identified as enemies of the state and perpetrators of violence."
    About 95 people, mainly teenagers and young adults from Southern
    California, were arrested during the protest that erupted into a
    running street brawl with police in riot gear. At least a dozen
    demonstrators were injured, and many more reportedly suffered
    scrapes and bruises. Police said their officers escaped serious
    injuries, but some were bruised and cut by thrown rocks and
    grappling with demonstrators.
    To avoid sapping the city's legal resources if all the defendants
    were tried simultaneously in one courtroom, authorities divided them
    into small groups to be tried separately and appointed publicly
    financed defense attorneys.
    Long before the East Coast terrorism, 23 of those arrested in the
    demonstration were sentenced to probation and time served under plea
    bargains offered to them by city prosecutors. In addition, more than
    two dozen juveniles were released and most had the charges dropped.
    Two other adults are awaiting trial on felony assault charges. As of
    Friday, 31 more were each facing six misdemeanor charges.
    The first two defendants to go to trial were Louise Emily Van Der
    Laan, 19, and Yutaka Bazil Yokoyama, 31, both of whom pleaded no
    contest on Sept. 12 to six misdemeanor counts just after a jury was
    impaneled.
    Superior Court Judge Brad Andrews sentenced them to three years'
    probation and 30 days of community service.
    Their pleadings came less than an hour after Andrews dismissed a
    motion by defense attorney Lynda Vitale to delay the case for at
    least a month.
    "The events of Sept. 11," Vitale said in an interview, "would have
    made it impossible for jurors to remain unbiased and fairly weigh
    the evidence without thoughts of what happened."
    Next in line for trial is Christopher J. Harrington, who is
    represented by Torrance lawyer Alex Griggs.
    "These people were exercising their rights to free speech," Griggs
    said. "It would be a shame if the current climate is such that they
    are curtailed from doing that."
    Nonetheless, Griggs said his client, whose trial is scheduled to
    start Oct. 10, is considering the implications of avoiding trial by
    entering a plea.
    On Thursday, four other defendants pleaded no contest to at least
    one misdemeanor charge.  Among them was Adam Steudle, 20, whose
    Culver City attorney Noah Allen conceded, "There's a huge fear that
    the events of Sept. 11 had a domino effect on jurors."
    The defendants insist that their goal was a peaceful downtown
    demonstration and march on International Workers Day behind a large
    banner that read: "Capitalism Stole My Life."
    The trouble started after some demonstrators, chanting and cursing
    against "the police state," threw rocks at officers, according to
    police.
    "The rocks got it going," recalled Long Beach Police Sgt. Erik
    Herzog.
    Downtown streets were shut down for four hours as police fired on
    some demonstrators with rubber bullets and beanbags while chasing
    them in and around an area known for its high-end bistros, financial
    institutions and hotels.
    Law enforcement authorities said it cost the city $100,000 in
    overtime pay and the use of equipment, including a helicopter, to
    handle the disruption.
    At the scene, police collected evidence including rocks, hammers, a
    slingshot, bags of ball bearings, pointed sticks, gas masks, plastic
    bags filled with human feces, bombs used by fishermen to scare off
    seals, and fireworks, including one item that resembled a hand
    grenade.
    Police said they also determined that some of the demonstrators had
    arrived wearing crude shields under their baggy black sweaters and
    sweat shirts: thick layers of newspaper wrapped in duct tape and
    strapped around their arms and over their chests.
    Critical to the prosecution have been 500 photographs and 14 hours
    of videotaped footage of the demonstration taken by police and
    witnesses in the vicinity of the bustling corner of 1st Street and
    Pine Avenue.
    Deputy city prosecutor Andrea Davalos said, "We went over details in
    the photos and video footage, frame by frame, over and over, 12
    hours a day, Saturdays and Sundays.
    "We noted people's backpacks, shirts, logos, shoes, even the tears
    in their jeans," she said.  "Eventually, we were able to make
    positive identification of each and every one of them. We know what
    each of them did and when they did it."
    Prosecutors matched that information with photographs of suspects
    when they were in custody and unmasked.
    City prosecutor Tom Reeves plans to play an edited version of the
    videotape in court, including slow-motion scenes of rocks being
    hurled at police.
    "They conspired to come to this city armed and disguised for the
    purpose of creating a riot, chaos and disorder," Gordon said. "But
    now there are too many ghosts floating around in the courtroom for
    anyone with half a brain to expose themselves to a jury or a judge."
    In the meantime, local support for the anarchists has been mixed.
    Mark Bowen, a Los Angeles Unified School District high school
    teacher and president of the Long Beach chapter of the American
    Civil Liberties Union, remains skeptical of local police.
    It was not a crime, he said, if demonstrators cursed at police and
    carried signs denouncing the influence of multinational
    corporations. "The police were beating the anarchists with clubs,
    and I would not rule out the possibility that they planted
    evidence," Bowen said.
    Sharon Cotrell of the Long Beach Legal Monitoring Committee said the
    defendants have been "forced by circumstances to plead, which is
    very sad," she said. "These young people did no wrong. The police
    were outrageous."
    Some other observers are not so sure.
    Until Sept. 11, members of the Unitarian Universalist Church of Long
    Beach had been considering a proposal to back the defendants.
    But Pat Marr, who is a member of the church's Social Concerns
    Committee, said such a move seems unlikely now.
    "It sounds like it was a very difficult situation for police," she
    said. "And with the World Trade Center situation going on, it is not
    a good time to be in the sort of trial the arrestees are fighting."
    Added Marr: "Personally, their cases are on a far back burner."

@_date: 2001-09-22 18:10:13
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: disarming pakis 
The government of Pakistan spent a long time persuading the people of
Chitral to give up their guns,
 and finally they did. Now the Afghans come with guns. But no, it is not
a problem. Not yet, because
 they are looking that way." He pointed toward Afghanistan. Then he
dropped his arm and said, "It's all
 very far away from you in America, isn't it?"

@_date: 2001-09-22 15:12:00
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: All your Pakistanis are 0urz 
Reality is a bunch of guys in FBI jackets scratching their heads and
the body bags out of the van.  Hard to make an engrossing movie out of

@_date: 2001-09-21 16:27:43
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: osamawatching with 200 spectral bands and < 1 m resolution 
US spy satellites have been given new
              instructions to concentrate their attention on
              Afghanistan and the search for Osama Bin
              Laden, and groups associated with him, sources
              have told BBC News Online.
              So-called Signal Intelligence (Sigint) satellites,
              designed to intercept radio and mobile phone
              traffic, have been "retasked", as have two spy
              satellites that take high-resolution images.
              The use of Sigint satellites marks a departure
              from normal procedure, as they are not usually
              used to gather intelligence about dissident groups
              in that region.
              BBC News Online also understands that US
              military sources have also made approaches to
              two commercial satellite operators, to use data
              from two private imaging satellites that will be
              launched in the next few weeks.
              Following conversations
              The so-called "retasking" of spy satellites is an
              unusual step that reflects the seriousness of the
              response to the hijack plane attacks on New York
              and Washington DC.
              Sigint satellites monitor electromagnetic signals
              and send them to sophisticated listening posts
              scattered over the globe where they are relayed
              to supercomputers in the US for analysis.
              In co-operation with the
              Echelon phone, fax and
              e-mail monitoring system
              that is also searching for
              evidence of subversive
              activity, the Sigint data
              are analysed using
              sophisticated programs
              that allow information to
              be extracted from the
              jumbled signals. It is
              thought that when
              conditions are favourable, individual mobile
              phone conversations can be followed.
              The main suspect identified by the US for last
              Tuesday's attacks, Osama Bin Laden, is said not
              to use mobile phones, for fear of being
              eavesdropped. But US military officials are clearly
              hoping that they may intercept some phone
              coverage, a task that should be helped by the
              small size and sparse communications
              infrastructure in Afghanistan - the country where
              Bin Laden is thought to reside.
              Imaging spy satellites are also returning
              high-resolution images back to the Pentagon.
              These images, able to detect individual people,
              will also be studied by computer to spot
              movements that could help analysts pinpoint Bin
              Laden.
              Private help
              Military officials are also considering using the
              capabilities of two private satellites that will be
              launched in the next few weeks.
              The first of these, Orbimage-4, is due to be put
              into orbit on 21 September from California.
              This is a private
              remote-sensing satellite
              with unique capabilities.
              It carries a camera that
              takes images in 200
              spectral bands -
              designed to analyse
              surface composition.
              Military analysts are
              considering whether it
              could be used to see
              through camouflage, which is often used by those
              on the ground who do not want their activities
              exposed by spy satellites passing overhead.
              The other satellite, Quickbird, to be operated by
              Digitalglobe, is set for launch on 18 October. It will
              have the greatest resolution of any non-military
              satellite. Able to see detail smaller than a metre,
              Quickbird could be used when military spy
              satellites are not in the correct place.

@_date: 2001-09-21 16:14:40
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: French Nazis censor internet site 
Thursday September 20 1:12 PM ET
        Frenchman Probed for Web Site Applauding
        Attacks
        PARIS (Reuters) - A Frenchman who allegedly set up an internet
site applauding the
        deadly attacks on U.S. landmarks and urging Muslims to fight a
holy war is being
        investigated for encouraging suicide acts, judicial sources said
        Smain Bedrouni is under formal judicial investigation after
being accused of creating
        stcom.net, a U.S.-based Web site that calls for ``jihad.''
        Endorsing suicide attempts which aim to kill others is illegal
in France.
        The daily newspaper Le Figaro said the site was blocked earlier
this week by hackers
        but was soon accessible again to the public after it squeezed
space on the server of a
        U.S. company.
        France has been swift to clamp down on extremist or racist Web
sites. A French
        judge made headlines last year with a controversial ruling that
Yahoo! Inc. block
        French citizens' access to its U.S.-based auction site featuring
Nazi memorabilia.
        Internet Service Providers (ISPs) have been on the lookout for
sites in their networks
        that incite violence since last week's terror attacks on the
United States in which
        6,000 people were killed or are missing.

@_date: 2001-09-20 22:40:31
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Fed Judge Tanner's Porn Downloading curtailed 
WASHINGTON -- Judges and their staffs may not
                      download sexually explicit material, music or
videos on
                      their office computers, under a policy announced
                      Wednesday by the rule-making body of the U.S.
                      system.
                      The new policy "will help ensure that
                      resources are devoted to" official business, not
                      use, said U.S. District Judge Edward Nelson of
                      Birmingham, Ala. Judges are not "above the law"
and do
                      not have a right to use their computers for
                      personal uses, he added.
                      The new policy governs the 30,000 employees of the
                      federal court system. It had been sharply debated
                      recent weeks, and not just because of its effect
on these
                      employees. The law is unclear on whether workers
                      any right to privacy in the use of their office
                      But the federal court policy makes clear that
                      rights for all federal workers are minimal.
Judges, along
                      with other federal employees, do not have a "right
to use
                      government-office equipment for nongovernment
                      the policy says.
                      In a second computer-related policy change, the
                      said they want files in civil court cases to be
put on the
                      Internet so they can be accessed by anyone,
anywhere. They said certain
                      personal information, such as Social Security
numbers or medical data, will be
                      excluded.
                      If the paper files are now available to the public
in a courthouse, they should
                      also be available via computer on the Internet,
the judges said.
                      Some district courts are currently making some
civil court records available via a
                      for-pay Web site. Wednesday's decision will expand
the program to all district
                      courts.
                      For now, the new open-access policy covers only
civil matters, not criminal
                      cases. The judges said they will consider later
whether to put all criminal files on
                      the Internet.
                      While the move to put civil cases on the Internet
will affect more people, the
                      judges were focused more intently on the dispute
over their own computers.
                      In May, judges on the West Coast rebelled when
they learned their computers
                      were being monitored by the administrative office
of the U.S. courts in
                      Washington. Judge Alex Kozinski of Pasadena, who
sits on the U.S. 9th Circuit
                      Court of Appeals, said the surveillance was
illegal, and he and his colleagues
                      unplugged the monitoring system.
                      Court officials in Washington replied they are not
interested in spying on
                      individual workers or monitoring their e-mail.
                      Rather, they say, their concern was triggered by
evidence that large files had
                      been downloaded onto some courthouse computers
from Internet sites that
                      contain sexually explicit videos.
                      In response to Kozinski's protests, the
rule-making body dropped part of the
                      policy that says all court employees who use the
court's computers "consent to
                      monitoring."
                      But the rest of the policy detailing the
"unauthorized or improper use" of court
                      computers was adopted intact.
                      The policy change was to have been debated at the
Supreme Court on Sept. 11,
                      during the semiannual meeting of the U.S. Judicial
                      The conference consists of 27 top judges
representing the federal circuit courts.
                      Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist was there to
chair the meeting.
                      But the discussion had just begun about 10 a.m.
when word came that jetliners
                      had struck the World Trade Center and the
Pentagon. Rehnquist called off the
                      meeting and the judges left the building.
                      Judges said this week it was the first time in 79
years that a meeting of the
                      Judicial Conference was canceled. Instead, the
judges voted by mail on the new
                      policy.
                      The two 9th Circuit judges who led the protest
said they were satisfied with the
                      compromise.
                      "We don't have a problem with saying that
extensive downloading is
                      inappropriate," said Chief Judge Mary M. Schroeder
in Phoenix. "I voted in
                      favor of it."
                      Kozinski said he continues to believe that it is
illegal to monitor employees
                      without their consent. "We had a problem with the
monitoring part of this, and
                      they withdrew what we found most objectionable."

@_date: 2001-09-20 22:17:08
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Feebs lose snooping van 
Wonder if there were any laptops on board...
LAUREL, Md., 1:40 p.m. EDT September 20, 2001 -- An FBI spokesman said a
1992 Dodge conversion van owned by the agency and containing radio
equipment was stolen early Thursday
morning in Laurel.
Agents have been in the area to investigate ties to last week's
terrorist attacks in New York andWashington. Laurel residents and
employees have told agents that some of the suspected terrorists spent
their final days in Laurel, Greenbelt and Beltsville.
                                  FBI spokesman Peter Gulotta declined
to say why the van was in the area. He says that to the best of
                                  his knowledge, the van didn't have
evidence connected to the terrorist attacks.
                                  Gulotta says the van was stolen about
4:30 a.m. while it was unattended. The suspects are two men
                                  who pulled up to the FBI van in a
white van with stolen tags. The blue FBI van was last seen heading
                                  south on Interstate 295 toward

@_date: 2001-09-19 21:35:26
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: They all have to rearrange their brains now -- [WTC] is the 
Composer creates storm describing attack on US as 'work of art'
     HAMBURG, Germany, Sept 18 (AFP) -
     Composer Karlheinz Stockhausen, 73, has roused indignation in
Germany for describing last week's
     catastrophic airplane assaults on New York as "the greatest work of
art ever."
     The renowned contemporary composer, who was speaking to journalists
in Hamburg late Sunday,
     immediately retracted the remark and asked them not to report it.
     But as a result of what he said, two concerts featuring Stockhausen
which were to be given Tuesday and
     Wednesday were cancelled by the organisers of a music festival at
the request of the local cultural
     authorities and festival sponsors.
     Hamburg's general director of music, Ingo Metzmacher, had invited
the composer to stage performances
     of his own works at the current Hamburg music festival.
     The German news agency DPA said the composer had quit Hamburg,
greatly upset by the affair.
     In a statement issued by the music festival organisers, Stockhausen
said he had been asked whether
     characters in his work, such as Lucifer, were historical, and that
he had replied "they are always
     contemporary, for example Lucifer in New York.
     "I recalled the destruction of art. Any other words outside of this
context have no relation to what I
     meant," he insisted.
     Hamburg culture senator (minister) Christina Weiss said the
composer's reported remark was inexcusable,
     given the grief and mourning in the United States.
     "Out of feeling for the political culture of the city and the
federal republic, the concerts had to be
     cancelled," she said.
     According to DPA, the composer, who had been asked about the
attacks on the United States, said:
     "What happened there is -- they all have to rearrange their brains
now -- is the greatest work of art ever.
     "That characters can bring about in one act what we in music cannot
dream of, that people practise madly
     for ten years, completely fanatically, for a concert and then die.
That is the greatest work of art for the
     whole cosmos.
     "I could not do that. Against that, we, composers, are nothing."

@_date: 2001-09-19 18:51:20
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Afghanistan Gems 
The gem industry was helping the militant Afghans raise money
back when they were US allies.  In the bios below, helping
the Mujahideen is listed as a cool thing, for both locals
and US folks.
Anwar Pacha was born in Nuristan. He and his father, Fazel Manan Pacha,
joined the
                             Jihad in 1979. Together they organized the
tribes, established hospitals and assigned
                             doctors to care for the Mujahideen. From
his great grandfather to present, his family
                             has maintained leadership and a friendly
relationship with other tribes in Northeastern
                             Afghanistan. He has many followers in
Mohamand, Safi, Salarzi, Mahmoond, Gujur,
                             Shinwari tribes. Without these peoples,
mining of gemstones is not possible.
Mr. Aref Hanifi was born in Kabul, Afghanistan. He has been involved in
the Import-Export Business
                between the US, Europe, China, India, and Hong Kong.
After this he was involved in helping the
                Mujahideen, in particular, Khalil Nuristani and
Ubydullah Niazi of Northern Afghanistan (Kapisa).
Mr. Bowersox received his BBA degree from Western Michigan University
                                  he continued his post-graduate studies
in the field of finance and investments.
                                  After graduation he joined the United
States Army and obtained the rank of Major
                                  during the Viet Nam war. After his
honorable discharge from the US Army, he
                                  worked in the gem industry in Brazil,
Burma, Sri Lanka, Madagascar and
  Thailand. In 1973 he began working and surveying the gem mines of
Afghanistan. During 1976 he was awarded the
  exclusive rights for the export of lapis to the United States. After
the Russian invasion, Mr. Bowersox worked with
  the Mujahideen in developing the gem mines in Afghanistan. This
entailed many potentially dangerous trips into
  Afghanistan during the war. In 1997, he was appointed as consultant to
the Minister of Mines and
  Industry-Government of Afghanistan.

@_date: 2001-09-19 18:45:45
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: "Banning strong encryption would prove as ineffective as 
"Banning strong encryption would prove as ineffective as
shutting down Napster,"
From some agitprop "The Terrorists Are Winning the Cyber War"

@_date: 2001-09-18 21:07:17
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: ghost of steve jackson 
And Microsoft has postponed the October launch of its latest version of
"Flight Simulator," which offers the ability to fly into buildings.
Well I feel much safer now.

@_date: 2001-09-18 15:18:00
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: IP: Osama bin Laden and crypto (fwd) 
You should hear the tapes of Monica & Bill they have!

@_date: 2001-09-18 15:10:10
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: kuro5hin.org || War, in the name of God! 
Unfortunately, while you generally get more clue with the former than
the latter,
the Talliban are a recalcitrant population and acid would only make them
Besides, you're not supposed to use chem weapons.. though I suppose acid
is a riot control agent... a thousand points of light, oh maaan... check
out the tracers dood...

@_date: 2001-09-17 18:29:42
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: more satellite images of WTC 
JY has some overhead WTC images at cryptome.org; see also

@_date: 2001-09-16 19:45:37
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: Pakistan's Price: $30bbn per trick 
They should get the Serbs to negotiate; they got $100 million for
turning in Milosevic to the US.  But with CI chiefs in FBI, CIA coming
at around a million each, they may have gone for the easy deal...
Fox News just interviewed a Catholic priest who blessed the future

@_date: 2001-09-16 18:37:25
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Hmmm, if the US used gas there wouldn't be all that *archeological*

@_date: 2001-09-16 17:46:37
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: On Internet and social responsibility 
Then what is your point?
What are you afraid of?
This is
With more speech.
So is CNN, what is your point?
And a Russian calling a fuckistan web site "lies" is just hilarious.
Go back and ask your masters what you should think.
Don't believe half of what you see
and none of what you hear  ---Lou Reed, Last Great American Whale

@_date: 2001-09-16 18:16:48
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Burning airlines give you so much more 
The Irish Problem would not be with us if the Romans had killed all the
islanders instead of leaving some alive.
Lots of problems go away when we are domesticated/pogrommed to the point
The Crusades have been going on for hundreds of years.  That a
DC reporter should want to continue them is offensively ahistorical but
not surprising.
There's a reason its illegal to wear a burkha in Turkey.  Interface
(boundary) areas
are always interesting.  Ask the Albanians.
Make religion illegal, lots of stupid problems disappear.
                When I got back home I found a message on the door
                     Sweet Regina's gone to China crosslegged on the
                            Of a burning jet that's smoothly flying
                           Burning airlines give you so much more
                     How does she intend to live when she's in far
                     I somehow can't imagine her just planting rice all
                              Maybe she will do a bit of spying
                            With microcameras hidden in her hair
                     I guess Regina's on a plane a Newsweek on her knees
                 While miles below the curlews call from strangely
stunted trees
                         The painted sage sits just as though he's
                             Regina's jet disturbs his wispy beard
                                Brian Eno, Burning airlines give you so
much more

@_date: 2001-09-16 20:07:23
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Palestinian celebration videos censored 
JERUSALEM (September 16) - About 1,500
               Palestinians, many supporters of Hamas, marched in a
               Gaza Strip refugee camp Friday, burning Israeli flags and
               carrying a large poster of Osama bin Laden, an exiled
               Saudi millionaire who US Secretary of State Colin
               Powell has named a key suspect in last week's terror
               attacks in the United States.
               After the rally, plainclothes Palestinian policemen
               questioned several journalists, including members of
               foreign news agencies, and confiscated videotape, film,
               and other camera equipment. An Associated Press
               Television News video was among the materials taken,
               and an AP photographer was warned by officials not to
               publish pictures of the bin Laden poster.
               AP protested and demanded the return of the video and
               other material.
               The journalists were told police would review the
               material before deciding whether or not to release it.
               Palestinian Authority officials refused to comment on the
               record and did not respond immediately to AP's protest.
               The Palestinian Police said in a statement that the rally
               the Nusseirat refugee camp took place without a permit.
               "The Palestinian Police confiscated media material which
               documented illegal acts," the statement said.
               Earlier last week, Palestinian Police stopped camera
               teams and photographers from covering a rally in Nablus
               in which several thousand Palestinians celebrated the
               attacks in the US. Palestinian officials said the
               demonstration did not represent widespread Palestinian
               opinion.
               According to one source, the Reuters correspondent in
               Nablus not only agreed to the PA demand not to
               document the rally, but attempted to press his AP
               counterpart to follow suit. He was unable to reach him in
               time. The AP cameraman later received death threats.

@_date: 2001-09-26 22:19:24
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re:  How ID Cards might be made de facto mandatory, but not de 
The threshold is a little higher, especially if you're not pushing a
no where near a grocery story.
Ask them why they want it.  Then the social-linguistic ball is in their
If they say something like, for an investigation, ask them why they're
of you.  Put them on the defensive, ask them questions, learn what you
If you're not pulled over while driving, *you* are in control, not them.
Don't be so cowered by uniforms.

@_date: 2001-09-21 00:22:35
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: somewhat encouraging... 
Yes but the image of congressvermin hanging onto the skids of a copter
as it pulls
away from the capital, as they vacate DC, is refreshing.

@_date: 2001-09-21 00:36:29
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Infinite Justice (tm) 
Report: The US is renaming its pending war from 'Infinite Justice'
because the
moslems have a trademark infringement case: they think their
god has a monopoly on the concept.
Praise be unto political correctness.

@_date: 2001-09-22 18:31:08
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: WTC Attack Benefits Long Beach Ca Police -Anarchists Giving Up 
Anarchists Giving Up Legal Fight
                       Court: Some charged in a riot plead no contest
amid doubts they could get a fair hearing after
                    the terrorist attacks. Others may go to trial.
                    By LOUIS SAHAGUN, TIMES STAFF WRITER
                    Last week's terrorism attacks on the East Coast have
                    complicated--and, in some cases, derailed--the
trials of dozens of
                    anarchists arrested in a violent May Day
confrontation with Long
                    Beach police.
                    The anarchists previously had been upbeat about
their imminent trials,
                    which they had hoped to turn into public forums for
their radical
                    political sentiments.
                    Now, defense attorneys wonder if their 37 fiercely
anti-capitalist clients
                    can get a fair trial in Long Beach or anywhere else
on such counts as
                    riot, attempted riot, unlawful assembly, and
conspiracy to commit a
                    crime. Over the past week, six defendants who had
promised to
                    challenge police tactics instead have pleaded no
contest or guilty to
                    misdemeanor charges. More pleas are expected,
according to deputy
                    city prosecutor David Gordon.
                    "When Sept. 11 occurred, they realized that no one
would pay much
                    attention to claims of police misconduct while
hundreds of officers lay
                    buried in rubble in New York," he said. "I think
that by early
                    November there will be but a handful of hard cores
left wanting to go
                    to trial."
                    Until last week, the demonstrators had predicted
exoneration, claiming they were victims of police
                    brutality. Beyond that, they stressed that
identification would be difficult because all of them had
                    been wearing masks and black clothes in downtown
Long Beach during the May 1 rally decrying
                    corporate greed. In addition, they pointed to a
federal judge's recent ruling that questioned the
                    validity of a city law requiring 30 days' notice for
a public demonstration.
                    Now such optimism has vanished, according to one
prospective expert witness for the defense,
                    Larry George, a professor of political science at
Cal State Long Beach.
                    "The tragic events," George said, "may well have
changed the background climate to the point
                    where the defendants would be identified as enemies
of the state and perpetrators of violence."
                    About 95 people, mainly teenagers and young adults
from Southern California, were arrested
                    during the protest that erupted into a running
street brawl with police in riot gear. At least a dozen
                    demonstrators were injured, and many more reportedly
suffered scrapes and bruises. Police said
                    their officers escaped serious injuries, but some
were bruised and cut by thrown rocks and
                    grappling with demonstrators.
                    To avoid sapping the city's legal resources if all
the defendants were tried simultaneously in one
                    courtroom, authorities divided them into small
groups to be tried separately and appointed publicly
                    financed defense attorneys.
                    Long before the East Coast terrorism, 23 of those
arrested in the demonstration were sentenced to
                    probation and time served under plea bargains
offered to them by city prosecutors. In addition,
                    more than two dozen juveniles were released and most
had the charges dropped.
                    Two other adults are awaiting trial on felony
assault charges. As of Friday, 31 more were each
                    facing six misdemeanor charges.
                    The first two defendants to go to trial were Louise
Emily Van Der Laan, 19, and Yutaka Bazil
                    Yokoyama, 31, both of whom pleaded no contest on
Sept. 12 to six misdemeanor counts just
                    after a jury was impaneled.
                    Superior Court Judge Brad Andrews sentenced them to
three years' probation and 30 days of
                    community service.
                    Their pleadings came less than an hour after Andrews
dismissed a motion by defense attorney
                    Lynda Vitale to delay the case for at least a month.
                    "The events of Sept. 11," Vitale said in an
interview, "would have made it impossible for jurors to
                    remain unbiased and fairly weigh the evidence
without thoughts of what happened."
                    Next in line for trial is Christopher J. Harrington,
who is represented by Torrance lawyer Alex
                    Griggs.
                    "These people were exercising their rights to free
speech," Griggs said. "It would be a shame if the
                    current climate is such that they are curtailed from
doing that."
                    Nonetheless, Griggs said his client, whose trial is
scheduled to start Oct. 10, is considering the
                    implications of avoiding trial by entering a plea.
                    On Thursday, four other defendants pleaded no
contest to at least one misdemeanor charge.
                    Among them was Adam Steudle, 20, whose Culver City
attorney Noah Allen conceded, "There's
                    a huge fear that the events of Sept. 11 had a domino
effect on jurors."
                    The defendants insist that their goal was a peaceful
downtown demonstration and march on
                    International Workers Day behind a large banner that
read: "Capitalism Stole My Life."
                    The trouble started after some demonstrators,
chanting and cursing against "the police state," threw
                    rocks at officers, according to police.
                    "The rocks got it going," recalled Long Beach Police
Sgt. Erik Herzog.
                    Downtown streets were shut down for four hours as
police fired on some demonstrators with
                    rubber bullets and beanbags while chasing them in
and around an area known for its high-end
                    bistros, financial institutions and hotels.
                    Law enforcement authorities said it cost the city
$100,000 in overtime pay and the use of
                    equipment, including a helicopter, to handle the
                    At the scene, police collected evidence including
rocks, hammers, a slingshot, bags of ball
                    bearings, pointed sticks, gas masks, plastic bags
filled with human feces, bombs used by fishermen
                    to scare off seals, and fireworks, including one
item that resembled a hand grenade.
                    Police said they also determined that some of the
demonstrators had arrived wearing crude shields
                    under their baggy black sweaters and sweat shirts:
thick layers of newspaper wrapped in duct tape
                    and strapped around their arms and over their
                    Critical to the prosecution have been 500
photographs and 14 hours of videotaped footage of the
                    demonstration taken by police and witnesses in the
vicinity of the bustling corner of 1st Street and
                    Pine Avenue.
                    Deputy city prosecutor Andrea Davalos said, "We went
over details in the photos and video
                    footage, frame by frame, over and over, 12 hours a
day, Saturdays and Sundays.
                    "We noted people's backpacks, shirts, logos, shoes,
even the tears in their jeans," she said.
                    "Eventually, we were able to make positive
identification of each and every one of them. We know
                    what each of them did and when they did it."
                    Prosecutors matched that information with
photographs of suspects when they were in custody
                    and unmasked.
                    City prosecutor Tom Reeves plans to play an edited
version of the videotape in court, including
                    slow-motion scenes of rocks being hurled at police.
                    "They conspired to come to this city armed and
disguised for the purpose of creating a riot, chaos
                    and disorder," Gordon said. "But now there are too
many ghosts floating around in the courtroom
                    for anyone with half a brain to expose themselves to
a jury or a judge."
                    In the meantime, local support for the anarchists
has been mixed.
                    Mark Bowen, a Los Angeles Unified School District
high school teacher and president of the Long
                    Beach chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union,
remains skeptical of local police.
                    It was not a crime, he said, if demonstrators cursed
at police and carried signs denouncing the
                    influence of multinational corporations. "The police
were beating the anarchists with clubs, and I
                    would not rule out the possibility that they planted
evidence," Bowen said.
                    Sharon Cotrell of the Long Beach Legal Monitoring
Committee said the defendants have been
                    "forced by circumstances to plead, which is very
sad," she said. "These young people did no
                    wrong. The police were outrageous."
                    Some other observers are not so sure.
                    Until Sept. 11, members of the Unitarian
Universalist Church of Long Beach had been considering
                    a proposal to back the defendants.
                    But Pat Marr, who is a member of the church's Social
Concerns Committee, said such a move
                    seems unlikely now.
                    "It sounds like it was a very difficult situation
for police," she said. "And with the World Trade
                    Center situation going on, it is not a good time to
be in the sort of trial the arrestees are fighting."
                    Added Marr: "Personally, their cases are on a far
back burner."

@_date: 2001-09-23 19:34:40
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Larry Ellison, Nazi Collaborator: Oracle for Natl ID 
Idea driven by security concerns
              BY PAUL ROGERS AND ELISE ACKERMAN
              Mercury News
              Broaching a controversial subject that has gained
visibility since the Sept. 11
              terrorist attacks, Oracle Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison
is calling for the
              United States to create a national identification card
system -- and offering to
              donate the software to make it possible.
              Under Ellison's proposal, millions of Americans would be
fingerprinted and
              the information would be placed on a database used by
airport security
              officials to verify identities of travelers at airplane
              ``We need a national ID card with our photograph and
thumbprint digitized
              and embedded in the ID card,'' Ellison said in an
interview Friday night on the
              evening news of KPIX-TV in San Francisco.
              ``We need a database behind that, so when you're walking
into an airport and
              you say that you are Larry Ellison, you take that card and
put it in a reader
              and you put your thumb down and that system confirms that
this is Larry
              Ellison,'' he said.
              `Absolutely free'
              Ellison's company, Oracle, based in Redwood Shores, is the
world's leading
              maker of database software. Ellison, worth $15 billion, is
among the world's
              richest people.
              ``We're quite willing to provide the software for this
absolutely free,'' he said.
              Calls for national ID cards traditionally have been met
with fierce resistance
              from civil liberties groups, who say the cards would
intrude on the privacy of
              Americans and allow the government to track people's
              But Ellison said in the electronic age, little privacy is
left anyway.
              ``Well, this privacy you're concerned about is largely an
illusion,'' he said.
              ``All you have to give up is your illusions, not any of
your privacy. Right now,
              you can go onto the Internet and get a credit report about
your neighbor and
              find out where your neighbor works, how much they earn and
if they had a
              late mortgage payment and tons of other information.''
              Attempts by the Mercury News to reach Ellison for further
              Saturday were unsuccessful. Many questions about the
proposal remain
              unanswered, such as whether foreign nationals would be
required to have a
              card to enter the country. The hijackers in the Sept. 11
attacks are not
              believed to have been U.S. citizens.
              In the TV interview with anchorman Hank Plante, Ellison
said shoppers have
              to disclose more information at malls to buy a watch than
they do to get on an
              airplane.
              ``Let me ask you. There are two different airlines.
Airline A says before you
              board that airplane you prove you are who you say you are.
Airline B, no
              problem. Anyone who wants the price of a ticket, they can
go on that airline.
              Which airplane do you get on?''
              Oracle has a longstanding relationship with the federal
government. Indeed,
              the CIA was Ellison's first customer, and the company's
name stems from a
              CIA-funded project launched in the mid-1970s that sought
better ways of
              storing and retrieving digital data.
              Civil libertarians said caution is needed.
              ``It strikes me as a form of overreaction to the events
that we have
              experienced,'' said Robert Post, a constitutional law
professor at the
              University of California-Berkeley. ``If we allow a
terrorist attack to destroy
              forms of freedom that we have enjoyed, we will have given
the victory to
              them. This kind of recommendation does just that.''
              Post said while such a system may catch some criminals, it
could be hacked
              or faked or evaded by capable terrorists. Nor is it clear
that such a system
              would have foiled the Sept. 11 attacks, he said.
              Strong support
              But polls last week show many Americans support a national
ID card.
              In a survey released Wednesday by the Pew Research Center
for the People
              & the Press, seven of 10 Americans favored a requirement
that citizens carry
              a national identity card at all times to show to a police
officer upon request.
              The proposal had particularly strong support from women.
There was less
              support for government monitoring of telephone calls,
e-mails and credit card
              purchases.
              The FBI already has an electronic fingerprint system for
              In July 1999, the FBI's Integrated Automated Fingerprint
              System became operational. That system keeps an electronic
database of 41
              million fingerprints, with prints from all 10 fingers of
people who have been
              convicted of crimes.
              Faster response
              The system has reduced the FBI's criminal fingerprint
processing time from 45
              days to less than two hours.
              Paul Bresson, an FBI spokesman in Washington, said
Saturday that he is
              unaware of the details of Ellison's proposal and declined
              Howard Gantman, a spokesman for Sen. Dianne Feinstein,
D-Calif., said that
              she would be interested in discussing the idea with
              ``She does feel that we do need to make some important
advances in terms
              of increasing our security,'' Gantman said. ``A lot of
people have brought up
              ideas about how to create more security and she's
interested in exploring
              them. She'd like to find out more.''
              One group certain to fight the proposal is the American
Civil Liberties Union.
              A statement about ID cards posted on the ACLU's national
Web site says:
              ``A national ID card would essentially serve as an
internal passport. It would
              create an easy new tool for government surveillance and
could be used to
              target critics of the government, as has happened
periodically throughout our
              nation's history.''

@_date: 2001-09-25 19:15:16
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Schneier on Stego, Dead Drops, bin Laden 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please take the few moments required to
clean up submitted text, wrapping and aligning text as necessary.
Monday September 24 01:15 PM EDT
    Terrorists and steganography
    By Bruce Schneier, Special to ZDNet
    Security expert Bruce Schneier writes that terrorist groups may be
    using steganography to communicate, allowing communication without
    any group knowing the identity of the other.
    COMMENTARY--Guess what? Osama Bin Ladin uses steganography.
    According to nameless "U.S.  officials and experts" and "U.S. and
    foreign officials," terrorist groups are "hiding maps and
    photographs of terrorist targets and posting instructions for
    terrorist activities on sports chat rooms, pornographic bulletin
    boards and other Web sites."
    Simply put, steganography is the science of hiding messages in
    messages. Typically, a message (either plaintext or, more cleverly,
    ciphertext) is hidden in the low-order bits of a digital photograph.
    To the uninitiated observer, it's just a picture.  But to the sender
    and receiver, there's a message hiding in there.
    It doesn't surprise me that terrorists are using this trick. The
    very aspects of steganography that make it unsuitable for normal
    corporate use make it ideally suited for terrorist use.  Most
    importantly, it can be used in an electronic dead drop.
    If you read the FBI (news - web sites) affidavit against (accused
    spy) Robert Hanssen (news - web sites), you learn how Hanssen
    communicated with his Russian handlers. They never met, but would
    leave messages, money and documents for one another in plastic bags
    under a bridge.  Hanssen's handler would leave a signal in a public
    place--a chalk mark on a mailbox--to indicate a waiting package.
    Hanssen would later collect the package.
    That's called a 'dead drop'. It has many advantages over a
    face-to-face meeting. One, the two parties are never seen together.
    Two, the two parties don't have to coordinate a rendezvous. Three,
    and most importantly, one party doesn't even have to know who the
    other one is (a definite advantage if one of them is arrested). Dead
    drops can be used to facilitate completely anonymous, asynchronous
    communications.
    Using steganography to embed a message in a pornographic image and
    posting it to a Usenet newsgroup is the cyberspace equivalent of a
    dead drop. To everyone else, it's just a picture. But to the
    receiver, there's a message in there waiting to be extracted.
    To make it work in practice, the terrorists would need to set up
    some sort of code.  Just as Hanssen knew to collect his package when
    he saw the chalk mark, a virtual terrorist will need to know to look
    for his message. (He can't be expected to search every picture.)
    There are lots of ways to communicate a signal: timestamp on the
    message, an uncommon word in the subject line, etc. Use your
    imagination here--the possibilities are limitless.
    The effect is that the sender can transmit a message without ever
    communicating directly with the receiver. There is no e-mail between
    them, no remote logins, no instant messages. All that exists is a
    picture posted to a public forum, and then downloaded by anyone
    sufficiently enticed by the subject line (both third parties and the
    intended receiver of the secret message).
    So, what's a counter-espionage agency to do? There are the standard
    ways of finding steganographic messages, some of which I have
    outlined in a previous essay. If Bin Laden is using pornographic
    images to embed his secret messages, it is unlikely these pictures
    are being taken in Afghanistan (news - web sites).  They're probably
    downloaded from the Web. If the NSA can keep a database of images
    (wouldn't that be something?), then they can find ones with subtle
    changes in the low-order bits. If Bin Laden uses the same image to
    transmit multiple messages, the NSA could notice that. Otherwise,
    there's probably nothing the NSA can do. Dead drops, both real and
    virtual, can't be prevented.
    Why can't businesses use this? The primary reason is that legitimate
    businesses don't need dead drops. I remember one company talk about
    a corporation embedding a steganographic message to its salespeople
    in a photo on the corporate Web page.  Why not just send an
    encrypted e-mail? Because someone might notice the e-mail and know
    that the salespeople all got an encrypted message. So send a message
    every day: a real message when you need to, and a dummy message
    otherwise. This is a traffic analysis problem, and there are other
    techniques to solve it. Steganography just doesn't apply here.
    Steganography is good way for terrorist cells to communicate,
    allowing communication without any group knowing the identity of the
    other. There are other ways to build a dead drop in cyberspace. For
    example, a spy can sign up for a free, anonymous e-mail account. And
    Bin Laden probably uses those, too.
    Bruce Schneier is CTO of Counterpane Internet Security, Inc. He
    publishes a free monthly security newsletter.

@_date: 2001-09-25 16:42:53
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Schneier on Stego, Dead Drops, bin Laden 
Monday September 24 01:15 PM EDT
        Terrorists and steganography
        By Bruce Schneier, Special to ZDNet
        Security expert Bruce Schneier writes that terrorist groups may
be using
        steganography to communicate, allowing communication without any
        knowing the identity of the other.
                             COMMENTARY--Guess what? Osama Bin Ladin
                             steganography. According to nameless "U.S.
officials and
                             experts" and "U.S. and foreign officials,"
terrorist groups are
                             "hiding maps and photographs of terrorist
targets and posting
                             instructions for terrorist activities on
sports chat rooms,
                             pornographic bulletin boards and other Web
                             Simply put, steganography is the science of
hiding messages
                             in messages. Typically, a message (either
plaintext or, more
                             cleverly, ciphertext) is hidden in the
low-order bits of a digital
                             photograph. To the uninitiated observer,
it's just a picture.
                             But to the sender and receiver, there's a
message hiding in
                             there.
                             It doesn't surprise me that terrorists are
using this trick. The
                             very aspects of steganography that make it
unsuitable for
                             normal corporate use make it ideally suited
for terrorist use.
                             Most importantly, it can be used in an
electronic dead drop.
                             If you read the FBI (news - web sites)
affidavit against
                             (accused spy) Robert Hanssen (news - web
sites), you learn
        how Hanssen communicated with his Russian handlers. They never
met, but would
        leave messages, money and documents for one another in plastic
bags under a bridge.
        Hanssen's handler would leave a signal in a public place--a
chalk mark on a
        mailbox--to indicate a waiting package. Hanssen would later
collect the package.
        That's called a 'dead drop'. It has many advantages over a
face-to-face meeting. One,
        the two parties are never seen together. Two, the two parties
don't have to coordinate
        a rendezvous. Three, and most importantly, one party doesn't
even have to know
        who the other one is (a definite advantage if one of them is
arrested). Dead drops can
        be used to facilitate completely anonymous, asynchronous
        Using steganography to embed a message in a pornographic image
and posting it to a
        Usenet newsgroup is the cyberspace equivalent of a dead drop. To
everyone else, it's
        just a picture. But to the receiver, there's a message in there
waiting to be extracted.
        To make it work in practice, the terrorists would need to set up
some sort of code.
        Just as Hanssen knew to collect his package when he saw the
chalk mark, a virtual
        terrorist will need to know to look for his message. (He can't
be expected to search
        every picture.) There are lots of ways to communicate a signal:
timestamp on the
        message, an uncommon word in the subject line, etc. Use your
imagination here--the
        possibilities are limitless.
        The effect is that the sender can transmit a message without
ever communicating
        directly with the receiver. There is no e-mail between them, no
remote logins, no
        instant messages. All that exists is a picture posted to a
public forum, and then
        downloaded by anyone sufficiently enticed by the subject line
(both third parties and
        the intended receiver of the secret message).
        So, what's a counter-espionage agency to do? There are the
standard ways of finding
        steganographic messages, some of which I have outlined in a
previous essay. If Bin
        Laden is using pornographic images to embed his secret messages,
it is unlikely these
        pictures are being taken in Afghanistan (news - web sites).
They're probably
        downloaded from the Web. If the NSA can keep a database of
images (wouldn't that
        be something?), then they can find ones with subtle changes in
the low-order bits. If
        Bin Laden uses the same image to transmit multiple messages, the
NSA could notice
        that. Otherwise, there's probably nothing the NSA can do. Dead
drops, both real and
        virtual, can't be prevented.
        Why can't businesses use this? The primary reason is that
legitimate businesses don't
        need dead drops. I remember one company talk about a corporation
embedding a
        steganographic message to its salespeople in a photo on the
corporate Web page.
        Why not just send an encrypted e-mail? Because someone might
notice the e-mail
        and know that the salespeople all got an encrypted message. So
send a message every
        day: a real message when you need to, and a dummy message
otherwise. This is a
        traffic analysis problem, and there are other techniques to
solve it. Steganography just
        doesn't apply here.
        Steganography is good way for terrorist cells to communicate,
        communication without any group knowing the identity of the
other. There are other
        ways to build a dead drop in cyberspace. For example, a spy can
sign up for a free,
        anonymous e-mail account. And Bin Laden probably uses those,
        Bruce Schneier is CTO of Counterpane Internet Security, Inc. He
publishes a free
        monthly security newsletter.

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:42:50
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: RE: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Fuck yourself, or put on a red white and blue thong, hop a flight, and
spread them for the
Saudi king.

@_date: 2001-09-27 16:48:19
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Man With Bin Laden Tattoo Being Held in SoCal 
Man With Bin Laden Tattoo Being Held in O.C.
Inquiry: Authorities are trying to learn his identity. They won't say
whether charges have been filed.
Orange County investigators said Wednesday that they are trying to
determine the identity of a man arrested after the Sept. 11 hijacking
attacks who has a portrait of terrorist Osama bin Laden tattooed on his
Authorities released few details about the man, including where he is
being held and whether criminal charges have been filed against him.
But Orange County sheriff's officials said the man, who was allegedly
carrying false identification when arrested, was brought to the county
jail in the days after the attacks. There, deputies discovered a large
portrait of the terrorist emblazoned on his chest with the name "Osama
bin Laden" written below. Local and federal authorities are working to
determine whether the man is associated with Bin Laden or with the
attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon, said Orange County
Assistant Sheriff George Jaramillo.

@_date: 2001-10-26 16:04:26
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Asscruft Puffery 
He is strutting and puffing like a rooster who watches his hens being
taken away
by a fox.
At least Reno was scary, neither are convincing.

@_date: 2001-10-25 14:38:19
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Would you like your frog flash cooked or freeze dried 
How about freeze-drying and milling him?
Wait until spores show up in hospitals... if you want to kick it up a

@_date: 2001-10-04 01:09:08
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: WTC Crimes Against the Constitutionn Scene 
See Tomlinson on Psion memory sleight-of-hand...
Not that you were ready for it.  Fuck.  You innocent.
You need a decent spycam, or a real-time sat uplink, an ultralight to
cruise the urban canyans and buzz Ms liberty.  A guardian angel
Predator hovering over your shoulder.  Best leave the war_photog
to Declan and similar Youngsters, and other einsturzende neubauten
As if other more serious hobbyist documenters don't have Long lenses and
Sensitive film.
They must have picked up your antisocial electromagnetic emanations
cominng through your copper-mesh burkha; a lamb wearing an
aluminum-foil Stetson, gripping the 60 Mton phallus as it
GPS's its way home at 32 ft/sec^2, freezing on the way down
because its been shorn.
As if you're a fucking teenage arsonist-obsessive, coming back to enjoy
the scene.  Yeah, an architect ---he'd know the scoop on buildings
and physics, put him on our short list.  Shit, he's probably read the
Fountainhead.  Oooh, he's on *that* mailinglist too,
put him on our extradoubleplus short list.  Oh shit, he's got a document
and he knows how to use it.  Tap this bugger.  Seize his ass.  Ets.
First they pissed on themselves (d'oh; which wayz the wind blowin'?),
now they shit on themselves, brownshirts for sure.
Gotta thank the Muslim Falwells for accelerating things, Homeland
Fascism on
Internet Time.  We were getting bored with Condit anyway.

@_date: 2001-10-03 15:36:59
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: RIAA Legal Analysis 
I wonder if they violated any terms in the EULA during their
reverse engineering..
Material Contribution
 o FastTrack [XEROX] creates and licenses software primarily used for
the reproduction
   and distribution of copyrighted works.
 o FastTrack [ADOBE] created and controls encryption that ensures that
the network
   remains closed and insulated from outside monitoring.
 o [YAHOO] Provides a dynamic list of available supernodes where content
can be
   exchanged (possibly through the .38 server).
 o [YAHOO/GOOGLE] Continually updates the list of available supernodes
and communicates that
   information to users (likely through the .34 server).
 o [YAHOO] FastTrack, MusicCity and Grockster maintain log-in servers.

@_date: 2001-10-01 18:17:23
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Operation Lingering Pain (Re: [FREE] stratfor (fwd)) 
Heh, if labor takes too long you go in for a Caesarian.
Damn, those Romans showing up again...
Maybe that's what they mean by a "surgical strike"...
Bluffs will be published if comical but otherwise ignored. -JY

@_date: 2001-10-01 15:37:30
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
Balkans, just before WWI.  Poison gas followed that one (too).

@_date: 2001-10-01 15:34:53
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: America needs therapy 
Hey, you should have seen what California was paying for hits of natural
early in the summer...
As long as you get a reliable, clean supply you can be healthy &
(like the founder of John's Hopkins, a medical morphine addict).
just needs to get a better supplier than those flaky arabs who are
having violent family spats.
 'for, while it may only be a cynic who questions the
benign intent of their current rulers, it would surely be a fool who
believed that such benevolence is assured in the future.

@_date: 2001-10-04 01:25:51
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Re: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
Or for readers to take "Google" as representative
of wget-crazed ephemeral rogue libertarian librarians.

@_date: 2001-10-25 14:45:13
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: web.archive.org Internet archive to open ---google + archeology 
Hey Mitch  --Another part of your permenant record
By JOSEPH MENN, Times Staff Writer
SAN FRANCISCO -- An Internet archive containing more text than any
library in history will open its digital doors today, giving researchers
and the public access to just about everything posted on the World Wide
Web over the last five years.
The free archive, created by a San Francisco computer entrepreneur named
Brewster Kahle, allows academics to conduct the electronic equivalent of
archeological digs, rooting through reams of material illustrating the
evolution of the Web and its role in American society.
The Internet Archive, informally called the Wayback Machine, holds more
than 10 billion Web pages dating to 1996, including millions that had
vanished as dot-coms collapsed, big companies scaled back or updated
their offerings, and hobbyist Webmasters lost interest.
Researchers and academics have likened Kahle to a modern-day Andrew
Carnegie, the steel baron who endowed many of the nation's finest
"Libraries are dedicated to collecting and making available the
permanent historical record," said Diane Kresh, the Library of Congress'
director for public service collections. She said trolling the Net is as
significant as gathering books or periodicals.
Want to see what the Heaven's Gate cult page looked like before the
group's mass suicide? There it is. Want to see how Yahoo's pages have
changed since 1996? Step this way. Pages published by everyone from
Fortune 500 companies to renegade porn merchants are stashed in the
Internet Archive.
The five-year, multimillion-dollar project has amassed five times as
much text as the Library of Congress, which helped fund the archive
along with Compaq Computer Corp., the National Science Foundation and
the Smithsonian Institution. The more-than 100 terabytes of data are
housed on 300 modified Hewlett-Packard desktop computers in a basement
at San Francisco's Presidio.
The effort to record Internet history has been directed and largely
financed by Kahle, a 41-year-old former supercomputer technologist who
sold one Web firm to America Online and another to Amazon.com.
"The opportunity of our time is to offer universal access to all of
human knowledge," Kahle said Wednesday from his office in the Presidio,
a decommissioned military base near the Golden Gate Bridge. "We're at a
unique point in time to offer universal access to anyone who walks into
a library in Uganda."
The Internet Archive uses automated "bots" to scour the Web. They
capture sites and return what they find to the computers at the
Presidio. The archive updates every two months. Once captured, the sites
are organized chronologically. Users type in a Web address, and the
archive displays versions of that site since 1996.
Sites that require passwords or block bots are not captured. And if
someone objects to their site being copied, the archive removes it.
As smaller, less accessible versions of the archive were being compiled,
Kahle's 30 staffers got a few complaints. After the staff explained that
it wasn't personal, that they were copying everyone's sites, the vast
majority decided they didn't mind, Kahle said.
"Most people say, 'You're crazy, but go for it,' " Kahle said. "People
want to be part of history."
Candidates to use the service, at web.archive.org, include academics,
journalists and researchers.
"It will allow researchers to study the evolution of the Web in a way
that is unprecedented," said research scientist Ed Chi of the Xerox Palo
Alto Research Center. He said Xerox PARC scientists already are working
on new user interfaces based on what the archive showed them about how
people looked for information.
Early on, "we suspect people will go look for their own pages and see if
they can get copies of things that they've lost," Kahle said. "We're not
exactly sure how this is going to be used. We're looking forward to
being surprised."
Like many Internet pioneers, however, Kahle faces unfamiliar risks along
with the opportunities. The Internet Archive may be a massive violation
of copyright law.
"Brewster is taking an extraordinarily personal risk, because this is
potentially a criminal offense," said Lawrence Lessig, an expert on
intellectual property in cyberspace at Stanford University.
Kahle doesn't anticipate getting sued, let alone serving jail time. His
plan is to post whatever he can--and keep the archive growing.
"We're not here to test laws," Kahle said. "We're trying to build a
world we want to live in. The world without a library is a world without
a memory, and that would be tragic."
The legal questions may take years to resolve, Kahle and Lessig said.
Consider the Industry Standard. At least some of that defunct magazine's
articles are back online through Kahle's archive. But shareholder IDG
paid more than $1 million for the Standard's assets, including rights to
those stories. An IDG spokeswoman declined to say whether the company
would ask the archive to drop the articles.
Kahle said he isn't worrying about the hypotheticals. He's more excited
about finding early  pages from 1996 that dealt with
airport safety and bioterrorism.
Even better is what's to come.
"The woman who is going to be elected president in 2024 is in high
school now, and I bet she has a home page," Kahle said. "We have the
future president's home page!"
