
@_date: 2004-12-07 19:08:01
@_author: 1 Sales 
@_subject: Reduce Cellulite. Proven Alternative to Cosmetic Surgery! 
Dear Do you ever feel uncomfortable when people see your legs? If so, this trial offer might be just for you.
There's a new product called BodyShape that uses a patent pending method that actually dehydrates the fat cells in your skin! You simply rub the lotion on twice a day and you'll be thrilled to watch your cellulite disappear.
Say goodbye to "cottage cheese" thighs! The best part is that the manufacturer is so confident that you'll love your skin that you can try BodyShape absolutely free. Let's face it....
when you see results, you'll keep buying it, right?
To get your sample: Click Here
BodyShape is the only product clinically proven to:
* Reduce Cellulite & Diminish Stretch Marks
* Increase Metabolism in Body Fat Cells
* Leave Skin Smoother
* Improve Skin Tone
BodyShape has been featured on TV, Radio, and in magazine publications across the country.
Here's what satisfied users have to say:
"I used Body Shape for five weeks, to my complete surprise it really worked. I must say I didn't think this would be effective, but it did more than I ever expected." - Kimberly Quinn "I purchased your product last year and have found it quite effective. It works much better than another brand I had previously tried." - Irene A. "My skin not only felt soft and smooth, but I also noticed that my skin is becoming firmer." - Cynthia Cornaglia "There was noticeable improvement in my skin's tone and texture within two weeks." - K.E. Jones Give BodyShape a try.... you'll feel better about the way you look and you're sure to enjoy the warm weather much more this year! There's no obligation - respond now!
Click Here
To unsubscribe from future Body Shape offers please click here:
Adv Body Shape
11240 Playa Court
Culver City, CA 90230
This is a commercial advertisement which you have received because you have registered to receive special offers and promotions through one of our affiliate networks.
To be removed from future mailings please go to the unsubscribe link or send postal mail to the following corporate address:
3940 Laurel Canyon Blvd., Studio City, CA 91604
If you would like to stop receiving our mailings, please click:
Report this email as unsolicited: To unsubscribe from future Body Shape offers, please click hereAdv Body Shape . 11240 Playa Court . Culver City . CA . 90230
This is a commercial advertisement which you have received because you have registered to receive special notices through one of our affiliate networks.  To stop receiving future mailings please go to the link below or send postal mail to the following corporate address:
3940 Laurel Canyon Blvd., Studio City, CA 91604
If you would like to stop receiving our mailings, please click this link. Report this email as unsolicited.
