
@_date: 2001-09-22 22:59:51
@_author: Symbol: CBYI 
@_subject: technology helps passanger safety 
, THARONR    CBYI helps with your security
ANALYST BUY RECOMMENDATION
Every Airplane passenger will NOW be safer!Cal-Bay International, a leader in safety monitoring, has committed
resources to thier "smell technology" divison to help make our
nation a safer place.  Review recent news to see why Licensed
Investment Advisors are NOW recommending you buy stock in
Cal Bay (Symbol: CBYI).
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE!
ANALYST BUY RECOMMENDATION:
Cal-Bay International Inc.             (Symbol: CBYI)
A       REGISTERED INVESTMENT ADVISOR just released an investment opinion       RECOMMENDING Cal-Bay (CBYI): ...as a Speculative Long-Term BUY.       ...will hit a price target of $2.00 by 2002 and $5.00 by 2003!       ...achieve earnings growth of 200 to 250% in the next 2 years.       ...achieve earnings of approximately 25¢ per share by 2003.
Click HERE for QUOTE, News & full Investment Report!
QUOTES FROM THE INVESTMENT ADVISORS:
"A positive long-term investment opportunity exists with CBYI."       "We anticipate that liquidity will increase as well as coverage by       additional analysts."       "The company has developed a network of strategic alliances that are       designed to assist the company in obtaining a DOMINANT MARKET SHARE."       The current market in which Cal-Bay operates is currently estimated to       exceed $900 million. Estimates calling for $25 Billion in sales by the       year 2003."       "We expect the company to achieve it's current goal of Nasdaq OTCBB       listing by the 4th quarter of 2001. Once on the larger exchange, we       anticipate that liquidity will increase."       "We anticipate earnings will grow at a more rapid pace than revenues       as a result of expanding net margins as well as the reduction of certain       overhead costs that can be eliminated as a result of the expected       acquisitions." Click HERE for QUOTE, News & full Investment Report!
OTHER REASONS TO OWN THE STOCK: CBYI IS GROWING AT A RAPID RATE. EARNINGS PER SHARE IS INCREASING!       CBYI is one of the FASTEST growing companies in distributing       environmental and safety equipment instruments.       CBYI is a profitable company, has NO DEBT and is on track to beat ALL       earnings estimates.       CBYI has increased revenue of 50% annually!       CBYI is a fully reporting SEC compliant company that has been in       business since 1976.       CBYI has an excellent management team with several EXCLUSIVE contracts       and an IMPRESSIVE client list including: Anheuser-Busch, Chevron Refining,       Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, GE-Energy & Environmental Research and       the U.S. Air Force.       CBYI share price keeps going UP, UP, and UP! Click HERE for QUOTE, News & full Investment Report!
RAPIDLY GROWING INDUSTRY. Hold on tight for the largest Oil       and Natural Gas expansion in U.S. History. Demand for Energy is at its       highest level putting tremendous pressure on Scientific & Technical       Instrumentation companies like CBYI. There is rapid expansion in the       energy industry with the need for more power plants and cheaper fuel. CBYI       is a major benefactor of this growing need because it supplies specialized       "Smell Technology" analyzers for industrial applications in Natural Gas       production and transmission.
Note: Quotes are not available on every Financial Websites. This       will be corrected with the recent 10-SB filing.
Click HERE to be PERMANENTLY       REMOVED! * NOTE: ALL removes honored. ALL IP addresses       are LOGGED!
Certain statements contained in this news release may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of  The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by such terms as "expect", "believe", "may", "will", and "intend" or similar terms. We are NOT a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer. This is NOT an offer to buy or sell securities. No recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased, sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies. This is an independent electronic publication that was paid $27,000 in cash by a non-affiliated, third party consultant for the electronic dissemination of this company information. Be advised that investments in companies profiled are considered to be high-risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes only. If anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker, if any party decides to participate as an investor then it will be that investor's sole risk. Be advised that the purchase of such high-risk securities may result in the loss of some or all of the investment. The profiled companies make no warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or the completeness of the disclosure. Investors should not rely solely on the information presented. Rather, investors should use the information provided by the profiled companies as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the profiled companies in order to allow the investor to form his or her own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies. Factual statements made by the profiled companies are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice. The receipt of this information shall not create, under any circumstances, any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the company profiled since the date of review. Investing in micro-cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk and uncertainties. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, see the SEC filings of CBYI including the company's most recent annual and quarterly reports. It is possible that an investor's entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled. The owners of this publication may already own free trading shares in CBYI and may immediately sell all or a portion of these shares into the open market at or about the time this report is published. Subsequently we may from time to time buy or sell shares of CBYI in the open market. All information provided on the profiled companies may include information provided by outside sources, such as research reports, public filings, web sites or computer databases. Copyright © 2001
