
@_date: 2004-08-17 07:23:32
@_author: Botanical Beauty 
@_subject: Discover natural beauty 
Introducing Yves Rocher - the world's  in botanical
            beauty care, trusted by over 30 million women in 90 countries. This
            introductory offer is value priced at up to 50% savings and more on
            Lavender body care products and other best-selling botanical beauty
            products, so that you can discover why over 30 million trust their
            beauty to Yves Rocher.
            natural beauty care created for the way real women live. Body
            products that turn self-care into a celebration instead of a chore.
            Caressing, skin-friendly textures. Light but lingering fragrances.
            All botanically based and hypoallergenic. This introductory offer is
            the perfect way to enjoy the rich and satisfying benefits of natural
            beauty at over 50% off!
When you place an order from this special
                                introductory offer you will receive a
                                FREE Classic Carry-All Bag and a FREE Lavender Fragrance - a $16.50 value.                                And  great value gets even
                                better - when your order reaches $14.00 or more,
                                Shipping and Handling is FREE. That's an
                                additional savings of $4.95.
            this opportunity to enjoy nature's most heavenly offerings at
            down-to-earth prices!Visit here to start
            shopping now!Jeanne MoraisDirector of Client
            RelationsYvesRocherUSA.comNeed help to shop online? Don't be shy! Email, us at customer_service
            you do not wish to receive Yves Rocher's e-offers from any of Yves
            Rocher's partners, please visit
            here or write to
            Box 60090, Brooklyn, NY 11206-0090
This promotion cannot
            be combined with any other promotions. Credit-orders are subject to
            approval by Yves Rocher. Yves Rocher reserves the right to modify or
            cancel this promotion due to system error, fraud or unforeseen
            difficulties. Promotion is valid for US residents
        only.
