
@_date: 2014-03-23 03:00:33
@_author: Sylvester Liang 
@_subject: Re: "Whew, wondered where we'd put those 200,000 BTC!" 
What the  cryptocurrency ecosystem needs to realize, is that the protection
of the  customer must be  foremost. BTC is a  great  system for sellers and
receivers, however there is  very little  protection for the buyer
and Caveat emptor is not going to work as a scapegoat any more. It is time
that businesses not only exchanges but  payment processors, shopping sites,
 wallet services, etc needs to start standardizing proper security
What we need is an active change in the cryptocurrency industry. A
formation of a independent decentralized certifying agency, that can audit,
check and provide policy and  guidelines  for  cryptocurrency based
businesses. It should be self regulated and highly transparent and should
only work  with business.
What this body would do, is have a checklist of requirement that each
business has to fulfill in terms of IT Security, Customer service policy,
accounting and book keeping, Tax policy (according to each country),
Independent review of the  Code being  implemented, Approved hardware, and
physical security and inspection. Basis which the  business is given an
 accredit score.
The scoring system should be such, that it allows small start ups to
improve score and not reflect negatively. There should be guidelines that
businesses can follow to gain higher scores if they decide to implement
those guidelines, the most important thing that the body needs to do, is to
promote new businesses to start and help them improve on Security, Customer
service and Accounting. These are the three fundamental thing that needs to
be checked and  audited. Protecting customer by implementing a rating
system is what's needed at this time.
I dont know if this is  viable but i think it may work.

@_date: 2014-03-21 14:48:35
@_author: Sylvester Liang 
@_subject: Re: "Whew, wondered where we'd put those 200,000 BTC!" 
Try asking gox if they lend you the 200,000 BTC to do that.

@_date: 2014-03-21 14:44:16
@_author: Sylvester Liang 
@_subject: Re: "Whew, wondered where we'd put those 200,000 BTC!" 
Just shows that gox was run by a bunch of unprofessional bunch.
