
@_date: 2004-08-27 17:40:27
@_author: Rhett Bozek 
@_subject: Rhett Don't Miss The Ride On CSBI,epyvoa 
Breaking News for CSBI - Carroll   Shelby International, Inc
 HUGE   PR CAMPAIGN EXPECTED - CSBI Announce news with FORD
Carroll   Shelby Unveils New Ford Shelby GR-1 Concept
 Current Price : $1.953
  3-5 Days target: $3.25
  2 Weeks Target: $3.69
Carroll Shelby   Unveils New Ford Shelby GR-1 Concept  CSBI - BIG   PROFITS EXPECTED IN THIS ONE !!!
The stock   is expected to explode on 26th of August and the days after with a huge promotion   going over the weekend.
Technical Indicators   Say - Buy CSBI to 3.00!
 Significant short term trading profits in   CSBI are being predicted, great news already issued by the company and   big PR campaign on the way in the next few days.
Carroll Shelby International, Inc. is the parent company of Shelby Automobiles and Carroll Shelby Licensing. Shelby Automobiles Inc. is manufacturing high performance Shelby vehicles under the guidance of the legendary Carroll Shelby and will be involved in prototype manufacturing, design and engineering projects; and plans to increase production and availability of these Shelby products through an expanded dealer network and direct sales under a license agreement with Carroll Shelby Licensing Inc. Carroll Shelby Licensing Inc., founded in 1988, is the exclusive holder   of automotive manufacturer and entrepreneur Carroll Shelby's trademarks and   vehicle design rights, which include some of the world's most famous muscle   cars and high-performance vehicles, including the car that brought home to the   U.S. it's first and only FIA World Manufacturers Championship in 1965, the famous   Shelby Cobra Daytona Coupe. It also holds trademark rights for Shelby-branded   apparel, accessories and collectibles.
How many times have you seen good stocks but you couldn't get your hands   on them in the right moment? We are alerting you to a special company with a   unique product that is set to be profiled by many newsletters in the next 5-10   days -- this is your chance to get in!
We Expect some strong demand for this stock in the near Get on Board now and enjoy some great profits with CSBI
 NEWS RELEASE
LOS ANGELES, Aug 20, 2004 /PRNewswire-FirstCall via COMTEX/ -- Carroll Shelby International, Inc. (CSBI) , announced today that Carroll Shelby, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Ford Motor Company (F) , unveiled the new Ford Shelby GR-1 concept sports car at the 2004 Concorso Italiano automotive show in Monterey, CA. A uniquely emotional American sports car design that makes a bold statement about future product, the Ford Shelby GR-1 takes the performance car genre in a new and exciting direction. Combining modern sculptured surfaces in a sleek, muscular fastback design, the Ford Shelby GR-1 is a front-engined, two-seat supercar based on the architecture of the Ford GT, and infused with the kind of emotional automotive inspiration only Carroll Shelby can deliver. "We're reinventing our performance heritage with a race-inspired reminder of the kind of cars that made the world sit up and take notice of American automotive design and prowess," says Carroll Shelby. "Forty years ago we upended the racing world with our powerful machines and changed the face of production cars in the process. With the new Ford Shelby Cobra concept and the GR-1 we're ramping up to do it again." Working closely with the Ford Design Team and Advanced Product Creation Group, Shelby helped draft a sinewy, athletic design with a powerfully proportioned, elongated hood that blends seamlessly into a teardrop-shaped cabin. Optimized wheel arches and compact overhangs define the GR-1's unique styling while its dramatic fenders dart rearward into curvaceous haunches that enhance the car's aggressive stance and width. How many times have you seen good stocks but you couldn't get your hands on them             in the right moment? We are alerting you to a special company with a unique product that is set to be             profiled by many newsletters in the next 5-10 days -- this is your chance to get in!
  St ate men t
 brainy For, ward l, ooking st, ateme, nts   are bas, ed on expe, ctat, ions, esti, mates and projec, tions at the ti, me   the st, atemen, ts are mad, e that in. volve a n. umber of ri. sks and un. cert,   ainties which could c, ause act, ual results or ev, ents to diff, er materially   from those p, resently ant, icipated. For, w. ard lo. ok. ing sta. tem. ents.   in th. is act. ion m. ay be ide. ntified thr, ough the use of words such as:   pro. jects fo. re.s ee ex. pects est imates be. lieves un derstands will p art   of ant, icipates or that b y sta, temen ts in. dicating certain ac tions may   co uld or m ight o ccur. A ll infor ma tion provided wit hin this em, ail pert,   aining to inv, esting s, toc, ks se, cur it ies mus t b e unde rs too d as inf   o rma tion provided and not in vest ment ad vice. Emer ging Eq uity Al ert ad   vises all re aders an d subs cribers to se ek adv ice from a regis tered prof   ess ional se curi ties repr esenta tive befor e dec iding to trad e in st oc   ks fe atu red withi n th is e ma il. None of the material within this re po   rt sh all be con, strued as a, ny kind of i, nve stment advi ce. Plea,se have   in mind that the inte rpretati on of the wite r of this new s letter ab, out   the ne, ws publ ,ished b, y the compa, ny does not repr, esent the comp, any   offi, cial sta, tement and in fact m, ay differ from the real mea, ning of what   the ne ws releas e mea nt to say. Plea se r, ead the n, ews release by your,   self and jud, ge by yours, elf abou, t the de, tails in it. Ad, vertiser is   being, pa ,id 145, 0, 0 for th is adv ertisem, ent riyal prominent implicate
obtrusive gloss misfortune mainsheet pulp J47)127_mE9xL8m5B6fCw8fa1(28wJ6L
