
@_date: 2002-03-08 03:13:37
@_author: "Wall Street Reports" 
@_subject: (OTCBB: PALR) Makes its Way into a Highly Lucrative Industry 
Street Reports
(OTCBB: PALR) Makes
        its Way into a Highly Lucrative Industry
                Featured Company
                Current Stock Price
                52 Week Trading Range 
                Enterprises (OTCBB: PALR)
                10 Cents
                0.08 - $2.75 (Low/High)
Does Anyone Owe YOU
        Money? 
        we present to you a company entering a highly profitable and rapidly
        field.  The debt collection
        industry is one that will grow in the face of economic difficulty. 
        As the economy worsens, more and more companies will see rising
        levels of debt.  Many of
        these will attempt to avoid repaying their debts. 
        As a result, this increases the need for debt collection
        agencies.  An estimated
        $135 billion in delinquent consumer debt placed for collection in 2000
        is being serviced by over 6,500 collection agencies and 1,600 credit
        reporting  agencies. 
        According to the Nilson Report, a leading authority on payment systems, 
        this is almost double the $73 billion placed for collection in
        1990. 
PALR Investment
        Highlights
1.  A
        Rapidly Growing Industry    The debt
        collection industry almost  
            doubled from 1990 to 2000 going from $73
        billion to $135 billion
2.  The
        Right Partner    PALR's joint venture partner
        "People Locator" 
             has a successful operating history of more than
        24 years.
3.  High Profit Margins   
        Last year a predecessor company of PALR 
              earned $137 million on revenues of $206
        million - a net profit 
              margin of 67%
4.  Top
        Notch Management   
        PALR's CEO (Terry Nield) founded 
             Clearly Canadian Beverage Corp. and has taken
        part in various 
             other successful business ventures. 
        (OTCBB: PALR) and People Locator intend to participate in a joint
        venture in order to establish an integrated debt acquisition and
        collection company.  The
        venture will be named Regency Horizon. 
                the Debt Collection Industry
Debt Collecting is
          all about locating the debtor.  Debtors move leaving no forwarding address on financial
          obligations, expecting the statue of limitations to expire. 
          The growth of the debt collection industry has been
          substantial, especially in the face of the recent economic decline. 
          In fact…
The debt collection
          industry almost doubled from 1990 to 2000 going from $73 billion
          to $135 billion.
Fueled by the
          ever-increasing amount of consumer and commercial debt; the growing
          use of outsourcing accounts receivable management and other services
          by credit grantors; and the sale of performing and non-performing
          debt, collection agency revenues have reached an all time high. 
Combined revenues
          of the top ten companies in this field increased dramatically from $910
          million in 1995, to $2.5 billion in 2000.
Credit cards of all
          kinds will generate charge volume of $516.11 billion in the U.S.
          this year. Of that amount, $261.66 billion (51%) will become
          revolving debt by year-end. With 111.3 million Americans
          maintaining 5.7 credit-card accounts of which 3.2 were active (used at
          least once) during the year, there are 354.6 million active accounts
          with average outstanding balances of $738 each. Outstanding
          balances per cardholder this year will average $2,793.
                Locator: A Strategic Partner
          the continuation of the current recession, more and more debtors are
          moving and ignoring their financial obligations. Understandably, there
          doesn't seem to be an end to this ever-growing problem in the near
          future. Companies, including collection agencies, are downsizing or
          filing bankruptcy. The industry is deeply in need of real solutions,
          not automated searches.
People Locator
          fits perfectly into the picture. 
          People Locator has a lengthy history of locating the debtor’s
          current address, plus their source of income. They locate the missing
          debtors using unique and proprietary methods.
           With a history of more
          than 24 years, People Locator has been successful in locating up
          to 75% of its clients.  This
          has propelled People Locator to its current status as one of the
          nation’s leading debt locator firms.
PALR’s strategic
          relationship with People Locator Inc. will give the company access to
          existing portfolios of debt.
                Horizon: A Sensible Synergy
The joint venture
          between PALR and People Locator will be known as Regency
          Horizon. A combination of the expertise of both companies will
          position Regency as a unique and innovative debt collection agency. How will this work?
          will purchase debt from credit companies for pennies on the dollar and
          will collect on the full amount owed to the creditor. 
          For example, if Regency purchased $10 million dollars worth of
          debt for $200,000, then anything collected over $200,000.00 is pure
          profit for Regency (in this case, up to $9.8 million). 
          With the success rate of People Locator and the ingenuity of
          Regency they expect to have returns somewhere around 1,000% or $2.0
          million. 
In addition,
          Regency has exclusive or near-exclusive “forward flow”
          agreements to buy charge-offs at a predetermined price from 15 of
          the top 25 bank credit-card issuers, locking out competitors for
          one to five years.  This
          ensures a constant flow of “investors” for Regency. 
Regency, once they
          have located the debtor, can enter into financial arrangements with
          the debtor to recover the full or partial debt over a period time.
          Regency will provide flexible terms for the repayment ranging
          from days, months or even over years depending on the debtor’s
          ability to pay. 
With the revenue
          produced by Regency they can purchase more debt, collect and
          purchase further debt, and aggressively market new products and
          services to these account debtors and convert these non-performing
          receivables into performing receivables. 
                Strong Management
So far, the
          emerging debt acquisition industry has proven very profitable. Last
          year a predecessor company of Regency Financial earned $137 million
          on revenues of $206 million. That's a net margin of 67%
          made possible because the company sells loan pool for far more than it
          pays. There is still plenty of business to tap as issuers enjoy the
          advantage of instant cash and reduced collection expenses. 
PALR brings a strong management team to operate this new venture,
          namely:
          W. Neild (CEO) a professional account who founded Clearly Canadian
Beverage and other successful public companies;
          Wenzloff (President & COO) with a strong banking background,
          Wenzloff has recently worked with Mexico’s Bancomer, Mexico’s 2nd
          largest bank with 7 divisions, 50 regions and 800 branches
          managing the credit card division and has been a Project
          Manager specializing in Operations & Risk Management for a
          number of American banks;
          Carl D. MacBride, founder & CEO of People Locator, Inc.
          which has been in business for 24 years finding debtors for most of
          the large American banks, and is recognized nationally as one of
          the leading firms in its field.
          Final Word 
          With impressive credentials, the growing role of debt
          collection agencies, and the backing of a strong and seasoned
          management team, PALR is positioned to enjoy the benefits
          of a rapidly growing, profitable industry. 
          At its current price of just 10 cents, PALR presents
          tremendous upside potential for the speculative investor. 
          Look for various
          exciting announcements within the near future as this story continues
          to unfold.
To be removed from future mailings,
        please respond         to this email with "Remove" in the subject line.
        within this email contains "forward looking statements" within
        the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B
        of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that express or
        involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs,
        plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or
        performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
        "forward looking statements."
        Forward looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and
        projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks
        and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
        materially from those presently anticipated. Forward looking statements
        in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
        "projects", "foresee", “expects’”, “will,” 
        “anticipates,” “estimates,” “believes,”
        "understands" or that by statements indicating certain actions
        “may,” “could,” or “might” occur.  All information
        provided within this email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
        must be understood as information provided and not investment advice.
        Wall Street Reports advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
        from a registered professional securities representative before deciding
        to trade in stocks featured within this email.  None of the
        material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment
        advice. 
        In compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b), Wall Street
        Reports  discloses the receipt of eighty thousand unrestricted
        shares of PALR from a third party for the publication of this report and
        additional services related to
        PALR. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from our
        intent to profit from the sale of these shares.  Shares may be
        liquidated at any time, even after we have made positive statements
        regarding the above company. All factual information in this report
        was gathered from public sources, including but not limited to SEC
        filings, Company Press Releases, and Market Guide. 
        Wall Street Reports believes this information to be reliable
        but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the
        material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
To be removed from future mailings,
        please respond         to this email with "Remove" in the subject line.
Click here to be removed from this mailing list.
