
@_date: 2004-07-13 15:45:46
@_author: "Mr Bruno Williams" 
@_subject: Matura Understanding 
Dear Sir/Madam
I am Bruno Williams the only son of late former Director
of finance,Chief MishackWilliams of Sierra-Leone
diamond and mining corporation.I must confess my
agitation is real, and my words is my bond, in this
proposal. My late father diverted this money meant for
purchase of ammunition, for my country, during the
peak of disastrous civil war in my country, now he has deposited the money
in the BANK in Benin, where I am residing under political asylum with my
mother Mrs SERA LEMINE and younger sister. Now the war in my country is over
with the help of ECOMOG soldiers, the present government of Sierra Leone has
revoked the passport of all officers who served under the former regime and
now ask countries to expel such person at the same time freeze their account
and confiscate their asset, it is on this note that I am contacting you, all
I needed from you is to furnish me with your bank particulars:
1) Account name
2) Account number
3) Bank address, telephone and fax number
For you to assist me transfer this money in your
private bank account, the said amount is (Thirty-five Million,five hundred
Dollars) USD$35.5m. I am compensating you with 20 % of the total money
amount,while 10% will be maped out for expensis to be incured during the
transfer.Now all my hope is banked on you and I really wants to invest this
money in your country, were their is stability of Government, political and
economic welfare. Honestly, I want you to believe that this transaction is
real and never a joke. My late father Chief MESHACK WILLIAMS gave me the
certificate of deposit issued to him by the BANK on the date of deposit, for
you to be clarify because, I do not expose my self to anybody I see, I
believe that you are able to keep this transaction secret for me because
this money is the hope of my life, it is important. Please call me
immediately after you must have gone through my message on this private
telephone number:(229)91 33 24 fill free and make it urgent. That is the
reason why I offered you 20 % of the total amount. N.B Try and negotiate for
me some profitable blue chip investment opportunities which is risk free to
invest with this money when it is transferred to your account, personally I
am interested in estate management and hotel business, please advise meAnd
promise me my younger sister and our mother to be a father considering our
situation and not to betray us. my late father used me the only son as the
beneficiary / next of kin on the day of deposit and also told me I need a
foreign assistance of a foreigner with a legitimate bank Account abroad who
will stand as co-beneficiary and partner abroad. Thanks and God bless Best
regards, Bruno Williams Please contact me on my direct alternative email
