
@_date: 2002-03-21 12:42:41
@_author: Elizabeth Bell 
@_subject: I haven't heard from you lately. 
Enlargement - Guaranteed Results
 Does Size Matter?
This is a common question, does size really matter when it
                comes to sexually satisfaction for a woman? Can you really give
                her MORE PLEASURE if you had a bigger penis? Despite what women
                tell you in an attempt to not hurt your feelings, the answer is
                a resounding YES. YES, you can give your woman more pleasure
                with a larger penis. It's all biological. A woman's vagina is
                lined with nerve endings that create pleasure sensations, and
                having a bigger penis means having more surface area to
                stimulate these nerve endings, giving her, you guessed it, MORE
                PLEASURE!!!
Let's look at some sad, but true facts:
The average erect penis size is just 6.16". Over 90%
                    of all men possess this size.
30 Million men in the USA alone suffer from Erectile
                    Dysfunction (Impotence)
                  The majority of men have very poor blood circulation to
                    the penis.
                  By age 29, 96% of men cannot gain erections 1/5 as much as
                    when they were 20.
                  Over 98% of men would increase the size of their penis if
                    they knew how.
                  93% of Women have never achieved an orgasm during
                    intercourse, and 76% admit that they are dissatisfied with
                    their partners sexual performance.
                  99% of all men have a weaker, smaller and underdeveloped
                    penis to what they could possess.
Now You Can Have a MASSIVE
                PENIS!!!
You can massively
                increase your penis size in as little as 2 weeks. Best of all, there are no pumps, weights,
                pain, and especially no dangerous and expensive
                surgery involved. According to a recent survey, men who
                successfully enlarge their penises report feeling much more
                confident. You not only look better, you also feel better. Your
                wife or girlfriend will be much happier, too. Cure Impotence and
                Premature Ejaculation. Boost your self-image. Be the MAN you've
                always wanted to be!
                PERMANENT RESULTS
                OR YOU GET A FULL REFUND!
                        and Effective - You Won't Be Disappointed
 To
                        learn more, or to hear what satisfied customers have to
                        say, click on the link below.
                        I would like to learn more about your
                        Guaranteed Penis Enlargement Program!
To remove your address from the mailing list, click on
        the link below:
        Remove
        my address from the mailing list.
