
@_date: 2002-06-23 22:13:10
@_author: Generally Regarded As Safe 
@_subject: Beat ANY Drug Test.. Guaranteed! 
BENEFITS:Quick-Detox is a system cleanser, formulated especially for
those facing a urine screening, but effective for anyone who would
like to detoxify his or her bloodstream. Each bottle contains 40
all-natural capsules, filled with only the finest pharmaceutical
grade botanicals.Need to flush
your system fast? Certified Natural Quick-Detox canrid your body
of all traces of toxins in as little as two hours!Made from all natural pharmaceutical grade botanicals,
Quick-Detox is more than twice as effective as many other leading
brands, has a 99.92% success rate, and is completely
seems everywhere you turn these days someone is trying to place
limits on your personal freedom. We've all heard stories of friends
and coworkers losing their jobs over unfair and wildly inaccurate
drug tests. Many times employees are wrongly accused of using
illegal narcotics due to 'false positive' drug test results which
can be brought on by substances as common as over-the-counter cold
and allergy medications.Thanks to the ingenuity of Certified Natural Laboratories'
staff of chemists, you no longer need to worry about your private
activities jeopardizing your professional career. Unlike most
detoxification products, which must be used weeks in advance of
testing, Quick-Detox completely flushes your system of all traces
of contaminants in as little as two hours!Certified Natural Laboratories takes great
care in ensuring that all of our products are made from only the
finest ingredients available. Unlike 90% of the cleansing products
on the market, Quick-Detox contains absolutely no fillers,
lubricants or additives which can be easily detected with modern
drug tests. Quick-Detox contains 100% of the FDA's recommended
daily intake for 12 vitamins and 4 essential minerals. As the
flushing process can rid your body of certain nutrients, it is
essential to replenish them. Low levels of certain vitamins and
minerals often raise the suspicions of the testing
personnel.Please Note: Consumers
should be wary of purchasing any urine cleansing product that does
not offer a legitimate money back guarantee. We are so confident
you will be pleased with the results that we offer a complete
satisfaction, money back guarantee!ANSWERS TO COMMON
QUESTIONS1. How does Quick-Detox
capsules quickly and safely flush your system of toxins, using a
unique formula developed by chemists. Quick-Detox works by
assisting your body in removing all traces of toxins, while
simultaneously replinishing Vitamins and Minerals that are depleted
by the detoxification process.2. Is Quick-Detox
safe?Yes! Quick-Detox is an all natural nutritional
supplement which contains no additives or fillers. All of the
ingredients used in Quick-Detox are listed on the FDA's GRAS
(Generally Regarded As Safe) list.3. How long does it take
before I will test clean?You will need to begin taking
Quick-Detox at least two to three hours prior to the time you are
to be tested.4. For how long will I
continue to test clean?Generally, once
your system has been cleansed with Quick-Detox, you will test clean
for at least five to tenhours.5. I'm not a drug user.
Why should I consider using
Quick-Detox?Sadly, many common everyday
foods and medications can lead to a false positive on common drug
tests, resulting in unwarranted accusations. Common triggers
include fruit juices, cold and allergy medications, asprins,
prescription medications, etc.6. Are there any negative
side effects from using
Quick-Detox?Quick-Detox is an all natural herbal nutritional
supplement. Because you must consume a large amount of water prior
to testing, it is not recommended for use by anyone suffering from
kidney or gall bladder problems. As with any nutritional
supplement, you may want to consult with a physician before
using.7. Does Quick-Detox
conatin any additives or fillers that might show up on a urine
test?No it does not!
Quick-Detox is 100% free from additives and
fillers.8. Why is it so important
to closely follow the usage
instructions?When used
properly, Quick-Detox is incredibly effective at removing all
traces of toxins from your system. However, if the usage
instructions are not followed, we can not guarantee the desired
results.9. How long will it take
to get my order?We ship all orders via Priority Mail, which
generally takes 2-3 days to arrive. Most packages are shipped the
same day the order is received.10. Is it safe to order
online?Absolutely! We
use the safest credit card processing system on the internet. All
information about your order is encrypted, and cannot be viewed by
anyone else. Ordering online using this state-of-the-art processing
system is actually much safer than using your credit card in a
restaurant or at the mall.11. Is Quick-Detox shipped
discreetly?Yes it
is! Quick-Detox is sent in a standard shipping box with no
indication whatsoever as to what is contained
inside.12. What ingredients are
used in Quick-Detox?Quick-Detox is
an all natural herbal nutritional supplement. Quick-Detox's unique
formula was developed by chemists with over 45 years experience in
this field.13. How does Quick-Detox differ from other
detoxification products?Certified Natural Laboratories is commited
to providing your family with the most powerful, innovative
nutritional supplements on the market, made from only the finest
quality all natural ingredients available. Quick-Detox contains
absolutely no fillers, additives or lubricants, and is made from
100% pharmaceutical grade botanicals. Quick-Detox also contains
100% of the RDA for 12 essential Vitamins and four Minerals.
Quick-Detox may cost a little more than some of the lesser-quality
detoxification products, but isn't the additional peace of mind
worth it?14. How many
capsules/servings are in a bottle of
Quick-Detox?Each bottle of Quick-Detox contains 40 powerful
capsules, enough for two full detoxifications.15. How effective is
Quick-Detox at eliminating traces of
toxins?When used properly, we believe that Quick-Detox is
the most effective detoxification product available
anywhere.INGREDIENTSQuick-Detox Contains 100% of the Food & Drug
Administration's RDA (Recommended Daily Allowance) for 12 essential
Vitamins and Minerals, as well as 15,100% of the RDA for Vitamin B2
(one of the most powerful urine cleansing agents). In addition, Quick-Detox contains a proprietary blend of unique herbs which
have been shown to quickly and thoroughly remove all traces of
toxins from the system.The proprietary blend of herbs
found in Quick-Detox consists of:
Golden Seal - Golden Seal is the root of the American medicinal
plant Hydrastis Canadensis. Golden Seal has long been used as a
diuretic and astringent.Golden Rod Leaf - One of nature's most powerful astringents
and diuretics.
Uva Ursi Leaf - Uva Ursi (also called bearberry) contains
numerous phytochemicals which promote excretion of fluids, fight
bacteria, and strengthen heart muscles.
Alfalfa Leaf - Alfalfa leaf has an extraordinary ability to
alkalize and detoxify the body. It balances blood sugar and
hormones, and acts as a diuretic.
Creatine Monohydrate - Creatine is a high powered energy
precursor naturally found in red muscle tissue.
Chamomile - A traditional remedy for stress and anxiety,
chamomile acts as a diuretic and nerve tonic.
Juniper Berry - Acts as a diuretic, anti-inflamatory, and
decongestant. Very useful in helping to regulate blood sugar
Ligustrum Berry - Ligustrum Berry nourishes and tones the liver
and kidneys and increases blood circulation.
Licorice Root - Licorice root fights inflammation and viral,
bacterial and parasitic infection. Cleanses the colon, and enhances
microcirculation in the gastrointestinal lining.
Milk Thistle Seed - Also called Mary Thistle, Milk Thistle
protects the liver from toxins and pollutants by preventing free
radical damage and stimulating the production of new liver
Turmeric Tuber - Used throughout Southeast Asia and India for
thousands of years, Turmeric has been shown to aid circulation,
lower cholesterol, and improve blood vessel health. Healers have
used Tumeric for years for the treatment of obesity, as it is said
to cut the fat from the blood.
Barberry Root - Kills bacteria and stimulates intestinal
Corn Silk - Aids the bladder, kidney and intestines in removing
Gentian Root - Aids digestion and kills plasmodia.
Rice Flower - The protein in rice flour contains high levels of
Lysine, an essential amino acid that strengthens the circulatory
system and is necessary for all amino acid assimilation.
Peppermint Leaf - Increases stomach acidity, and slightly
anesthetizes mucous membranes.ORDER NOW!Afraid its not for you? Don't worry we offer a LIFETIME
Guarantee! If your not ecstatic with our product, just return the
unused portion for a FULL Refund!! No questions will be
 Thank you for your time and I hope to hear from you soon!
