
@_date: 2001-10-10 18:15:48
@_author: "Buzz LightYear" 
@_subject: Florida anthtrax was man made. 
CNN is reporting that the Anthrax strain found in Florida was developed in an Iowa laboratory during the 1950's.
However, they haven't named the lab or confirmed wether it is still in My guess it is the National Animal Disease Center (NADC) in Ames, Iowa and it is still in operation.
The NADC is large facility on the east side of Ames (also home to Iowa
State University, which has a well regarded agricultural and veterinary teaching and research programs).
The facility's security is fairly high (chain link fencing with barbed wire, security patrols, "US government property, NO Trespassing" signs, etc.).
From what I recall the NADC is the agricultural animal version of the
Center for Disease Control (CDC).
They do a lot of research on nasty animal diseases (Foot and Mouth disease for example). It wouldn't surprise me that they have fiddled around with What always made me nervous while living in Ames were the
several plots of land (5-10 acres in size ) around the facility. There was nothing (no trees or shrubs, just grass) around them and a small cluster of buildings in the center. There was always one building in the cluster with what appeared to be an incinerator stack protruding from it.
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-10-05 14:36:16
@_author: "Buzz LightYear" 
@_subject: Crypto FUD from ABCnews 
ABCnews.com has a story and a streaming video segment concerning Osam Bin Laden's use of Steganography.
 (Link to video on page).
My problem is in the video segment. The segment "demonstrates" the use of steganography buy showing 3 examples: 1. The floor plan of an aircraft hidden in an image of the Mona Lisa; 2. A satelite photo hidden in a Web Site image; 3. A Flight Schedule hidden in an MP3 file(Whitney Houston's renditon of "God Bless America" no less).
The way the video is edited impiles to a casual observer that these are actually images from from Bin Laden. Only a couple times do they mention in passing that it is a "Demonstration".
The slickly produced segment's only purpose seems to be to spread FUD about the use of Cryptography and Stegnaography.
Shame on them.
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
