
@_date: 2004-12-08 19:45:51
@_author: "Mrs Chantal Tambo" 
@_subject: Greetings... 
Good Day,
With warm hearts I offer you my greetings and friendship.I hope this letter meets you in good time. It will be surprising to you to receive this proposal from me since you do not know me personally.However, I am sincerely seeking your confidence in this transaction, which I propose with my free mind and as a person of integrity.My name is Mrs Chantal Tambo, the wife of late Mr Zhiri Tambo, a farmer from Zimbabwe who was murdered in a land dispute. As led by my instinct, I decided to contact you through email after searching for contacts via the Internet.
It is the only means I can contact anybody since I am cutting off ties with Zimbabwe for now. I apologize if this is not acceptable to you.
The purpose of this letter is to seek your assistance in a business venture. Due to the land and political problems in Zimbabwe and as a result of President Robert Mugabe's introduction of new Land Act Reform wholly affecting the rich white farmers and the few rich black farmers, all white farmers were asked to surrender their farms to the government for re-distribution and in fact to his political party members and my late husband though black was the treasury of the farmers association and a strong member of an opposition party that did not support the government's policies. President Robert Mugabe then ordered his party members and the police under his pay row to invade my husband's farm.They killed my husband and took away a lot of items from his farm. After the death of my husband,the Reverend Father of our church handed over an envelop which contains a will and some other documents with instructions from my husband that I and my children should leave Zimbabwe in case anything happen to him.Also found in the envelop was a deposit slip - confirming a cash deposit totaling three million  United States dollars [US$3m] kept in a bank.The money deposited with this bank was to be used for the purchase of new machines, chemicals and establishment of new farms.
This violent and barbaric act by Mr Mugabe has since led to the death of many innocent lives.I was continually threatened after my husband died.I resisted for a while, but when the danger became unbearable, I and my children fled Zimbabwe with the help of my husband's close friend from Australia also a farmer who was leaving in Zimbabwe but left with his family following this ugly development.I have tried to reach him through the contact he gave me but all to no avail.
I am currently staying in the Senegal.In fact my decision to come here to seek asylum,is because it is in Senegal that  my late husband deposited the fund.I need to transfer this money out of Senegal for investment purposes since the law of Senegal prohibits a refugee (asylum seeker) to operate any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction, this is why I am seeking a genuine and reliable partner, whose account this fund can be transferred.
You have to understand that this decision to confide in you is a very big and brave one, and it entrusts my children's future in your hands.If you accept to assist me, all I need from you is to assist with arrangements of transferring the fund to your account. The financial firm will be legally informed of you representing me.For your assistance, I have two options for you. Firstly you can choose to have 15% of the fund deposited by my late dad or you could go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country. Whichever option you want, please to notify me in your reply.
Please,I would want you to maintain absolute secrecy for the purpose of this transaction. I look forward to your reply and co-operation.
Mrs Chantal Tambo
