
@_date: 2005-03-29 00:44:58
@_author: "Capt.Brian Louise" 
@_subject: Can I Trust You? 
Dear friend,
As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for
me, because I believe everyone will die someday. My name is Capt.Brian Louise a merchant in Darka Senegal
i am 51 yrs of age I lost my wife and two dauthers in a car accident
here in the Senegal. I have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer
and have been in the hospital hear in Senegal for a very long time.
It has defied all forms of medical treatment, and right now I have
about few months to live, according to the
medical experts. I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I
never really cared for anyone (not even myself) but my
business and wealth. Though I am very rich, I was
never generous, I was always hostile to people and
only focused on my business as that was the only thing
I cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know
that there is more to life than just wanting to have
or make all the money in the world. I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to
this world I would live my life a different way from
how I have lived it till date. Now that God is calling
me, I have willed and shared most of my properties and
assets to my immediate and extended family members,
including few close friends. I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul, so
I have decided to give alms to charity organizations,
as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I do
on earth before Gods call. So far, I have distributed
money to some charity organizations hear in Senegal,
Algeria ,Malaysia and also the Tsunami victims. Now that
my health has been deteriorated so badly, I cannot do
this myself anymore. I once asked members of my family to close one of my
account and distribute the money which I have there
to charity organization in Bulgaria and Pakistan, they
refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do
not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be
contended with what I have left for them. The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge
cash deposit of eight million united states dollars ($8.000.000) that I have with a finance and
trust Company in Europe. I would want you to help me
collect this deposit and distribute it to charity
organizations in your country .
I would want you to keep 10% of the funds to yourself
and dispatch the rest to charity organizations. Please reply
this mail as soon as possible even if you cannot
handle this transaction on my behalf.
God be with you, Capt.Brian Louise.
Direct email contact :
