
@_date: 2004-10-25 23:17:16
@_author: "Mrs Caroline Solange Haafkens" 
@_subject: Blessed 
I am Mrs Caroline Solange Haafkens from Netherlands. I am married to Dr.Franklyn Haafkens who worked with ChevronTexaco in Nigeria for twenty years before he died in the year 2000.We were married for twenty-seven years without a child. He died during one of the riot in the Niger delta region precisely warri in delta state of Nigeria.He was held hostage and slain to death by protesting youths of the region. as you can confirm through this website  Before his death we were both born again christians.Since his death I decided not to re-marry . When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of One Million six hundred thousand U.S.Dollars ($1,600,000) with a bank in the Netherlands .
Presently, this money is still with the bank and the management of the bank just wrote me as the beneficiary to come forward to receive the money or rather issue a letter of authorisation to somebody to receive it on my behalf if I can not come over. Presently, I'm with my laptop in a hospital where I have been undergoing treatment for cancer of the lungs. I have since lost my ability to talk and my doctors have told me that I have only a few months to live. It is my last wish to see that this money is invested the proceed at the end of every year distributed among charity organisation. I want a person that is God fearing that will use this money to fund churches,orphanages and widows propagating the word of God and to ensure that the house of God is maintained. The Bible made us to understand that Blessed is the hand that giveth.I took this decision because i know that there are alot of poor people suffering from different kind of disease and nobody to come to their aid. With God all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the bank and bank website to enable you to apply online as the new beneficiary with a letter of authority that I will forward to you as a proof that you are the new beneficiary of this fund.You are to help me invest this funds into real estate and stocks.You will be entitled to 20% of every profit you make in a year. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated herein. Hoping to hearing from you soon and please you can reply me on email address: caroline_nig or caroline!
Yours in Christ, Mrs Caroline Solange Haafkens
