
@_date: 2003-11-23 17:43:17
@_author: carylon.a@ccaii.com 
@_subject: Beyond Div2000: Announces Name Change 
Div2000.com News | Beyond DIV2000: Diversity Business Announces Official Name Change
New Name Reflects Ongoing Challenges, Expanded Commitment
  
Beyond Div2000.com: Diversity Business Announces Official Name Change
New Name Reflects Ongoing Challenges, Expanded Commitment
November 24, 2003
SOUTHPORT, CT, November 24, 2003/DiversityBusiness.com/ The nation's leading multicultural B2B online portal, formerly known as DIV2000.com, today officially announces its new company name, DiversityBusiness.com. The name change, which aligns keenly with their core business, also reflects a new era for the company, which continues to leverage an ever-evolving marketplace for the diversity-owned businesses it represents. The Rising Tide of Diversity Businesses
In 1999, when Computer Consulting Associates International CEO Kenton Clarke launched Div2000.com, he had a vision for a company that would provide much needed coordination, support and resources for the ever-expanding pool of diversity-owned businesses. Over the years, his business has risen to the top of its field - a success measured by the growth and accomplishments of its member companies. Now, as he leads the company into 2004, the marketplace for diversity-owned businesses has exploded, contributing over $1.4 trillion in sales to the U.S. economy, and presenting vast opportunities to expand and further integrate the services offered. Thus while the name “Div2000” reflects the roots of this burgeoning enterprise, the name change to “Diversity Business” represents this unparalleled growth and expansion, and a commitment to meeting the continuing challenges faced by diversity-owned businesses.
Meeting Changing Needs
Through its full-service online portal, DiversityBusiness.com offers the most comprehensive lineup of resources and tools available to meet the evolving needs of its clients. Technology-based, online and interactive, they run the gamut and include: multicultural e-chamber; procurement and government bid postings; human resources and career center; multicultural advertising; supplier diversity data management; diversity conference; strategic partnerships and website consultation, among others. “Our reputation is based on this ability to provide the most effective services, to adapt, and to rise to the challenge of an ever-changing marketplace,” said Kenton Clarke, CEO. “The name change to DiversityBusiness.com more closely reflects our company’s core business, while giving us room to evolve and grow. What has not changed is our continued commitment to the business development and success of our clients, who have invested themselves in the regeneration of their communities and the American economy as a whole.”
About DiversityBusiness.com  Launched in 1999, DiversityBusiness.com with over 20,000 members is the largest organization of diversity-owned businesses throughout the United States that provide goods and services to Fortune 1000 companies, government agencies and colleges and universities. The site has gained national recognition and has won numerous awards for its content and design.  DiversityBusiness.com is produced by Computer Consulting Associates International Inc. (CCAii.com) of Southport, CT. In 2001, the Small Business Administration (SBA) presented its annual award for the Nation's Top Diversity-owned Business to CCA for its development of DiversityBusiness.com and its commitment to business development for diversity business owners in Connecticut and throughout the United States.
About CCAii
Award-winning consulting firm Computer Consulting Associates International, Inc. (CCAii) provides professional IT services to Fortune 500 and 1000 companies as well as start-up enterprises. Founded in 1980 by CEO Kenton Clarke, CCAii is the largest African-American owned computer consulting firm in New England. Throughout its 25 years, CCAii has garnered many awards by entities such as the Small Business Administration, the National Minority Supplier Development Council and Black Enterprise Magazine. The company is headquartered in Southport, Connecticut.
Press Contact:
Odetta Rogers
Director of Communications
DiversityBusiness.com orogers Source: DiversityBusiness.com
Close Window
