
@_date: 2004-10-08 05:57:51
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Ebay Marketing Secrets Revealed 
If you are unable to view HTML in your E-mail Program, please copy and paste the following in your web browser to view this special offer: eBay Marketing 2002
Make Money Selling On Ebay!
EBAY recieves over 1.2 billion prospects a month and is the ULTIMATE sales venue for nearly every kind of product to make huge profits. But you have to know what products to sell and how to sell it. That's where Ebay Marketing 2002 comes in. This manual provides easy to understand and detailed instructions for maximizing your profits with selling strategies that are PROVEN WINNERS. This information could make you 1000's on Ebay and other auction sites. Ebay Marketing 2002 teaches you effective SELLING STRATEGIES and No specialized computer knowledge is neccessary.  The manual comes as a complete course with the following chapters:  Introduction
 Ebay First Steps
 What Category?
 Decide What to Sell
 Creating Your Perfect Ad
 Use Photos to Increase Your Sales
 The Killer eBay Ad
 Your eBay Strategy
 To Feature or Not to Feature
 Dutch Auctions - Your Key to Making it Big!
 Market Analysis
 Trial & Error - It Works
 Complement Your Auctions 
 Get More People to See Your Ad
 Feedback Secrets - It Matters
 Auction Sniping
 The End of Your Auction
 Customer Service
 Tips-n-Tricks!
 Useful Information for Ebay Users 
This manual is designed for individuals looking to form an online business for extra income or as a full-time job making thousands of dollars on Ebay or ANY other auction website. Contained in the manual are WINNING STRATEGIES for selling on Ebay auctions that can be applied to all auction sites. I'm just getting started on E-Bay and this e-book has helped me sell nearly everything that I've posted for more than I ever expected. When I bought this e-book, I was desperate to find a way to bring in money, so the suggested retail cost of $24.95 was really difficult to pay. I know this probably seems like nothing to many of you, but I had just lost my job and had no idea how my family was going to survive on unemployment benefits. I'm not a millionaire, I'm just a normal hard working person who wants to provide for my family. Thankfully, what I learned from this book, has allowed me to do this. I want to share this knowledge with others. Part of the deal when purchasing reseller rights to this books is that you must sell it, but it doesn't say for how much, SO I'm Selling Ebay Marketing Secrets for only $1.99!
This offer is for other people like me who really want to be successful and make enough money to pay the bills EVERY month on time. I'm going to pass on the SECRET SELLING TECHNIQUES
 that I learned from this e-book for only $1.99. This is the  Selling Seller's Guide to Ebay!!
All for Only
RECEIVE YOUR E-BOOK DOWNLOAD LINK UPON PAYMENT PROCESSING.
You are recieiving this e-mail because you or someone you know has entered this e-mail address into our Business Opportunities E-mail List. If you no longer wish to recieve business opportunities, please click here to unsubscribe.
