
@_date: 2004-05-04 20:27:44
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: ADV: Deals On Mackinac Island Memories from Michigan.org 
Mackinac Island
As a registered member of  and/or  you will receive occasional email announcements from our company on behalf of our advertisers. You will have to unregister from our service if you do not wish to receive such announcements. To safeguard your privacy, we have not provided your e-mail address or any other personal information to this advertiser. Please read our privacy policy for more details.
To contact Travel Michigan by mail, write to 300 North Washington Square, 2nd Floor, Lansing, MI 48913. If you do not wish to receive solicitations sent by Travel Michigan, send an email to travelinfo with "unsubscribe" in the subject line.
About this communication:
You have received this communication because you are a registered member of  and/or  located at Customer Relationship, 777 W. Chicago Avenue, FC300, Chicago, IL 60610. It was sent by  and/or  on behalf of an advertiser and is part of our effort to incorporate advertising that allows us to bring you our award-winning editorial content at no charge. Your personal information was not shared with the advertiser and we limit the amount of such advertising you will receive. For more information on how we protect your information, please read our privacy policy.
If you do not wish to receive solicitations sent by  and/or  on behalf of third parties, you will have to unregister from our service. Please note that only registered users may use our entire site. For more information on how to unregister, please click here.

@_date: 2004-10-14 15:46:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Chicago Tribune introduces two new shopping features 
new features
As a registered member of  and/or  you will receive occasional email announcements highlighting features on our site. You will have to unregister from our service if you do not wish to receive such announcements. Please read our privacy policy for more details.
Dear chicagotribune.com member:
As the best local shopping resource available, Chicago Tribune looks for innovative ways to provide you more and better shopping information.   I'm delighted to introduce two new shopping features.
ShopLocal: A new online service that helps you research sales and specials at your favorite local stores.  Save time and money before you go shopping. We offer:
• Customized sales information for your zip code.
• Sales information from both leading national retailers and your neighborhood stores.
Coupons: Our grocery coupons section offers coupons from many of your favorite brands.  New coupons are added every week so visit often for more savings.
Print out all the coupons you want for leading brands, and SAVE.
Our shopping tools will help you save time and money in your busy week.  Click on the "Shopping" button located at the top of this e-mail and on every page at chicagotribune.com.
Best regards,
Alison Scholly
General Manager, Chicago Tribune Interactive
P.S. Let us know what you think of these shopping features at shoppingfeedback
About this communication:You have received this communication because you are a registered member of  and/or  located at Customer Relationship, 777 W. Chicago Avenue, FC300, Chicago, IL 60610. It was sent by  and/or  on behalf of the Tribune Company which allows us to bring you our award-winning editorial content at no charge. Your personal information was not shared and we limit the amount of such advertising you will receive. For more information on how we protect your information, please read our privacy policy.If you do not wish to receive solicitations sent by  and/or  you will have to unregister from our service. Please note that only registered users may use our entire site. For more information on how to unregister, please click here.
