
@_date: 2005-03-28 16:46:58
@_author: delivered Monday through Friday 
@_subject: Introducing Chicago Tribune's Online Subscriber Advantage Program 
Chicago Tribune Subscriber Advantage
To ensure delivery of Chicago Tribune communications, please add chicago_tribune to your address book or approved senders list.
If you have trouble viewing this email, please click this link to see the email.
Introducing Subscriber Advantage      
Dear Friend, As a valued chicagotribune.com member, we'd like to tell you about a new program to upgrade your chicagotribune.com experience.
Introducing Subscriber Advantage - an exciting, online subscription program that delivers special access to Chicago Tribune archives, special offers and exclusive services.
365 Day Archive SearchFree archive search of the past 365 days of Chicago Tribune storiesA
Browse the past 7-days of the Chicago Tribune Newspaper onlineSee how the paper appeared in Chicago
Tribune Super SearchAccess and search the story databases of the Los Angeles Times, Baltimore Sun, Newsday, Sun Sentinel and Orlando Sentinel
Chicago Screen savers
Daywatch e-mail newsletter (delivered Monday through Friday)
Exclusive access to Tribune experts for help with homework or research
Discounts and special offers to some of Chicago's finest stores
Gain an advantage and sign up for Subscriber Advantage today - it only takes a minute.
About this communication:As a registered user of  and/or  located at 777 W. Chicago Avenue, FC300, Chicago, IL 60610, you may occasionally receive e-mail announcements regarding new features, products and services from  and/or  our affiliates and select third party advertisers. For more information on how we protect your information, please read our privacy policy.
If you do not wish to receive commercial e-mail solicitations,  click here and change your preference at the bottom of the page. We reserve the right to send you non-commercial communications on behalf of  and/or  and our affiliates (e.g., CareerBuilder.com), when consistent with our privacy policy.    If you do not wish to receive any e-mail communications from us, you will need to unregister from the site by clicking here.
