
@_date: 2009-03-24 18:39:46
@_author: one of the most elementary one in all of forensics 
@_subject: Re: Re: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - 
This IS after all, about child porn, and the obstruction of justice. The guy was already caught, and the authorities already did their job. Now, they certainly made a mistake (one of the most elementary one in all of forensics). At this point, the defendant is just making things more difficult for themselves. It's not like they're searching for additional evidence. They've already seen it. This isn't a case of nosing around looking for something that may or may not exist...

@_date: 2009-03-06 14:56:40
@_author: and I'm pretty sure that I'm not 
@_subject: Re: Re: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - 
If I'm not mistaken (and I'm pretty sure that I'm not) It's not a civil right. Based on some of the responses from some, I'd reckon that many don't even know what those really are. The person ALREADY allowed a search, and illegal material was found. They KNOW it's on there. This isn't an unreasonable search or seizure, and it's not violating his rights. He has ALREADY been caught. All he is doing at this point is HIDING evidence, and obstructing justice. He does not have the right to do that. Now, had he not submitted in the very beginning, the outcome would have been quite different I'm sure of that. But to say that there is this mass loss of rights is bloody ridiculous. You don't have a right to commit a crime, be caught, and then hide the evidence and obstruct the legal process. It only works that way in fairyland.

@_date: 2009-03-04 21:49:45
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Re: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - 
I agree with the others on this. If it was that simple, then a person could deny a search warrant on their home, using the 5th ammendment. By not giving them the password, I would even see that as obstruction of justice. Of course all this could have been avoided had they followed basic forensic methods.
