
@_date: 2004-10-27 14:57:34
@_author: Chris Kuethe 
@_subject: Fwd: the simian unelected is blocking the world 
meant to send this to the list too....
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hrmmmmm. Shrub
a) has now disabled the geo-ip test or
b) considers .ca to be part of .us because
from my cable modem (rDNS = .net) I can get to the site just fine, and
I can also get to it from work (rDNS = .ca)
Germany, no? Have your politicians pissed of Shrub lately? I'm
surprised I can see the site, what with various provincial governments
tossing around memos referring to him as "Shrub".
GDB has a 'break' feature; why doesn't it have 'fix' too?

@_date: 2004-10-13 17:15:19
@_author: Chris Kuethe 
@_subject: Re: Financial identity is *dangerous*? (was re: Fake companies, real money) 
Instantaneous and complete transfer of cash to a mugger, burglar, or
other hoodlum is difficult to revoke, thus I watch my back when I go
to a bank machine and limit my exposure by not transporting more
anonymous value tokens than I need to
Agreed. My habit of pulling a $20 out of the bank machine all the time
looks... interesting. Really though, it's just a change-jar on speed:
grab $20, spend $12 of it, throw the rest in my change jar. Repeat
tomorrow. After a while the change jar looks pretty healthy...  In a
way it's self-laundered, mini-mixmastered money. There is no proof
that this transaction here was the reason that drug dealer over there
is X dollars richer and Y ounces lighter.
Agreed. I would hope that users of "iCash" get fully educated on what
that entails: that that blob of bits is just as much $20 as that green
piece of paper or that big pile of quarters. And if someone gets it
and spends it, you may as well have been mugged.
People do eventually learn when it costs them something out of pocket.
Now that they've learned that the white headphones mean "I'm a target
with an iPod, mug me!" I see a lot of iPod users with boring old sony
or koss headphones. Right now, insecurity doesn't cost the end-user
enough. As soon as some virus comes along and wipes out some new york
times columnist's savings, and he screams about it, then and only then
will the slightest nonzero percentage of the sheeple pay attention for
a bit.
Hm... this is one of those liberty vs. security moments, isn't it?
Risk of carrying value versus freedom to engage in private
transactions acceptable to all the players.

@_date: 2004-11-05 16:37:00
@_author: Chris Kuethe 
@_subject: Re: Your source code, for sale 
What if I block the outbound "release the money" message after I
unbundle the images. Sure, I've already committed my money, but you
can't get to it. In effect I've just ripped you off, because I have
usable product and you don't have usable money. The proof of delivery
comes in handy here, so that as soon as I can prove to the bank that
my product has arrived within your administrative area, they'll pay
me. And the bank sends me a key to unlock the product as soon as it
sends you the money.
And what *GUARANTEE* do I have that the blob of bits you sent me with
the Geri Ryan photos on the outside isn't something from goatse.cx or
tubgirl...? Let's say there are 24000 items in the tarball of the IOS
code. Do you want to pay $24K for all of them (once) or $12K for half
of them (twice) or $1 per file or directory (24000 times)? Do you want
to pay per committed bit or character? How can you protect yourself
from me committing to sell you /dev/random?
I'm sure everyone has this bit committed to memory, but the beginning
of Applied Crypto, chapter 2 says:
Protocols have other characteristics as well:

@_date: 2004-11-04 09:00:37
@_author: Chris Kuethe 
@_subject: Re: campus network admins 
Yes, it's not wise to mock the people who busted you to their faces.
Scheming requires more subtlety. Kinda like doing a big smoky burnout
and leaving a hundred feet of rubber on the road in front of the cop
who just gave you a speeding ticket is a bad idea.
Read the agreement and see. Are you doing something illegal? Are you
doing something that exposes the network owners to risk of some sort?
Is it your personal hardware or was it provided to you by the network
owners. Was there a clause in your terms of service that says the
network owners can monitor/audit use, yadda yadda yadda...? Depending
on the perceived severity of the infraction, your local security or
police officers may be coming to pay a visit and impound your machine.
Depending on which political backwater or fascist/EpithetOfChoice
regime you live under, they could very well be doing you a favor. Or
they could be covering their butts. Whatever - you got the short end
of the stick.
In other words "I did something that got me in trouble, I know what
I'm doing is wrong, or at least if I do it again, I'll get in more
trouble. Please help me to do these bad things and stay out of
trouble." Be honest. It's OK to say yes.
Short answer: Yes.
Longer answer: SSH tunnels, IPSec tunnels, ssl-ized protocols,
mixmasters, freenets, onion routers, and buying your own network
connection from a 3rd party are all valid options. I'm sure that if
you google for things like internet privacy service, the likes of
anonymizer (just the first one that came to mind) will turn up. There
are plenty of very low cost solutions if you're willing to try stuff
that may break your machine for a while causing you to learn stuff the
hard way. :)
If there's stuff I shouldn't be doing at work (like consulting), well,
that's what my home net is for. Perhaps you might want to carefully
consider why your administration doesn't want you doing stuff with
their network in light of what it costs to have their class of network
activity. Now let's run that kind of pipe to your house, and bridge in
an open wireless access point. I bet it wouldn't make you very happy
to find other people abusing your network connection.
Pretend you've been downloading 5 gigs of movies a day over cleartext
bittorrent. You get busted, so rather than not doing that, you switch
to an encrypted protocol, but continue to generate 5 gigs a day with
your computer, and you're still talking to a similar bunch of hosts.
Traffic analysis says we suspect you of being up to your old tricks.
In this case one technical countermeasure does not help because the
problem is higher up the stack... at the chair-to-keyboard interface
This may be a bit vague - no idea who you are or where you live, so I
am generalizing. Simple truths: You have pissed off The Man - assume
for the next little while that he's watching (and is seeing this).
There are certain technologies available which may help you, but
consider the behavioural, economic, legal and political factors as

@_date: 2004-11-07 02:40:47
@_author: Chris Kuethe 
@_subject: Re: Why Americans Hate Democrats-A Dialogue 
Fun bits to read, somewhat related to Owell and the perceived notional
differences between various... extremists.
Certainly one could infer from reading "Politics and the English
Language" that Orwell could've or would've thought such a thing.  If
anyone finds it before I do, post a link, will ya?

@_date: 2004-11-19 16:50:34
@_author: Chris Kuethe 
@_subject: Re: [osint] Group to launch terrorist database 
Quoting from I make a mental note of his license plate.  In fact, I did that 60
times a minute for 15 and a half minutes.  Oh dear.. oh dear.... Looks like another call to the DMV Database to register a vehicle as
stolen by out of town arms
So when some jackhole cuts you off in traffic, now you don't report
him as a possible drunk driver, now you can turn him into DHS as a
highway terrorist. Unless he's preemtively called you in. Everyone
remember the rules of the prisoner's game?
Anyway, you already have snitch lines.
 says you can use the
online tip form, or contact your local FBI office or US embassy. Or
your police department.
Howzabout the difficulty of sorting the useful tips out of the chaff
when you just know that some new spam network will be set up to flood
the system with bogus yet somewhat plausible tips.
Howzabout the difficulty that you - the meat blob - will have trying
to get your name out of the database after you unfortunately happened
to be within a 10 mile radius of "the real terrorists".
Howzabout the fact that in this day and age of the internet and
telephone, no one seems to have successfully managed to hack up some
little Law-Enforcement-Only forum where "They" go to talk about how to
catch terrorists. That's a people problem, really.
Howzabout the fact that all LE organizations seem to have a real hard
time working together, squealing about jurisdiction, etc. If they were
actually serious about getting the job done, they'd either put the
"juris-my-dick-tion bullshit" or there would be some presidental
directive simply ordering everyone to play nice together. I don't
think either of those are happening, based on the number of security
czars who seem to be retiring suddenly.

@_date: 2004-12-03 06:39:33
@_author: Chris Kuethe 
@_subject: Re: Optical Tempest FAQ 
Like this classic. Was just as much fun to reread as it was the first time. :)

@_date: 2005-01-05 06:20:49
@_author: Chris Kuethe 
@_subject: Re: Conspiracy Theory O' The Day 
Or someone is trying to slip messages past bayesian filters trained to
allow pgp messages. Most of these spams are awarded insanely high spam
scores by spamassassin.
I've been getting spam with blocks of text strongly resembling pgp
signatures appended for years now. Got about 250 of them last year.
And, amusingly enough, they seem to keep up on their patches (the
versions of pgp seem to keep up with the official releases). Still,
the signatures would never verify, as there were invalid base64
characters in the signature block.

@_date: 2013-12-11 18:37:29
@_author: Chris Kuethe 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
I just asked a public keyserver: Total number of keys: 3479488
Of course that includes expired, revoked, lost, spoofs. No attempt has been
made to deduplicate identities or count individual UIDs...
