
@_date: 2004-06-20 16:48:50
@_author: "Chris Edu" 
@_subject: Business Proposal 
I am Barrister (Dr.) Chris Edu (ESQ) a sollicitor,and the personal attorney to the immediate past President of Liberia MR. CHARLES TAYLOR, who is presently on political asylum here in Nigeria.
I know this letter will come to you as a surprise as we have not met before,but I have to contact you as I have been instructed by my client MR. CHARLES TAYLOR to find a trustee in this business.
However my client CHARLES TAYLOR does not want anybody who is known to his family to be associated with this business because of his present problems.
Note that this business is 100% risk free. However you must confirm your ability to handle this business as it involves a large sum of money. The fund TWENTY FIVE MILLION UNITED STATE DOLLARS (US$25million) was deposited in a Finance institution in Europe by MR. CHARLES TAYLOR during the recent political turmoil in his country, Liberia.
Now that he is on political asylum in Nigeria, he needs a trustworthy person like you to proceed on his behalf to the finance institution where this fund is currently lodged in order to clear the funds for joint business Venture as he does not have inten
tion of bringing the funds back to Africa.
Afterwards, I his attorney will come over to your country and meet you on his behalf for final agreement of the joint business venture.
Note that I will send to you the relevant documents that will enable you take possession of this funds for onward investment. All I need from you are as follows,
1, Your confirmation of your ability to handle this business
2, Your word that you will keep this business as confidential as possible at all times until we conclude this business.
3, Your telephone and fax numbers for communication
4, Your full parmanent address.
As soon as I get the above information from you, I will disclose to you the name and the country where the finance institution is. I will also forward to you the contact and the name of one of the executive directors of the finance institution to enable you open contact with them. As we make
progress, I will send to you A LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND AN AGREEMENT LETTER that will enable you clear the funds on my client's behalf.
I am waiting for your immediate response to enable us proceed.
Yours Faithfully,
Barrister (Dr.) Chris Edu (ESQ)
