
@_date: 2001-09-15 21:07:16
@_author: Christian Kuhtz 
@_subject: Re: On Internet and social responsibility 
Sure you can have that argument, but whether it is likely to succeed is a
completely different question.  Not to mention the other problems such an
argument would face, one needs to consider that there are certain requirements
speech has to meet to afford constitutional protection as free speech.

@_date: 2001-09-15 20:30:28
@_author: Christian Kuhtz 
@_subject: Re: On Internet and social responsibility 
You may want to check the international press for a reality check.  The
outrage is most certainly shared, the sign off on a participation and the
extent of which in "Shrub's new campaign of terror and destruction" is by no
means a done deal at this point.  If you need pointers, I'll be happy to
provide them.

@_date: 2001-09-15 20:23:34
@_author: Christian Kuhtz 
@_subject: Re: On Internet and social responsibility 
WOAH.  Wait a minute, Vadim.
Just because you (or anyone else) may have a right to free speech in your
particular jurisdiction and circumstances doesn't mean you have a right to be
received in my (or anybody else's, for that matter) ear canal or understood in
my heap of synapses.  Or that you have free access to airwaves etc etc.
You know, you do have the right to ignore 'free speech' and proceed as if
nothing happened.  No matter what the 'container' of 'free speech' had inside.
The application of slander in a free speech context is a quite problematic
area.  Again, this really belongs into a U.S. constitution discussion rather
than here.
There are obviously a myriad of reasons, not the least the rather complicated
relationship between Russia and NATO.
I think that we would be all better off if Russia, the countries represented
through NATO and the rest of the world unite in a common goal.  Personally, while I'm outraged at these incidents, do believe supposedly
peaceful smoothtalking isn't going to make any difference in this matter, I am
very troubled by the invocation of article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty.  It
sets a very dangerous precedent.  I think NATO is an antique and needs to
change with the times, but that's a seperate discussion.
I think a response by force is needed.  I don't believe anything but a
sustained campaign by many means is going to be effective.  I think that
'effective surgical strikes' is an oxymoron and that this world (the U.S.
included) needs to accept that dealing with this problem will incur
significant losses if we hope to make any difference whatsoever.

@_date: 2001-10-24 20:01:54
@_author: Christian Kuhtz 
@_subject: Re: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems (fwd) 
Well, now, see, if you were a terrorist, you'd obviously happily cooperate.
