
@_date: 2004-10-06 10:26:22
@_author: Cinematic Digital 
@_subject: Record video straight to DVD - Free Panasonic DVD Palmcorder! 
DVD Recording is easy, convenient and fun
The VDR-M50 records directly on to both DVD-RAM and DVD-R discs*, giving you multiple recording and playback options. With DVD-RAM discs you never have to worry about erasing a recording or finding blank space. You can just start recording. DVD-RAM discs can also be played back in compatible devices, like select computers and home DVD-players. DVD-R discs are strong and versatile, and can be played back on most home DVD players.1 18x Optical Zoom
Get an incredibly close shot with 18x Optical Zoom and 500x Digital Zoom
The VDR-M50 optical zoom feature acts like a telescope to produce close-up shots with extraordinary clarity. And, with variable zoom speeds, you can adjust how fast the camcorder lens moves from wide-angle to full telescope. In addition, the VDR-M50's digital zoom ratio can be increased up to an extraordinary 500x. Now that's close up!2.
Digital Electronics Image Stabilizer (D-EIS) helps eliminate blurry images
Digital EIS is a unique idea that helps compensate for unintentional hand and/or camcorder movement. It even reduces unwanted jitter from recordings made in a car, or while walking. With Digital EIS you no longer have to worry about shaky soccer game videos. You're recordings will be on the ball!
SD Memory Card
SD Memory Card slot for digital still images
The VDR-M50 also records onto SD Memory Cards. SD Memory Cards are versatile, high-capacity storage cards that are extremely small--about the size of a postage stamp. They work as "digital film," letting you capture images and then transfer them to a PC, TV, PDA, or other device equipped with an SD slot. An easy way to share your images with friends and family. Rotating 2.5" diagonal Color LCD Monitor for easy viewing
The LCD monitor on the VDR-M50 provides excellent viewing clarity in full vivid color during shooting and playback. The 2.5" LCD screen rotates up to 270-degrees for multiple viewing angles, providing sharp, detailed images for monitoring or playback. Now you can enjoy your finished recordings right on the spot.
The VDR-M50 uses 8cm DVD-RAM and DVD-R discs that require a round DVD holder for playback.
As digital magnification increases, resolution significantly decreases Your email address is cypherpunks
TM: <16;3MjgmTEg5I6SnBX3TJEBYMp1;4580062>
