
@_date: 2001-09-25 16:55:24
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: right now on CNN 
I mean "AOL-TV"
"What will Americans give up to make sure it (9/11/01) never happens again?"
One woman quoted: "Everything, right now..."

@_date: 2001-09-25 06:43:54
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: re: [texas-hpr] ATF letter (fwd) 
BATF planted that post as a troll so then they could peek at the IP of anybody hitting that URL, knowing they came from

@_date: 2001-09-23 20:14:18
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: how not to be mistaken as a terrorist 
Grow a beard
Be argumentative
Draw attention to yourself
Park in no-parking zones
Wear eastern clothes
Don't pay your rent on time
Cause trouble in your neighborhood
Be chatty in public
Don't join the gym
Drink a lot and fuck.
Sounds ALmost like any card-carrying cypherpunk to me.

@_date: 2001-09-23 19:42:09
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: Barcodes, DNA, and you. 
Dear Diane & Larry:
I thought you'd be interested in this company, who perhaps could donate the technology to complete the tasklist for tagging the citzenry.

@_date: 2001-09-18 15:50:42
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: news you can use: EFF CALL TO ACTION 
(In the interest of self-consistency note that this also includes the "warrantless wiretapping" and "emergency powers for computer crimes" concerns which I don't think have been argued persuasively enough or with enough weight to overcome the proposal and which I don't think constitute the worst threats.  But there's more here of much value.)
Electronic Frontier Foundation ACTION ALERT
(Issued: Monday, September 17, 2001 / Deadline: Friday, September 21,
San Francisco, California - The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
today urged governmental officials to act deliberately in the coming
days and to approve only measures that are effective in preventing
terrorism while protecting the freedoms of Americans. Your urgent action
is needed TODAY.
In a press conference earlier today, Attorney General John Ashcroft
indicated that he would be asking Congress to expand the ability of law
enforcement officers to perform wiretaps in response to the terrorist
attacks on the United States on September 11, 2001. Ashcroft asked
Congress to pass anti-terrorism legislation including "expanded
electronic surveillance" by the end of this week.
Ashcroft's comments come in the wake of the Senate's hasty passage of
the "Combating Terrorism Act" on the evening of September 13 with less
than 30 minutes of consideration on the Senate floor.
EFF believes this broad legislation would result in unintended negative
consequences for civil liberties of law-abiding citizens by making it
unnecessary for law enforcement officers to obtain a court wiretap order
before requiring Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to release e-mail
message header information and Internet browsing patterns of their
subscribers. The bill would also authorize local U.S. attorneys to
authorize certain surveillance orders.
The Combating Terrorism Act is presently a Senate-passed amendment to a
House appropriations bill. It is expected to be voted on in joint
conference committee this week, or early next week at the latest. The
House has already passed the "base" bill, while the Senate has passed it
plus the wiretapping amendment. The House delegates several
Representatives to meet with several Senators, who will collectively
decide what amendments the final, joint version will include. This final
version is then voted on by the full House and Senate. This only real
pressure point is the conference committee; whatever emerges will almost
certainly pass both houses near-unanimously.
What YOU Can Do Now:
* Contact the conference committee members and your legislators about
this issue AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. Call them, and fax and/or email the EFF
letter below today. Postal mail will be too slow on this issue. Feel
free to use this letter verbatim, or modify it as you wish. Let them
know that you do not believe liberty must be sacrificed for security.
Please be polite and concise, but firm. For information on how to
contact your legislators and other government officials, see EFF's
"Contacting Congress and Other Policymakers" guide at:
 * Join EFF! For membership information
see: Sample Letters:
There are two sample letters below, one to the conference committee
members, and one to your own legislators.
Use this sample letter below to conference committee members or modify
it, and send to all of the following:
To be determined; conferees not publicly announced yet. Check the
web-posted version of this alert for an update tomorrow:
Name (State), Phone (202-224- Fax (202-224- Email
Patrick Leahy (VT), 4242, 3479, senator_leahy Ernest
Hollings (SC), 6121, 4293, none Daniel Inouye (HI), 3934, 6747,
senator Barbara Mikulski (MD), 4654, 8858,
senator Herb Kohl (WI), 5653, 9787,
senator_kohl Patty Murray (WA), 2621, 0238,
senator_murray Jack Reed (RI), 4642, 4680,
jack Robert Byrd (WV), 3954, 0002,
senator_byrd Judd Gregg (NH), 3324, 4952,
mailbox Ted Stevens (AK), 3004, 2354,
senator_stevens Pete Domenici (NM), 6621, none,
senator_domenici Mitch McConnell (KY), 2541, 2499,
senator Kay Hutchison (TX), 5922, 0776,
senator Ben Campbell (CO), 5852, 1933, none Thad
Cochran (MS), 5054, 9450, senator
Dear Sen./Rep. [Surname] and Other H.R. 2500 Conference Committee
I write to express my gravest concern over aspects of the Congressional
response to the tragedies of September 11. While I share your grief and
anger in no uncertain terms, I do not believe that sacrificing essential
liberties in a vain hope of improving security is good for America or
the world. Security can be improved without privacy invasion, and we
cannot win an attack on freedom by attacking that freedom ourselves.
I specifically object to H.R. 2500 amendment S.A. 1562 sections 816,
832, 833, and 834, and any similar measures, such as those proposed by
Attorney General Ashcroft, as well as recent calls for measures that
would thwart Americans' use of secure encryption. I also object to
provisions being passed in response to terrorism but which have nothing
to do with terrorism, such as "emergency" wiretaps against simple
computer crime incidents.
I urge you to vote AGAINST incorporating the above-mentioned sections of
S.A. 1562 into the final version of H.R. 2500, and to vote against any
similar amendments expanding wiretap powers, online monitoring,
warrantless pen register or trap and trace authority, censorship, or
restrictions on encryption.
The United States should not take steps toward becoming a police state,
or otherwise undermine our own freedom in the name of defending that
freedom from terrorist attack, or the terrorists have already won. This
is a time for careful consideration, not passing legislation without
debate or careful consideration of the consequences.
[Your name & address]
(Be sure to correct the salutation - use EITHER Sen. or Rep., and use
the correct name.) If one of the conference committee members if your
Rep. or Sen., mention that you are a constituent, as in the letter
Use this sample letter to YOUR legislators or modify it, and send to
their Washington fax and e-mail, which you can get this from Project
Vote Smart:
 or the
House:  and Senate:
 websites.
Dear Sen./Rep. [Surname]
I write as a constituent to express my gravest concern over aspects of
the Congressional response to the tragedies of September 11. While I
share your grief and anger in no uncertain terms, I do not believe that
sacrificing essential liberties in a vain hope of improving security is
good for America or the world. Security can be improved without privacy
invasion, and we cannot win an attack on freedom by attacking that
freedom ourselves.
I urge you to vote AGAINST H.R. 2500 should it emerge from conference
committee with amendment S.A. 1562 attached, and to vote against any
similar legislation expanding wiretap powers, online monitoring,
warrantless pen register or trap and trace authority, censorship, or
restrictions on encryption.
The United States should not take steps toward becoming a police state,
or otherwise undermine our own freedom in the name of defending that
freedom from terrorist attack, or the terrorists have already won. This
is a time for careful consideration, not passing legislation without
debate or careful consideration of the consequences.
I specifically object to S.A. 1562 sections 816, 832, 833, and 834, and
any similar measures, such as those proposed by Attorney General
Ashcroft, as well as recent calls for measures that would thwart
Americans' use of secure encryption. I also object to provisions being
passed in response to terrorism but which have nothing to do with
terrorism, such as "emergency" wiretaps against simple computer crime
[Your name & address]
(Be sure to correct the salutation - use EITHER Sen. or Rep., and use
the correct name.)
Non-US Activists
Non-US readers can probably have little impact on the US Congress's
votes on these matters, and could even affect them negatively. Your best
course of action is to contact your own legislators/parliamentarians and
urge them to avoid similar policies in your own country.
Privacy Campaign:
This drive to contact your legislators about unprecedented wiretap power
expansion is part of a larger campaign to highlight how extensively
companies and governmental agencies subject us to surveillance and share
and use personal information online & offline, and what you can do about
Check the EFF Privacy Now! Campaign website regularly for additional
alerts and news: During the Congressional session considering the Combating Terrorism
Act, which was introduced as amendment S.A. 1562 to an omnibus
appropriations bill, H.R. 2500, Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) expressed
concern that he was asked to vote so rapidly on such important
legislation within minutes of receiving it and without conducting
hearings in the Intelligence, Armed Services and Judiciary committees:
Maybe the Senate wants to just go ahead and adopt new abilities to
wiretap our citizens. Maybe they want to adopt new abilities to go into
people's computers. Maybe that will make us feel safer. Maybe. And maybe
what the terrorists have done made us a little bit less safe. Maybe they
have increased Big Brother in this country.
If that is what the Senate wants, we can vote for it. But do we really
show respect to the American people by slapping something together,
something that nobody on the floor can explain, and say we are changing
the duties of the Attorney General, the Director of the CIA, the U.S.
attorneys, we are going to change your rights as Americans, your rights
to privacy? We are going to do it with no hearings, no debate. We are
going to do it with numbers on a page that nobody can understand.
EFF shares Senator Leahy's concerns in this time of national crisis. EFF
Legal Director Cindy Cohn commented, "These proposals significantly
impact the civil liberties of Americans. We urge legislators to please
slow down and consider the long-term consequences of your votes."
"I believe that deep in their souls, Americans understand that the
reason this country is so great--is so worth defending--is because it is
free," explained EFF Executive Director Shari Steele. "We should be very
careful to make sure that any legislation that passes is truly needed to
address national security concerns."
During World War I, the US Congress hastily passed the Espionage Act
which was notorious for decreasing freedoms without improving the
security of the American public, under which Congress granted the
Postmaster General (who delegated it to 55,000 local postmasters) the
authority to read any mail and remove any material that might
"embarrass" the government in conducting the war effort.
The Combating Terrorism Act (S1562) passed by the Senate:
Senator Leahy's testimony on the Combating Terrorism Act:
EFF analysis of the Combating Terrorism Act [coming soon]:
Why "backdoor" encryption requirements reduce security:
EFF Surveillance Archive: About EFF:
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is the leading civil liberties
organization working to protect rights in the digital world. Founded in
1990, EFF actively encourages and challenges industry and government to
support free expression, privacy, and openness in the information
society. EFF is a member-supported organization and maintains one of the
most linked-to Web sites in the world: Cindy Cohn, EFF Legal Director cindy +1 415-436-9333 x108
Lee Tien, EFF Senior First Amendment Attorney tien +1
415-436-9333 x102

@_date: 2001-09-14 17:02:35
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: British cyberpolice ask providers to retain all data after 
LONDON (AP) -- British authorities have asked all phone companies and Internet service providers to preserve communications data
  stored Tuesday in case they contain important clues to the identity of the terrorists who attacked Washington and New York.
  The National High-Tech Crime Unit, set up earlier this year to fight crime related to information technology, said data stored Tuesday
  may hold vital evidence about those responsible for the devastating attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon.
  ``By working swiftly to contact the communications service providers in the U.K., I hope that we will be able to offer valuable assistance
  to U.S. authorities in investigating the appalling events of recent days,'' said Detective Chief Superintendent Len Hynds, head of the
  London-based unit.
  The unprecedented request was made under Britain's Data Protection Act, which normally prohibits companies from keeping such data
  any longer than is needed for billing purposes.
  A spokeswoman for the crime unit said the request was merely precautionary, to ensure that important data recorded on the day of the
  attacks, such as text messages, e-mails and voice messages, were not destroyed.
  ``We are not looking for anything in particular,'' said the spokeswoman, speaking on condition of anonymity. ``Communications are
  routinely destroyed after 48 hours. This safeguarding of communications data is to ensure that any potential data is saved should it be
  required for evidential purposes.''
  Saved information could be accessed only by law enforcement agencies, if specific legal authority were granted, the spokeswoman said.
  The move falls short of steps taken in the United States by the FBI, which is serving search warrants to major Internet service providers
  to obtain information about an e-mail address believed to be connected to Tuesday's terrorist attacks.
  Hynds said the cooperation of the telecommunications and Internet industry in Britain was voluntary.
  ``The decision for industry to assist us is entirely at their discretion and we will not therefore be asking for confirmation of support.''
posted under fair use law as educational material.
) 2001 KnightRidder.com

@_date: 2001-09-13 22:06:47
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: Ignore Aimee Farr (was RE: Cypherpunk Threat Analysis ) 
Tim -
Behavioral psychologists will tell you that the best way to extinguish an undesirable behavior is to IGNORE it.
If Farr's posturings and baitings are truly to be made ineffective, the best course of action amongst the cpunks who care is to killfile the postings and refuse to engage on ANY level.
Rising to the bait, debating whether such-and-such a purpose is behind Farr's postings, speculating on Farr's true intent, all this does is spur on the postings, the baiting, the provocation.  Just say "no" to responding to ANY of Farr's postings, and I would almost put money that the behavior will extinguish within a week.
I wonder why Agent Farr warns about our list "tolerating" bomb discussions, and then posts her own provocateur bomb discussions.
I wonder why Agent Farr refers to the "sick people in here" who cite names of LEAs and then makes a point to cite LEA persons by _name_.
Agent Farr arrived from _nowhere_ just after the election last year, with no previous detectable online interests, on half a dozen of the most "controversial" mailing lists and discussion groups. She began baiting and provoking, and when that failed, starting her own "Bomb Law Reporter" and attempting to entrap discussion group participants in what she has claimed are "dangerous" activities.
She has recently claimed that our failure to support Big Brother-friendly networks makes us equivalent to the WTC actors.
The witch hunt began a long time ago, but it has taken on new dimensions recently. Expect to see the real Agent Farr, who is very probably not named "Aimee" in real life, testifying before Congress on his "undercover" operations to shut down the Cypherpunks, PGP, and Extropians lists.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-13 16:43:59
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: G. Bush Sr., Gephardt on shift in privacy balance 
VIA CNN this AM:
(somewhat paraphrasing)
Bush Sr., speaking to some corporate collection of cronies: "We'll also have to look at this Internet thing you all know so much about, and review our policies..."
Gephardt: "We don't have to, we don't want to change the Constitution, but there will need to be a shift in the balance between freedom and security..."
The planes have hit the towers but the shit has yet to hit the fan.

@_date: 2001-09-14 01:51:40
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: re: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
You were NOT paying close enough attention during the election.  "We" did not allow this sub-normal to become president.  The Republican machine saw to it, unable to be thwarted by the Democratic machine.  Neither of which have anything to do with "us."
Our only hope is that his is an "assisted living" situation, surrounded by enough possibly more intelligent and experienced men and women to prevent the most heinous missteps.  Hopefully the posturing that everyone is "shoulder to shoulder" and "fully behind" the President is only because that's what has to be said to keep the sheeple quiet, and not because that's what the huge and intentionally ponderous US Government machine really thinks.

@_date: 2001-09-14 23:11:53
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: resend: re: Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps 
Reading the discussion I see that the amendment calls for inclusion of 'terrorist activies' into Title III which allows wiretapping under Court order, not anything about warrantless wiretapping.  I did not perform all the text substitutions of the amemdment itself though.  However in the language of the amendment all references that I read are to activities under court order.  Please indicate the wider circumstances, particularly the warrantless circumstances, that this amendment allows cybertapping under, for those of us without your time or acumen in editing the existing Title III language.
You also did not quote this:
"One of the most effective investigative tools at the disposal of law      enforcement agencies is the ability to go to a Federal judge and get      wiretapping authority. It is critical in matters such as this. That is      the ability to intercept oral or electronic conversations involving the      subject of a criminal investigation. The legislative scheme that      provides this authority, and at the same time protects the individual      liberties of American citizens to be secure against unwarranted      government surveillance, is referred to in the criminal code as Title      III. Among the many protections inherent in Title III is that only the      investigations of certain criminal offenses, those judged to be      sufficiently serious to warrant the use of this potent crime-fighting      weapon, are eligible for wiretapping orders. The law lays out a number      of crimes deemed by Congress to be serious enough to warrant allowing      the FBI to intercept electronic and oral communications.
       Title III currently allows interception of communications in      connection with the investigation of such crimes as mail fraud, wire      fraud, and the interstate transportation of stolen property.
       Inexplicably, however, the Federal terrorism statutes are not      currently included in Title III. I have been complaining about this for      a long time and this is the time to correct it."
    [...]

@_date: 2001-09-17 05:37:45
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: Schoolyard arguments 
I read it.  Yes but in the deconstruction/analysis, you STILL don't support your position WRT the objections raised, you switch over to "maybe it shouldn't be done so fast."  But then you say the bill "will have to go to conference committee and then, probably, both chambers of Congress for another vote.."
So it's not being passed *into law* at midnite by voice vote, it will be subject to investigation and review, Leahy is out there doing a good job, and finally - does your Wired readership know that you think so little of them that they can't understand some of what this debate is about?
Killfile away, and I shall do same.
----- Original Message -----

@_date: 2001-09-23 17:45:07
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: Larry Ellison volunteers to donate the S/W for Nat. ID Cards 
In the SJ Mercury News this morning: Ellison, (who doesn't think that laws pertaining to other people pertain to him, evidenced by his refusal to obey flight curfew laws regulating takeoffs and landings at SJ Airport) volunteers to donate all the Oracle-ware necessary to deploy National ID cards.  For this act of patriotism he naturally gets lots of column inches of aggrandizement. He is quoted in the article as suggesting a card that stores your fingerprint, allowing authentication by a fingreprint reader.
"'We're quite willing to provide the software for this absolutely free.'"
"But Ellison said in the electronic age little privacy is left anyway" ...
" 'This privacy you're concerned about is largely an illusion,' he said. 'All you have to give up is your illusions, not any of your privacy.'"
"Howard Gantman, a spokesman for Sen. Diane Feinstein, D-Calif, said that she would be interested in discussing the idea with Ellison."
Fuckwits.  I'm concerned the possibility of Nat ID cards is a more virulent threat than wiretapping and crypto restrictions. "May I see your papers please?"

@_date: 2001-09-24 03:00:13
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: ID cards+law history; 
The scholarly informed citations are useful and interesting.  But haven't we been put on notice that "a rebalancing" is going to occur, "it's a new world" and we will "use every measure at our disposal to combat terrorism" ?? - I fear it is naive to imagine that case law and legal precedent can combat the legislative onslaught to come.

@_date: 2001-09-25 07:56:18
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: another National ID card fuckwit 
Sept. 22, 2001, 6:54PM
Idea of national identification card worth another look By DAGOBERT L. BRITO There have been several suggestions by responsible parties in the past few days that the United States adopt a national identification card program. The idea of a national identification card is one that most Americans find distasteful. An internal passport carries with it connotations of Adolf Hitler's Germany and Big Brother. However, the time has come to reevaluate the costs and benefits of such a card. Recent developments require more security precautions, and a national identification card is one of the less intrusive ways of providing such protection. First, for most Americans a national identification card would not involve any real loss of freedom or privacy. We already hold driver's licenses and use credit cards through which our travel and economic activities can easily be traced. As has been demonstrated many times in recent political investigations, authorities can obtain access to records of most of our transactions and even our phone calls. Therefore, for most middle-class Americans, a national identification card involves no significant restrictions on our freedoms. For those Americans who do not have access to credit cards and driver's licenses, a national identification card that can be used for identification may be a real asset. A smart photo identification card can be issued to every American citizen and resident over 18 years of age. The card would be universal, and no particular group would be singled out to bear a special burden. Every foreign national issued a visa to enter the United States could also be issued an identification card. This card could be coded with the expiration date of the visa and other such information. U.S. citizens and residents would be required to show this card to obtain employment and licences, to rent a car, check into hotels, use credit cards or ATM machines and cash checks. These are all activities that Congress can regulate under the Interstate Commerce Clause of the Constitution. The activities of foreign nationals in the United State on a visa can probably be monitored more closely without violating their rights. For example, it should be possible to monitor individuals undergoing flight training or studying nuclear engineering. This would serve several purposes. First, there are a large number of individuals who are in this country illegally because they have overstayed their visas or else have entered illegally. The issuing of national identification cards would be a way of finding such individuals. A few days ago, before Sept. 11, one could seriously make the argument that "undocumented" workers made a large contribution to the U.S. economy and it was not necessary to be strict in enforcing the laws. It is still true that these individuals make a large contribution to our economy and it is likely in our best interest to allow them to participate, but we must control the border. It is foolish to believe that we can keep out terrorists if we can't keep out simple farm workers. Mexican President Vicente Fox's request that the status of these worker be regularized now seems prophetic. The database generated by such cards would be a valuable tool for law enforcement and intelligence agencies. For most American this data already exists, but it is decentralized and takes time to process. A national identification card could be used to organize this data in a manner in which it could be used rapidly. People opposed to a national identification card are correct in believing that such a database could potentially pose a threat to our privacy and other rights protected by the Constitution. Thus, it is important that access to the database be limited by appropriate safeguards to protect these rights. The events of Sept. 11 mean that the amount of surveillance of airports and other such public places will increase. Employers and law enforcement officers will also be more careful. Unfortunately, there will be a disparate impact on some Americans because many people will make judgements on characteristics such as race or ethnic origin rather than the character of a particular individual. Thus, for many Americans who are likely to be stigmatized because of their ethnic origins, the possession of a valid identification card will be a valuable protection. Since the card can be linked to a database, it would eliminate the need to profile. A security score can be generated on more precise data without the use of such broad categories as race or ethic origin. Some people find the idea of having to produce an identification card oppressive. From personal experience, I find it much less oppressive to show an identification card than to be at the mercy of the discretion of a young, inexperienced or prejudiced border guard or police officer. Brito is a professor of political economy in the Department of Economics at Rice University.

@_date: 2001-09-25 21:58:04
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: RE: Mind control: U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror 
Shit I'm sorry, I left out the "irony smiley" again.
(Outraged Irony here)
(Outraged Irony here)
Aimee I would have suspected you of enough intelligence to catch the subtlety of intent by simple addition: Subject Line + followon = ironic disgust at the propagandistic spin caliming that only right wing supremacist terrorists are outraged angered, fearful.
Get it?  BTW, I can't really tell what the fuck you're saying either.

@_date: 2001-09-25 18:18:23
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: Mind control: U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror 
It's domestic terrorist extremist right wing supremecist group etc.  who will be experience "fear and anger" over the new laws.  Not "normal" people.  Does this mean anyone fearing and angered by the proposed new laws will be a terrorist?
Auto - I hope you get a message back to your ranks that we're not going to stand for it and we're not all extremist right wing supremecist terrorists.

@_date: 2001-10-20 16:19:14
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: sample Ellison ID card online 
Good for a laff.
An interesting irony, according to the site: Ellison's family took their name from Ellis Island immigration center.  Larry wants the ID mandatory for immigrants.

@_date: 2001-10-20 16:09:54
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: Larry Ellison: front page biz section: detail plan 4 nat. id. 
"This week Ellison offered specifics about his proposal in an interview..."
"The new ID's would be voluntary for everyone except immigrants..."
"Q: why is a national ID necessary? A: All ... IDs are different and they are easy to counterfeit.  My pilot's license ... is cut from a piece of cardboard."
"Q: You've offered ... the database software for free.  What about maintenance, tech support and upgrades?  A: In terms of associated services we have a very wealthy government. I don't think the government has any trouble paying for the labor associated with the software...   What's in it for me is the same thing that's in it for you: a safer America."
"Q: How do you take this beyond the talking stage? A: I've been back in Washington talking to the FBI, the CIA, ... had lunch with Attorney General Ashcroft...there are meetings planned at the White House..."
...ad nauseum

@_date: 2001-10-19 02:31:44
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: re: StreetMail (triangulate this) 
I wouldn't make the assumption that there is sufficient public street anonymity.  This scheme would fall easily to simple surveillance attacks.  Or LEA putting a second receiver in the vicinity.

@_date: 2001-10-11 22:20:46
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: Al Jazeera and Paki TV live on 'net 
server too busy.
Cute pic of bears playing now with lots of audioi crosstalk.  Jamming?

@_date: 2001-10-11 20:20:51
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: FBI warning 
For Immediate Release
      October 11, 2001
                                         Washington D.C.
                                         FBI National Press Office
Certain information, while not specific as to target, gives the government reason to believe that there may be additional terrorist attacks within the United States and against U.S. interests overseas over the next several days. The FBI has again alerted all local law enforcement to be on the highest alert and we call on all people to immediately notify the FBI and local law enforcement of any unusual or suspicious activity.

@_date: 2001-10-11 15:50:55
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: Taleban code message on BBC 
Unless it's BBC, seemingly undaunted by Condi's teeth.  prints "verbatim excerpts" of a Taleban statement - probably enough to include sufficient bit-density for code transmission.  Might have been treated differently if a statement by Obl?

@_date: 2001-10-11 15:39:18
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Feingold_amendment_text_URL?= 
I would -prefer- to read the text for myself too, and I'm pissed off at CDT, EFF, Congressional Record, and you for that matter, for not being on the case earlier.  If it came down to it I think I'd trust CDT EFF et. al. enough -it's not like trusting Ashcroft or Shrub- but of course you're right.
The amendment text is at

@_date: 2001-10-03 15:48:42
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: is there a red-line of PATRIOT bill? 
Does anyone have a red-line, change-pages version?

@_date: 2001-10-11 06:14:37
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: CDT: congressional action call - before Friday morning, October 
Dear Activist:
Things are moving very fast on Capitol Hill.  Legislation to expand government surveillance will be considered by the Senate (and maybe the House) on Thursday, October 11.
In the Senate, Sen. Russ Feingold is planning to offer amendments Thursday morning that will address some of the privacy concerns raised by the pending bills, by requiring government surveillance to be more focused and subject to meaningful judicial controls.  CDT supports the Feingold amendments.
You can make a difference. Call your Senators in Washington right away and let them know that you think civil liberties should be part of the balance as we move forward to protect our country from terrorism.  Urge them to support the Feingold privacy amendments
Following the horrendous attacks of September 11, it is clear that US anti-terrorism efforts need to be improved.  Unfortunately, there has been little time to develop a response that is effective and does not unnecessarily infringe civil liberties.  Legislation moving quickly through Congress involves some fundamental changes in the surveillance laws.  Most of the changes are not limited to terrorism cases, but concern all crimes and all intelligence investigations.
Among other things, the bills would:
* Allow FBI to seize any and all stored records (medical records, educational records, stored e-mail) in intelligence cases without a search warrant.
* Allow computer system operators to authorize government surveillance without a court order (the computer trespasser * Authorize roving taps in intelligence cases without clear guidelines, allowing government to monitor pay phones, library computers, cell phones without first determining who is using the device.
* Allow secret searches (searches without notice at the time of the search) in all criminal cases.
* Extend government surveillance under minimal standards to broad categories of Internet data  - all "routing, addressing and signaling information" (the "pen register" provision).
For full background the current civil liberties issues with the bill, please see CDT's latest policy post -- Also, the New York Times on October 10 explained the current situation in the Senate and Sen Feingold's concerns-- WHAT YOU CAN DO--MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD
1. Call your your Senators
[ can tell you who your sens are (duh)]
Tell the person who answers the phone that you hope your Senator will support the Feingold privacy amendment to the terrorism bill, so that it adequately protects civil liberties when giving the government new surveillance powers.
Use these words if you feel tongue-tied:
Staffer: Hello, Sen. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX office.
You: Hello.  I'm a constituent calling to urge the Senator to support the Feingold privacy amendments to the anti-terrorism bill. Government needs to fight terrorism, but the bill fails to protect privacy.  I'm concerned about the provisions on Internet surveillance and roving wiretaps.  I support the Feingold amendments setting clear limits on government surveillance.
Staffer: I'll tell the Senator.  Thanks, bye!
2. Let CDT know how it went! Go to
      and use the feedback form to tell us what happened. Or you can
   send an email back to me at mclark
3. Lastly, please forward this message to other individuals interested
   in protecting privacy and free expression on the Internet. They can
   find information about their Senators at    But they need to act right away. Forward this message until
   Friday morning, October 12, 2001. PLEASE NOTE:  We are asking you to call your Senators in Washington because studies have shown that this is the most effective way to make a difference over a short period of time.  By the time the office reads your email or letter it will probably be too late and a call into the district office does not have the same impact when the Senator is in Washington.
To subscribe to CDT's Activist Network, sign up at:
  If you ever wish to remove yourself from the list, unsubscribe at:
  If you just want to change your address, you should unsubscribe
yourself and then sign up again or contact: mclark
Michael Clark, Grassroots Webmaster
PGP Key available on keyservers
Center for Democracy and Technology
1634 Eye Street NW, Suite 1100
Washington, DC 20006
voice: 202-637-9800
fax: 202-637-0968

@_date: 2001-10-12 10:58:36
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: bunkerbuster: not just for nukes 
Possibly confused with this bunker buster:
Guided Bomb Unit-28 (GBU-28) BLU-113 Penetrator The Guided Bomb Unit-28 (GBU-28) is a special weapon developed for penetrating hardened Iraqi command centers located deep underground. The GBU-28 is a 5,000-pound
laser-guided conventional munition that uses a 4,400-pound penetrating warhead. The bombs are modified Army artillery tubes, weigh 4,637 pounds, and contain 630 pounds of
high explosives. They are fitted with GBU-27 LGB kits, 14.5 inches in diameter and almost 19 feet long. The operator illuminates a target with a laser designator and then the
munition guides to a spot of laser energy reflected from the target. Much more likely.  Hard to imagine a scenario where tacnukes would be deployed.

@_date: 2001-10-18 21:50:54
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: Re: Expert Warns Coded Pictures Indicate Al Qaeda Planning 
Are there any image processing brains out there who can duplicate the results on downf.jpg?
Without the filter kernel and other specific techniques known it's impossible to replicate and verify what this guy says, and after the Bert thingie he does to his credibility, well, you know, Trust but Verify.  Messing around with the original using my graphics software's built-in filters I don't get anything that looks anything like the results on bringmenews.com.  To me it looks doctored.

@_date: 2001-10-20 16:44:12
@_author: citizenQ 
@_subject: Calendar from Egypt: Image of WTC attack for month of Sept. 
"A calendar which was printed in Egypt and
for the month of September shows a
crashing passenger plane with Manhattan
and the Statue of Liberty as a backdrop --
and which was printed in May, a full three
months before the Sept. 11 terrorist
attacks on America -- has caused an
uproar in the Dutch town of Almere,
Netherlands, the newspaper De Telegraaf
reported yesterday."
