
@_date: 2002-03-03 23:57:50
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: 1997 RSA DES Challenge Stats Wanted 
I'm working on a book describing the 1997 DES Challenge that was
sponsored by RSA.  The book is the story of the 1997 brute force of
DES, told from my perspective.  (After some discussion of DES and its
standardization, we go to the Peter Trei post to cypherpunks, "Can We
Kill Single DES?" and the resulting RSA Challenges.  I'll touch on
Peter's DESKR, the 40-bit and 48-bit RC5 efforts, to complete the
setup needed to bring the reader into the DES challenges.  As many
will remember, I worked on Rocke Verser's DESCHALL project (which
found the key), but an important part of this story is the competition
we had with other efforts, watching how we all progressed in speed and
sophistication throughout the effort, always trying to stay ahead of
the others.
If anyone out there has any archives of the detailed (e.g., per-day
would be perfect) statistics for these efforts, I'd be terribly
grateful to get my hands on a copy:
 o SolNET
 o DES Violation Group
 o SGI's effort
The book, in case anyone is interested, is simply a modern story of
crypto: technology, politics, law, and people.  It's intended for an
Internet- and technology-aware mainstream audience, and I'm hoping to
have it finished an in stores on the five year anniversary of our
success, June 18, 2002.

@_date: 2002-03-21 21:38:57
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: Re: distributed filtering with server-side NoCeM's 
Many moons ago, I was frustrated to no end with the issue of spam on
Usenet, and wasn't particularly keen on the present system of
third-party cancels and its ramifications.  It was in such a mindset
that I discovered the NoCeM interface in Gnus.
I agree that the first issues to address are handling and distribution
of NoCeM messages.  The NoCeM system basically works thus:
 o Messages need to be delivered to individual mailboxes before
   someone can read them.
 o The message must be read to see whether it meets the NoCeM issuer's
   policy to generate the NoCeM.
 o The NoCeM message must be generated and sent someplace where it can
   be read.
 o The NoCeM-aware reader needs to see the article with the noise and
   the NoCeM message to figure out whether to continue doing the
   normal thing or whether to kill the message.
Now, this works alright if you do it all in the client that actually
reads the mail.  (Assuming that you're willing to live with the
tradeoff of additional bandwidth for NoCeM messages against the time
you'd otherwise spend ignoring the noise.)  With the present
architecture for mailing lists, putting the NoCeM processing in the
mailing list manager brings us to a paradox:
 o We need to distribute the mail to the clients for NoCeM issuers to
   evaluate the message
 o Once the mail has been delivered to the clients, there isn't
   anything that the mailing list manager can do to cancel the
   message, without extensions to the client.
There are options for working around this problem, but which we choose
will depend on our optimization criteria.  One would be to have the
mail delivered by mail to some server, and the server would obey the
NoCeMs that follow the junk.  That intermediate server would either
need to delay delivery to its readers (to be sure NoCeM issuers got a
chance to send 'em).  This depends on NoCeM issuers reading from a
node that doesn't delay messages.  Of course, if you're going to have
intermediate servers, why bother having it deliver by SMTP?  I'd
rather much read through an NNRP connection anyway.  Maybe the thing
to do would be to have an NNRP Cypherpunk node that understands NoCeM
I believe that `cleanfeed' is the software Adam cites to handle NoCeM
messages on the news spool.

@_date: 2003-08-15 17:23:49
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: Re: ATMs moving to triple DES. 
It was even longer than that...we passed six years ago in June.  (Time
flies, non?)
You started it.  It's all your fault. :-)

@_date: 2003-08-15 17:23:49
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: Re: ATMs moving to triple DES. 
It was even longer than that...we passed six years ago in June.  (Time
flies, non?)
You started it.  It's all your fault. :-)

@_date: 2004-08-16 19:50:54
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: Re: SHA-1 rumors 
Dobbertin's work on was reduced MD5.  I haven't heard anything about
progress on that front for several years.
MD4 was reported broken a year or two earlier.
