
@_date: 2002-07-31 00:46:42
@_author: "Profile To Investors" 
@_subject: NASDAQ:IRPC - Special Report Alert 
Profile to Investors Special Report
Special Report
Insurance Replacement Center(NASDAQ OTCBB: IRPC)
12 Month Target Price: $2.98
52-Week Range
$0.20 - $0.67
Shares Outst. (fully diluted)
8.7 million
Approx. Float
1.0 million
Reasons to OWN IRPC:
IRPC has developed a "one stop shopping" center for the property insurance industry where policy holders can have their goods replaced in a highly convenient, cost effective, and value-added method
IRPC expects to have revenues of $13 Million with EBITDA of $697 K this year and $53 Million with EBITDA of $7.6 Million next year. Which would represent only 1% of U.S. Industry
IRPC has built strategic and long term relationships with both manufacturing as well as retail companies
IRPC's seasoned and experienced management team offers over 35 years combined experience in the property and casualty insurance industry
IRPC has tapped into a relatively new and potentially massive marketplace given the volume of property insurance claims
The opportunities for insurance replacement in concert with insurance firms are numerous and IRPC is in a unique position to play a role as product distributor
About IRPC
IRPC was founded in 1999 by experienced insurance claims personnel with over 35 years combined experience in the property and casualty insurance industry. The Company was formed in response to the needs of local insurance adjusters who desired reliable product information.
          Over the past two years, IRPC has incurred over ten thousand working hours in research and development to establish a proprietary, personal property knowledge base, complete with a technology infrastructure and training program. With a network of alliances, the adoption of advanced technology, and management expansion expertise, IRPC will prosper in a traditional industry that is prime to readdress the legacy fragmented management systems and bring them into current business procedures.
Valuation and Conclusion
        We think any investor looking into acquiring a position in Insurance Replacement Center Inc. should first look at the staggering potential of insurance replacement services and then think about how to get into it.
IRPC is a development stage company. With many development stage companies, there are many risks as well as the potential rewards.
******* Important Notice and Disclaimer: Please Read *******
      Profile to Investors (PTI) publishes reports providing information on selected companies that PTI believes has investment potential. PTI is not a registered investment advisor or broker-dealer. This report is provided as an information service only, and the statements and opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. PTI accepts no liability for any loss arising from an investor's reliance on or use of this report. An investment in IRPC is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment. PTI has been hired by a third party consultant, and is contracted to receive $25,000.00 for the publication and circulation of this report. Subsequently PTI may buy or sell shares of IRPC stock in the open market. This report contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks, and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from!
 t!
hose set forth in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, see the SEC filings of IRPC including the company's most recent annual and quarterly reports.
We have your email address as cypherpunks To unsubscribe, simply click here, or reply to this email with a subject of
