
@_date: 2004-06-21 07:50:25
@_author: "pedro wiener" 
@_subject: Sfxktn health informati0n 
followet  food-animal  eventsideruler  Go to our site for more information, so we can help you with all your
pr_escription needs.
Help relieve your pain V~ico.din
Real doctors providing for your health and well being.  G P To exc'lude yourself from fu^ture 0f.fers,:  Little Johnny came home early from school and started calling his mother
with no answer. He finally went up stairs and saw the bedroom door was open
a little. When he peered in, he saw his dad on the bed with the maid so he
quietly went outside and waited for his mother. When she showed up with some
groceries, he said "Mommy, Mommy guess what I saw? I saw daddy upstairs on
the bed with the maid and they were......." and his Mother said, "Stop right
there, Johnny". Wait until supper tonight when the maid is serving the meal.
When I wink at you, then tell me the story." At supper when all were seated
and being served by the maid, she winked and Johnny began again. "Mommy,
When I got home from school early today, I was looking for you and saw daddy
on the bed with the maid. They were doing the same thing that I saw you and
Uncle Phil doing at the cottage last summer."
The LAPD, The FBI, and the CIA are all trying to prove that they are the
best at apprehending criminals. The President decides to give them a test. He releases a rabbit into afforest and has each of them try to catch it. The
CIA goes in. They place animal informants throughout the forest. They
question all plant and mineral witnesses. After three months of extensive
investigations they conclude that rabbits do not exist. Then the FBI goes
in. After two weeks with no leads they burn the forest, filling everything
in it, including the rabbit, and they make no apologies. The rabbit had it
coming. Then the LAPD goes in. They come out two hours later with a badly
beaten raccoon. The raccoon is yelling: "Okay! Okay! I¡¯m a rabbit! I'm a
zentsuuz0sinsin39tatinara,toriya hougai.
