
@_date: 2009-03-24 21:45:07
@_author: "Craig S. Wright" 
@_subject: RE: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - CNET News 
In response to:
" You are taking asumption that this "random data" are evidence."
Actually, this is not the case. Random data is not the natural state of data on a hard drive. Next, an overwrite can be determined to a point in time if you continue to use the drive. Entropy calculations on random data can often distinguish random data from encryption as the /dev/urandom process has a lower entropy then is found on good encryption. The standard error from a two sample comparison of the bitwise entropy values will commonly display statistically significant variances when comparing encryption and a pseudo random generator on most PCs as long as there is a sufficient amount of data. In the case of whole disk encryption, there is generally more than sufficient data.
This provides sufficient evidence for presentation in a court.
Next, bios markers and ATA data etc will be available. Overwriting a drive takes time and will miss the HPA on the drive. From this you can demonstrate that a drive was booted, mounted or otherwise used. If the drive was used, you have evidence that it was not simple random data.
If you are talking SD and memory cards, there is always data. You cannot access the entire card when you mount it. There are sections of the chips that are isolated. Stego is distinguishable from random data. Next, few systems use enough randomness to actually make the /dev/urandom process as random as you are asserting.
I love it when people who have never studied law start trying to start how it should be...
Dr. Craig S Wright GSE-Malware, GSE-Compliance, LLM, & ...
Information Defense Pty Ltd

@_date: 2009-03-20 20:55:35
@_author: "Craig S. Wright" 
@_subject: RE: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - CNET 	News 
You have a problem with the argument, "My right to my data, including who I share it with, is absolute." You will find that this does not hold true anywhere in the world. Absolutes are unworkable in  the real world. Even free speech fails as an absolute. For example, people have no right to make up stories about somebody else. Absolute free speech would include defamation, this is not the case.
Let us take a recent issue with data secrecy, banking. Last week, the Swiss government was forced to bow to pressure from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) representatives. The Swiss are imposing standards for handing over bank data on a case-by-case basis. This will only continue to become more stringent. Following the introduction of the US Patriot Act, the laws against money laundering have been strengthened. There are increased penalties and access to data has been mandated in many cases. One of the issues that has led to these changes was the same that resulted in a US government a fine of $100 million imposed against UBS. When US soldiers in Iraq uncovered many hundred of million dollars in illegitimate cash concealed in the walls of Saddam Hussein's palaces, they were able to trace this back to funds managed by UBS. Tax crimes and fraud are only one aspect of this.
All of this is related to access to data. Hiding data does not privacy make. Freedom as is being touted blooms best without corruption. Corruption grows in the dark. (my newsbyte :)
"But those are just bits on a platter."
Now I see an argument from reductionism. Again flawed.
We are just atoms and energy arranged into a recognisable structure (as is a hard drive). The reduction argument fails as all things reduce to the same matter.
"The means to freedom is resistance to tyranny, whenever feasible."
Great newsbyte, flawed argument. What has been called the "sunshine principle" is in-fact a constituent of freedom. You of course have the "tyranny of the masses" with democracy. Where does the argument end?
And to the original issue.
The police do not need to find abused children to prosecute child porn. In fact, many jurisdictions treat simulated CP as criminal.
"What was presented, and what I was defending, was a specific technique
for keeping data secure."
What you touted was destruction of evidence. First, it is not a method that works 100% of the time, next it is a crime in most jurisdictions. As such, the response is a promotion of criminal actions.
Cutting an SD card DOES NOT make data unrecoverable.
Heating it may or may not destroy data (this is down to luck)
In either case, you compound the issue, not fix it.
On top of this, "cat /dev/urandom > /dev/sda1" is a wipe. This is a way of destroying data. That is from all eyes.
I would not place so much faith in not being able to determine the difference of a pseudo write and a good encryption algorithm. You may just happen to find that repeated runs of /dev/urandom from the same system has heteroscadestic properties that can be correlated. You may just find that entropy calculations can help determine the distinction of psudeo-random and encrypted data.
Dr. Craig S Wright GSE-Malware, GSE-Compliance, LLM, & ...
Information Defense Pty Ltd
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Saturday, 21 March 2009 5:52 AM
You want a serious argument.
While I'm grateful for the historical review, I've read Conquest and
many others, including the several books by a Soviet defector whose
name escapes me at the moment - Viktor something, who described the
GRU and other Soviet agencies. I have some vague inkling of what true
repression is about.
But mine is not a slippery slope argument. As free individual, my data
is *my* data. If they can bludgeon it out of me, that's damned
unfortunate, but it's a consequence of living in the real world. My
right to my data, including who I share it with, is absolute.
What was presented, and what I was defending, was a specific technique
for keeping data secure. Risk of consequences must be judged by the
Getting back to the specifics of the case that started this thread,
the supposition is that he's hiding child porn. Bummer. Despicable,
even. But those are just bits on a platter.
If the police want to prosecute something, let them do their work, and
find the abused children, and make their case for real.
And really, the debate, as we've shown, isn't about child porn, it's
about hiding data beyond the reach of authorities.
The means to freedom is resistance to tyranny, whenever feasible.
On Fri, Mar 20, 2009 at 03:21, Craig S. Wright

@_date: 2009-03-20 10:21:29
@_author: "Craig S. Wright" 
@_subject: RE: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - CNET 	News 
Slippery slope arguments as to how bad it can get such as this are inherently flawed.
True, you are playing a different game with some groups (and the KGB stopped existing well over a decade ago and I would think you mean "SMERrt SHpionam" for what you are implying as the group in the former Soviet bloc countries). KGB, Komitet Gosudarstvennoy Bezopasnosti (Committee for State Security) was a state police force (in the real-non-bond world) and as a suspected individual not of a civil bent (i.e. not Russian) you would likely face the Glavnoye Razvedyvatelnoye Upravleniye (GRU) - sorry Bond has it wrong (that is, the KGB and Jimmy Bond are a bad mix).
The GRU (which roughly means the Chief Intelligence Directorate of the General Staff) would have you directed to the Fifth Department for electronic intelligence collection under the: Radio Intelligence Regiment communications intercept (SIGINT) regiment. This is under a presumption that a key exists. This is if you can show an out. That is you have NOT destroyed it.
Had you gone about destroying data, this would have you moved from the Fifth Department to the Third Department (Spetsnaz). Spetnaz was responsible for psychological interrogation. Trust me, the third was not a choice you would have made with foreknowledge. The fifth was a better option. Both may be a desent into Dante's lower circle, but the 5th is the outer ring whereas the 3rd would see a visit with Judas). (Both in the Fifth Directorate for clarification).
The issue is that encryption itself is illegal. Your destroying the key will make it worse, but you are fooling yourself if you think this an aide in such a regime.
So as for your "different game" - you are correct in asserting it as a different game. However, what you have missed is that by destroying evidence in this scenario, you have NOT found a means to freedom. Dr. Craig S Wright GSE-Malware, GSE-Compliance, LLM, & ...
Information Defense Pty Ltd
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, 20 March 2009 12:08 PM
Under normal circumstances, you are correct.
However, when dealing with the rough (!) equivalent of the KGB, Stasi,
whatever, you're playing a different game.
Just saying.
On Thu, Mar 19, 2009 at 17:04, Craig S Wright

@_date: 2009-03-20 00:04:30
@_author: Craig S Wright 
@_subject: Re: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - CNET  News 
10 years plus The original charge or even more
Basically the jury can be instructed to treat the destroyed evidence  as containing the most highly incriminating evidence possible.
It is never better to destroy evidence
Sent from my iPhone

@_date: 2009-03-19 21:01:21
@_author: Craig S Wright 
@_subject: Re: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - CNET  News 
The intentional destruction of evidence is a crime.
US law varies by state, but as an example, Australian federal law and  Victorian state law would make this a criminal act that would itself  be punished and also result in an instruction for the jury to treat  the now unaccessable evidence as holding definstive proof of what you  are being checked for in the first place.
Your strategy makes you a criminal. It does not gain any benifit.
Dr. Craig S Wright LLM. GSE-Malware...

@_date: 2009-04-02 18:53:33
@_author: Craig S Wright 
@_subject: Re: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - CNET  News 
What the hell is a "military format"?
Try not to add imaginary terminology.
And no, it can not work. I can image the disk offline. This no  Sent from my iPhone
