
@_date: 2004-10-02 03:14:13
@_author: 22 
@_subject: YOU HAVE WON!!! 
WINNING NOTICE
FROM: THE LOTTERY COORDINATOR,
INTERNATIONAL PROMOTIONS/PRIZE AWARD DEPARTMENT
DEAR WINNER
           RESULTS FOR CATEGORY "A" DRAWS
Congratulations to you as we bring to your notice, the results of the Category "A" draws of CROWN GLOBAL LOTTERY NL
We are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the First Category, which is part of our promotional draws. The draws were held prior to your notification. Participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 4,000,000 names/email addresses of individuals and companies from America, Asia, Australia, Africa, Canada, Europe, Middle East, and New Zealand as part of our International Promotions Program.
You/Your Company, attached to ticket number 3322/6181-22,with serial number 92-71 drew the lucky numbers 19, 21, 25, 30,41,44 (22), and consequently won in the Category "A".
You have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of $1,000,000.00 (One Million Thousand United States Dollars) in cash, which is the winning payout for Category "A" winners. This is from the total prize money of $5,000,000.00 shared among the Five international winners in this category.
Your funds are now deposited with A BANK, a reputable BANK, insured in your name. In your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind, we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed, and your funds remitted to your account.  This is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants/no participants of this program.
Please contact your claims agent immediately, to begin your claims process;
MR. Wilson Souza
CLAIMING OFFICER
CROWN GLOBAL LOTTERY NL LTD
EMAIL: crowngloballotto
For due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice.
Remember, you must contact your claims agent not later than two weeks after the receipt of this mail. After this date, all funds will be returned as unclaimed.
NOTE: For easy reference and identification find below your reference and Batch numbers. Note that you are to forward this email to the agents in your first correspondence with them, whether by email. REFERENCE NUMBER: CGL/7668/94-55/11
BATCH NUMBER: 9541-HM
Congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program.
