
@_date: 2009-03-03 18:35:48
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Re: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop 
Unless I'm misunderstanding the ruling, Boucher is not being compelled to produce his passphrase (like he could under RIPA Section 49 in the UK), but he is being told to produce the unencrypted contents of the drive.
Assuming I'm interpreting the ruling correctly, this seems little different than a judge approving a search warrant for a residence, whose execution could produce incriminating evidence that is usable in court.
There is a chasm of difference between being compelled to produce keys, which could be subsequently reused with other encrypted material, and being compelled to produce specific unencrypted data, which is much more narrowly scoped and therefore less intrusive.

@_date: 2011-03-08 04:24:59
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: [cryptography] Reliably Erasing Data From Flash-Based Solid 
Given the size difference between most phones and SSDs, that's a combinatorially rather different prospect. I'm not saying that it's impossible, just that the SSD case requires a lot more motivation to Agreed, but I don't think I implied otherwise.
With load levelling you get identical or near-identical blocks strewn throughout the flash as files are rewritten. This is what I was referring to when I said that figuring out the blocks containing the most current file data is tricky.
AFAIK, SSD controllers don't (yet?) dedup. Even if they did, a 1 byte change within a block would cause a new block to be written. So you end up with n instances of very similar blocks. Absent the phys to log mapping from the controller, you wind up having to try a large number of combinations to work out what the most recent version of a file actually contained.
One of the really big differences between raw flash from an SSD and a magnetic hard drive is that rewriting a file on an HD will overwrite the blocks -- insert handwave about modern copy-on-write filesystems here -- whereas on an SSD it won't.
Which brings us back to puzzle-piece together-putting on a nonsmall scale.

@_date: 2011-03-07 01:53:58
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: [cryptography] Reliably Erasing Data From Flash-Based Solid 
I've not listened to your interview, so you may discuss the following in detail, but getting the raw data out of the flash has never been that much of a problem. The issue is that controller vendors use different load leveling schemes and each one guards its inconceivably unique algorithm with great hyperbole.
Puzzling out the right phys to log mapping while correctly divining which block contains the most current data turns out to be the not easy bit.
