
@_date: 2001-12-02 03:05:51
@_author: custserv@DSPromos.com 
@_subject: Great Holiday Specials 
Patriotic Holiday Specials
      & Holiday Items Now on Sale
View Online
      you are looking for that perfect gift for your loved ones or looking
      fill customer demand for these highly sought after items, you won't
find a
      better bargain!
All items
      are available in any quantity, including bulk for re-sale.  For
more information, please contact
us.  
          Holiday Offers
          Tree Ornaments  Beautifully
          crafted keepsakes of our nation's most precious landmarks.
Catalog  All
          patriotic!
Children's Catalog
Air Force One
          toys, plush toys, trivia & more.
Pack A - $9.95  For you and that someone
special!  Includes 
      (2) Adult Tee Shirts (your choice of style), (2) Bumper Stickers (your
      choice of style), & 2 Flag Lapel Pins.
Family Pack B
$19.95  Plenty for
      mom, dad and the kids! Includes
      (2) Adult Tee Shirts       (your choice of style),  (2) Bumper
Stickers       (your choice of style), (4) Flag Stickers (your
choice of style), (1) Toy
      Air Force One Jumbo Jet (w/ lights and sound, batteries
& (1) State Sticker/Trivia
Family Pack C
- $29.95  Great
for large families, co-workers, & friends.  Includes (4)
Adult Tee Shirts
      (your choice of style),  (4) Bumper Stickers
      (your choice of style), (8) Flag Stickers (your
choice of style), (1) Toy
      Air Force One Jumbo Jet (w/ lights and sound, batteries
 (1) State Sticker/Trivia Books, (1) Presidential Limousine,
(1) Air Force One Play Set & (4) 4" x 6" Hand Held Flags.
Retailer's Extravaganza 
      All items shown are available at bulk rate pricing. 
You won't be able to keep them in stock!  Ideal for
      fundraisers too. Click on the links to the right to view individual
Children's Catalog
      Ornaments
Holiday Tree
Take a look at our exquisitely crafted
ornaments to trim the tree!  These beautiful collector's ornaments are
sure to be treasured for years to come.
"The White
      United States Capital"
      DC" Panorama 
              is for Lovers"
This is not Spam. 
You are in our database because you (or someone else) has purchased items
from one of our
online stores, using the email address in which this promotion was
delivered. 
If you feel you have received this in error or wish to be removed from our
database click
