
@_date: 2005-02-25 14:30:12
@_author: CyberTech 
@_subject: American Pallet IR/PR Final 
PrimeTarget
NEWS ALERT
American Pallet Leasing, Inc. (APLS.OB)
Opening Price $ .89  6 Month Target Price: $3.75
Shares Outstanding
11.5 million
Approx. Float
1.2 million
A Few Reasons To Own AMERICAN PALLET LEASING
APLS files SEC form 10QSB, Quarterly Report
APLS Establishes Midwest Regional Headquarters and Commences Construction on Wood/Steel Pallet Facility
APLS Appoints Byron Hudson, formally of KMPG, Chief Executive Officer
APLS Retains Epoch Financial Group Inc. Worldwide as Investor Relations CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 15, 2005--American Pallet Leasing, Inc. (OTCBB: APLS - News), a vertically integrated manufacturer and logistical supplier of pallets, announced today that it is adding four high speed production saws which will allow APL an additional 30,000 board feet of pallet lumber per day, and a new pallet machine to increase pallet production at its Blacksburg facility to keep pace with customer demand for wood pallets. APL's Chief Executive Officer, Timothy R. Bumgarner, commented that pallet sales have been brisk and the need for pallets continues to grow. "Every pallet we make is sold, so it was an easy decision to make the six-figure expenditure for equipment that will increase our production and revenue. Since some of our pallet production comes from the reclamation of remnant material that previously would have been sold as chips at a lower price, much of the revenue increase will drop to the bottom line. Currently, the income difference from recycling remnant material is roughly equal to the payroll at the Blacksburg plant." Mr. Bumgarner continued. "Recently, in one week we made 35,000 board feet of pallet lumber out of material that most other sawmills would have sold as chips. The new equipment will enable us to exploit this resource with even greater efficiency." About AMERICAN PALLET LEASING, INC.
APL is a vertically integrated manufacturer and logistical supplier of pallets. APL is engaged in an acquisition roll-up of strategically located wood pallet manufacturers and saw (lumber) mills. APL's goal is to create a "Closed Loop Distribution System" by transforming the $1.6 billion-per-year pallet business from a commodity industry into a logistics management enterprise that will supply and manage the pallet requirements of manufacturers and distributors. APL currently owns one saw mill and intends to acquire other saw mills as a means of sourcing cheap lumber for APL's wood pallet manufacturing operations. APL also holds patents on proprietary galvanized steel pallets and intends to commence the manufacture of its patented steel pallets subject to the receipt of additional capital. APL intends to enter into management and logistics contracts with manufacturers and distributors pursuant to which APL will suppl! y and manage all of the customers' pallet needs. APL is in negotiations to procure its initial management and logistics contracts. All revenue to date has been derived from the sawmill operations.                                                         *******Important Notice and Disclaimer:  Please Read ******* The Latest is a paid advertisement distributed through email marketing. The Latest has no stock interest or ownership in American Pallet Leasing, Inc.  Verify all claims and do your own due diligence.  The Latest advertisements are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities.  The Latest is not offering securities for sale.  This release may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  The words .may,. .would,. .will,. .expect,. .estimate,. .anticipate,. .believe,. .intend,. and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees ! of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company.s ability to control, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.  This profile is not without bias, and is a paid advertisement.  The Latest is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.  The Latest is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor. It is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial advisor, or a broker-dealer, or a member of any financial regulatory bodies.  The information contained in The Latest advertisements is provided as an information only service.  The accuracy or completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as realizable as the sources from which it was obtained.  Investing in micro cap stocks is extremely risky and, investors are cautione! d that they many lose all or a portion of their investment if they mak e a purchase in American Pallet Leasing, Inc.
THE READER SHOULD VERIFY ALL CLAIMS AND DO THEIR OWN DUE DILIGENCE BEORE INVESTING IN ANY SECURITIES MENTIONED.  INVESTING IN SECURITIES IS SPECULATIVE AND CARRIES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. We encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the Securities and Exchange Commission (.SEC.) at  and/or the National Association of Securities Dealers (.NASD.) at   We also strongly recommend that you read the SEC advisory to investors concerning Internet Stock Fraud, which can be found at   Readers can review all public filings by companies at the SEC.s EDGAR page.  The NASD has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site. If you no longer wish to receive these emails Click This Link. Or you can write to:
Consumer OfferStore
20283 State Road 7, Suite 300
Boca Raton, FL 33498 USA
Please allow up to 10 days from receipt of written request for this process to complete.
