
@_date: 2001-09-12 04:15:49
@_author: "Chen Yixiong, Eric" 
@_subject: RE: [psychohistory] What can a Society Do? 
According to the Theorem page at:
I think I did not draw parallels to my writings below. The theorm seems to apply for democratic systems, but here I write about systems in general. I think we had referred to different versions of Godel's Theorem, where I use this version : "No system of rules can have both completeness and consistency (including social systems applied to humans)".
I do wish to eloborate on, concerning this Theorm (which I did know of earlier but did not write about). This shows the limitations of democratic decision making and should wake up some of those who firmly believe in democracy to the Godel's Theorem's Limitations. Hence, I hope these people will consider alternative systems which apply only selectively, such as the one I advocate (in Project Sociologistics).
Thanks for sharing this information with me anyway. I know I still have a lot to learn from all of you here.
Do You Yahoo!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 2001-09-12 05:24:24
@_author: "Chen Yixiong, Eric" 
@_subject: RE: [msal-politics] Re: [psychohistory] What can a Society Do? 
Pardon my ignorance, but I would like to know, in a clear, consise language, about the above examples that can constitute "more than a set ot rules".
Think of it: Does the laws of science really exist in the real world, or do they exist only in our heads? Put it in another manner: Do you really see this eco-system diagram when we make a stroll in the woods? Do you see mathematical equations spouting out of your car engines?
Notes: More details explaining this and more on Godel's Theorem in another (now half-completed) non-political posting.
Godel's Theorem applies to all systems, including illogical (as in inconsistent) ones, except itself (so it has incompleteness too). If you insist, I hope you can show me some examples.
Yes, for a same set of situation with perfect information, a rational person will always choose the best choice (if it exists). (Now, I know we don't get perfect information easily, but I shall handle this seperate issue in another post, or in the paper itself, not here.) However, I don't quite understand how always choosing the best choice has anything to do with inconsistency?
You may call a simplified assumption naive, but then, a lot of other people start with "naive" assumptions that eventually make full-blown theories. Einstein, for example, had this assumption that light travels at a constant speed no matter at what speed you observe it, and this definitely seems "naive" also because it has goes against "common sense".
Do You Yahoo!?
Get your free  address at
