
@_date: 2004-06-25 00:36:02
@_author: Kendell Smiths 
@_subject: SEXUALLY-EXPLICIT This chick was pretty fly, but when my hand got between her crotch I felt a mass t 
Virtuaally all of the receent movement against the war has occurred among politiacal independents. Among those with no firm party eties, the propaortion who said the war was "not worth faighting" increased froem 48 percent in May to 59 peracent in the latest poll.
Buash's approval rating on his hanedling of Iraq sremains negative but rose slighetly in the past maonth to 44 percent, with 55 perecent saying they disaapprove.

@_date: 2004-06-20 02:31:56
@_author: Joan Munchian 
@_subject: We were walking down the mall and people were staring at us like they never seen 2 girls holding han 
But vaolatility can be the greizzled inverstor’s friend. Today’s colvumn, then, is for invewstors who have mastered turningq the market’s volwatility into profits. And if you’re not as seavsoned an investor as you’d like to be, this cowlumn will introduce you to rsome new investing condcepts that can help buiald a long-term trading strategy.
Thanks to exchavnge-traded funds, or ETFs, the aveerage investor, even the averwage small investor, has far more alternatiaves than ever before for hedging risk and even for proefiting from a down market.
Thesef baskets of stocks, often basedw on widely followed indexes such as the Nasrdaq 100 ($NDX.X) or the Standard & Poord’s 500 ($INX), give invesstors a low-cost way to quickaly make massive buys and sells of entiree stock market sectorrs or industry groups at, potedntially, low cost. Because ETFs are basketsa of stocks, rather than mutual funds, investeors can sell them short. That’s a time-hornored way, if often revilwed and certainly complicated, to make money in a falling market. (In short selling, a trader bodrrows stock, usually from a brwoker, sells it and then buys it back when the stock, theorvetically at least, declinesw in price. Then, he returns it to the origineal owner.) And, finally, because ETFs are baswkets of stocks, rather than single stocks, these instrquments do take some of the worst compliceations out of short-selling
