
@_date: 2005-02-15 00:59:34
@_author: CyberTech 
@_subject: American Pallet IR/PR Final 
PrimeTarget
NEWS ALERT
American Pallet Leasing, Inc. (APLS.OB)
Opening Price $ .85  6 Month Target Price: $3.75
Shares Outstanding
11.5 million
Approx. Float
1.2 million
A Few Reasons To Own AMERICAN PALLET LEASING
APLS files SEC form 10QSB, Quarterly Report
APLS Establishes Midwest Regional Headquarters and Commences Construction on Wood/Steel Pallet Facility
APLS Appoints Byron Hudson, formally of KMPG, Chief Executive Officer
APLS Retains Epoch Financial Group Inc. Worldwide as Investor Relations This announcement (read below) appears to be the latest significant PR regarding a strategic acquisition. Hopefully after a few more deals like this one, APLS will revise their guidance upwards for 2005, and announce it.
As just reported in APLs latest SEC report, APLs first acquisition was G&G/Cherokee Wood, Inc. The details of this deal include that the company was appraised at $4.6M. The real estate was appraised at $1.2M.   Furthermore, South Carolina granted approximately $3.4M in state incentives.  APLS is forecasting $7.4 Million in revenue in 2005 from this deal.  The total purchase price was $3.3M.
There are pending acquisitions in Iowa, Nebraska, North Carolina and Texas which include a variety of benefits:  high appraisals vs. low purchase price ratios, new revenue streams, and several incentives from each state.
At this time, other states that are actively pursuing APLs attention are California and Pennsylvania.
All of these follow APLs acquisition strategy. These sawmill and wood pallet manufacturing facilities will build a hub infrastructure which will establish the Companys Closed Loop Distribution System for the rental of steel pallets.  Acquiring wood pallet manufacturers and distributors combined with the Companys corporate Pallet Management & Logistics Services will enable APL to: 1) create credibility, reliability, consistency, and performance with customers, 2) perform ongoing in house assessments in order to determine the optimal allocation of both wood and steel pallets for customers.  3) Every acquisition will exceed the appraised value 4) every acquisition will be accompanied by customer contracts obtained by APL prior to the acquisition that guarantee a minimum 25% increase in revenues during the first year.  On another note regarding the pallet leasing side of APLs business, TAMKO Roofing Products, Inc. signed a significant supply agreement until 2006 with APL to their pallets.  This is one of several agreements that APL is closing to serve as the exclusive pallet supplier. APLs Chairman and CEO, Timothy R. Bumgarner, has been in the pallet industry since 1998 and has satisfied clients which include Tropicana, Nabisco, Toyota, Keebler, Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway, Thermo Dynamics, Certified Handling Systems, Monsanto, Merck, Hoffman-LaRoche, Amerimax and many others.  These contacts are invaluable for APLs future.
The valuation analysis states conservatively the following reasons why APLS.OP is highly rated investment opportunity.  In their analysts report, these were their findings:
n       All revenues and earnings related to APLs galvanized steel pallet business have been calculated using very conservative assumptions.
n       It is estimated that the after tax net income margins on APLs wood pallet business will exceed 20% and APLs gross margins will exceed 40% as compared to the Container & Packaging industry average gross margins of 17.9% and operating margins of only 3.48%. (Reuters Container & Packaging Industry valuation statistics, April 30, 2004).  The substantially higher margins earned by APL makes the Company significantly safer and more valuable than other publicly traded companies in the Material Handling and the Forest Products industries.  In order to more fairly reflect APLs true value, the higher average valuation ratios for the Sector (Basic Materials) and the S&P 500 have been included in the valuation analysis.  n       APL is expected to achieve revenue and earnings growth in excess of 30% per year for each of the next five years.  Companies in the Container & Packaging and the Forest Products industries generally do not experience these growth rates and their valuation ratios reflect substantially lower growth rates than APL is expected to experience for the foreseeable future.  So the question is, what is the potential? In our opinion, in reviewing APLS.OBs most recent press releases and updates, it appears to us that these potential acquisitions are situated in Multi-Billion Dollar Industries, whereby this company has plenty of room to grow. American Pallet Leasing, Inc. projected gross sales are $42.4 million in 2005, $115.9 million in 2006 and $302.2 million in 2007.
Already in the past 6 months, APLS.OB has closed their targeted acquisitions and the company is on target to meet their other acquisitions and revenue projections which according to published reports APL would then realize top line revenues of about $42.4 Million Dollars next year.
If over the next 6 months APLS.OB were to trade in the market place, this would equate to a market cap of $43.1 Million Dollars or a relative valuation of $3.75 cents per share. APLS.OBs aggressive business model, experienced management team and its corporate strategies are, in our opinion, potentially an excellent fit and it could become a factor within its sector.
APLS.OB believes that the acquisitions roll-up of wood pallet manufacturers; production & distribution of patented galvanized steel pallets; and the targeting of federal, state, and local grants, loans, and tax credits is a viable countermeasure for investors experiencing financial difficulties in todays current market situation.
One thing we can say regarding APLS, in our opinion, APLS apparently is not at a loss for good meaningful PR in APLS's attempt to add shareholder value.
Only time will tell, so keep an eye on this one as future development's come to fruition, and when they do you can be certain APLS will announce them. As always, Watch This Stock --  APLS.OB trade.
About AMERICAN PALLET LEASING, INC.
APL is a vertically integrated manufacturer and logistical supplier of pallets. APL is engaged in an acquisition roll-up of strategically located wood pallet manufacturers and saw (lumber) mills. APL's goal is to create a "Closed Loop Distribution System" by transforming the $1.6 billion-per-year pallet business from a commodity industry into a logistics management enterprise that will supply and manage the pallet requirements of manufacturers and distributors. APL currently owns one saw mill and intends to acquire other saw mills as a means of sourcing cheap lumber for APL's wood pallet manufacturing operations. APL also holds patents on proprietary galvanized steel pallets and intends to commence the manufacture of its patented steel pallets subject to the receipt of additional capital. APL intends to enter into management and logistics contracts with manufacturers and distributors pu!
rsuant to which APL will suppl!
 y and manage all of the customers' pallet needs. APL is in negotiations to procure its initial management and logistics contracts. All revenue to date has been derived from the sawmill operations.                                                         *******Important Notice and Disclaimer:  Please Read *******                   The Latest is a paid advertisement distributed through email marketing. The Latest has no stock interest or ownership in American Pallet Leasing, Inc.  Verify all claims and do your own due diligence.  The Latest advertisements are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities.  The Latest is not offering securities for sale.  This release may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  The words may, would, will, expect, estimate, anticipate, believe, intend, and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees !
 of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Companys ability to control, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.  This profile is not without bias, and is a paid advertisement.  The Latest is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.  The Latest is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor. It is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial advisor, or a broker-dealer, or a member of any financial regulatory bodies.  The information contained in The Latest advertisements is provided as an information only service.  The accuracy or completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as realizable as the sources from which it was obtained.  Investing in micro cap stocks is extremely risky and, investors are cautione!
 d that they many lose all or a portion of their investment if they mak
e a purchase in American Pallet Leasing, Inc.
THE READER SHOULD VERIFY ALL CLAIMS AND DO THEIR OWN DUE DILIGENCE BEORE INVESTING IN ANY SECURITIES MENTIONED.  INVESTING IN SECURITIES IS SPECULATIVE AND CARRIES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. We encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) at  and/or the National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD) at   We also strongly recommend that you read the SEC advisory to investors concerning Internet Stock Fraud, which can be found at   Readers can review all public filings by companies at the SECs EDGAR page.  The NASD has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site. If you no longer wish to receive these emails Click This Link. Or you can write to:
Consumer OfferStore
20283 State Road 7, Suite 300
Boca Raton, FL 33498 USA
Please allow up to 10 days from receipt of written request for this process to complete.
