
@_date: 2014-01-20 00:34:30
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: independently assisting oversight of highly classified programs 
Indeed, Daniel Ellsberg planned to have Congresspeople speak about the
still-classified Pentagon Papers via this part of the Constitution.
Senator Mike Gravel did it. You can read about it in Sanford J. Ungar's
book The Papers & the Papers: an Account of the Legal and Political
Battle over the Pentagon Papers. If I'm not mistaken, Gravel has spoken
out in favor of Snowden.

@_date: 2014-04-28 21:02:17
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: DoJ tried to stop Barrett Brown's criticism of gov 
This morning WhoWhatWhy published my new article, "Silencing Barrett
Brown." I obtained the transcript of the hacktivist journo's September 4
gag hearing, which revealed bench conference conversations that were
inaudible from the gallery when I attended. The transcript shows the
prosecution asked the judge to stop Brown's wide-ranging criticism of
the government in general, claiming that his anti-authority "tone" in
one of his Guardian articles was "problematic." My article also provides
an update on his case and plea deal.

@_date: 2014-04-10 18:35:01
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Assange: Debian is Owned by the NSA 
Contrary to reports, Assange didn't say Debian is owned by the NSA, but
rather that it is easy to backdoor operating systems:

@_date: 2014-04-03 04:56:50
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group 
From the looks of this speech, the NSA must have blackmailed him.

@_date: 2014-04-08 19:54:04
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: How we get there Re: Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group 
The book Binding Chaos by Heather Marsh, who ran WikiLeaks Central from
2010 to 2012, describes a system for governance using the Internet as a
mass collaboration tool. Free, full text PDFs available from the landing
page: The book describes using stigmergy for work, rather than time-wasting
consensus or coercive hierarchy, approval economy instead of a financial
system, control by user groups rather than democracy, and more.

@_date: 2014-06-04 05:10:17
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: #PayPal14: Distributed Donations of Support 
Hi cypherpunks,
I am one of the original authors of the May 12 press release
 "No Place to Hide:  Glenn
Greenwald, and the PayPal Billionaire"
Greenbacks' billionaire backer Pierre Omidyar makes the PayPal 14 pay
$86,000 for Distributed Denial-of-Service attacks (DDOS), so we are
promoting Distributed Donations-of-Support (DDOS):
Without need of celebrities or go-betweens, you can donate directly to
the PayPal 14 at that page. If you can't chip in, please share that page
and ask people to go back to their roots by helping political
prisoners/hostages directly.
The first week the op raised $5,052.
The second week the op raised $2,298.
Tonight alone the op raised $180.
We had no SONY movie deal and didn't redact anything.
I am sure people who have difficulty unhitching their wagons from
celebrities and 'Thought Leaders' will say what a bad idea it is to
attack Redaction White Man who is telling multi-millionaire anchors
about the NSA to an audience who has already gotten the message the NSA
spies on every undefended gizmo. By the way, the US is not the world;
did you know Nigeria has 'NSA capability' from Israeli tech?
The op got two cool articles the first week:
And best of all, got brave people protesting Greenbacks' Boston tour
stop in person (pics!):
Op-ed expected later this week.

@_date: 2014-06-03 20:54:29
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Pirate Bay co-founder Peter Sunde arrested 
I am told--maybe incorrectly--that alleged Boston Bomber (but see
WhoWhatWhy's reporting) Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be in the Federal
Prison inmate locator, but isn't. So maybe the people behind the locator
are sometimes deceptive.

@_date: 2014-07-24 22:32:20
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: HOPEx report: My panel surveilled, phone hacked 
Hash: SHA1
Hi jahlove, not sure if you're the individual ( I just
spoke with on Twitter about this, but what seems to fit my
jouno/writer/activist use case, which is basically "I need a phone and
the ability to live-tweet with pics," would be Replicant on a Neo900
or earlier for the phone component plus Replicant on a
tablet-with-camera-and-Twitter of some sort.

@_date: 2014-07-24 19:12:25
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: HOPEx report: My panel surveilled, phone hacked 
Hash: SHA1
Oh, and here's the tweet for it. The article talks about my one-on-one
with Thomas Drake in the press room, and he retweeted this.

@_date: 2014-07-24 17:59:07
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: HOPEx report: My panel surveilled, phone hacked 
Hash: SHA1
Hi cypherpunks,
I was a panelist on HOPE X's ProjectPM panel, which discussed
crowdsourcing research into private surveillance contractors like
Palantir, HBGary, Stratfor...and it appears some of those (Stratfor?)
came to record our panel. There's also what happened to my phone. All
of this is written up in my HOPEx report, which y'all might find

@_date: 2014-09-29 14:08:48
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Radical-safest TLDs in 2007 
I have a historical question. In 2007, anywhere from January to
September, what TLDs were regarded as the most pirate-friendly or
journalism-friendly or safest from takedowns of whatever stripe, e.g.
the sort of DHS DMCA takedowns we have now, etc.?

@_date: 2014-09-23 03:50:39
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Where's a human-like randomizer? 
I've an odd question. Is there a program that will generate passwords
that imitate the badness with which humans armed with pen and paper only
would generate randomness? No, not a program that spits out "password"
over and over, that contemptible most frequently used password; I'm
imagining an English speaker of above average intelligence who has some
familiarity with best practices for coming up with passwords, but who's
no mathematical crypto wizard or anything.
Imagine a human who wants to generate an alphanumeric passphrase with
both upper- and lowercase, and he's in a jail cell with just pen and
paper. So he has a set of 62 characters to work with, and he tries to
write out a truly random password. But maybe he puts "M" in the password
too often for it to be truly random, because his name is Mario, so he
thinks about "M" unusually often; or maybe his writing surface is shaped
such that it incentivizes long downstrokes, so he pens the letter "l"
too often for true randomness.
Now, has anyone created a computer program to MIMIC what that human
would come up with? Is such a thing possible? Obviously I could simply
do it myself as a human being by, you know, qrMt8x3, but I want a
program that will create that for an x-long, say, 80,000 character-long,

@_date: 2014-10-01 22:54:26
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Radical-safest TLDs in 2007 
I am writing a short story. There is a scene set in 2007, roughly
October. Two characters disagree on what TLD to get to provide material
to others. One wants a .com to sell the stuff. The other wants the most
non-capitalist, pro-freedom TLD possible. The difference characterizes
the two individuals.
For credibility: I attended  Writers Workshop in 2008, which
is for writers of science fiction and fantasy. (To verify: The Workshop
follows me,  on Twitter, and I wrote a series of blog
posts about my six weeks there
 I'm including
more and more cyberpunk/cypherpunk elements in my fiction. Probably
because my life has been altered over the course of getting more into
FLOSS and writing journalism pieces as part of an investigative
partnership with WikiLeaks, as you can see here:

@_date: 2015-03-05 19:46:15
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Politics 
The establishment invariably co-opts. Stratfor's Duchin formula (free
Jeremy) is one corporations use to defeat grassroots activists. It is as
follows: bet on the opportunists, co-opt the realists, emotionally
manipulate the idealists into becoming realists, and as a result of all
this, the radicals are isolated and left without support.
So skip the establishment. I know this might be heretical to most of
y'all, but after all of the privacy omg shiny tech toys are said and
done, Bitcoin is just more money. We need to get rid of the financial
system. Read up on some, call it anarchism if you haven't. Try Ursula K.
Le Guin's The Dispossessed (fiction), Heather Marsh's Binding Chaos
(nonfiction), and plenty of other resources. You know how to search
engine, you can find those for free.
What I find hilarious is that there are people who accept that the JFK
assassination was a US domestic coup, that the dark arts of marketers'
psychological manipulation is near-infinite in power, etc., but still
think the authorities are too dumb to figure out how to stop the
citizenry from voting them out.
Thankfully, everyone's familiar with approval economy (I support you, so
I will pass the salt (share resources); you suck, so get out of my
house) which has an opportunity to go widespread in the West whenever
and wherever there's collapse of the official economy (as opposed to
human, drugs, and arms trafficking shadow economies) or natural disasters.
We don't need no Senator Assange or Falkvinge being a Thought Leader.
Turn that shit off and go make it a potluck/community garden everywhere.
BUT that won't build your brand, you won't get to sit on panels, etc.
The going rate for seriously working to end the financial system is
generally $0/hr. More fun to build independent public inquiries
tribunals (I'm working on documenting past examples: what went wrong?
what went right? how did they develop from idea to execution?) than to
try to lol vote. Democracy sucks: individuals can't represent groups and
vice versa. also lol vote.

@_date: 2015-04-09 20:24:34
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Voting machine hacks 
Thanks all, I was thinking this would be more a Libtech question than a
cpunks one ;-)
I confess, editor asked me to do the topic, but I'm taking it on the
basis that 1) more skepticism about voting the better, since voting
sucks; 2) democracy sucks, and basically my strategy is becoming to
write an article such that I can add to the tweets promoting it a link
to a blog post or some such with more radical material like this one
against democracy altogether:
But still! If you have something creative or useful to say about
e-voting hacks, scandals, etc., please do chime in before this thread
meets the dustbin of history.
There's the case of the Karl Rove IT guy, present for many e-voting
scandals, who died in the suspicious plane crash right before

@_date: 2015-04-08 22:21:59
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Voting machine hacks 
As U.S. election approaches...what are your least/favorite examples of
hacks of (esp. U.S.) computerized voting systems? You know, technical
ones, not propaganda and the idea of democractic voting itself.
BlackBoxVoting.org has an interesting collection of PDFs[1] of
technical material, including manuals, schematics, and troubleshooting,
for various voting system manufacturers, plus reports detailing
problems. (There are also the more straightforward non-technical issues,
like allowing people to actually watch the vote-counting.)
There's also the instance[2] of hackers putting Pac-Man on the Sequoia
AVC-Edge DRE voting machine without breaking any of the tamper-evident
Finally...in honor of all elections, to use a corporate term: blue-sky
thinking. If you were going after (esp. U.S.) computerized voting
systems, what would you do?
[1] [2]

@_date: 2015-05-02 09:40:27
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: How are the Baltimore riots going?/Any way we can help? 
Good links to walkthroughs on both these would be greatly appreciated.
I was at Freddie Gray et al./May Day protest tonight (Friday; see tweets
 There was one point, a
key intersection we were marching through halfway into the march, where
cell reception inexplicably dropped for a few minutes. There was also,
early on, someone in an Austin Police Department hat taking
pictures/video from the balcony of a firefighter's station, suggesting
that the cops were clued in, which would make sense given the organizing
happening on facebook etc., which of course sounds like horrors to
crypto snobs but in terms of mobilizing large populations is the only
current, repeatedly practiced answer and an effective, if dangerous, one.

@_date: 2015-05-05 21:40:51
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: phone opsec 
3. Stop organizing large numbers of people to do anything offline, it is
completely worthless, it is laughable that Mexicans are destroying
government buildings to resist the narcostate, what dorks, they use
phones, they and the journalists murdered there should be completely
ignored by Twitter accounts with millions of followers in favor of David
4. Cypherpunks using sekrit crypto should become Bitcoin billionaries
because once they have tons of money, they will be normal, average,
amicable billionaires like Pierre Omidyar and lead us to social justice
just like other oligarchs have throughout history, only this time it
will be even better since computers are cool

@_date: 2015-06-13 19:09:55
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Reporter-USG Exchanges on Snowden Docs 
Retweeted those; think Maurizi did great with all that.
But I want to throw something out there as a devil's advocate. I've
contacted appropriate US agencies for comment on some of my articles -
- and one gets the usual they deny versus we report. And arguably their
denials can be revealing of additional information.
But what about the no-platform idea coming out of, e.g., Anti-Racist
Action in the U.S.? Where you simply deny your enemies the microphone to
speak out of at all. Why give them a platform?
A simple example other than these IC/MIC articles, because it's on my
mind - I was at a  protest yesterday. Tweeted that
there was a local MSM TV affiliate news van driving in toward the police
department, on the grounds that they got past the barricade whereas
presumably "civilian" vehicles wouldn't, and so that's supposedly
interesting. But is it? Hasn't everyone got that memo already? Who gives
a damn about the MSM any longer? Every platform/discussion given to them
is a platform not given to something potentially more valuable. I don't
think one could argue that "well you could just tweet additional stuff;
it's not either-or" because we all know there is a "tweetcost" of
annoying your audience or, more importantly, distracting them with
pointless information, in this case, about the relationship between
police and MSM.
I suppose that relationship is still pretty important to comment on, and
it's tactical information for activists to know which MSM trucks are
there...maybe I'm just irritated at the seeming pointlessness of this
all, the fetish that sheer information accomplishes infinite wonders in
the absense of analysis and action.

@_date: 2015-09-03 01:28:32
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Article by me on B. Brown transcript 
Hi cypherpunks,
I obtained the transcript to journalist Barrett Brown's second and final
sentencing hearing and wrote an article on it. The lengthy article is
all about the right to link.
Here's the article:
Here's the transcript (PDF):

@_date: 2015-09-12 08:36:51
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Anyone familiar with SEO (Search Engine Optimization) techniques? I have a mystery. 
Perhaps the spam websites need to hide only text that is "real" in the
eyes of Google. And "Bell further alleged in his 2003" is "real" because
it is in a book. It could have been text out of any other book, but it
turned out to be you. Like winning the lottery, but in reverse. Perhaps
you could analyze strings of the other hidden text to see if they too
are from "real" sources.
I come up with this hypothesis because years back I used to write web
advertisements for an ambulance chaser law firm. They gave me the
original text, e.g., "If you or someone you care about has been injured
in an 18-wheeler accident in Atlanta, blah blah" and I had to write it
six hundred different ways, e.g. "If you or someone you love has been
hurt in a big rig crash in Atlanta, blah blah" Each version became its
own URL. The text of each had to be different, the law firm told me, or
Google would notice the similarities and penalize the websites for being
spam. It was a boring gig so I livened it up by writing in metric prose
- one sentence here in trochees, another sentence there in anapests, etc.
So "real" text is valuable.
That leads me to wonder, like a science fiction writer, how we could
take this to extremes. Which text is the most "real"? What might the
consequences be of variations in the degree of lorem ipsum texts' reality?

@_date: 2015-10-14 23:57:58
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: How to minimize one's damage in case the usa kicks the bucket? 
There are specific ops I could promote ( for example),
but I think maybe this question should be answered in a more general
way. And I think what we should often do is, help the victims of
whichever injustice attain the goals they're trying to reach. In other
words, let the victims choose and lead toward the objectives. So, to
take a current example, Doctors Without Borders, having had their Kunduz
hospital just bombed, wants an IHFFC investigation. How can we help with
that? And so on for other injustices. A caveat being that most people,
in the US anyway, can't think outside the box of capitalism, but trying
to reform capitalism isn't the answer.

@_date: 2015-10-02 19:09:14
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Snowden on the Twitters 
Some want to end the state, and others want to be statesmen. Lately
WikiLeaks has been retweeting a picture of Jimmy Carter (I suppose
because the addition of an image is supposed to be extra convincing)
with a quotation from the former president to the effect that he
didn't deplore Cablegate. It is annoying that US presidents are treated
as people whose praise should be sought, along the lines of
"If Jimmy Carter doesn't agree with it, it's not my revolution." I
keep hoping someone will make me artwork of a black bloc Jimmy Carter,
all decked out like a Zapatista and ready to rumble. Because US
presidents aren't amplified enough; we all need to give them even
bigger platforms (sarcasm). Radicals for Jimmy Carter! Radicals for
Pierre Omidyar! Radicals for...

@_date: 2015-10-11 23:41:22
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: How to minimize one's damage in case the usa kicks the bucket? 
Reviving this thread. Where's the altruism in "how to minimize one's
damage"? Why's the model here for resisting economic oppression a
survivalist hiding in an encrypted bunker, rather than the people of
Burkina Faso using sticks and rocks (not cryptography) to force
oligarchs out of their country? In Mexico they were recently burning
polling stations, but we were discussing hoarding Bitcoin to ensure our
self-interest? Where's the idealism in such selfishness?

@_date: 2015-11-01 20:02:08
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: information imbalance - The Rise of Plitical Doxing [ bonus points for contrast with AP! :] 
My article at Revolution News analyzing the transcript to his second
and final sentencing hearing, answers this question in detail.

@_date: 2015-11-12 16:29:37
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: 2 WikiLeaks questions 
1. It's not my theory, but what do you make of the theory that WikiLeaks
would go under if it were not of the steady stream of celebrity
endorsements (Lady Gaga, Pamela Anderson, many more)? Is hugely
emphasized "soft power" a necessary component for a cabal out to change
the world? Or could, say, a cabal demonstrate more independence and
still be supported by enough people who do not need their hands held to
the conclusion by Lady Gaga?
2. How could/should an organization with more than two million followers
tweet in order to improve the world? Could it give the public specific,
actionable instructions for overthrowing governments and corporations?
They might have to be less specific, so as not to qualify as threats
that would get the account closed. But the account could massively
amplify the instructions to the public given by victims such as Doctors
Without Borders. Or it could organize boycotts of private spy firms such
as Stratfor. What do you think? People who care about branding might
argue that such tweets wouldn't fit WikiLeaks' brand, but things can be
easily framed as freedom of the press/speech or crytography--e.g.,
something like Israel's attacks on Gaza: you can't publish accounts of
injuctice with Tor when bombed to death.

@_date: 2016-02-24 02:35:48
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Questions for Matt DeHart case? 
So here's my article on DeHart's sentencing yesterday:
Thanks everyone, especially Bethany, for the input on this and/or
Hacking Team.

@_date: 2016-02-22 00:28:22
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Questions for Matt DeHart case? 
What were the grounds for rejection? Is the rejection document publicly available? (e.g. on MuckRock/) Thanks!

@_date: 2016-02-20 08:40:11
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Questions for Matt DeHart case? 
I will be covering Courage beneficiary Matt DeHart's sentencing Monday
in Nashville for  ( on Twitter).
Can anyone suggest questions for his defense team, for his parents
(assuming they're not too distraught), for the prosecutors (who will say
no comment)? I would be asking these immediately after the sentencing.
Here's info on his case:

@_date: 2016-02-21 08:40:35
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Hacking Team child porn code 
on Twitter says -
 - that
Hacking Team sells child porn evidence fabrication tools, and cites this
code -
- in support of the claim.
Can someone more programming-proficient than I look at the code and tell
me 1) what it does overall, and 2) what the highlighted line - which
mentions "childporn.avi" and "pedoporno.mpg" - does in particular?
Here's some background:
From the Ars Technica article:
According to one spreadsheet first reported by Wired, the FBI paid
Hacking Team more than $773,226.64 since 2011 for services related to
the Hacking Team product known as "Remote Control Service," which is
also marketed under the name "Galileo." One spreadsheet column listed
simply as "Exploit" is marked "yes" for a sale in 2012, an indication
Hacking Group may have bundled some sort of attack code that remotely
hijacked targets' computers or phones. Previously, the FBI has been
known to have wielded a Firefox exploit to decloak child pornography
suspects using Tor.
Security researchers have also scoured leaked Hacking Team source code
for suspicious behavior. Among the findings, the embedding of references
to child porn in code related to the Galileo.

@_date: 2016-08-05 23:38:12
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Anarchist Bibliography, please? (was Re: Deconstructing an Institutional Slander...) 
Hi Cecilia,
The author says it's not [left-wing] anarchism, but rather
self-governance, yet to some people the two are similar or similar
enough for me to post this in response to your query... Heather Marsh's
book Binding Chaos: Systems of Mass Collaboration, free in full, PDF:
other formats: Also, another author, Ursula K. Le Guin, is kinda frustrated with this
1974 novel of hers being picked up by left-wing anarchists, but I'd
highly recommend reading The Dispossessed, available in full for
(pirated) free at The Anarchist Library:
 for a picture of what it might
be like in practice.
Have fun and overthrow governments and corporations,

@_date: 2017-11-04 19:14:04
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: My new article, What Is Anonymous Up To? 
Forgot to mention, the two initiatives are Barrett Brown's The Pursuance
Project and Heather Marsh's Getgee

@_date: 2017-11-04 19:13:02
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: My new article, What Is Anonymous Up To? 
Hi cypherpunks,
Today, Buffalo's alt-weekly, The Public, published my new article, "What
Is Anonymous Up To?" The piece, occasioned by the annual Million
Mask March happening tomorrow, focuses on two projects Anonymous allies
have founded, attempts to upgrade communication and activism. My article
also links/mentions Trump's connection to Russia's regime and child
traffickers (OpDeathEaters), excerpts the Communist Manifesto and
Binding Chaos, and much more. It's under 2000 words.

@_date: 2017-12-08 07:12:14
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: What is consensus? 
Hi Edward,
Consensus is agreement by means of votes. It's a hierarchy where those
who win the vote impose on those who lose the vote (although sometimes
the dissenters just exit altogether).
One no-voting method of collaboration is stigmergy:
See also:

@_date: 2017-12-15 08:55:36
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Why Cryonics Makes Sense 
Rudy Rucker on cryonics:
Well, I’ve been friends with the cryonicist Charles Platt for about
twenty years so I’ve grown a little jaded about this. So I’ll go ahead
and give you a somewhat obnoxious answer along the lines of what I might
say to Charles. I’d much rather rot in the ground. What’s the big
problem with dying anyway? I mean, what’s so frigging special about my
one particular mind? I don’t want to be God, I want to be a human with
my spark of God Consciousness. Think of a field of daisies: they bloom,
they wither, and in the spring they grow again. Who wants to see the
same stupid daisy year after year, especially with a bunch of crappy
iron-lung-type equipment bolted to it? In my unhumble opinion, you can
never really reach any serenity till you fully accept the fundamental
fact of your mortality. It’s the great Koan that life hands you: Hi,
here you are, isn’t this great, you’re going to die. Deal with it. This
said, can cryonics work? I think dry nanotechnology is probably a
dead-end. As I argue in Saucer Wisdom, wet nanotechnology, a.k.a.
biotech, is where it’s going to be at. In other words, if you want a new
body five hundred years from now, the way to get one will be to have
someone grow one from a clone based on a copy of your DNA, not by trying
to retrofit your kilos of frozen meat. The hard part, of course, is
replicating your mind — and remember that you have somatic knowledge in
your body as well as just in your brain. I have a feeling that copying a
mind from one host to the next will require a totally new breakthrough,
perhaps along the lines of Quantum Tantra. One final jab at cryonics. We
already have too many people, so why would any future society every put
any significant energy into bringing back the dead? How much energy will
the citizens of Year 3000 care to put into producing a brand new Ted
Wiilliams? You can rant all you like about contracts and trust funds you
set up, but God know it’s a simple thing for crooks to screw a dead
person out of his or her supposedly inviolate trust fund. Enron took
down California for billions last spring, even with a seemingly living
chief of state.

@_date: 2018-02-26 08:40:58
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: AI threats 
One AI topic I wonder about is, how might it be applied for profit and
social control in domestic situations. Imagine an Amazon Echo-like
device in the home, surveilling family/roommate members' interactions
and arguments, and reacting with evaluations and advice about what the
family/roommate members should do differently -- including which
purchases to make -- based on whichever therapy paradigm was being
imposed, whatever values were assumed to be true. What things might go
really well in this situation? What things might go disastrously wrong?
For example, could the device be at all sensitive to subtext, to power
dynamics (who controls the definition of each situation?), or would it
just have a very surface level take, like hey, this one family/roommate
member's anger exceeded the permissible limit, that person now needs to
apologize and swallow a pharmaceutical. I also wonder what kind of key
words/phrases to plug into search engines to find out more about this
possible scenario, and what kind of sources I should be looking at --
trade journals? Are any industries, like the psychology/medical
industry, developing AI along these lines? The closest I've found so far
is the concept/field of "affective computing":
 If anyone has thoughts
or suggestions, please share, thanks!

@_date: 2018-03-07 05:34:16
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Seeking mirror of Stratfor defacement 
A while back and maybe still, zone h was considered a believable source
for storing images/copies of defacements. It seems zone h has not had
any new posts, at least not on the main sections, in four years. This
URL -  - no longer shows (at
least to two browsers of mine) how Anonymous defaced Stratfor's website
on 24 Dec 2011. Apologies for the lazy web, but can anyone point me to a
resource/URL that does show it in full?

@_date: 2018-04-24 21:11:39
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Juggalos Joining Libertarians, Mental Sovereignty vs Programming,  Burning Miracles 
My understanding is that like all gall, Social Security payments are
divided into three parts: SSI, SSDI, and retirement benefits. Sometimes
people think of SSDI as retirement benefits for those forced, pressured,
or opting to retire early by disability qualification/identification,
and SSI is available to many more but the payments are low, not enough
to live on autonomously without participation in covert economies or
gray market economies.
As many probably know, under US taxes freelancers today pay into
retirement benefits, which are only available to recoup if you've served
the overt economy enough for 40 "work credits". These same 40 come up if
a freelancer asks for a social security statement for purposes of, e.g.,
estimating SSDI payments. Some individuals qualified as disabled get
both SSDI and SSI, some only get one or the other. Today.
I don't know exactly what this was like in Rand's day, nor how she got
paid royalties or advances for Fountainhead, the Gary Cooper movie based
on it, etc. Seems like she liked money enough to live in NYC for much of
her life. But, Rand's husband wanted to paint and drank himself to
death, is the prevailing story out of the Nathaniel Branden Institute
faction etc. So there's that. I assume the Ayn Rand Institute guards
Rand's business contracts etc. That funny story about Peikoff trying to
get back the Fountainhead manuscript pages he donated to the gubment
because of his choice of words, "stealing" some of the pages etc.
This is difficult for me to parse, sounds like misogyny, except I assume
there's some sarcasm/irony embedded that may make sense to you if not
For "never worked a day in their lives", define work. Is straightening
up one's home and volunteering for Food Not Bombs 'work' according to Razer?

@_date: 2018-04-20 08:13:51
@_author: "Douglas Lucas" 
@_subject: Crypto scheme idea 
Hello cryptocurrency hoarders, aspiring cryptocurrency hoarders, and others,
In English the system for accenting English words is binary. If one were
to say aloud, "crypto", each syllable is either stressed or unstressed,
yes no, on off, CRYPT-o. 1, 0.
Similarly, Morse code is binary. Dash or dot. CRYPTO in Morse code is:
-.-. .-. -.-- .--. - --- or, assuming arbitrarily that dash is 1: 1 0 1 0
0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 1.
This, I don't know the fancypants word, homomorphism, across the two
systems -- that both are suspectible to binary rendition -- means that in
theory one could say X and non X simultaneously with one string.
I guess the most obvious difficult is that the Morse stuff takes up way
many more characters than the verbal scansion. For example, cat (as in
feline, not concatenate) is just a single syllable stressed. So it's a
single character: 1.But in Morse code, "cat" is -.-. .- - which takes 7
characters not counting spaces.
One thing I like about this system is that the attacker Chuck could know
exactly what the algorithm is and neveretheless fail to decrypt it becasue
the whole system is so ridiculous that only an Alice and Bob with a lot of
time on their hands and/or eccentricity would be able to actually bother
to encipher and decrpt these kind of strings.
Is there a way to make this work without using Morse (becasue too many
characters) but while keeping the defense of eccentricity, i.e., the
time/weird investment required in order to encipher and decrypt?

@_date: 2018-04-23 05:21:43
@_author: "Douglas Lucas" 
@_subject: Re: Juggalos Joining Libertarians, Mental Sovereignty vs  Programming,  Burning Miracles 
I hate Ayn Rand but this frequently cited fact -- that she took social
security payments -- is often cited to allegedly prove her hypocrisy. But
her argument was, the government stole from her, so she was justified in
recouping some of the stolen money by filling out the paperwork etc. Her
logic makes sense to me given her ideas so I don't think it was
hypocritical, even if wrong.
Also more broadly, should outgroups steal from one another?  The best
argument I see in favor is they are dangerous outgroups, so harm them to
protect you and yours. The best argument I see against is the more one
interacts with someone (even to inflict damage), the more one (if one is
goodhearted? prosocial?) starts to empathize with that individual and
wants to help them recondition rather than continue to harm. Thoughts?
To tie it into cypherpunks just use as examples warring factions/tribes in
the hacktivism/transparency landscape.

@_date: 2018-05-20 22:02:52
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: firefox is spyware 
Well, speaking of Mozilla, Thunderbird has reached the point where I
really want a new email client program...perhaps Mozilla being ad-funded
is a big part of the problem? In thunderbird I get these glitches where
graphics show up meaninglessly on my screen, perhaps derived from HTML
emails or something.
Anyways, what's a good email program that can search emails very well,
sort them into various folders by rules, and has some Enigmail type
integration for GPG? Something that would work in the Debian world and
maybe Arch Linux as well? And that would let me use my locally stored
cache of like 5+ years of emails?
One of the problems I'm having with Thunderbird is something Cory
Doctorow noted years back, when you have over half a decade of emails
Thunderbird starts having problems showing them to you accurately when
you're searching. You can't read the contents of old emails sometimes,
in other words.
Program recommendations?

@_date: 2018-06-02 05:30:32
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: New article by me: Oxford Union censorship 
Thanks Steve! I always worry the important content will be overlooked or
spectacled away! Great to know there are people out there who can still

@_date: 2018-06-01 10:33:27
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: New article by me: Oxford Union censorship 
New article by me published today (well, yesterday) in Buffalo NY's
altweekly The Public, titled Irony: Oxford Union won't release video of
whistleblowing panel. Basically the Oxford Union censored the footage of
the panel, which featured among others GetGee programmer Heather Marsh,
at the demand of "former" CIA operative David Shedd. My article embeds
and links to the audio/transcript of the censored content.
Many of y'all probably way too cool for Twitter but if anyone wants to
help make  and  a thing, it would nifty.

@_date: 2018-08-07 02:26:38
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: AP deconstructed: Why it has not happened yet, and will not 
Would not the public also need to be shown evidence that there exists an
alternate system they can switch to which is better? Commoners I know
backpedal slowly when anyone unusual mentions overthrowing GovCorp. They
quickly realize it would interfere with their scheduled playdates with
their television sets. They are not friends of anyone who is highly
different. I think the millions of masses will only go along with
replacing the government when there exists an alternative that is
already providing benefits they can receive. Otherwise, inertia.

@_date: 2018-08-24 18:12:28
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: My new piece from courthouse: Reality Winner's sentencing 
Hi cypherpunks,
Yesterday I attended NSA whistleblower Reality Winner's sentencing and
wrote a detailed, descriptive article about what took place for
Buffalo's print and online news outlet The Public. I put a little more
focus on the document than usual - you might have noticed today Trump
tweeting[1] trying to downplay the significance of her case...As the
prosecution themselves admitted, Winner was incarcerated to the longest
prison term ever for a federal defendant leaking to the media.
Here's my article:
[1]

@_date: 2018-11-26 01:52:19
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: HuffPost: Julian Assange Faces Federal Charges. But Let's Not Forget What We've Learned From Wik 
He could have published it all at once, or filtered out stories
carefully with collaborating media outlets. Either of those approaches
would have been educational. Instead, he published them so as to
"maximize impact" -- but that impact, which included holding back stuff
to publish for the weekend before the election (when nobody would have
time to audit the material), and to defend Trump after the Access
Hollywood release -- was not an educational one. I've never met a single
person who has actually read, say, Killary's speech to Wall St. or
teased out any connections between DNC donors and anyone else. The
maximized, uneducational impact was just to get commoners revved up and
screaming, like Trump, "I Love WikiLeaks" in a "git your gubment hands
off my Medicare" way.
Look at the header here -  - the goal of Team
WikiLeaks is to maximize instances of Assange's face.
This is what cryptobros WikiLeaks has become:
10 PRINT "ASSANGE"
20 GOTO 10
With something like 10-20 years remaining to halt global warming, Team
WikiLeaks will be happy to run the above program until the day we all
die. They could have done so much by sharing their ample platform with
worthy causes, but that would have caused "brand confusion" and god
forbid somebody be confused. That's far too much like education.

@_date: 2019-01-08 05:22:21
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Question about plea deals 
Lawyers tell me that most/all plea deals have a boilerplate paragraph
stating that what isn't written in the plea deal doesn't count.
For example in alleged WikiLeaks courier Matt DeHart's plea deal --
 -- on PDF page 13
there's this text: "29. No promises, agreements, or conditions have been
entered into other than those set forth in this Plea Agreement, and none
will be entered into unless memorialized in writing and signed by all of
the parties listed below."
Does anyone know what the generic term/name is for that kind of
paragraph in a contract (preferably, in a plea deal specifically)?
I ask the lawyers and they say there is such a generic term and they
just can't remember.

@_date: 2019-05-17 20:52:01
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: OFFTOPIC: physics question 
Hey cypherpunks / nerdcoin hoarders,
Tangent, but there's a somewhat similar question in philosophy of mind.
People sometimes imagine human consciousness to be a kind of
"theater"[1]: all the sensory input is arriving from behind the curtain
(optic nerves etc. transmitting inbound info), then that traveling
sensory input crosses some sort of finish line, and then is presented,
entirely bundled up together (audio, video, etc.), on some some of inner
theater, to some inner self, who then makes a rational decision about
the display on the theater, and consequently sends output ("strike
keyboard with finger") to the body, etc., until new sensory input
arrives on the internal movie screen, triggering more decisions from the
inner self/captain of the ship/homonculus...
An interesting complication to the above is, like the different colors
of light going through the prism at minutely different speeds, thereby
introducing confusing complexity to a model generally taken as
straightforward, well, the sensory input traveling through the body, the
brain neurons, etc., do not always perform properly, do not all operate
at the same speed, etc. So there's lag among these different inbound,
command, and outbound signals, and perhaps the theater is dishonestly
representing the various confusing input as straightforwardly bound
together. Maybe one optic nerve is slightly longer than the other due to
some congenital reason. So on and so forth.
I'm not sure what the implications of the above would be for, e.g.,
neuro-surgeons performing operations, athletes trying to master their
mind-bodies, Libet and free will[2], etc. Sometimes I think the above is
just well-off people with copious spare time flapping their jaws --
elementary school lunch table shit ("How do I know you see green when I
see green?") just with bigger words and longer sentences, while everyone
else suffers, does the jaw-flappers' unpaid domestic labor, disappears
into ICE prisons, etc., their views and insights on the above never
recorded to history.
[1]

@_date: 2019-06-04 23:05:59
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Is it possible to place Assange's face everywhere? 
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
 name="face.png"

@_date: 2019-07-21 23:31:36
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Burner phone for international call from US 
Oh, and another thing people have suggested is to simply use my own
LineageOS smartphone, hand it to my comrade, after somehow disguising
the phone number by calling the carrier and requesting this and that option.
The problem with this is there's no easy way to test that my phone
number would be successfully hidden during the international phone call.
And although many people will scream their certainties about that, I
prefer to actually test, and there's no easy way to test as I have no
test phone call receipient in the abroad country in question.
(What prevents people who have no knowledge of X to scream what they
insist is the truth about X? Nothing.)

@_date: 2019-07-21 23:26:44
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Burner phone for international call from US 
Dear cryptocurrency hoarders, aspiring cryptocurrency hoarders, and
those discarded by -- or barely hanging on in -- a global (anti)society
dedicated to assigning high status to those most adept at hoarding
commodities, while exterminating those odd enough to, like, help others:
In Seattle where I reside, I'd like to purchase a burner phone for less
than $100 USD, though upper limit price is negotiable. Preferably
purchase offline with cash.
This phone will be used by a comrade, whom I will coach, to place an
international call to a Western country, and a few calls within the
United States.
I do not want the recipients of the calls to associate them with me, my
name, my voice, my phone number, etc. The recipients of the calls are
low-level staffpeople at small/medium-sized enterprises and/or
educational institutions.
I do not care what super-duper state-level, corporate-level adversaries
know about me and my comrade and the calls. So although juking the NSA
and doing James Bond backflips is key to cryptofarters' masturbatory
fantasies, please hew to the standard spiels about threat models, etc.
Just trying to trick, er undercover interview, some low level
staffpeople at small/medium firms and educational institutions. Not God.
A key point is, it would be good if I could install onto the device one
of those obscure Russian or otherwise seedy apps that record all the
phone calls, so I may transcribe the phone calls later. If that's not an
option, then the device needs a loud speakerphone so I can point a small
digital audio recorder at it and record the calls for later transcription.
The purpose is journalistic research which, sorry not sorry Russophile
Zennadsfnsdjg Harkargfdsjkghsdkjg, I will not describe, even though last
time I asked something research-y you tried to pry the purpose out of
me, probably so you could use it a springboard to scream pro-Putin crap.
Some folks in Seattle suggested I obtain, from another person, one of
the government-funded smartphones that are sometimes handed out by
social services here. I've used these devices before, so many millions
of adverts clog the screens, they're a nightmare. Also they would betray
the area code, which probably isn't a problem but it would be ideal to
have at least a non-Seattle area code, maybe an area code in some other
Washington state area? Also I'm not sure if they can make international
calls, being government funded. Does anyone know? Also I'm not sure it's
possible to install one of the seedy call-recording apps on one of these
gov devices.
I'll be out of state in a few days, travelling in the US Pacific
Northwest for a few days, so if there's a model y'all would suggest I
buy at an out-of-state 7-Eleven or something, please let me know.
If you don't know, maybe you could suggest a subreddit where it would be
more helpful to ask, or an up-to-date guide or FAQ about this sort of thing.
Thanks! May all your cryptocurrency fantasies come true --
 -- may instead of gazing
at Assange's face endlessly, we instead do things that are pro social.

@_date: 2019-09-12 04:43:30
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: OOPSIE! ICE Fails To Properly Redact Document, Reveals Location Of Future 'Urban Warfare' Traini 
Redaction errors from .gov are surprisingly common.
The court reporter at Barrett Brown's first (of two) sentencing hearing
provided a transcript of that proceeding. The PDF included black
redaction squares censoring her transcribed text of two bench
conference.s All I had to do to liberate that text from redaction was
use the PDF program Okular: I clicked "Selection", highlighted the
redacted text, picked "Copy to clipboard", and pasted the clipboard
contents into a text editor.
Info here if anyone's curious -
 -
my article mentioned and linked is now no longer up at Revolution News,
but it is on Wayback Machine.

@_date: 2019-10-12 23:26:38
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: acceptable coinage/ currency/ money 
Soo much complete bullshit from Zenaan as usual. See below for those
others interested in knowledge.
Off the top of my head:
People have been around for hundreds of thousands of years and have
lived in all sorts of different civilizations and social structures. The
world is of much bigger scope than Zenaan permits; humans have much more
range than benzo addict Jordan Peterson yelling about lobsters and
hoping to hoard even more commodities/bananas.
Indus Valley Civilization lacked military/security forces, very little
wealth disparity, very little hierarchy, no priests, very peaceful.
We have recently learned from benzo addict Jordan Peterson that he is an
Here, think of this. Trade versus sharing. Obviously, especially older
generations, will automatically hear "sharing" and think "Soviet Union"
or "communism" but there are other real-life models for actual sharing.
Imagine you are on a road trip with three friends. Four individuals in
the vehicle. You all have a single bag of 100 kale chips.
Communism is when one of these four becomes a dictator and says "each
person gets exactly 25 kale chips because we're all [supposedly] equal,
(though perhaps a few extra kale chips for me)" and anyone who disagrees
is killed, etc. USian anarchists insisting on rebranding history to fuel
their attempts at celebrity cstatus all this "State communism" because
then they can agree with their constitutencies of rank-and-file idiots
that "communism is a good thing", but most people know better about the
failures of communism, etc.
Trade (such as capitalism, yes not just crony capitalism, jim bell), is
when you gesture to your ingroup friend in the car that you'd like to
have some kale chips too and he says "$5 or GTFO." Suddenly you are an
outgroup on this roadtrip. You don't belong anymore; you've been
shunned. You have to provide dolla dolla bill up front to your former
friends because you can no longer sit with them etc.
Trade is when you go to the deli and say "Fuck you, I paid the five
dollars, give me my goddamn reuben" and you get your sandwich without
having to ponder, associate with, or help the dead factory farm animals,
the workers cleaning the deli, the homeless person who hangs out in the
deli, etc. It's just fuck you I paid give me my sandwich. Trade =
outgrouping; sharing = ingrouping.
Forget the communism crap, I had to clarify since "sharing"
automatically triggers "communism" in people's impressionable brains,
you know this world where we all go around murmuring "invisible hand" or
"proletariat" because dead guys wrote those words down hundreds of years
ago. So just normal sharing. Like little kids usually do. Sharing is
what ingroups do. It's fluid custodianship of assets.
In this roadtrip case, the assets are the 100 kale chips to be
distributed/allocated during the course of the road trip. The road
trippers share the kale chips according to respect, approval, logic,
etc, because they are in-group folks. Maybe the driver needs a few extra
because the driver is tired from focusing on the road. Maybe the one
passenger with high blood pressure needs to not have so many salty
chips, so the other 3 subtly and semi-automatically look out for this
person, making sure this person doesn't have too many kale chips. This
is all sort of natural and automatic and the situation is dynamically
refreshed constantly. Maybe the car breaks down so everyone becomes more
careful to save the kale chips. This sort of sharing is what ingroups
do, not just road trips but also families, officeworkers in an office
setting familiar to them, etc. We're all familiar with this. Imagine you
are working in a computer firm office and suddenly one secretary demands
the other secretary fork over $2 for the good pencil with the eraser
left on it. No, obviously, these employees see each other as ingroup so
they share the good pencil on an as-needed basis and refresh the
situation according to life's contingencies. Maybe someone gets shunned
or the dynamically refreshed situation changes, everyone decides to burn
down their employer, leak all the documents, strike, or whatever.
Trade is what outgroups do. I don't trust you, so I'm not gonna do X for
you unless you do Y for me. And those most skilled at trading rise to
the top of this, as lobster fanatic and benzo addict Jordan Peterson
screams, but did you know for hundreds of thousands of years not all of
life is based on trade? Over time in ideal circumstances trade might
lead to the traders becoming ingroup with each other, ending the trade,
and starting up sharing / fluid custodianship of assets. But in today's
world the deli never changes because of overwhelming social control
exerted by corporations, states, etc. You have to trade for the reuben,
even though the deli worker behind the counter has come to know you from
your regular stops and y'all share good tidings with each other,
friendly comments on the rainy weather, etc. The sharing prosocial world
and the trade antisocial world exist side by side every time you stop at
the deli counter, two vibes or spheres uncomfortably overlapping.
Trade means non-traders, such as very disabled individuals or infants or
elderly, are forced to rely on shameful charity rather than being
treated as integral parts of the ingroup. Today in the capitalist ideal,
everyone is their own 'sole proprietor' of an outgroup of everyone else,
7.5 billion outgroups all competing, except for say families, or when
people start forming ingroups, as they do in so many situations. You can
tell trade is stupid for ingroups because it doesn't include
automatically infants and elderly etc. Able-bodied white people with no
kids please! Yeah, let's base all the rules on 30 year olds and just
kick infants and elderly to the curb with shameful charity. Makes a lot
of fucking sense as a lifelong, generations-long strategy /sarcasm.
"Where there's justice, there's no need for charity." -- Wollstonecraft
We need a global commons for public data so we can organize effectively
to knowledgeably replace the social structures, not just cheering on
corporate Twitter etc when the current ones continue to collapse (and
then when our number's up screaming that we deserve more cryptocoin to
float our own particular outgroup boat), and so there can be a literate
population that can maintain individual autonomy (which means so much
more than trade but also cooking skill, traveling skill, etc etc)
through individual rights but also be informed in agreeing to social
contracts etc because we're simultaneously very social creatures.
Stuff you should read for more similar or similar-ish to the above:
Peter Gelderloos: _Worshiping Power: An Anarchist View of Early State
Heather Marsh: _Autonomy, Diversity, Society_ and _Binding Chaos_ and
Ursula K Le Guin: "The Carrier Bag Theory of Fiction", _The Dispossessed_

@_date: 2019-11-02 03:56:37
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Harper's Magazine Fact-Checking For the article you say you intend to shortly publish about "ass 
Hey Jim (and cypherpunks list),
Could you list, for each of your federal cases, the names of the judges
and the approximate dates (months and years) those judges oversaw those
cases? Also for each, which jurisdiction?
I ask because the Free Law Project has been obtaining records of
financial disclosures of federal judges, i.e. potential evidence of
conflicts of interests, lack of proper recusals, etc
Free Law Project so far mostly just has data for all federal judges for
certain recent years, but maybe some of the judges in your cases have
remained on their benches.
I've been meaning to research this financial disclosure data for the
judges in the cases I've covered in person, Reality Winner, Barrett
Brown, Matt DeHart, Jeremy Hammond, etc. If you Jim provide me the quick
list request in my first paragraph above, I'll add it to my project
to-do, along with the other defendants.

@_date: 2019-11-24 03:08:36
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: The Cypherpunk's 1995 Archive has been forged, and what are we going to do about it? (was:Re: Co 
Among the exceptions likely to be cited would be privacy, national
security, ongoing litigation, etc.

@_date: 2019-11-24 03:06:19
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: The Cypherpunk's 1995 Archive has been forged, and what are we going to do about it? (was:Re: Co 
Via MuckRock I've filed nearly 100 requests:
Several of my requests have returned documents, and a few have formed
the basis of articles by me, e.g this one regarding our gentlehearted
friends at Stratfor --

@_date: 2020-01-14 18:50:43
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: My blog post re: letters supporting Reality Winner's clemency petition 
Hi cypherpunks,
Last month or so I mentioned doing some FOIAs, including ones related to
this email list, but I haven't done them yet. Apologies. Trying to do
them this month.
I want to mention a fancy blog post I wrote yesterday for letters
supporting Russiagate whistleblower Reality Winner's clemency petition.
Similar to Chelsea Manning receiving clemency, if Reality Winner's
petition were granted, she'd win early release from behind bars. Since
there's a long line of clemency petitions, it's unclear which
president('s staff) would decide her petition and when. Anyway, my post
reviews her leak, her case, and more, including some of the garbage FMC
Carswell has been throwing at CNN, me, and other journalists who have
been trying to interview her in person behind bars. Plus my post
includes my letter supporting her clemency petition and links to
instructions for how to either quickly sign online a pre-provided letter
or email in your own custom letter.
The post:
Tweet by me re same:
Thanks all,

@_date: 2020-01-15 00:04:00
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Human Rights misnomers - Marxist communists - agreements/ contracts 
Hey cypherpunks,
See below.
To borrow some lines from Fabiana Cecin, Everything already is free.
Paid for by a star.
You can try to block all that and divvy it up into privatized parcels
with biz deals and right-wing verbiage, but reality doesn't care. Mortal
bodies die eventually, experience itself is a gift, sharing is what we
do with those we love. Love should extend everywhere, even past your
fiefdom of Trump-esque mine Ayn mine. If you're worried about The Bad
People doing The Bad Things to your hoards of magic cryptocoin
abstractions, mebbe interact in different ways such that The Bad People
and The Bad Things fade away into nothingness, rather than fantasizing
about building bigger and bigger walls around your seasteading island
where all by your lonesome (and purchased caregivers) you count your
coin until it's finally time to go into your scam cryonics chamber.
Or just keep being Kruge, I guess, from Star Trek III: The Search for Spock.
KIRK: If we don't help each other, we'll die here!
KRUGE: Perfect!

@_date: 2020-01-29 01:00:24
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Opinion: Are universities morphing into Orwellian states? 
"The Micro Surveillance and Micromanagement of the New College Student"
by Gerry Bello

@_date: 2020-03-23 19:27:22
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Recommend hackable tablet? 
Regarding external keyboard, ideally something wired, not wireless/radio
such as bluetooth. Thanks!

@_date: 2020-03-23 02:26:13
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Recommend hackable tablet? 
Hey cypherpunks,
I have never really used a tablet before. When I say "tablet" I, like
many, picture in my head an iPad.
I would like to order a tablet or two online. My six criteria are:
1) Hackable. So that I could put some generic Linux thing on it, the way
an everyday smart user, who is not employed by the Free Software
Foundation, puts Ubuntu on their laptop or Cyanogenmod/LineageOS on
their smartphone. Without spending my life trying to get it to work, but
some struggle is okay, around the struggle required to get
Cyanogenmod/LineageOS working on a typical USian smartphone, etc
2) Durable/rugged.
3) Fairly convenient. Maybe a few more ports than usual, a few more
options than usual, maybe some extra power sources or something like
4) Certified refurb would be nice
5) Price range around idk $250-$300 or something per tablet. Amazon.com
says "New Apple iPad (10.2-Inch, Wi-Fi, 32GB) - Space Gray (Latest
Model)" costs around $280:
But of course surge pricing and out-of-stock is happening everywhere
because it's corona time. So maybe something in stock would be great,
older or whatever
6) External keyboard accessory would be nice and perhaps mandatory, link
to this also p|0x?
Planned use:
1) Hook it up to SDR to scan the local security forces -- cops, fire,
etc -- leave it set up in home that way doing that
2) Backup / travel / bug out bag
If more than one, perhaps identical/similar in different colors for ease
of telling them apart quickly or sharing them with other human beings
If anyone can offer some recommendations, I will say something mean
about a so-called Great Man aspirant soon on my twitter feed
Thanks <3

@_date: 2020-04-23 02:00:04
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Video chat software / options 
Does anyone have experience with, or thoughts on, Kast and TwoSeven? For
use cases of either a one to one video chat, small group video chat, or
large group video chat. Are these mostly for just drunk people with
masks on partying or could they be repurposed for more formal situations
like a virtual panel with audience attendees etc?

@_date: 2020-04-23 01:57:12
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Video chat software / options 
Hi cypherpunks,
For reference, some things I discovered researching this today for
several hours, this is more for an enduser perspective than either a
genuine expert perspective or the perspective of a Boomer incel fantasy
about being James Bond / Tony Stark while doing backflips and
fantasizing about going gay for Juliassar al-Assadnge or whatever.
*   Signal: won't work for video chat of more than two people, because
according to various mainstream sources accessed 22 April 2020, Signal
video chat is only 1 to 1
*   Wire: won't work for video chat of more than 4 people, because
according to official website accessed 22 April 2020, video conferencing
is available for up to only 4 participants, and audio conferencing is
available for up to only 10 participants.
*   Jitsi (i.e. Jitsi Meet): won't work for video chat for 10-20+
people, because according to an April 2020 Association for Computing
Machinery report, "does not scale well and can be unreliable" and "in
the default configuration, video is not mixed; instead every participant
gets all the audio and video streams. This may not scale well." Further,
see what Greg Newby said previously on this email list.
*   TwoSeven: I have no experience with  but it may
be of some relevance. It's a website and Chrome extension that has a
free version and pay versions/packages between $3 and $20 a month. It
allows chat, video, and audio, and is geared toward helping people
remote from one another watch simultaneously the following depending on
version/package: youtube, netflix, amazon, HBO, vimeo, and video files
users upload.
*   Kast: I have no experience with Kast, but it may be of some
relevance. It's either  or  (not sure
which), formerly  is a free or premium ($5/mo)
application for browser, mobile, or desktop that allows audio-video chat
and text chat during watch parties for youtube clips, users playing
computer games, etc.
*    Kast and TwoSeven have a lot of competitors. See for example, 16
Sites Like Rabb.it -  -
but from this tech guide for sex workers -
 -
it seems Kast and TwoSeven are the frontrunners in their respective
areas. Kast reminds me a bit of  which was the big
solution for online video parties around Occupy/Anon/leak platform days
and is still running. Haha, some people have nothing else, can't move
on, and think it is still 2010, but thankfully for the rest of us life
continues and is amazing!
*	For one-to-one encrypted video chat, choices are Signal, Wire, or
Jitsi. Signal has an annoying social graphing problem that is
particularly problematic for vulnerable or marginalized individuals,
where installing Signal suddenly alerts your contacts that you have
Signal, see
Wire is based in Switzerland, Berlin, and EU. Jitsi comes from, as far
as I could make out during a few hours' research today, a DIY hackerish
background but was recently acquired by a Silicon Valley-based, publicly
traded VoIP company, 8x8 Inc. So if for one to one video you pick
between either Wire or Jitsi, that means picking between -- and this is
an educated guess and half joking -- the fancy solution presumably used
by money launderers corporations and pedo rings (Wire) or the slightly
Millenium Falcon-y Jitsi that will probably be great for another 1-3
years until 8x8 Inc. decides to sell and/or ruin their new toy.
*	If more participants are required, and there are no other options, the
Association for Computing Machinery -
- is recommending as of April 2020 that conference organizers use Zoom
with an awareness of the problems, such as crypto issues (
)  and Zoombombing ( ) and trying to mitigate those problems by following various guides,
such as Meredith Reitman's (
) and Konrad Kording's anti-Zoombombing script (
) and the Electronic Frontier Foundation's guide (
) and enabling/steering people toward/requiring the web version (
 ) and this guide
for virtual conferences best practices which has a lot of helpful
thoughts about accessibility and fairness (
*    Here are some various resources on the subject if you want more.
Riseup Networks security guide re video options is out of date (due to
them requiring more support/donations for more labor, presumably). This
video conferencing comparison guide website by various journohacker
types:  February 2020 guide for sex
workers including tech tips for camming:
Wikipedia page comparing various video conferencing software/platforms
thanks to Cecilia:
Association for Computing Machinery landing page, report, and highly
recommended drill down comparing video conferencing options:
Dec 2019 hour-long talk at Chaos Computer Club by a sysadmin for
Extinction Rebellion, via Greg Newby, regarding sixth mass extinction
event and tech infrastructure for that movement. Especially from 28
minutes to 44 minutes, and the Q&A after.

@_date: 2020-04-23 01:49:15
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Video chat software / options 
Hi Greg,
Thanks, your two emails were extremely helpful! I especially liked the
ACM resources, your experience with Jitsi meeting of 10-12+ people
(which fits what ACM says), and the CCC talk. All of those I forwarded
along to a few other people. Thanks again for the awesome information.

@_date: 2020-04-23 01:47:17
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: Video chat software / options 
Thanks Cecilia, that Wikipedia page has been helpful.

@_date: 2020-04-18 18:24:23
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Video chat software / options 
Hey cypherpunks,
So what video chat options are there that are less privacy violating and
social graphing than Zoom, Skype, etc, while still being at least
somewhat available to the everyday user? Imagine two use cases:
1. Audiovideo chat between Alice and Bob: they want to watch an online
movie together whether by sharing a screen or some other method, and
then have sexy times later by same audiovideo chat. Imagine further that
Bob uses Linux laptop and knows more or less what he's doing, while
Alice uses Windows or Apple or her standard-issue smartphone or w/e and
doesn't want to spend her little weekend time off paidwork trying to
configure stuff to meet some faraway incel's expectation of flawless
fantasy security.
2. A video panel or Q&A being hosted by your local friendly anarchist
bookstore. Maybe it needs 3-5 people on a panel talking, their famous
faces visible on the screen along with their audio while they debate
each on internecine leftist conflicts that distract from far more
rational propaganda of the deed, while the 20 people in the audience,
including people of all sorts of demographics who have a hard enough
time paying their bills online, have their audio and video forcibly off
so there's not random beeps and bloops and toddler singing during the
panel, but the audience could still type in Q&A questions or whatever.
It would also be cool if there was a film screening option -- imagine an
anarchist bookstore that prior to covid19 had been doing weekly film
screenings offline in their brick and mortar location, but now wants to
do something similar online, while making it hopefully accessible for
people without intense computer skills.
How are Signal and Wire for the above?
My big picture understanding has for a long time been that, 1. perfect
security is snake oil, the top spy agencies can crack anything if they
want given enough time and targetting interest, but that's not typically
relevant to the above use cases unless you're a Supreme Court justice or
an incel fantasizing about being James Bond, 2. encryption makes data
packet size much bigger, and large data size is already a problem with
video in cleartext, so there never has been a really good solution to
this problem. However  was my understanding as of like 5 years ago, so
I'm curious if some new solution has come out.
It looks like EFF is fairly useless and using Zoom themselves. I suppose
if they're not gonna go after something meaningful, like how the
corporate voting gear in the US is closed source, they have to spend
that sweet Papa Omidyar cash and prestige somehow and produce little
guides about how to toggle your Zoom settings. Afte
Guides by Riseup Networks don't have much on video understandably
Prism Break mentions something called Jami I've never heard of
And yeah, Signal and Wire...? I know everything is fucked but using
something less bad for the use cases outlined above seems better than
diving headfirst into whatever the worst popular solutions are.

@_date: 2020-05-22 16:57:06
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Well, this is mildly interesting. (OSC phones) 
The US federal Office of Special Counsel -- where formal whistleblower
complaints go -- "is experiencing intermittent problems with our phone
lines and voicemail system"  (accessed
22 May '20) I just got someone there by phone ~2 hours ago, trying to
get the FOIA public liaison officer. Weird. Any other agencies saying
this? On quick check, NASA & FCC aren't.
KIRK: Do they tie in?
SPOCK: I don't know.
KIRK: Speculate.
SPOCK: I have already given Doctor McCoy sufficient cause for amusement.
I'd prefer to cogitate the possibilities for a time.
KIRK: A short time, Mister Spock. We have very little.
Could be something routine, or could be interference, or could be -- lol

@_date: 2020-05-21 01:55:18
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Whistleblower Dr. Bright - bibliography vs. secrecy 
My new blog post: Whistleblower Dr. Rick Bright's testimony, part 1.5 of
4: bibliography vs. secrecy:
Along with his whistleblower complaint, Dr. Bright provided to the US
Office of Special Counsel evidentiary exhibits (probably totaling 60);
the Washington Post published less than half of them (27); where are the
rest (33)? He told Congress he'd make them available, but I don't see
'em anywhere, do you? My post explains what to do about it, hack all the
things, once you cast invincibility for max spell points or whatever.

@_date: 2020-05-28 19:12:31
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Suggest large non-US tech/news outlets in English? 
Hi cypherpunks,
I sent out a bunch of queries today to news outlets, namely Slate,
Salon, Vice, The Atlantic, Gizmodo, Ars Technica, Wired US, Wired UK,
and Al Jazeera. To give you the general idea of the article I aim to
publish, the subject line is "Freelance pitch: Open science helps
Seattle activists overcome pandemic, Twitter exec order" and the open
science systems are Sci-Hub and GetGee, and the Seattle activists are
rentstrike, anarchist soup kitchen, etc.
Can the list please recommend for pitching any non-United States
tech/news outlets publishing in English that have medium to large
audiences? I will check dw.com and other Germany in a few.
The goal is to lodge an article into one of these venues to promote
Sci-Hub and GetGee by explaining to the public how public data systems
would help with coronavirus, with practical relatable examples like
rentstrike, Food Not Bombs, etc.
P.S. Yes, I know corporate media is bad, good job Chomsky, tell me
something I don't know.
P.P.S. Yes, I know you think I should use more encryption, good job
incel boomer, have you considered the downsides of broadcasting for wide
dissemination nothing but pure ciphertext? Last I checked, number
stations have yet to convince members of the public of much of anything.

@_date: 2020-05-30 04:24:54
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: US Protesters Storm Torch Police Buildings, Cops Flee, George Floyd Murdered in Minneapolis, Umb 
Excerpt below of self governance goals from the COVID-19 catalyst
effect, an April 2020 post by Heather Marsh:
It is futile to weed without planting; now is our window to plant the
seeds of a better world. Here are a few of the opportunities we are
being given in various parts of the world and which we can try to
establish and defend in all parts.
The fact that pollution increases COVID-19 deaths has been used to limit
vehicle traffic and reclaim city streets for physical distancing of
bikes and pedestrians. Vehicle traffic has always increased deaths from
pollution, not to mention the astronomical amount of deaths caused by
vehicle accidents; reclaim all city streets and never give them back.
Pollution is so unhealthy every day that the COVID-19 shutdowns of
industry have, in some regions, potentially saved more lives than were
lost to the pandemic. Pollution needs to continue to be recognized and
treated as a global health emergency on par with the pandemic.
Public transit is free in some places to reduce contact with bus
drivers. Don’t ever let it be unfree again. Providing free streets for
vehicles and charging for public transit is taxing the necessities of
the poor for the autogenocidal luxuries of the wealthy.
Food banks are receiving more government funding in places; food stores
ought to be free, filled with healthy, locally produced food. Think of
the carbon footprint reduction, medical care reduction, and general
increase in happiness and competence that would be caused by universal
access to fresh, healthy food and universal ability to grow and share
food locally, perhaps in the laneways and parking lots freed from
vehicle traffic. Why should every child have a right to education but
not food? How is free health care effective if healthy food, air and
water are unattainable?
Evictions have been stopped in some places and those without homes are
suddenly being housed to prevent COVID-19 deaths. Poverty and lack of
housing has always been lethal; eradicate poverty and universalize
access to homes.
Some people have acknowledged that releasing the majority of prisoners
will create no social ill and prisons are inhumane. Some are even
acknowledging the extreme mental distress and increased tendency to
violence caused by social isolation. Use this opportunity to re-examine
the goals and methods of archaic and cruel prison punishments and
construct rehabilitative alternatives which focus on harm prevention.
The Canadian government and others have rejected IP protection for
necessary COVID-19 treatment and supplies; abolish IP while crediting
creators and we will see an explosion in creativity and scientific
advancement. COVID-19 is hardly the only emergency facing the world.
The vital need for knowledge emanating from transparent, two-way,
epistemic communities and facilitated by knowledge bridges is finally
being recognized. Ignorance is lethal. Knowledge needs to be a human
right. Establish protection and support for this right in all areas of
social collaboration, including corporate and governance activity.
Health is, at least for a moment, being prioritized over industry. This
is a sign of the weakening of industrial endo-idealism. This must be
recognized as the moment of sublation it is; do not allow this moment of
victory over industrial endo-idealism to blind us to its potential
replacement by a transcendental mono-empire. Be aware of these attempts,
such as Google and Apple surveillance justified by the pandemic, and
instead, seize the moment to establish exosocial collaboration.
Transparent, collaborative knowledge with two-way epistemic communities
are providing the information on health guidelines. All science needs to
be open and collaborative and unfiltered through political and corporate
interests. Cancer and many other diseases could also be greatly reduced
with the same transparency and prioritizing of health over industry.
We are seeing an example of governance by epistemic communities,
Knowledge regarding the pandemic is global and transparent. Policy
implementation is under networked regional authority which consults and
defers to regional experts informed by that global knowledge. This is
the new method of collaborative governance that I described a decade ago
and wrote in Binding Chaos. For this method to work, knowledge (not
simply speech or information) must be a human right.
Tourism has all but halted. Some states, such as the US, and China, will
attempt to use this to entrench totalitarianism and greatly restrict
ability to move. Let’s instead try to create a new habit of slow travel;
let’s forfeit the social media selfies and work on creating true links
of friendship, mutual aid, trust and discovery when we are guests in
other people’s communities and homes.
Worry about supply chains is suddenly causing questioning of
international forced dependency on trade. This is a window to encourage
collaboration through networked development of strength and support, not
hierarchical development of enforced dependency.
Airbnb and others have taken a huge economic hit. This could be an
opportunity to develop Getgee and networked control of our own service
industries, instead of apps controlled in Silicon Valley.
These and many other opportunities for great social change are being
presented where just a few months ago the same ideas were dismissed as
utopian and unrealistic.

@_date: 2020-05-30 03:36:26
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: US Protesters Storm Torch Police Buildings, Cops Flee, George Floyd Murdered in Minneapolis, Umb 
"Principles of a society contained in documents such as constitutions
and bills of rights can be listed with the historic or potential
consequences of each definition and option. This clarification makes
each point far easier for every member of society to understand and
agree on and then ensure that all law in that society flows naturally
from the root principles. It could also be possible to use accepted
principles to choose association, for instance to refuse trade with a
corporation that refuses to accept certain environmental practices."
worse)  universal/free/open graph database, the
states and corporations already employ proprietary graph databases to
track activists, it's time for the public to have one.
Regime Predator Drone  seen circling over conflict-stricken city
of Minneapolis at 20K feet today. Took off from Grand Forks Air Force
Base. h/t
   Protestors are now storming the CNN headquarters in Atlanta; major
damage to the building and nearby security forces vehicles.
  Tensions rising in the conflict stricken United States; as White House
has gone into an emergency lockdown and Trump regime officials are now
in hiding as protestors amass outside. Protestors damaging government
buildings.   Zenaan H. gonna poop his pants like Biden did on TV recently if/when
Trump dies from an aneurysm while on the toilet nursing his Diet Coke
and Big Mac addictions trying to DM from his phone for Jeffrey Epstein
and Assadnge to save him

@_date: 2020-06-01 06:02:25
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: My #OpDeathEaters review of Investig. Discovery Epstein special on Epstein tonight 
Hi cypherpunks,
This past workweek, the US cable channel Investigation Discovery gave me
advance access to the video screener files for their three-hour special
that aired tonight, "Who Killed Jeffrey Epstein?" They must have not
realized who they were offering it to! So this weekend I wrote an
 review of the program. That hashtag has been trending on
twitter today; I explain it in the post.
Due to high traffic, my website has been going up and down, so if you're
not able to access my blog post, please just try again. Also, my twitter
has been going insane because of tweets such as these. Meanwhile the
guardhouse at the White House has been set on fire!
My post reviews the Investigation Discovery special in light of
 and explains what inquiries/tribunals are and how they
end impunity for both street executions and powerful pedosadists.
Because, since  started in 2014, people in the United
States have been wondering that -- Like, what actually is an inquiry? So
here's my post.
"My  review of Investigation Discovery's 'Who Killed
Jeffrey Epstein?' airing Sun May 31, 2020"

@_date: 2020-06-02 17:12:29
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: on-list feminazi scum - douglas lucas 
Unlike her glossary, Marsh's New Orwellian Dictionary is definitions of
doublespeak, i.e. how the authorities use language, not her -- a fact
that Punk obviously photoshopped out from Punk's false excerpting earlier.
Just got over 800 new twitter followers these past 72 hours, about to
break 3000, meanwhile we all know Punk is a bikeshedder
But I'm too busy swimming in Pussy to waste more time laughing at Punk's
boomer inceldom
Enjoy this sculpture!
Until next time!
that 'douglas lucas' guy

@_date: 2020-06-28 03:28:49
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: [OT, but curious] bye bye, 5G... 
See below.
To be precise, it was "Cash payments *may require

@_date: 2020-06-28 02:48:33
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: [OT, but curious] bye bye, 5G... 
See below.
There was a sign at a grocery store here in Seattle this evening,
something like: "Cash payments require exact change due to nationwide
coin shortage." And in the greater Seattle area, an electronic sign
along the road last week, I assume from an official entity, flashing the
message: "July 4th is cancelled." I should take pics of both...

@_date: 2020-06-28 00:41:32
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Re: [OT, but curious] bye bye, 5G... 
See below.
The term "the Jackpot" of course comes from William Gibson's 2014
science fiction novel The Peripheral.
There's nowadays a subreddit r/collapse where redditors discuss, well,
"the collapse", that being their term.
I've been wondering for a while - what other terms, from science fiction
or Internet subcultures or elsewhere - are there for this current thing
humanity is experiencing? Besides "the Jackpot" and "the collapse", can
anyone list any additional widely or significantly used ones?
(Not to mention, just, an anthropogenic mass extinction event. Cue
reactionaries on this list freaking out because they are primed to
protect dolla dolla bill from evidence of global warming etc.)

@_date: 2020-07-29 23:13:00
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: Fuck the set of all... 
A symphony in 4 parts
Part the First, angry and intentionally provocative) Fuck the set of all
cypherpunks who fluff Assadnge endlessly.
Part the Second, deliberate and careful) Fuck the set of all cypherpunks
who, like looking at the one-way direction of prime numbers, want all
ExploitativeQuidProQuos/IdentityPoliticsImpermeableBoundaries to
continue forever because they want victory for able bodied and for hoarders.
Part the Third, deliberate but with a touch of scherzo suggesting
erroneous grep -v and grep not piping across &&s correctly) Reward the
set of all cypherpunks who in their verily verily souls, want the unpaid
invoices of the lifegiving to flow back to the great-grandmothers, etc.,
while still understanding all humans are one, and an injustice to any
single human is an injustice to all humans, so on, so forth.
Part the Fourth, presto vivace, scherzo increasing ad infinitum) Can
someone recommend which LaTeX will work with which prices for dedicated
hardware RAM drives combined with annual and monthly commodity prices
for centuries and World Banks and Galactic crop sections and old science
fiction models as my eyes spin like economic cycles flowing around
unchanging charts of households and firms? If a browser-based Jitsi Meet
goes up the butt of a client-installed Zoom client even with zoombombing
patched as the passports divide and recombine, exploding with
combinations far beyon the Cambrian era of Pantera's Vulgar Display of
Power out Phil Anselmo's psychopharmaceutical prescriber's other nyms
making fun of the set of all possible heavy metal maniacs who need
lorazepam like a threesome in the South China Sea as turmeric and ginger
fall from the sky?
Have fun, and happy rioting, self defense, and fucking up shit!

@_date: 2020-09-03 02:02:22
@_author: "Douglas Lucas" 
@_subject: Re: SKS PGP Keyservers Nodecount Dropping 
Yes, but are the Keyservers droppin' like it's hot? drop 'em like they're
hot? Got the rollies on my arms and I'm pourin' Shawn Dawn and I roll the
best weed cuz I got it goin' on. Bow da wow wow... shitz in the sepsis, ma
bell, drop it like it's hawt, drop it like it's hawt, Sn00py hit the
l0tto, Lupe hit the l0tt0

@_date: 2020-09-02 15:15:58
@_author: "Douglas Lucas" 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: ShadowGate Documentary Banned by FaceBook and YouTube 
What ever happened to them Kingston drives from 'bout back, you know, a
decade ago? And anyway, sorry if I missed the earlier messages, but what
the fuck does/doesn't this fucking documentary have to do with the actual
Nintendo game ShadowGate? I mean yes I know about the colorization and
pause this video there and all that shit, I'm not a fuckin' idiotOgram
