
@_date: 2002-02-16 14:05:49
@_author: "Dale Gass" 
@_subject: RE: URGENT ASSISTANCE 
I'm sure everyone knows what a scam this is, but just in case, here's an
interesting read:
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-toasters Behalf Of chidi john
Sent: Friday, February 15, 2002 10:17 PM
ASYLUM CAMP Abidjan
COTE D'IVOIRE
Tel :  225-07-82-23-21
Attn: President/CEO
              CONFIDENTIAL
I am well confident of your capability of executing
this business for the mutual benefit of our both
families, believing that you will not expose or betray
 the trust and confident I am about to repose on you.
I am contacting you with the greatest delight and
personal respect. I am Stella Kamara, the first
of  Chief Kamara Raymond  former minister of Mineral
Resources of the Republic of Sierra-Leone who was
recently murdered by the Forces Loyal to Corporal
Foday Sankoh, due to his support to the incumbent
elected President Tejan Kabbah to remain in the office
as reported on the cable Network News (CNN) and by the
British Broadcasting  Corporation (BBC).
Two days before my father was assassinated, he
confided in  me and ordered me to go to his
underground safe  and moved out immediately with the
deposit agreement and cash receipt he made with a
Security Company in Abidjan where he deposited one
trunk box which contains cash sum of  US$30,000,000
(Thirty million United  States Dollars).
I successfully smuggled out of the country to Abidjan,
Côte d'Ivoire with the help of some rebels loyal to My
father and have gone to the Security Company with the
deposit agreement to confirm the deposit myself and
also I have been granted political stay by the
government of Côte d'Ivoire.
Unknown to the Security company my father declared the
contents of the trunk as African Artworks belonging to
his foreign partner, that the keys are with him in
order to prevent them from knowing the real content.
I am now seeking for your direct assistance to front
you as the owner of  the consignment and  lift the
fund out of this country to your base for onward
profitable investment which  necessitated my
contacting you and you will have 13% out of the money.
We are to open a non residential bank account here in
Abidjan in your name through which the fund will be
remitting from to your bank account abroad and your
reward for this noble assistance is under negotiable.
Further detail will be made known to you on
confirmation of your interest to assist me towards
this project. Contact me through the above telephone
and fax numbers .
Expecting your immediate response.
Yours sincerely.
 Stella Kamara
Do You Yahoo!? -- Une adresse  gratuite et en français !
Yahoo! Mail :
