
@_date: 2011-06-14 05:59:39
@_author: Danilo Gligoroski 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
Nicholas Bohm write:
Not (directly, yet), but for the end user who possess a bitcoin it appears as that. The concept of having several entities in the financial chain between the end consumer of the goods and the issuer of those goods is present in the human history for thousands of years. I see that those kind of financial chains are building around the concept of Bitcoin too.
Insisting on the story that you can only buy drugs by bitcoins in my view is too harsh toward the concept of Bitcoin. Last week I was in Helsinki on a summer school for cloud computing and there a guy offered me to buy me a beer with his bitcoins. I do not have any Bitcoin (yet), but as time goes on, probably I will have one. CERTAINLY NOT FOR BUYING DRUGS, but because I want to see how that nice crypto design works and grows in practice. The allegations that the Bitcoins are tool for buying drugs will probably repel some potential Bitcoin owners and sadly will imprint them as a dangerous social group.
To paraphrase Peter Gutmann from his post on this topic from last week: How about the allegations about "The Bitcoin-based Child Porn Market" and "The al-Qaeda/Bitcoin Connection".

@_date: 2011-06-13 10:15:16
@_author: Danilo Gligoroski 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
Nicholas Bohm write:
I see the example of an institution (organization, company, entity, ...)
willing to happily credit the current value of *whatever currency* with
*concrete products (goods)* or *concrete services* is the best example how
and why *that currency* can become a trade tool for exchanging the goods as
well as services.
Your example is about two actors: Amazon and BitCoin, acting within small
amounts of goods, services and issued currency.
But there is another example with two other actors that are playing the
currency spiral game of trust with HUGE, HUGE amounts: I am talking about
China and the US Federal Reserve System. The amounts are in trillions of
dollars, issued by Federal Reserves, and are happily (oh, maybe lately not
that happily) accepted by China.
Now, instead of Amazon, if we start to see similar Chinese entities (but not
necessarily just Chinese, maybe some of the BRIC countries) that will be
happy to credit the BitCoins with concrete products and services, then
BitCoin as a trade tool for exchanging goods and services will probably
survive in the next period.
Or, seeing the latest Chinese-made crypto products like the latest ZUC
portfolio of crypto primitives for the new 4G standard, instead of BitCoin,
I expect to see a BitYuan.
