
@_date: 2001-10-07 06:45:15
@_author: "Frontline Learning" 
@_subject: Enhance Employee Competency, Productivity and Morale 
One of the most effective ways to enhance employee competency, productivity and morale is to offer training TARGETED to the specific needs of each individual. But of course that's easier said than done. To assess an individual's development needs and provide training on specific competencies that address those needs isn't easy. Or quick. Or inexpensive.
So most organizations take a "one size fits all" approach to training, knowing that it isn't ideal, but it's the only approach that's practical and cost-effective. Until now.
You and I have not met, but because you're a respected business professional with an interest in improving employee productivity, I would like to offer you a free preview of Frontline Learning's new SkillMap(tm) Assessment and Development Guidebooks.
These  new resources can help you bring added value to your current training initiatives by targeting each employee's individual development needs. This is a truly unique approach to employee development, and if you're open to learning more, please read on. If this is NOT an area of interest for you, I would appreciate it if you would forward this message to the appropriate person in your organization. I won't take up any more of your time, and I wish you continued success.
Kindest regards,
David Kirkeby
VP, Business Development
Frontline Learning
MORE ABOUT SKILLMAPS ...
How do you help a salesperson, a customer service representative, or ANY employee improve his or her effectiveness and productivity if you don't know which SPECIFIC skills, habits or attitudes need to be developed or enhanced?
How do you help an employee understand his or her development needs and focus on learning SPECIFIC new abilities and behaviors?
SkillMap(tm) Assessment and Development Guidebooks can help you accomplish these objectives quickly and cost-effectively.
SkillMaps are available focusing on Sales, Customer Service, Team Building, Emotional Intelligence and Professional Communication.
For example, the Professional Selling SkillMap™ helps salespeople, sales managers and trainers pinpoint the specific selling skills, habits and attitudes they should focus on for improved performance. It includes an assessment of selling skills in 20 categories, providing a graphical representation of each individual's unique selling strengths and growth opportunities.
SkillMaps can be easily integrated into your existing training program or used as a stand-alone training tool for facilitated group training sessions, self-paced individual learning and one-on-one coaching.
Based upon extensive research and field validation, each skill assessment  measures strengths and growth opportunities in a broad range of skill categories.
Upon completion of the Assessment, a Development Guidebook provides helpful tips, methods and strategies focused on each respondent's specific development needs.
A Facilitation and Coaching Guide provides detailed instructions for administering the Assessment along with fully scripted 1-hour workshops (one for each skill category) including handouts, overhead masters and PowerPoint® presentations. Additional training tools are available for each skill category to provide post-training skill reinforcement or enhance the effectiveness of self-paced learning and one-on-one coaching. You can visit  for more information, and you can request a free preview at: I appreciate the time you've taken to read through this, and again, wish you continued success.
David Kirkeby
Please note: To remove yourself from our mailing list, click reply and type "REMOVE" in the >SUBJECT< Box.
