
@_date: 2002-06-29 22:01:46
@_author: davidbrin@cts.com 
@_subject: RE: Rendering Unto Ceasar 
In other words, using the nation-state (a mob by any other name
Brin's new remise:
The attempt to paraphrase me, above, using "in other words", is yet another
example of the profound dishonesty we're witnessing here.  It truly is
pathetic when people feel a need to cram words and meanings into the mouths
of other people, in blatant attempts to make them look foolish or to erect
strawmen to knock down.
In fact, Hettinga's "in other words" above has no relationship to anything I
believe, nor to anything I've said.  And certainly no relationship to the
very paragraph to which he refers!
This is truly dismal.
Please note, not an iota of actual citation or specificity.  He avoids
addressing the central issue -- that he crammed words and meanings into my
mouth that have no bearing on my views - a harmful act since others might
believe him.  Moreover, he did not offer me a chance to see or comment. Moreover he abused quotation marks.
These are my "mob" actions... apparently Hettinga can do whatever he wants
to others, but calls it 'mob' when one of those people explicityly and
carefully holds him accountable for deliberate untruths.
At last, a paraphrasing the glancingly touches my actual views.  Cameras
HAVE proliferated as much in the US as in Britain - though mostly into
private hands, rather than the police.  This bothers me because ALL elites
should be held accountable.  Still, dispersal of vision among as wide a
variety of elites as possible is certainly preferable.
As for 'statist' views... again, pathetic.  I am keynote speaker for this
year's Libertarian National Convention.  Guys like Hettinga hurl such words
at anything they do not understand.  If it's not their standard line, it
must be Big Brother.  Feh.
Fine.  He is proposing an experimental new kind of society.  I am willing to
listen.  Meanwhile, however, I will try to defend THIS society using the
tools that have created more freedom and wealth than any other.  Forcing
accountability upon elites is the method that has worked.  A burden of proof
falls upon the romantics who propose that we switch to an entirely different
strategy of hiding from each other behind masks.
In The Transparent Society I pose many many problems with this approach. Instead of making caricatures to avoid arguing, ANSWER those problems, one
by one.  Convince us this untested prescription will work better than one
that is already working well.
You may succeed, I have a more open mind than yours, apparently.
But for now, I consider masks to be craven.  You'll find me, bare-faced,
confronting statists and aristocrats and plutocrats and other elites
demanding that they strip.
Enough.  You haven't a clue what I believe Hettinga. You have proved it so
leave me OUT of your screeds.  Stop lying about me, or I'll hold you
accountable again.
Others, please let me know if/when he starts in again.  Better yet, go
listen to honest men.
With cordial regards,
David Brin
