
@_date: 2014-07-07 04:00:54
@_author: davispuh@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Tox.im 
2014-07-06 23:28 GMT+03:00 rysiek :
that indeed is stupid and so no one have solved it yet... for social
network or basically any IM/chat/etc to be usable it must have majority of
people (eg. your friends) users there, otherwise without people they are
totally useless so currently we're stuck with no-so-great
applications/protocols only because everyone already are on them like
Facebook and Skype. On that mailing list there were discussion about a
polyglot protocol/application which could support all networks so users
wouldn't be forced to migrate which I think is essential because a lot of
people won't bother. There was mention to Sockethub
seems quite cool, only for a bit different use case I would say.
Another thing I would like to mention is BitlBee  it is
a gateway between various IM/chat networks and IRC so you can chat with
friends on Facebook using your favorite IRC client, or post a tweet on your
Twitter and use various other protocols. It even supports OTR.

@_date: 2014-10-26 23:17:59
@_author: davispuh@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: GamerGate 
2014-10-26 14:26 GMT+02:00 John Young :
It looks like you don't really understand GamerGate at all.
Nothing you said is even remotely related to GamerGate.
For me it looks like you're just slamming your own views on it
without realizing it's not even related.
I just read that New York Times article and you can
clearly see it's written by anti-GamerGate like most
mainstream media does so. This is actually exactly why
GamerGate is such big movement and it's best described
with this quote:
The issue GamerGate is attempting to address is that the majority
of games publications take an unbalanced view of the industry,
injecting their political beliefs into stories they then report on as fact.
It's like if Fox, MSNBC and CNN were all ultra right (or left) wing and
that was the only news you were able to get.
I'm sure we all know that media/press is fourth power (Fourth Estate)
and it's bad when it starts pushing it's own agenda. And it's
actually happening not only with just gaming journalists but everywhere.
It used to be just government which could influence us in bad ways,
but now, media have such power that it can also influence our life.
If you won't be careful, you can easily fall for this. For example
there was published atleast *34* different articles with titles such as
"Gamers are dead" within couple of day span. No, I'm not joking,
you can see list of these articles here And those articles were published from various gaming and review sites
with more than just a few readers (well, now fewer :D) and in such short
timespan that there's no much doubt it was coordinated and that they
know each other somewhat and are trying to push same views.
But this is not, how you should treat your audience.
I'm a gamer, I enjoy gaming, but it's such a diverse group that you
can't really tell anything about them individually. Only thing that's
common is that they all love to play games and are interested in them.
Anyway GamerGate is really complex issue and it's not only
about journalism. My suggestion would be, look here
 for full story.
And note, that, it's not only gamers who support GamerGate, but
also game developers, including females (see
