
@_date: 2012-06-07 22:22:19
@_author: David Walker 
@_subject: Re: LinkedIn password database compromised 
You're exacly correct but in this case I don't think CAs are necessary
and probably detrimental so it's moot.
Currently I don't care at all if somebody joins YouTube with my name
or whatever and has a password I know nothing about. Well I do care a
The point is that there's nothing sensitive about a username/password
combination for these type of accounts.
We don't care.
I'm sure I've communicated on the internet with President Obama and Johnny Cash.
If there's ever any doubt and something nefarious is going on there
are other methods.
I don't think anyone's suggesting that this is appropriate for
anything sensitive.
In short nothing changes at all other than swapping certificates for passwords.
If my bank wants to start doing it then they'll have to keep doing
what they're doing now and use other channels to verify me at
establishment, i.e. I'll have to walk into a branch and verify myself
and give them a USB stick with my certificate or whatever ...

@_date: 2012-06-07 21:59:36
@_author: David Walker 
@_subject: Re: LinkedIn password database compromised 
I'm a very amateur cryptologist so some of this is new to me:
"Any organization using SHA-1 without salting user passwords is
running a great risk -- much higher than they should," said Per
Thorsheim, chief information security advisor at Norwegian IT services
company EVRY. "We've seen this time and time again. This is not good
practice. Salt should be a minimum."
This, however, is all too commonplace:
"We take the security of our members very seriously."
This is the only security item they have and it's mission critical right?
The issues are well understood and highly publicized.
The procedures are simple.
Taking a casual interest in security pretty much precludes mistakes here.
I'm not fooled at all.
The current system can work if applied correctly but time and again
we're seeing failure from service providers to follow the dots.
As I mentioned I'm no expert but I don't think widening the circle of
trust is the correct answer regardless of the technology. There's no
technology shortfall here.
Self signed certificates does sound great and for most purposes,
certainly in this case, fulfills all the requirements. There's no need
to verify anything about me is correct other than to tie my
authentication to my account. If I fail to meet the TOS then the plug
is easily pulled and any further activity can be dealt with as it
currently is by other means. I think there's enough risk in bringing
in a CA and so little advantage that it's wrong.
As far as moving the cryptographic responsibility from the service
provider to us - I'm all for it. They've been telling us for some time
now they'd rather not do that stuff.
I'd much rather have control and introduce something a little sleeker.
As far as users go, if they have to learn it to get on FaceSpace then
they'll learn it - that's a given.
There's no reason for it not to be optional anyway.
To all the people who've figured this out, my hat's off.
I'm very suspicious of any mention of a browser being involved in this
process though.
Shifiting some software responsibility to the client probably brings
new/different danger anyway but probably the last piece of goop that
should be involved is a browser.
That's anecdotal aversion but I'll stand by it.
