
@_date: 2001-11-27 02:43:11
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
I believe publishing is important for the advancement of the field.
If noone publishes, how will we learn from our mistakes?  How will
people learn of the risks?  Fortunately, we are in a privileged position.
The university has been supportive of our work, which has made it easier
to publish on a limited basis despite the risks.
However, if I knew when we started this project what I know now, I would
not have initiated this research: I would have spent my time on some
other important problem without the legal overhead and risks.  In the
future, you can bet that I won't be working on copy protection again,
not if the situation stays like this.

@_date: 2001-11-26 07:12:47
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
Well, I spent quite a bit of time talking to lawyers about this very
issue, and unfortunately, it does not appear to be mere hyperbole.
As much as I'd prefer to believe this is nothing more than hyperbole,
the legal experts told me to take this issue very seriously, and I am.
As far as I can figure, it seems unlikely that publishing a scientific
paper would be fall under the criminal provisions of the DMCA, so
"criminalize" is probably inaccurate.  However, the potential liability
in a civil suit appears to be a significant concern.
The key is 1201(b), providing a "technology ... or component thereof",
etc., etc.  Is a scientific paper that merely describes how to build a
circumvention device a "technology or component thereof"?  It's simply
not clear.  The lawyers don't seem to be able to confidently predict
how such a case would turn out (and I spoke to several).
In other words, there appears to be a real, but unquantifiable risk --
a risk to scientists that cannot be lightly dismissed.
Given this risk, I've decided I cannot afford to continue to work in the
area of copy protection as long as the uncertainty remains.  And how in
good conscience can I advise students working with me to work in this
troubled area?  I can't.

@_date: 2001-11-26 07:00:33
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
I can't speak for any of the other authors, but yes, I am extremely
concerned about the DMCA.  In the case of HDCP, I spent more time speaking
with lawyers than I spent on the cryptographic research itself.  As a
result of this experience, I don't plan to work in the area of copy
protection again so long as this legal shadow hangs over the field.
The costs are simply too high.
For further information, you can read the declaration I submitted
in the Felten case.  It is available online at the URL below.

@_date: 2002-03-02 23:07:57
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein's NFS machine 
Very interesting.  Thanks for the analysis.
Bernstein's analysis is based on space*time as your cost metric.
What happens if we assume that space comes for free, and we use simply
time as our cost metric?  Do his techniques lead to an improvement in
this case?
It looks to me like there is no improvement in the first phase, but
there is some improvement in the second phase (reduction in time from
B^2 to B^1.5).  Then, of course, we need to re-consider the parameters
to balance the work, and it seems we would want to choose E = B^1.25,
subject to the constraint that E is large enough to produce at least
B relations.  What does this solve for, in terms of L?  How much do his
matrix solving techniques speed up the total computation, in the case
where we count only the running time of the adversary?

@_date: 2002-06-27 06:55:11
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
It's not clear that enabling anti-competitive behavior is good
for society.  After all, there's a reason we have anti-trust law.
Ross Anderson's point -- and it seems to me it's one worth considering

@_date: 2002-06-27 02:32:58
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
Uhh, anonymous remailers?  I never disclose my identity, hence there is
no need for parties I don't trust to "manage" it.
Come on, folks.  This ought to be cypherpunks 101.  DRM might be one
way to achieve privacy, but it is not the only way.
One simple way for me to ensure my privacy is simply never to disclose my
personal information.  There's no DRM here.  Sure, maybe we could envision
some alternate world where I disclose my personal information in return
for some promise from Big Brother to protect my personal information with
DRM, but this doesn't mean that DRM is the only way to achieve privacy!

@_date: 2002-06-27 02:26:41
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
I can't agree.  Strong protection of copyright is probably possible if
the content owner only distributes the content to tamperproof trusted
hardware.  Strong protection of copyright is probably not possible if
the content is available on hardware under control of untrusted parties.
Where's the contradiction?
Another point you seem to be missing is that there is a middle ground
between perfect copy-protection and no copy-protection.  This middle
ground may be very bad for the public.  Take, for instance, Adobe's
rot13-class encryption: this offered only weak copy-protection, as any
serious pirate could defeat it, but the copy-protection is just strong
enough to be bad for fair use and for research, and possibly just strong
enough to serve Adobe's corporate interests.
No, it's not.  Read Ross Anderson's article again.  Your analysis misses
part of the point.  Here's an example of a more problematic vision:
you can buy Microsoft Office for $500 and be able to view MS Office
documents; or you can refrain from buying it and you won't be able to
view MS Office documents.  Do you see why this is problematic?  It lets
one vendor lock the world into a monopoly; noone else will be able to
develop compatible MS Word viewers without the consent of Microsoft.
(StarOffice on Linux won't work, because to get the session key to
decrypt the Word document your viewer has to go online to microsoft.com
and ask for it, but microsoft.com won't give you the key unless you've
bought a "secure" "trusted" OS and purchased Microsoft Office for $500.)
Now notice that the same idea can be used to inhibit competition in
just about any computer market, and I hope you appreciate Ross's point.
TCPA/DRM has the potential for anti-competitive effects, and the result
may well be worse off than we are today.

@_date: 2002-06-30 02:32:25
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: Piracy is wrong 
Don't overlook the fact that when the government gives an artist a
limited monopoly through copyright, the government retains some rights
(e.g., fair use) to the public, whether the artist likes it or not.

@_date: 2002-07-18 00:40:13
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: DRM will not be legislated 
What's your point?  If you think the CBDTPA wasn't about legislating
DRM or something like it, we must be from different planets.
I'll elaborate.  CBDTPA delegated power to the FCC to specify standards
that all digital devices would have to implement.  It is not at all
surprising that CBDTPA was drafted to allow the FCC great freedom
in choosing the technical details as necessary to achieve the bill's
objectives.  It is equally clear that supporters of the bill were pushing
for some mandatory "Fritz chip", do-not-copy bit, Macrovision protection,
copy protection, or other DRM-like technical measure.  This issue is
not going away quietly.

@_date: 2002-07-14 21:49:02
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: DRM will not be legislated 
Care to support this claim?  (the Hollings bill and the DMCA requirement
for Macrovision in every VCR come to mind as evidence to the contrary)

@_date: 2002-08-02 00:36:43
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
Your point is taken.  That said, even if you could turn off TCPA &
Palladium and run some outdated version of Windows, whether users
would object is not entirely obvious.  For instance, suppose that,
thanks to TCPA/Palladium, Microsoft could design Office 2005 so that it
is impossible for StarOffice and other clones to read files created in
Office 2005.  Would some users object?  I don't know.  For many users,
being unable to read documents created in a recent version of Office
is simply not an option.  However, in any case we should consider in
advance the possible implications of this technology.

@_date: 2002-09-20 02:49:03
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
Yes, but...
For me, BORE (Break Once Run Everywhere) depends on the application.
You can't analyze Palladium in isolation, without looking at the app,
too.  It doesn't make sense to say "Palladium isn't susceptible to BORE
attacks", if the applications themselves are subject to BORE attacks.
For example, if a record company builds an app that stores a MP3 of
the latest Britney Spears song in a Palladium vault, then this app
will be susceptible to BORE attacks.  Extracting that MP3 from any one
machine suffices to spread it around the world.  It won't comfort the
record company much to note that the attacker didn't learn the Palladium
crypto keys living on other machines; the damage has already been done.
Palladium doesn't make DRM resistant to BORE attacks.  It can't.
In short, there are some applications that Palladium can't make
BORE-resistant.  Some apps (e.g., DRM) are simply fundamentally fragile.
Maybe a more interesting question is: For which apps does Palladium
provide resistance against BORE attacks that is not available by other

@_date: 2002-09-17 06:02:06
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
I wasn't thinking of pure software solutions.  I was thinking of a
combination of existing hardware + new software: use the MMU to provide
separate address spaces, and use a secure VM or OS kernel to limit what
those processes can do.  As far as I can see, this can provide just as
much protection against viruses for your bank account as Palladium can.
In general, with software and existing hardware working together, I
suspect we can already do everything Palladium can do, except for the DRM
and related applications founded on taking control away from the owner
of the machine.  Maybe I'm missing something.  Still, it seems to me that
Palladium would much more compelling if it left out the tamper-resistant
chip and gave up on the semi-coercive DRM-like applications.

@_date: 2002-09-16 18:45:25
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
I'm a little confused on this point.  Does Palladium really check the
hash on running software?  I was under the impression that any hashes
would be computed only when the banking software was loaded.  If this
is the case, then a virus could simply infect the software after it
has been loaded from disk.  In other words, the virus could attack the
in-memory image rather than the disk image.  Probably the Palladium
designers have noticed this.  What defenses does Palladium incorporate
against this sort of attack?
Standard process separation, sandboxes, jails, virtual machines, or other
forms of restricted execution environments would suffice to solve this
problem.  There is no need for remote attestation, for the DRM-enabling
features of Palladium, or for its other features that could be used to
take away control from the owner of the machine.  A banking application
is a great example where the user's and the bank's interests are aligned,
and hence there is no need for physical security or for a semi-coercive
infrastructure for taking control away from the owner of the machine.
It's only the fact that today's OS's aren't very good at providing process
separation that prevents us from deploying comparable defenses today.
If security for banking applications was really the goal, why tack on
these controversial DRM-enablers?

@_date: 2003-06-14 18:50:49
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
"Force", maybe not.  No one can "force" me to turn my machine on,
for instance.  But take a look at one line you quoted from the FAQ:
    "Only one nexus at a time will be able to run on a machine."
That looks to me like an important sentence.
