
@_date: 2001-12-14 01:03:01
@_author: Dirk Boxcuttah 
@_subject: Sklyarov freed 
Dmitri Sklyarov has traded his testimony for his freedom to
return home, exactly what the
            man he will soon be testifying against had hoped for.
            And so, charges will be dropped against the Russian computer
programmer accused of
            violating electronic-book copyrights, ending part of a case
that has generated worldwide
            protests.
However check out this excerpt:
            "Mr. Sklyarov will be permitted to return to Russia in the
meantime, but will be subject to
            the Court's supervision, including regularly reporting by
telephone to the Pretrial Services
            Department. Mr. Sklyarov will be prohibited from violating
any laws during the year,
            including copyright laws. The United States agreed that, if
Mr. Sklyarov successfully
            completes the obligations in the agreement, it will dismiss
the charges pending against
            him at the end of the year or when the case against
Elcomsoft is complete," according to
            the Department of Justice's statement.
Yeah, if I were jailed, hassled, and kept from my family by a repressive
foreign regime
after speaking there, I'd certainly cooperate with them after I got back
Yeah right; Fsck That Sheet.  When Osama dresses as Santa, maybe.

@_date: 2001-12-11 20:24:33
@_author: Dirk Boxcuttah 
@_subject: AOLTW hires ex Secret Service 
AOL TW secures Secret Service vet
By Georg Szalai
NEW YORK (The Hollywood Reporter) --- In the wake of the Sept. 11
terrorist attacks, AOL Time Warner Inc. is breaking new ground
in the media industry, saying Monday that it has named the deputy
director of the U.S. Secret Service to the new position of chief
officer and senior vp.
Larry Cockell, a 20-year Secret Service veteran, will start his new
assignment at the world's largest entertainment and online conglomerate
Jan. 14. Reporting to AOL TW executive vp administration Patricia
Fili-Krushel, Cockell will be responsible for security on a global
coordinating and overseeing all security policies and operations, the
company said.
Analysts said Monday that they were not aware of similar positions at
other media giants but that big corporations in other fields have
shoring up their security operations following Sept. 11. "I don't know
of such a chief security officer position at any of AOL's media peers,"
Kaufman Bros. analyst Paul Kim said. "But this is definitely a growing
trend at S&P 500 companies."

@_date: 2001-12-12 17:22:19
@_author: Dirk Boxcuttah 
@_subject: cryptographic fantasy (ca. "Stego, my ass" by WF Buckley) 
The notion that Osama would use a filmed interview to
send out recondite commands is cryptographic fantasy.
 William F. Buckley Jr.
OSAMA THE INVINCIBLE

@_date: 2001-12-14 00:52:00
@_author: Dirk Boxcuttah 
@_subject: Judges with kiddy porn good, Xerox engineers bad 
Controversy Grows Over Judge Indicted For Possessing Porn
              Orange County Judge Gets Signed Petitions To Run For
                   LOS ANGELES -- Controversy is growing over an Orange
                 judge indicted for possessing child pornography.
                 Despite the indictment, Superior Court Judge Ronald
Kline is running for
                 re-election after getting signed petitions from some
fellow Orange County
                 judges, according to a CBS2 report.
                 Some of the judges pleaded ignorance, while others said
that Kline is
                 innocent until proven guilty.
                 In response to the petitions, attorney Gayle Sandoval
has launched a
                 write-in campaign to defeat Kline in the election.
Contrast to  et

@_date: 2001-12-14 17:26:07
@_author: Dirk Boxcuttah 
@_subject: Reichstag 2001: Mil making Daschle-quality anthrax 
From the "Love your country but don't trust its government" files:
An Army biological and chemical warfare facility in Utah has been
quietly developing a virulent, weapons-grade formulation of anthrax
spores since at least 1992, and samples of the bacteria were shipped
back and forth between that facility and Fort Detrick, Md., on several
occasions in the past several years, according to government officials
and shipping records.
The Utah spores, grown and processed at the 800,000-acre Dugway Proving
Ground about 80 miles from Salt Lake City, belong to the Ames strain --
the same strain used in the deadly letters sent to media outlets and two
senators in September and October. No other nation is known to have made
weapons-grade Ames. And although it is legal to make small quantities of
such agents under the provisions of an international treaty the United
States has signed, experts said yesterday they were surprised by the
revelation that a U.S. lab was producing such lethal material.
"It comes as a bit of a shock," said Jonathan Tucker, a former member of
the U.N. team that inspected Iraq's bioweapons stocks after the Persian
Gulf War and now director of the Center for Nonproliferation Studies'
Chemical and Biological Weapons Nonproliferation Program in Washington.
The most recent shipment of the deadly spores to Fort Detrick left
Dugway Proving Ground June 27. The spores were to be irradiated at the
Maryland lab to render them harmless, according to shipping records and
interviews with officials.
Those spores apparently sat at Fort Detrick for more than two months
before being shipped back to Dugway on Sept. 4, less than a month before
this fall's spate of bioterrorist attacks began with a Florida photo
editor's fatal case of anthrax.
