
@_date: 2001-09-13 18:36:44
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: Priceless (tm) 
Two dozen boxcutters $20
18 airplane tickets, one way $3500
Jet airplane schooling for four $40,000
Imploding the Bill of Rights, turning US into Israel: Priceless
There are some things money can't buy, for everything else there's
MasterCard (tm)

@_date: 2001-09-13 00:42:32
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: Re: Ben-Laden Demolition 
Reminded me of Sideshow Bob[1]... buildings sprouting dreadlocks..
Didn't have any Einsturzende Neubaten playing that early in the AM,
[1] of _The Simpsons_

@_date: 2001-09-12 18:09:01
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: EMI samples new digital security ('digital rights mgmt') 
EMI samples new digital security
     By Gwendolyn Mariano CNET News.com
     In an effort to prevent unauthorized copying of music files, EMI
Recorded Music said
     Tuesday it will begin using security from BayView Systems that
offers a new twist on the
     burgeoning technology known as digital rights management.
                      Unlike competitors that use encryption or
watermarking techniques to
                      prevent copying, San Francisco-based BayView
Systems has designed
                      its Duolizer technology to essentially split music
files in two. A large,
                      main file, called the Flexible File, is stored on
the listener's hard drive,
                      while a smaller file, called the Secure Stream, is
stored on a
                      password-protected server, controlled by the
content owner. Listeners
                      enter the password to have the smaller file
streamed and listen to the
                      song.
                      The two files are combined while the song is
played, but otherwise
                      remain separate. The company said that the owner's
rights are
     preserved because end-users never have a complete [Ed note: fnord]
copy of the music, regardless of the
     number of times the file is shared.

@_date: 2001-09-12 19:59:39
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: Arabic version of MS Flight Sim? 
Rumor is, one set of the "Martyr Airlines" replacement-crew had
left a video of how to fly planes, in Arabic, in his luggage.
What would be pretty cool is to find a copy of MS Flight Sim
with notes on simflying the large Boeing airplane over NYC terrain...
But Bill Gates != Steve Jackson, and the feds are *so* much better
at distinguishing fantasy from reality nowadays...
Maybe it wasn't Osama, it was a conspiracy between Amtrack +
office-space realtors..

@_date: 2001-09-13 01:10:53
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: New flight rules 
Airlines would only be allowed to provide passengers with plastic knives
and butter knives to eat their meals, an FAA spokesman said.
	
Also: only crayons, no pens or pencils.  All PDAs, with their sharp
and brittle glass displays, will be replaced with Etch-a-Sketch toys.
Also all fingernails must be trimmed to 2mm past the fingerpad, this
must be done
before passing through security as nailclippers with nailfiles will not
be permitted on board, Good thing none of the Martyr Airlines dudes shorted out their laptop
batteries to make a diversion...
Jeezus guys, get a clue.  You can't pull the same stunt twice, whether
its a 'normal' hijacking
which turns out to be different (so much for passenger compliance..), or
the latest social-engineering virus trick.  The rubes *do* learn.
The next time, its a bottle of Japanese Subway Perfume.
Alas, a lot less eye candy with that.

@_date: 2001-09-13 19:12:45
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: U.S. Held Liable in '90 Kidnap 
U.S. Held Liable in '90 Kidnap
                    Ruling: A court says the government-arranged
abduction of a Mexican
                  doctor sought in the murder of a DEA agent broke
international law.
                  By HENRY WEINSTEIN, TIMES LEGAL
                  AFFAIRS WRITER
                  For the first time, a federal appeals court has ruled
                  that a U.S. government-instigated kidnapping of an
                  individual from another country violates
                  international human rights law and that violation
                  can be redressed in a U.S. court.
                  The 3-0 ruling this week by the U.S. 9th Circuit
                  Court of Appeals in San Francisco stems from the
                  April 1990 abduction of Mexican physician
                  Humberto Alvarez Machain. Alvarez had been
                  indicted in Los Angeles three months earlier on
                  charges that he was involved in the 1985
                  kidnapping and murder of U.S. DEA Agent Enrique
                  Camarena in Guadalajara.
                  The kidnapping occurred after the Mexican
                  government refused to extradite Alvarez, who was
                  later acquitted in the Camarena case. The decision
                  Tuesday means that Alvarez is entitled to recover a
                  limited amount of damages. The Justice
                  Department, however, is likely to appeal the ruling.
                  In an earlier case, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled
                  that Alvarez could be put on trial in the United
                  States despite the fact that he had been brought here
                  as a result of a kidnapping.
                  U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agents based in
Los Angeles,
                  using operatives in Mexico, orchestrated the
kidnapping. The agency
                  paid about $60,000 to several Mexicans who abducted
the doctor and
                  brought him to El Paso and then to Los Angeles,
according to testimony
                  by a DEA operative.
                  In 1992 a federal judge here acquitted Alvarez, who
was then permitted
                  to return to Mexico--after more than two years of
incarceration in the
                  United States. Several other men have been convicted
of involvement in
                  the federal drug agent's murder and sentenced to long
prison terms.
                  The ruling Tuesday was praised by Los Angeles civil
liberties lawyer
                  Paul Hoffman, who has represented the doctor for more
than a decade.
                  "We have been fighting for a U.S. court to rule that a
kidnapping like this
                  was a violation of international law," Hoffman said.
                  Justice Department attorney Robert Loeb said the
agency is considering
                  seeking a rehearing from a larger panel of 9th Circuit
judges or
                  appealing directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
                  Alvarez's kidnapping precipitated strained relations
between the United
                  States and Mexico and spawned considerable litigation.
                  The decision this week evolved from a federal damage
suit that Alvarez
                  filed in Los Angeles a year after he was acquitted on
the criminal
                  charges. Alvarez, now 53, sued the U.S. government;
DEA agents in Los
                  Angeles and Washington; Francisco Sosa, a former
Mexican policeman;
                  and five other Mexican nationals, all of whom are now
in the U.S.
                  witness protection program.
                  The case involves important and complicated issues
involving how far
                  the government can go in attempting to apprehend a
suspect abroad. On
                  most of the major issues, the appeals court ruled
against the United
                  States.
                  In one of the most significant parts of the decision,
the 9th Circuit
                  rejected the government's claim that as a sovereign
nation it was immune
                  from such a suit.
                  "The government admits that it knew of and acquiesced
in the plan to
                  kidnap Alvarez and bring him to the United States,"
Judge Alfred T.
                  Goodwin wrote in a decision joined by jurists Mary M.
Schroeder and
                  Samuel P. King.
                  "Sosa performed the search to assist the DEA agents.
Sosa had no
                  individual interest in kidnapping Alvarez other than
to curry favor with
                  the DEA agents in the hopes that they would reward
him. Therefore,
                  because Sosa acted merely as an agent or instrument
for 'law
                  enforcement officers,' the United States has waived
                  immunity," the appellate judges said.
                  These conclusions were praised by an attorney who
filed a
                  friend-of-the-court brief on behalf of several human
rights groups. "The
                  9th Circuit decision is significant because it
recognizes that international
                  law applies to the United States government," said
California Western
                  School of Law professor William J. Aceves.
                  The 9th Circuit also rejected the government's
argument that the DEA
                  has the power to implement U.S. law overseas even if
it overrides
                  international law.
                  "If this assertion [by the government] is an accurate
statement of United
                  States law, then it reinforces the critics of American
imperialism in the
                  international community," wrote Goodwin, an appointee
of President
                  Gerald Ford.
                  The court also ruled that "Alvarez's kidnapping
violated his right to
                  freedom of movement, to remain in his country and to
security in his
                  person, which are part of the 'law of nations.' "
                  Moreover, the court ruled, the United States is liable
under the Federal
                  Tort Claims Act for a "false arrest," the basic law
that permits a person
                  to file personal injury claims against the federal
government or its
                  agents.
                  The appeals court sent the case back to U.S. District
Judge Stephen V.
                  Wilson for a determination of the government's
monetary liability.
                  In earlier proceedings, Alvarez was awarded $25,000
against Sosa, a
                  ruling that Sosa appealed unsuccessfully. The 9th
Circuit upheld
                  Alvarez's right to recover against Sosa under the
Alien Tort Claims Act,
                  a law enacted in 1789 which permits a foreigner to sue
for damages in a
                  U.S. court.
                  Sosa's attorney, Charles S. Leeper of Washington,
D.C., said he was
                  disturbed by "the court's conclusion that Alvarez's
detention in Mexico
                  was arbitrary and unlawful and that he is entitled to
damages for that."
                  Leeper added, "We are especially troubled by the
court's conclusion that
                  U.S. law enforcement agents have to obtain a warrant
or permission
                  from foreign countries harboring fugitives or other
individuals for whom
                  warrants have been issued in the U.S."
                  The 9th Circuit upheld Wilson's ruling that Alvarez
can recover damages
                  only for the brief period--about 24 hours--that he was
detained in
                  Mexico, not for the 2 1/2 years he was in U.S.

@_date: 2001-10-12 17:24:39
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: Govt not accountable: Jewell libel suit against FBI denied 
Court Upholds Ruling in Jewell
               Suit                The Associated Press
               Thursday, Oct. 11, 2001; 5:56 a.m. EDT
               ATLANTA  The state Court of Appeals has upheld a
               judge's ruling that Richard Jewell was a public figure
               when a newspaper identified him as a suspect in the
               1996 bombing at Centennial Olympic Park.                The decision Wednesday was a setback for Jewell, who
               filed a libel suit against The Atlanta
               Journal-Constitution after the FBI cleared him of
               wrongdoing three months after the bombing.                The appeals court also threw out a lower court's order
               that reporters for the Journal-Constitution must identify
               their sources of information about Jewell.                Jewell, who was working as a park security guard
               during the 1996 Olympics, spotted the backpack that
               held the bomb that exploded on July 27, 1996, killing
               one woman and injuring 111 people.                While he was initially hailed as a hero for helping
               evacuate the park, he was later investigated by the FBI
               and identified as a suspect by the newspaper. The
               Justice Department cleared him three months later.                Jewell's lawyer, Lin Wood, said he would ask the
               Georgia Supreme Court and, if necessary, the U.S.
               Supreme Court to hear the case.                Jewell has settled similar lawsuits against ABC, NBC,
               CNN and Piedmont College, his former employer.

@_date: 2001-10-11 23:10:04
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: Jesus saves but Osama pays interest 
I thought the appearance of a tornado in Maryland (killing two)
shortly after the WTC/pentagon[1] fireworks was telling.  With the
background of gay plagues and the anoxia in the Gulf of Mexico... and the programmers calling "let my people go" about Dimitry... and darkness
falling over california...
But Jah could still be on our side.  He cleaned up the dotcom arrogance
for us...
though he left Larry Ellison alive.. perhaps to test us.
[1] Hey aren't wiccans into fivefold rotational symmetry??

@_date: 2001-10-11 16:40:56
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: Another Bin Laden Bird, with note about a failed '98 launch 
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - A secret satellite for the  National Reconnaissance Office rocketed into space amid  heightened security.
 Wednesday night's launch was the third in just over a month of a  classified NRO satellite, and had been scheduled long before the  Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
 For security reasons, the Air Force did not reveal the exact time of  Wednesday's launch until 1 1/2 hours before the 10:32 p.m. liftoff.
 No details about the satellite were given out. But Aviation Week &  Space Technology, a trade magazine, reported that the payload was  a data-relay satellite designed to transfer images and other  information from U.S. spy satellites to the CIA and the Defense  Department.
 "Our motto at the 45th Space Wing is, control of the battlefield starts  here," Air Force Maj. Michael Rein said from the Cape Canaveral  Air Force Station launch site.
 The satellite was hoisted into orbit by an Atlas rocket, made by  Lockheed Martin Corp.
xploded Satellite Was To Track Osama Bin Laden     CBS EVENING NEWS CBS TV     7:00 PM AUGUST 29, 1998     __________________________________________     PAULA ZAHN: America's justification for a strike on a pharmaceutical
plant in Sudan two weeks ago
    is now being questioned by some experts. U.S. officials have
revealed few details of the strike in
    retaliation for the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and
Tanzania. But the New York Times reports
    some statements have proved to be inaccurate or misleading. Such as,
the plant was apparently not a
    high-secret facility. The plant did produce commercial products,
including medicine. And alleged
    terrorist leader Osama Bin Laden's financial role in the plant was
apparently overstated. Still, U.S.
    officials say the target was the right one. And they say Bin Laden,
the exiled Saudi millionaire, poses a
    direct threat to the U.S. Tracking his activities has not been easy.
And Jim Stewart tells us, that effort
    recently met a major setback.     JIM STEWART: On the face of it, you'd think there was no connection
between those August 7th
    explosions at two U.S. embassies in east Africa and this explosion
one week later off the coast of Cape
    Canaveral, Florida. But private intelligence analysts now believe
that the spy satellite aboard that
    doomed Titan-4 missile was destined to listen in on the private
conversations of Osama Bin Laden. The
    very man believed responsible for the African bombings.     JAMES BAMFORD [Satellite Intelligence Expert]: It would have given
us a much better opportunity to
    eavesdrop on communications in that area of the world. Because that
satellite was designed to be
    placed over Africa. And one of its target areas would have been the
Middle East and Afghanistan.     STEWART: Analysts say Bin Laden, although he lived among
Afghanistan's revolutionary leaders in a
    rugged country, was particularly vulnerable to such eavesdropping.
He conducted much of his business
    using encrypted cell phones and fax machines over a private
satellite channel. Just the sort of
    communications the new Mercury spy satellite, with it's football
field-sized antenna, is designed to pick
    up.     JOHN PIKE [Satellite expert]: He can use couriers that can move
money around in bales of $100 bills.
    But at the end of the day, they're going to have to use some modern
communications technology, and we
    can track him when he does.     STEWART: Counter-terrorism experts at the C.I.A. and National
Reconnaissance Office have been
    pouring over Bin Laden intercepts from older satellites ever since
the World Trade Center bombing,
    when the arrest of the bomb maker in that case, Ramses Youseph, led
them straight back to Bin Laden.
    The man who bankrolled the whole thing. All of which explains why
finding Bin Laden and keeping up
    with his communications remains such a high priority. And why losing
that billion-dollar spy satellite
    two and a half weeks ago off Florida is causing such a major
headache for the U.S. intelligence
    community.     Jim Stewart, CBS News, Washington.  On Sept. 8, another Atlas rocket delivered an NRO satellite to orbit  from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Last week, a Titan IV  rocket launched another NRO satellite, also from Vandenberg.

@_date: 2001-10-11 00:18:58
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: CIA capturing Al-Zawahiri's women as instigation? 
This important arrest shows how much the anti Osama Bin
Laden device built by US is getting more and more efficient and
almost near the final capture of the terrorist responsible for
attacks of two years ago against the USA embassies in Kenya
and Tanzania.  Al-Zawahiri has been arrested in the United
Arab Emirates, which is one of few Arabic countries recognize
and support openly the afghan Talebani, the major supporters of
the terrorist sheik. Moreover, the American line to hit the Islamic
terrorism seems very dense and before to be captured in Dubai
Al-Zawahiri had tried to erase his traces between Pakistan,
Yemen (where the CIA had captured his women last
December), and the United Arab Emirates, instead, they have
been revealed fatal for his capture.

@_date: 2001-10-10 21:59:28
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: circular webs: bert & osama in undoctored photo 
the global terror links
                                     reach even as far as
              Sesame Street? Is Bert the Muppet a henchman
              of terrorist mastermind Usama bin Laden?
              The answer is clearly no, but puzzled newspaper
              readers are still wondering how the Sesame Street
              icon ended up in a news service photograph of a
              pro-bin Laden protest in Bangladesh. The pictures
              clearly showed demonstrators holding up a large
              poster in which bin Laden and Bert are standing next
              to each other.
              The picture quickly began making the e-mail rounds
              Wednesday morning, astonishing and provoking
              laughter from Los Angeles to Switzerland to South
              Korea.
              The poster is a collage of pictures of bin Laden in
              white robes, camouflage fatigues and lecturing with a
              microphone in his hand, all ringing a large portrait of
              the bearded Saudi exile. Along the bottom is printed
              "Usama." On the right side of the picture, just past
              the right shoulder of the large portrait, is irascible
              Bert, bosom buddy of Ernie.
              The photographs do not appear to have been
              doctored. They were taken by news photographers
              covering at least two different demonstrations from
              different angles on at least two separate days.
              The first known Bert-bin Laden posters appeared on
              Oct. 5 in Dhaka, and photographs of them were
              printed by the Dutch news service Algemeen
              Nederlands Persbureau and the Associated Press and
              Reuters news services. At least one other photograph
              including the posters was taken by Reuters
              photographer Rafiqur Rahman in Jakarta on Oct. 9.
              Reuters spokeswoman Felicia Cosby said the photos
              were authentic.
              "We've just noticed it
              ourselves, since you
              queried, that there is
              Bert on that poster," she
              said. "I don't know if
              they're mass-producing
              these posters, but what I
              can say is that it is
              definitely our policy not
              to doctor photographs."
              Associated Press
              spokesman Jack Stokes said the AP photographs
              were also untouched.
              "We haven't changed the photo at all," he said. "We
              have very strict editing guidelines."
              The AP photographs were taken by Pavel Rahman.
              Stokes said he did not know if Rahman was another
              name for, or related to, Rafiqur Rahman.
              Cosby said Rafiqur Rahman, a native Bangladeshi,
              did not know that he was photographing a Muppet
              when he covered a prayer demonstration for bin
              Laden's health Oct. 9.
              "The photographer is as bemused as we are," she
              said. "He didn't know what that furry creature was."
              Rahman is going to a local marketplace to hunt down
              more Bert-bin Laden posters Wednesday, Cosby
              said.               The creator of a parody Web site dedicated to "Evil
              Bert" said he had a theory about how an associate of
              Kermit the Frog, Big Bird and Snuffleupagus had
              been recruited into the Al Qaeda cause.               For several years, Dino Ignacio, 27, a San Francisco
              3-D animator, had been maintaining a humor Web
              site that purported to "prove" that the bad-tempered,
              banana-shaped Jim Henson creation was connected
              to evil causes from Hitler and the JFK assassination
              to the stolen Pamela Anderson sex tapes and Kevin
              Costner movies. But he stopped maintaining the site
              when he lost interest in 1998.
              A week after the World Trade Center and Pentagon
              attacks, someone e-mailed him an altered picture of
              bin Laden standing next to Bert wearing a trenchcoat
              and looking very angry. Ignacio didn't post the
              picture on his site out of respect for victims of the
              terror attack, but the picture began showing up on
              Bert fan sites and in other odd corners of the Internet.
              "What I'm thinking is that [someone there] has access
              to the Internet, got this picture to pop up off of Alta
              Vista or Google and put together this collage," he
              said.               Of course, the other explanation might be that Bert
              has finally ditched Ernie, canceled his account at Mr.
              Hooper's shop and taken his Kalashnikov to the other
              side of the war.               Sesame Workshop issued a statement saying it was
              very unhappy with the sudden connection between a
              lovable character with a penchant for penguins and
              bottlecaps and the most wanted man in the world.
              "Sesame Street has always stood for mutual respect
              and understanding," a spokeswoman said. "Were
              outraged that our characters would be used in this
              unfortunate and distasteful manner. This is not at all
              humorous.The people responsible for this should be
              ashamed of themselves. We are exploring all legal
              options to stop this abuse and any similar abuses in
              the future."
              When asked about Bert's current whereabouts,
              however, the spokeswoman replied: "No comment."
              Regardless of the explanation, Ignacio said he
              doesn't find his "Evil Bert" idea very funny right
              now.
              "It's weirding me out," he said. "It's like reality
              imitating the Web, but it's taking something that I did
              so much further. I don't want to get into this one
              because it's too real."
Got Osama?

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:51:09
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: dissing the US is hate speech in Kanada 
lenn Bohn and Kim Bolan
Vancouver Sun
                   Wednesday, October 10, 2001
                   A University of B.C. women's studies
                   professor who criticized U.S. foreign
                   policy has been accused of a hate crime --
                   publicly inciting hatred against
                   Americans.
                   An unidentified B.C. resident alleged Oct.
                   4 that assistant professor Sunera Thobani
                   violated the Criminal Code of Canada
                   during an Oct. 1 speech to a women's
                   conference in Ottawa, RCMP Corporal Michael
                   Labossiere of the B.C. hate crime unit said Tuesday.
                   Thobani, a former president of the National Action
                   Committee on the Status of Women, said in an
                   Tuesday she had not heard anything about the
                   and she is curious to know who made it.
                   "This is just pure harassment," she said. "They are
                   to silence dissent in this country."
                   Thobani said her speech was intended to explain how
                   U.S. foreign policy has affected life in many
countries of
                   the world.
                   "If you point to the factual record of U.S. foreign
                   you are now accused of spreading hate," she said. "It
                   really is unbelievable."
                   The RCMP's Labossiere wouldn't disclose any more
                   specifics about the complaint or the complainant. He
                   he forwarded the complaint to the hate crimes unit of
                   Ottawa-Carleton police force, which has jurisdiction
                   the area where the offence is alleged to have
                   Ottawa police Detective Frank Corkery, a member of
                   Ottawa's hate crime unit, wouldn't confirm whether
                   police there are investigating Thobani.
                   Corkery said police generally don't discuss ongoing
                   investigations or reveal the subject of an
                   until charges are laid and it becomes public
                   However, the detective added: "Any complaint made to
                   the hate crimes section is taken seriously and is
                   investigated on the substance of the complaint.
                   Labossiere, who last week reported bomb threats had
                   been made against Islamic mosques in Vancouver and
                   Surrey, said he went public with the complaint
                   Thobani to show that majority groups can potentially
                   targets too.
                   "Here we have a complaint against someone who is
                   obviously from a visible minority, whom the
                   feels is promoting hate," he said.
                   "Normally, people think it's a white supremist or
                   Caucasians, promoting hate against visible minorities
. . .
                   We want to get the message out that it's wrong, all
                   around."
                   Section 319 of the Criminal Code of Canada allows for
                   jail sentence of less than two years for anyone
                   of the "public incitement of hatred" against an
                   identifiable group of people, when the comments lead
                   a breach of the peace.
                   An "identifiable group" is defined as any section of
                   public distinguished by colour, race, religion or
                   origin.
                   However, the same section also provides some broadly
                   worded legal defences. For instance, no one can be
                   convicted "if the statements were relevant to any
                   of public interest, the discussion of which was for
                   public benefit, and if on reasonable grounds he
                   them to be true."
                   Murray Mollard, a lawyer and executive director of
                   B.C. Civil Liberties Association, said that, legally,
                   charge against Thobani would be an uphill battle for
                   prosecution.
                   Mollard also said the state shouldn't prosecute
                   who criticizes public policies in a democratic forum.
                   "This is absolutely the wrong thing to do," he said.
                   need to have an open debate about our response to
                   11."
                   Thobani received a standing ovation at the Women's
                   Resistance Conference in Ottawa after she argued that
                   U.S. government -- not international terrorists -- is
                   most dangerous global force, "unleashing prolific
                   of violence all over the world.
                   "From Chile to El Salvador, to Nicaragua to Iraq, the
                   path of U.S. foreign policy is soaked in blood," she
                   in comments that received front-page coverage in
                   Canada's daily newspapers, including The Vancouver
                   Sun.
                   Many Canadians said Thobani's speech was an ill-timed
                   and anti-American attack, while others accused the
                   mainstream news media of a McCarthy-style witch-hunt.
                   Thobani said Tuesday she has been stunned by the
                   reaction to her comments.
                   While she said she has received a lot of support, she
                   also been shocked by hateful e-mails and telephone
                   not just from within Canada, but from the United
                   "It is just unbelievable what it is like," Thobani
said. "I
                   am just getting sent all this porn and hate mail."
                   She said the past week has made the controversies
                   her term as president of the National Action
                   on the Status of Women "seem like a piece of cake."
                   But, she said she doesn't want to restrict her life
                   of the hate mail and threats, even though it has
                   her life and her job.
                   "I have security outside my class," Thobani said.
                   Convictions for public incitement of hatred are rare
                   Canada, but not unprecedented.
                   In 1982, Alberta public high school teacher Jim
                   was fired for teaching students that the Holocaust --
                   where millions of Jews died in Nazi concentration
                   -- was a fabrication of a "Jewish conspiracy" that
                   to destroy Christianity. The courts later convicted
                   Keegstra of promoting hatred and ordered him to do
                   hours of community service work.
                   In 1999, a Christian evangelist in Ontario was
                   of inciting hatred against Muslims in flyers he
                   and in a phone-line message. Mark Harding received a
                   three-month conditional sentence and was required to
                   perform more than 300 hours of voluntary service for
                   Islamic community.

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:48:56
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: compulsory youth education camps to synch hour of hate 
Tuesday October 9 5:28 PM ET Paige Urges Schools to Recite Pledge
WASHINGTON (AP) - If all goes as planned, many of the nation's 52
million students will
simultaneously recite the Pledge of Allegiance on Friday. On Tuesday, Education Secretary Rod Paige urged all 107,000 public and
private elementary and
secondary schools to take part in a campaign organized by the nonprofit
Celebration U.S.A. In a letter sent to principals, Paige noted that since the Sept. 11
terrorist attacks, Americans have
supported the victims, their families, rescue workers and the military. ``Today I ask students, teachers, parents and other proud Americans
across the country to join me in
showing our patriotism by reciting the Pledge of Allegiance at a single
time and with a unified voice,''
Paige wrote. ``We can send a loud and powerful message that will be
heard around the world: America is
`one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for
all.''' The pledge will be recited at 2 p.m. EDT on Oct. 12, and at the
corresponding times in the other U.S. time
zones. Paige will participate from a Washington-area school. Paige spokeswoman Lindsey Kozberg stressed that taking part in the
synchronized pledge recital is
voluntary. Villa Park, Calif.-based Celebration U.S.A., founded by a retired
teacher, distributes educational
materials to schools to help students learn about American democracy and
patriotism. The Pledge of Allegiance was first published in 1892, and has been
changed twice since - to substitute
``the flag of the United States of America'' for ``my flag'' in 1924 and
to add ``under God'' in 1954. It was
officially recognized by the U.S. government in 1942.

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:11:44
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: Your Blueprints, Sir? 
An arab asking for blueprints right now is on par with
Chekov's "take us to your nuclear vessels" line...
FBI monitoring suspicious
blueprint requests
                  WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The FBI is asking architects
                  and building engineers across the country to report
                  suspicious requests for building plans, especially for
                  federal buildings and projects, according to two
                  groups.                   Since Sept. 11, a number of design and engineering
                  have contacted their professional organizations about
                  or past "unusual" requests for blueprints. These
                  came both before and after the attacks.                   According to Phil Simon, a spokesman for the American
                  Institute of Architects, the requests included plans
                  structures such as airport terminals and towers,
                  office buildings, parking garages and museums.                   Simon would not characterize the
                  number of these requests but said the
                  subjects of the requests, and the
                  details asked for, raised some
                  concerns.                   The American Institute of Architects
                  and the National Society of
                  Professional Engineers reported their
                  concerns to the FBI. The groups then
                  sent a joint letter to their members,
                  saying "The FBI is advising us to
                  heighten our awareness."                   CNN Radio obtained a copy of that
                  letter, sent in the past few days,
                  asking architects and engineers to
                  notify the nearest FBI bureau field
                  office of any unusual requests.                   An AIA official said there may be
                  nothing sinister about the blueprint
                  requests. Often students ask for
                  blueprints as part of their studies.

@_date: 2001-10-09 22:57:21
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: Do not say where Mr. Happy Fun FBI Agent lives 
The FBI's Gore counters that Nasser, who was not arrested, crossed the
line. "He made a remark insinuating he knew where the agent lived,
which was taken as a threat and not well-received," Gore said.
"Sometimes-Hostile Scrutiny Difficult for San Diego's Muslim

@_date: 2001-10-10 00:08:24
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: Domestic Surveillance: stills from video 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please take the few moments required to
ensure materials submitted are readable.  KMSelf]
Still images can be derived from many video frames
with better resolution than you think.
    BOSTON -- Like so many Americans, Steve Hill was appalled when he
    saw newspaper reprints of two World Trade Center terrorists as they
    passed through airport security the morning of Sept. 11.
    The sight of Mohamed Atta and Waleed M. Alshehri as captured on a
    video camera in Portland, Maine, was shocking enough. But Hill had
    another, deeply visceral reaction.
    "Professional pride," he explained. "I saw these rotten-looking
    images in the newspaper, and thought, 'We can do better.' " So he
    called the Boston FBI and offered to install--for free--his
    company's software that clarifies visual images.  Salient Stills is
    a small start-up, and when shareholders and directors winced at
    about $20,000 worth of corporate altruism, Hill reminded them that,
    since the Sept. 11 attacks, Americans have opened their hearts and
    their pocketbooks. Hill figured Salient could at least pony up their
    pixels.
    "So many people in the country right now are feeling, 'I could go
    beat up those terrorists,' " Hill said. "It was sort of the same
    idea."
    The weapon the 10-person enterprise supplied the local FBI is a
    technique for clarifying moving images from videotape.  Reproduced
    as still photographs, video images tend to be grainy. Subtleties
    vanish. Facial features and details such as license plate imprints
    are hard to distinguish.
    "Many years ago"--in 1990, Laura Teodosio said--the challenge of
    transforming a moving medium into a still image with precise
    resolution became the subject of her master's thesis at MIT.
    Working at the university's famed Media Lab--where advanced
    technology finds practical applications--Teodosio developed a
    software system she called videoFOCUS. Its purpose was "temporal
    condensation," essentially squeezing a series of moving images into
    a legible print.
    Her signature effort was a glorious portrait of cellist Yo-Yo Ma,
    sawing away at a concert, yet absolutely still in Teodosio's
    finished image. She also produced a clear likeness of pitcher Roger
    Clemens with his legendary fastball streaming sequentially overhead.
    Neither endeavor seemed destined for widespread appreciation.
    "But as it turned out, there was a side effect," said Teodosio, 37.
    "We wound up getting video frames that were higher quality than the
    original."
    The 3-year-old company's name was taken from Teodosio's thesis,
    which posited that "you take the salient features from each frame"
    to create a more cohesive image.
    Newspapers were Salient's first target audience. Teodosio's product
    was born under the aegis of a group called "news and the future,"
    MIT techies seeking novel avenues to interact with news information.
    Though USA Today and the New York Times snapped up a Salient system
    that enhanced the translation of video images to still photos,
    others were uncomfortable because the process involves combining
    pixels--tiny dots that make up any image on film or videotape--from
    several sequential frames. The word "composite" strikes fear in the
    souls of media purists.
    But Salient CEO Hill, a 52-year-old former book publisher,
    persevered, noting that "every camera is moving, even if it is
    affixed to a tripod." His firm's technology--in use on a trial basis
    at the Los Angeles Times--captures common information from
    consecutive frames and "basically cleans up the dust," he said.
    From news environments Salient made an unexpected transition into
    the world of security, Hill said. Every day, he said, most Americans
    unknowingly are videotaped a dozen times or more. Video cameras whir
    at banks, rental car agencies, convenience stores and, of course,
    airports.
    But many mothers would not recognize their own children from the
    soupy images that result. The video cameras function mainly as
    deterrents, Hill said.
    Late in June, however, the video system in a Boston pharmacy
    recorded a prescription drug theft. The incident, one in a series of
    synthetic opiate robberies that have plagued the area in recent
    months, received wide attention. Hill contacted the Boston police
    and offered to help refine the blurry images of the man seen
    stealing OxyContin, a powerful painkiller.
    A spokesman for Police Commissioner Paul Evans confirmed that the
    department is using the Salient technology. Hill said his company
    also has sold the process to the Singapore defense force, and to the
    Carabinieri, Italy's paramilitary national police force.
    Boston FBI spokeswoman Gail Marcinkiewicz would not comment about
    whether the Salient technology is in use at headquarters here.
    But at Salient--a "little private company" valued at $12 million to
    $15 million--Hill said the decision to help what he playfully called
    "an unnamed federal agency" stemmed from President Bush's entreaty
    to all Americans to aid in the investigation of the attacks. That
    plea, Hill said, may have had special resonance in Boston, where
    terrorists boarded the two planes that crashed into the twin towers.
    "I definitely think we're feeling real guilt here," he said. "We let
    them through.  They were hanging around here. They figured it was
    easy pickings here, and they were right."
    The Portland airport security video is almost incidental to the
    investigation at this point, Hill said. Both terrorists are dead.
    "But they have a lot of different images of a lot of different
    things. There's a lot going on. I can say this: The federal agency
    is devoting an enormous amount of resources to this process."

@_date: 2001-10-09 23:37:41
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: Domestic Surveillance: stills from video 
Still images can be derived from many video frames
with better resolution than you think.
BOSTON -- Like so many Americans, Steve Hill was appalled when he saw newspaper reprints of two World Trade Center terrorists as they passed through airport security the morning of Sept. 11.
                                The sight of Mohamed Atta and Waleed                                 M. Alshehri as captured on a video                                 camera in Portland, Maine, was shocking                                 enough. But Hill had another, deeply                                 visceral reaction.
                                "Professional pride," he explained. "I                                 saw these rotten-looking images in the                                 newspaper, and thought, 'We can do                                 better.' " So he called the Boston FBI
and                                 offered to install--for free--his
company's                                 software that clarifies visual images.                                 Salient Stills is a small start-up, and                                 when shareholders and directors winced                                 at about $20,000 worth of corporate                                 altruism, Hill reminded them that, since                                 the Sept. 11 attacks, Americans have                                 opened their hearts and their                                 pocketbooks. Hill figured Salient could
at                                 least pony up their pixels.
                                "So many people in the country right now                                 are feeling, 'I could go beat up those                                 terrorists,' " Hill said. "It was sort
of the                                 same idea."
                                The weapon the 10-person enterprise                                 supplied the local FBI is a technique
for                                 clarifying moving images from videotape.                                 Reproduced as still photographs, video                                 images tend to be grainy. Subtleties                                 vanish. Facial features and details such
as                                 license plate imprints are hard to                                 distinguish.
                                "Many years ago"--in 1990, Laura                                 Teodosio said--the challenge of                                 transforming a moving medium into a
still                                 image with precise resolution became the                                 subject of her master's thesis at MIT.                                 Working at the university's famed Media                                 Lab--where advanced technology finds                                 practical applications--Teodosio                                 developed a software system she called                                 videoFOCUS. Its purpose was "temporal                                 condensation," essentially squeezing a                                 series of moving images into a legible                                 print.
                                Her signature effort was a glorious                                 portrait of cellist Yo-Yo Ma, sawing                                 away at a concert, yet absolutely still
in                                 Teodosio's finished image. She also                                 produced a clear likeness of pitcher                                 Roger Clemens with his legendary                                 fastball streaming sequentially
overhead.                                 Neither endeavor seemed destined for                                 widespread appreciation.
                                "But as it turned out, there was a side                                 effect," said Teodosio, 37. "We wound up                                 getting video frames that were higher                                 quality than the original."
                                The 3-year-old company's name was                                 taken from Teodosio's thesis, which                                 posited that "you take the salient
features                                 from each frame" to create a more                                 cohesive image.
                                Newspapers were Salient's first target                                 audience. Teodosio's product was born                                 under the aegis of a group called "news                                 and the future," MIT techies seeking
novel                                 avenues to interact with news                                 information.
                                Though USA Today and the New York                                 Times snapped up a Salient system that                                 enhanced the translation of video images                                 to still photos, others were
uncomfortable                                 because the process involves combining                                 pixels--tiny dots that make up any image                                 on film or videotape--from several                                 sequential frames. The word "composite"                                 strikes fear in the souls of media
                                But Salient CEO Hill, a 52-year-old                                 former book publisher, persevered,
noting                                 that "every camera is moving, even if it
is                                 affixed to a tripod." His firm's                                 technology--in use on a trial basis at
the                                 Los Angeles Times--captures common                                 information from consecutive frames and                                 "basically cleans up the dust," he said.
                                From news environments Salient made an                                 unexpected transition into the world of                                 security, Hill said. Every day, he said,                                 most Americans unknowingly are                                 videotaped a dozen times or more. Video                                 cameras whir at banks, rental car                                 agencies, convenience stores and, of                                 course, airports.
                                But many mothers would not recognize                                 their own children from the soupy images                                 that result. The video cameras function                                 mainly as deterrents, Hill said.
                                Late in June, however, the video system                                 in a Boston pharmacy recorded a                                 prescription drug theft. The incident,
one                                 in a series of synthetic opiate
robberies                                 that have plagued the area in recent                                 months, received wide attention. Hill                                 contacted the Boston police and offered                                 to help refine the blurry images of the
man                                 seen stealing OxyContin, a powerful                                 painkiller.
                                A spokesman for Police Commissioner                                 Paul Evans confirmed that the department                                 is using the Salient technology. Hill
said                                 his company also has sold the process to                                 the Singapore defense force, and to the                                 Carabinieri, Italy's paramilitary
national                                 police force.
                                Boston FBI spokeswoman Gail                                 Marcinkiewicz would not comment about                                 whether the Salient technology is in use
at                                 headquarters here.
                                But at Salient--a "little private
company"                                 valued at $12 million to $15
million--Hill                                 said the decision to help what he                                 playfully called "an unnamed federal                                 agency" stemmed from President Bush's                                 entreaty to all Americans to aid in the                                 investigation of the attacks. That plea,                                 Hill said, may have had special                                 resonance in Boston, where terrorists                                 boarded the two planes that crashed into                                 the twin towers.
                                "I definitely think we're feeling real
guilt                                 here," he said. "We let them through.
They                                 were hanging around here. They figured
it                                 was easy pickings here, and they were                                 right."
                                The Portland airport security video is                                 almost incidental to the investigation
at                                 this point, Hill said. Both terrorists
are                                 dead.
                                "But they have a lot of different images
of                                 a lot of different things. There's a lot                                 going on. I can say this: The federal                                 agency is devoting an enormous amount of                                 resources to this process."

@_date: 2001-10-09 23:50:40
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: There was a day when we would call it kidnapping, 
Story on US role in kidnapping Moslems, and how this may have motivated
Al Qaeda's blowback.  No mention of (since ruled illegal by US
courts) kidnapping of mexican physician by DEA goons.

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:15:09
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: CNN sucking Powell's dick 
Wednesday October 10 10:48 AM ET Terror Statement May Hold Secret Msg.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Secretary of State Colin Powell cautioned on Wednesday
that the statements
made by Osama bin Laden's terrorist organization and broadcast on
televisions around the world may
contain ``some kind of message.'' Powell said analysts were looking at the statements, including the one
made Tuesday by al-Qaida
spokesman Abu Ghaith praising the Sept. 11 terror attacks on the United
States and warning there would
be more. The secretary of state, appearing on CNN, also thanked the network for
limiting its broadcast of the
statements. ``I think it's responsible on the part of CNN to shade that a little bit
so that we don`t have it coming full
force at us and with the potential of perhaps conveying some kind of
message,'' he said. CNN did not immediately return phone calls seeking comment about what
exactly they will air in the
future.

@_date: 2001-10-12 00:04:05
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: American IRA website terrorized by FBI, closed on threats 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please ensure that materials posted are
readable.  KMSelf]
(Its started, gentlemen.  This is Bush gratifying Blair now, using
the Bill of Rights -now useless- to mop up the wetness.)
    Staff and agencies
    Thursday October 11, 2001     An American web site accused of supporting the Real IRA has been
    shut down at the request of the FBI as it cracks down on terrorist
    groups, it emerged today.
    The New York-based web site - iraradio.com - contained an archive of
    weekly radio programmes said to back the dissident republicans.
    Travis Towle, the owner, today claimed that the FBI asked his
    internet service provider to stop giving web space to the site or
    face having its assets seized as a backer of terrorism.     "They just yanked us," Mr Towle told the New York Daily News.
    "I think what is going on is being done out of fear."
    John McDonagh, a native of Queens, New York, said that his show -
    broadcast every Saturday afternoon - would go on. He claimed IRA
    stood for Irish Republican Activist and denied he had any connection
    to the Real IRA.
    "If I was running a Taliban web site 15 years ago, I would be
    considered a patriot helping the American cause," he added
    "Today, I would be considered a traitor. It is getting to be
    difficult to predict who the government is going to call a
    terrorist."
    Despite Mr McDonagh's claim that he would go on broadcasting, a
    statement on the web site said Mr Towle's Cosmic Entertainment Group
    had shut it down.
    "In light of the foregoing and the recent tragic events in the
    United States, the Cosmic Entertainment company board of advisers
    has deemed it advisable and in the best interests of the company to
    temporarily shut down the iraradio.com web site until the turbulence
    and uncertainty facing our nation has decreased."
    The FBI refused to comment on the shut down for security reasons.
    The Real IRA is banned from raising funds in America and anyone
    found giving them cash can be prosecuted and jailed.     It is one of a series of organisations designated as a terror group,
    on a list that also includes Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida network and
    Hezbollah.

@_date: 2001-10-11 23:16:23
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: American IRA website terrorized by FBI, closed on threats 
(Its started, gentlemen.  This is Bush gratifying Blair now, using
the Bill of Rights -now useless- to mop up the wetness.)
Staff and agencies
Thursday October 11, 2001 An American web site accused of
supporting the Real IRA has been
shut down at the request of the FBI
as it cracks down on terrorist
groups, it emerged today.
The New York-based web site -
iraradio.com - contained an archive
of weekly radio programmes said
to back the dissident republicans.
                                                 Travis Towle, the
owner, today
                                                 claimed that the FBI
asked his
                                                 internet service
provider to stop
                                                 giving web space to the
site or face
                                                 having its assets
seized as a
                                                 backer of terrorism.                                                  "They just yanked us,"
Mr Towle
                                                 told the New York Daily
                                                 "I think what is going
on is being
                                                 done out of fear."
                                                 John McDonagh, a native
                                                 Queens, New York, said
that his
                                                 show - broadcast every
                                                 afternoon - would go
on. He
                                                 claimed IRA stood for
                                                 Republican Activist and
denied he
                                                 had any connection to
the Real IRA.
                                                 "If I was running a
Taliban web site
                                                 15 years ago, I would
                                                 considered a patriot
helping the
                                                 American cause," he
                                                 "Today, I would be
considered a
                                                 traitor. It is getting
to be difficult to
                                                 predict who the
government is
                                                 going to call a
                                                 Despite Mr McDonagh's
claim that
                                                 he would go on
broadcasting, a
                                                 statement on the web
site said Mr
                                                 Towle's Cosmic
                                                 Group had shut it down.
                                                 "In light of the
foregoing and the
                                                 recent tragic events in
the United
                                                 States, the Cosmic
                                                 company board of
advisers has
                                                 deemed it advisable and
in the
                                                 best interests of the
company to
                                                 temporarily shut down
                                                 iraradio.com web site
until the
                                                 turbulence and
uncertainty facing
                                                 our nation has
                                                 The FBI refused to
comment on the
                                                 shut down for security
                                                 The Real IRA is banned
                                                 raising funds in
America and
                                                 anyone found giving
them cash can
                                                 be prosecuted and
jailed.                                                  It is one of a series
                                                 organisations
designated as a
                                                 terror group, on a list
that also
                                                 includes Osama bin
                                                 al-Qaida network and

@_date: 2001-10-11 23:21:48
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: skyfall, sheepdip, fanshit 
Declan writes in "
"Just what did the FBI mean by inserting the word "skyfall" into a
description of a press release? Was it a reference to the 1970s-era
disaster novel entitled Skyfall, or a hint that the bureau was
remembering the children's tale in which Chicken Little warned of
calamity -- but was not believed? "
It could also be a code word they inserted to as a clandestine
communication.  You know, WWII "if you're really with the Brits, have the BBC newlady say 'foosball' on tonight's show"
Anyway, 'skyfall' will be replaced with 'sheepdip' soon...

@_date: 2001-10-12 18:47:46
@_author: Dynamite Bob 
@_subject: some good news: fed disarmer shot dead 
Federal Prosecutor, a         Prominent Gun-Control       Advocate, Shot to Death in              Seattle Home
      By Peggy AndersenAssociated Press Writer
                Published: Oct 12, 2001
     SEATTLE (AP) - A federal prosecutor who headed a  prominent gun control group in his spare time was shot in his home  and died early Friday.
 Thomas C. Wales, 49, died about 1:15 a.m. Friday at Harborview  Medical Center. He had been shot in the neck and the side late  Thursday, a hospital spokeswoman said.
 Details about the shooting were sketchy. No arrests had been made,  police spokesman Mark Jamieson said.
 Wales was a member of the fraud unit in the U.S. attorney's office  here, specializing in prosecution of banking and business crime,  spokesman Lawrence Lincoln said.
 He also was board president of Seattle-based Washington  Ceasefire, a gun-control group.
 "The death of Tom Wales is a terrible loss to our movement," said a  statement from Michael T. Barnes, president of the Washington,  D.C.-based Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence. "Although we  do not yet know the motives for the shooting, we are angered by the  murder of this true visionary."
 Federal agencies were assisting Seattle police in the investigation.  Officials with the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and  Firearms declined to comment.
 According to The Seattle Times, neighbors in the wealthy Queen  Anne Hill neighborhood reported hearing shots shortly before 11  p.m. Thursday.
 Neighbor Tom Olsby said Wales' wife, Elizabeth, a former Seattle  School Board member, was away visiting family in New England.
 On Sept. 30, Washington Ceasefire planted thousands of daffodils in  a popular city park in remembrance of people who had died from  gun violence.
