
@_date: 2003-08-21 22:29:16
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: Popular Net anonymity service back-doored 
Why stop at anonymity software? What about all software?
So, then, if I gave you free code which was trojanized for my own
interests, you deserve to be trojanized?
I fail to see the reasoning behind this.
Perhaps, in your isolating anonymity software from all other types of
software you have come up with this conclusion. But, that is an
artificial wall, so I do not see why that should even be considered.
In fact, this is a bit like me going around and beating people up and
then saying, "What a fool you are, you should have been working out two
hours a day every other day like I do".
Who reasons like this?
Look, if you don't want to condemn these actions, great. You have a
right to do that. Just be sure and don't condemn anyone if you ever run
their software and get trojanized because you did not bother to
carefully examine the source. As for me, I will condemn this thing, as I would not do it to someone
else, and I would not like it to be done to me... Regardless of the type
of software it is.
What other software has the German police trojanized? Is it just this?

@_date: 2003-08-21 20:16:55
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: Popular Net anonymity service back-doored 
Conscience wise, their only absolution I could see is if one of them
leaked this information to the Usenet under an assumed name. If I was in
this situation, I would do that. Maybe they did. Otherwise, they should
have spoken up and risked jail. How can you so deceive people otherwise?
Patriotism or the cause has nothing to do with it. If the government
wants to hack their criminals, let them find their own security holes.
If they want to tap their own wires, let them work this out with their
own people. But, if they want to trojanize software secretly, software
which has an international userbase... This is illegal outside of their
own nation.
German police have no jurisdiction in the US, for instance, just as the
US police have no jurisdiction in Germany -- apart from whatever
agreement Germany has made with the US regarding post-WWII treaties or
whatever. Still, I do not think anyone would be pleased if it was found that the
NSA backdoored a US product. How much moreso of a problem would this be
if local police backdoored a system such as this anonymity system?
This kind of crime sends a message to would be hackers. It says that it
is okay to hack if the end is justified. Hackers, you may not have
jurisdiction in Germany, but if you are hacking pedophiles or Neo-Nazis,
they are law breakers, so your means must be okay. Do people really want
this? Can anyone really be trusted with this? Wouldn't they hit the
wrong people and make all sorts of bad mistakes for which they would not
be held accountable for?

@_date: 2003-08-29 18:48:23
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Hash: SHA1
Apparently, this entire email is from someone that wants to argue over the definition of the word "government" here. They take offense at me saying "the German Government did this", though they have no problem saying, "The US government did that".
Regardless, I stand by my statement, above, which is exceedingly simple. (And, this statement does not even mention "German", nor "US".)
Case in point.
Cool. Just like what the US does. Lotsa of programs like that.
Case in point.
Costa, I do not condemn people that use the word "government" vaguely. There is no reason to. You do condemn people that do this. Yet, you do this yourself. Why be a hypocrite over a rule which is so meaningless that you had to make it up?
That is a rhetorical question. I do not need your "answer".
Your replies were ludicrous and hypocritical. Even if I bothered defending myself, I would be defending mostly things I did not say.
If you want to foam at the mouth on these issues I would suggest alt.hate.USA or something, rather than here.
And, yeah, under an assumed name, I have released an anonymizing agent, and that was why I posted on this issue. I did not do it because of anti-German prejudice. In fact, my same group has also released an application by a German developer. My concern, though it may have sounded nationalistic, was not. But, I have already said this, and will not again.
Any further emails will be plonked. Maybe you can post on something regarding security.
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-28 00:09:29
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Hash: SHA1
I did not imply that it would. But, rather, I was noting that it is important to have laws to prevent these kinds of things. Without the law there is no condemnation. I do not believe this was a hidden implication in what I was saying, as otherwise this statement would have been entirely out of context.
Yes, yes, and? Great. Again, write a book, but you entirely missed my argument. You aren't even arguing against me unless you want to say that it should not be made illegal to trojanize software.
Yes, it has been.
Yeah, whatever, you really don't see that you have entirely avoided the entire context of the argument in order to spout some nonsense which is available on fifty thousand websites? Really. Start a new thread if you want to moan about the horrors of intelligence agencies.
For all of this, and I said outloud: "I don't care if they hack pedophile or terrorist suspects" -- and no one catches me on that? That, at least, I would bother to defend because it was something I was actually saying.
This stuff I am merely replying to because it is bewildering that the topic could get so far removed just because the subject of America was introduced.
Regardless, none of these opinions are new or deep. In fact, they are standard. They are not innovative or insightful... They are deeply banal, common place, as common place as AOL. I think I went through this same phase myself -- before I had acne.
'Watching Enemy of the State' on acid can probably do it to you, too.
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-27 20:50:55
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Hash: SHA1
Don't be a smart ass. Your arguments have nothing to do with the argument at hand which is quite simple: Governments should have no right to force developers to trojanize their applications and keep silent about it.
I further added... Which probably brought the most valid contention... That it is illegal for nations to do this when they know these applications will be downloaded by people from other nations.
There have been some notes come out of this:
1> Germany has now removed this legal action, which is great
2> They intended to only watch traffic to a single German server, so this makes it far less severe then it may have been
3> The developers may not have been so forced into doing this, as much as willing -- I rather doubt this, especially since the order was rescinded, but their culpability does factor into this
4> I, personally, admit I would not care if they did this for a very serious reason such as for pedophiles or terrorists... I think a lot of people outraged would have to agree with this... However, I am sure a lot would not
As for the US government, this is utterly unimportant. I was playing around even to begin to mess with that. Yes, I am unaware of the US actively trojanizing applications by forcing the developers to do this. So are you. This is illegal. You wouldn't like it if it was the US doing this. So, what are your real motives here?
I love being called naïve by teenagers that have never even seen a dead body.
You think for some reason that I am opposed to intelligence actions by the US? I am not even opposed to Germany if they did this because it was against terrorists or pedophiles.
You are the one quite naïve if you believe your nation can exist free without an intelligence agency.
Regardless, the existence of intelligence agencies is entirely a different matter. What errors these agencies may have done in the past - US or German - is entirely irrelevant.
Each matter must be taken at a time. Apples give no insight into oranges.
Yeah, a lot of great American sites like this. In fact, I bet you know a lot more about the US intelligence then you do about Portugese.
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-26 00:37:09
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Hash: SHA1
Graci. Further, their comments on the Usenet are here:
Here is the guy that went through the code and discovered this, which elicted a response, apparently:
Odd how quick their response is. 2600 is a massive group full of sporge and spam and crap.
Yes, I appreciate this, and this is why I am motivated here, because I have authored some anonymizing applications under my offline nick... And I belong to an organization which does this.
But, the implications for this kind of thing are far reaching. My primary concern is that you will have serious dissidents using these systems, the "legitimate" users. These individuals may be a thorn in the side of their respective governments. They may be targetting through one of these systems, if they could bribe someone. If law enforcement takes over these systems secretly, then the whole chance for bribery is not out there and their network becomes ruined -- finished.
People could get killed. Families could get kidnapped and ransomed. Family members could get tortured to death. I hate to present such scenarios, but this is what we are talking about when we are discussing these systems and the potential for legitimate users to use them.
But, I am not naïve. While I believe most people using these systems are just the paranoid, there will be a lot of people doing truly horrible things through these systems. This presents a huge attraction for the police of many nations. Maybe some of these individuals could even help them save far more lives. But, if you already know someone is this much of a suspect, you can hack their system. Why trojanize an application secretly to get them when you can just surveil them personally?
It is difficult to tap "everyone" at the ISP level. That is a lot of juice coming through the wires.
Last I read, this was not the case. I hear rumors to the contrary here, but I do not see evidence to the contrary. Regardless, I do not think the government has no right to tap their own wires. I said as much for Germany. They have a right to tap their own wires. What those rights are, this is an internal matter I am not interested in. Hopefully, Germans, as US, will oppose such matters.
The opposition for carnivore doing more than it has claimed has been an issue of the utmost national interest, an issue handled within Congress, no less, if I recall. In US, any personal or non-criminal related phone conversation may not be listened to. They time everything, and if there is no criminal related conversation, they switch off for a few minutes, then check back in.
I think, though, your argument is correct. Actually, I would guess this is how the judge saw it, rather than understanding it more as it is.
That, actually, is a good point. I am not opposed to this kind of model. Who would be that in anyway cares about security as opposed to crime?
Indeed, I should be entirely fair and note that this is what the case was. It remains theoritical only that they might have gone further than this. But, as they were just looking for contact to a single url... And this url may have been some heinous site... Maybe they did have a right to do this, if this is all they did do.
Maybe the individual or group of individuals they were looking for... Maybe they threatened some lives here.
I do not disagree with this, though I still find the method abhorrent. You need to tap someone, hack their system. Don't do something like this. If this was not a case of utmost emergancy or where it could save lives, my anger would continue.
I don't agree that trust was misplaced. I don't think ordinary users should have to deal with this. There must be a rigid code of honor. People should be tested on these matters.
I never trust anyone, but it helps that I never break the law.
It is corrupt officers which is exactly my fear about this matter.
This is all possibly true and would make the system less abhorrent, of course.
But, regardless, I do not believe developers should be forced to trojanize their code - ever - unless it will save the world from nuclear armageddon. My impression, however, is that this was for some petty crime.
It is very possible I was entirely misled and that they were not forced to do this. If this is the case, this is good, though their statements and actions I have seen have implied they have been.
Paranoia is an American icon.
I think it is justified to use zero day to hack an user's site, depending on the seriousness of the crime. Let's be real, there are some seriously bad people out there. But, I think that the tendancy to throw out a wide net like cops often do here is sheer incompetence and laziness. Such things may seem to work for a bit, but for how much longer? And, it just shows how they don't know how to hack in the first place. They are cops, they don't know this? Hackers know this, why don't they? Some may think I am anti-crime, in this regards, I could not be stronger for crime. It is just that you have to do it right. It is a massive difficulty to deal with these things, I understand that. But, you have to really try to play right. If, it is true, that they were desperately trying to get someone very dangerous in this... If it is true that they were doing an one shot deal... If this move would have saved lives... I would not be against it. Who would? But, I will admit this, and it is good of you to note this may be the possibility.
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-25 17:25:51
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Hash: SHA1
Carnivore is supposed to only tap suspects, not everyone. Carnivore captures on the addresses and subject lines of emails, not even the content.
You compare this to the German police forcing German developers to secretly trojanize German software.
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-22 21:13:30
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Hash: SHA1
In the US, criminals - not citizens - may be wiretapped at the ISP level. As far as I recall, they are generally tapped at the system level. That way they don't have to worry about - for instance - PGP passwords. But, in the US, even criminals have rights against their non-criminal activity being wiretapped. Tappers have to turn their wires off when they discuss non-criminal activity for a set amount of minutes.
Recourse against these kinds of things may found in popular cryptographic and anonymizing software. But, this recourse is now a dead end if it comes from Germany. Again, I am not bashing Germany, nor Germans. I just disagree that States should be able to trojanize applications and force the developers to keep silent about this. I do not care if it is Germany doing this or Romania. Who is the culpable party is unimportant.
If certain members of the US government felt this kind of activity was okay, I would be opposed to this. There is no shame in being critical of one's own government, nor of anyone else's... As long as that criticism is based on fact and inspired by pure motives.
Lastly, if this was not clear, innocent citizens are not criminals. Innocent citizens should not be tapped. In some nations they are allowed to be tapped. This is not the case in the US. Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-22 19:10:07
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Hash: SHA1
Oh, yes, I forgot.
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-22 19:07:24
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Hash: SHA1
This issue simply can not be defended. There is no way to defend this action of the German police. We can move the topic to other things, but ultimately, this action can not be defended.
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-22 18:47:05
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Hash: SHA1
The US really has absolutely nothing to do with this... Anymore than Sudan does, or Indonesia.
If the US forces developers to trojanize their applications, and then be silent about it... Then, yes, let's condemn that. But, they don't. Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-21 19:49:39
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
I haven't had any problem issuing security advisories. What is this in
reference to?
Pointing the finger elsewhere does not excuse the fact that the German
State has trojanized a popular application which was open to the world
to download. And, indeed, the world did download.
Here are some things I do not care if Germany does:
 - I don't care if they listen to their own wires
 - I don't care if they hack into their own criminals systems
 - I do not care if they use zero day to do this
 - I do not even care if they hack into criminals systems in other
countries if they have some jurisdiction in this and are working with
other authorities. For instance, if they were hacking into terrorist
networks which spanned across the world and were sharing this
information, I would not care.
A German cop has no jurisdiction over me. He has no jurisdiction over
anyone outside of Germany.
This is the same for every country.
This does not absolve them, nothing you can say absolves them. I realize
you have some patriotism here and are speaking from this... But, I also
know you do not want the US government to backdoor US applications from
US companies without telling you.
I know this to be true.
That is an empty argument not worth going into.
This also is an empty argument.
Basically, you are saying if it is discovered the NSA has a backdoor in
Windows, that this is okay and no one has a right to complain, even if
they are outside of the US.
I doubt this would be your case in this situation.
I am sure many could say, "Well, this situation is different". No, it is not. Let's be honest here.
My country has not installed a trojan on my system, to my own knowledge,
all rumors and speculation aside.
They have not hacked into my system.
As to what wires they listen to, if they listen to their own, that is
their business. We have encyption software. If they listen to other
people's wires, that is outside of their domain, then yes, this should
be illegal. But, is it proven? Does it remove the fact that there are a
host of privacy and anonymity tools which we can use?
But, Germany has decided that people don't have a right to use these
tools. They have not tried to do even the honorable thing and break
these things - which is illegal - but they have secretly trojanized the
You want me to applaud this?
Maybe your nation has just given my own nation some new ideas.
Did you help stop this trend?
I won't even go into that. I do not know what they do there, but their
rights have been worked out with the German government. If you have an
issue with that, you need to take that up with their government. If my government allowed German police to trojanize an application I ran
and my government covered this up... I would be furious at my government
first, and at Germany second.
But, none of this is dealing with the matter at hand. These arguments
are all a distraction.
I have not intended to offend your patriotic sensibilities. My apologies
in this regard.
My statements stand for whatever country might do such a thing, my own
With some reflection, I realize this was done out of incompetence rather
than out of understanding. I know this. I know it was ignorance, not
maliciousness, which inspired this. That, is, I guess it is.
It is true, someone that does wrong knowingly is much more guilty then
someone that does wrong in ignorance. But, it is also true that they are
both still guilty.
I hope that you may bring yourself to condemn this action of your
government. I hope that you may see it is not something to excuse. For
by excusing this, surely, you excuse the same from countries you do not
hold allegiance to.
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-21 18:42:43
@_author: "Drew Copley" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Why is the state of Germany trojanizing applications which may be run by
anyone on the planet? How is it they believe they have a right to trojanize someone outside of
Germany? This is blatantly illegal in just about every country outside of
Germany.  Literally. Are they trying to set a precedent for other countries to follow?
Or, do they believe they are superior to other countries, and they may
invade at will?
We know this because the JAP operators immediately warned users that
their IP traffic might be going straight to Big Brother, right? Wrong.
After taking the service down for a few days with the explanation that
the interruption was "due to a hardware failure", the operators then
required users to install an "upgraded version" (ie. a back-doored
version) of the app to continue using the service. "As soon as our service works again, an obligatory update (version
00.02.001) [will be] needed by all users," the public was told. Not a
word about Feds or back doors. Fortunately, a nosey troublemaker had a look at the 'upgrade' and
noticed some unusual business in it, such as: "CAMsg::printMsg(LOG_INFO,"Loading Crime Detection Data....\n");" "CAMsg::printMsg(LOG_CRIT,"Crime detected - ID: %u - Content: \n%s\n",id,crimeBuff,payLen);" and posted it to alt.2600. they aren't under a gag. Read it and weep.
