
@_date: 2005-02-06 15:19:53
@_author: ddkrieectifo@telepacific.net 
@_subject: Featured profile running at the right time 
Vxkpat,Ti
Bio-Matrix Scientific Gr0up, Inc.
Symbol: BMXG.PK
Industry: Biotechnology; Stem Cell Technologies.
Current Price: .85
Shares Out.: 8.0 Million
Est. Float: 2.5 Million
Projected Valuation: 3.50 per share
Bio-Matrix Scientific- Banking on Stem Cell Research.
BMXG is a stem cell-oriented biotechnology R&D firm, which is opening two innovative AdultStem cell cryogenic banks.  Cryobanks will provide near-term revenue stream while BMXG develops new and innovative stem cell technologies and products.
The Stem Cell Revolution:
With breakthroughs in the late 1990's, stem cell research has been one of the most exciting developments in biotechnology, promising to aid in the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases, including leukemia, cancer, and diabetes.  Scientists say stem cells are the future of medical science, offering potential cures to a host of diseases and degenerative conditions.  Market research firm, visiongain has estimated that stem cell products will account for over 10 billion in
annual sales by 2013- phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist only a few years ago.  One of the most significant, near-term commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use of
stem cells for bone marrow transplant.  Increasingly, individuals are choosing to store their own stem cells in cryogenic banks for future use in fighting disease.  A new industry of cord blood banks and specialized transplant clinics has already risen to meet this demand, and successful technology could meet the annual need for over 150,000 operations. Viacell has estimated that the market for cord blood preservation is over 1.2 billion in the US, and 2 billion globally.
For our most recent Active Trader's profile, we have discovered a small rapidly emerging company that is quickly becoming a major player in the stem cell revolution, Bio-Matrix Scientific.
About the Company: BMXG
Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp., Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets: BMXG) is an innovative biotechnology R&D company, focused on the commercialization of
new and groundbreaking stem cell technologies.  The Company has focused its initial efforts on the launch of an innovative AdultCryogenic stem cell bank which will store stem cell tissues for use in treatment of future diseases and ailments.  The Company plans to launch its initial cryogenic stem cell facilities in mid-2005, and is additionally exploring opportunities for commercialization of new technologies in tissue management, stem cell research instrumentation, and bio-systems monitoring.
With impending establishment of an AdultStem cell cryobank, research efforts at the forefront of the stem cell market, and experienced
management team, we expect Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp. to emerge as the newest and most dynamic player in the explosive stem cell research market.
Investment Highlights:
BMXG is exceptionally well positioned at the forefront of one of the most exciting new frontiers in biotech- stem cell research.  While stem cell therapy is still a new concept, expectations are high with research firm visiongain estimating that stem cell product revenues will exceed 10 billion by 2013.  Recently, California voters approved Proposition 71, a landmark piece of legislation that provides 3 billion in stem cell funding over the next decade.
With its initial focus on the establishment of stem cell cryogenic stem cell storage facilities, BMXG is well situated in a growing and commercially successful market.  There are more than 10 major cord blood
banks in the world, preserving cells from more than 35,000 donors.  Viacell has estimated that this market is 1.2 billion in the US and over 2 billion worldwide.  As the public understanding of stem cell benefits improves, we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth.  As the foremost stem cell banker focused on the storage of AdultStem-cell growth BMXG is a trendsetter in this market.
BMXG is making aggressive entry into the stem cell instrumentation market with development of new medical devices specifically designed to facilitate the removal and transplant of stem cells.  The Company is in the process of securing patent protection for its intellectual properties, and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for BMXG
going The Company benefits from a surprisingly strong (for a Pink Sheets Company) and experienced management team, who have combined financial acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model for growth in the stem cell market.  The Company's senior management team, helmed by David Koos, PhD, has extensive experience in capital financing and public company management, while its research efforts under Dr. Philip Watts (PhD- Caltech) are involved in the newest academic research into stem cell.
Investment Conclusion: Projected Valuation: 3.50 per share
Wall Street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem cell research and stem cell stocks are outperforming all of the major biotech indices.  Leading stem cell research companies such as StemCells, Inc. (STEM), Aastrom Biosciences (ASTR), and Cryo-Cell (CCEL) have witnessed average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230%! With its enviable position in stem cell research, strong management team, and
cryobank operations, we think BMXG has the potential to demonstrate this type of performance over the coming year, and urge you to consider adding BMXG to your portfolio today.
Good Luck and Successful Trading.
This publication is an independent publication with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitable investment decisions. This publication does not provide an analysis of the Companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or sell securities Investing in securities is speculative and carries risk. It is advisable that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial statements of the company. The information in this report is believed to be reliable, but its accuracy cannot be assured. Past performance does not
insure similar future results. This is not purported to be a complete and thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete review of the Company's regulatory filings at secgov The information herein contains future looking statements and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements. Future looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects, foresee, expects, will, anticipates, estimates, believes, understands, or that by statements indicating certain actions may, could, or might occur. The publisher discloses the receipt of six thousand dollars from a third party, not an officer, director, or affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication. All factual information in this report was gathered from public sources, including but not limited to Company Web sites, SEC filings and Company Press Releases. This information is believed to be reliable but can make no absolute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness. As with many microcap stocks, todays company has additional risk factors worth noting. Those factors may include an accumulated deficit since its inception, a negative net worth, reliance on loans from officers, directors and a majority shareholder to pay expenses, nominal cash and the need to raise capital. The company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor. Use of the material within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this closing statement.
If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been  wrongfully placed in our l i s t, please Go Here  Stdlo,Tqo
