
@_date: 2005-02-22 12:29:24
@_author: ddkrieeturitly@swatvalley.com 
@_subject: Analyst delivers best market play report 
Nfiv,Hpnawg
GEEC  GEEC  GEEC  GEEC  GEEC
Global Environmental Energy Corp. (OTC-BB: GEEC)
Shares Outstanding : 35 million
Approx. Float : 9 million
30 Day Target : 6.25
6 Month Price Projection : 15.00
Recent News and Major Share-Price Driving Milestones:
GEEC just announced a 10 Billion, 5-year joint venture with several companies operated by the Chinese Government.
GEEC uses their Biosphere Process System to convert various types of waste into clean, "green" electricity at 5 to 10 mega-watts per hour.
GEEC Chairman, former Prime Minister of Ireland Dr. Albert Reynolds, has secured a 2 Billion LineOfCredit for GEEC and opened doors in over a dozen countries through political contacts at the highest level.
GEEC is CBS Marketwatch.com's  Best Performer in the DJ Diversified Industrials Index in the last 3 months. This Dow Jones Index also contains 3M, GE, and Honeywell.
Conservative estimates value the company at One Billion.
Solving a Dual Crisis - Waste and Energy
GEEC is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their Biosphere Process System for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour, making a major impact on the global waste problem. This profitable and environmentally safe process converts into
clean, "green" electricity such waste materials as Municipal Solid Waste, agricultural wastes, forestry wastes, medical wastes, industrial wastes, sewage sludge, shale oil, sour natural gas, and the huge market of used GEEC generates 5 to 10 mega-watts per hour of electricity from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to replenish the local or national grid.
China's Aggressive Pursuit of GEEC makes 2005 a "Blue-Chip" Year
GEEC just announced a 10 Billion, 5-year joint venture with Chinese Government-operated companies, including Yanzhou Coal Mining (NYSE - YZC, 74.00). The deal is structured to have 1,300 GEEC Biosphere Systems deployed throughout China to fulfill a need for waste disposal and energy generation, two critical areas for a country with a population exceeding 1.3 billion people. As China's rapid economic advance continues,
a shortfall of 500 million kilowatts exists annually, prompting periodic blackouts in all Chinese Provinces. GEEC is in line to gain substantially while providing relief from unmanageable Municpal Solid Waste disposal and simultaneously helping China meet its energy needs.
Future Milestones:
1.	GEEC had a 100 Million backlog of sales orders for the Biosphere before the China joint-venture with 26 completed Biospheres in operation. The backlog is now into the Billions with complete financing to be provided by China and 1,300 Biospheres to be deployed throughout the 2.	GEEC's present assets of 35 Million will conservatively jump into the 300 Million range, a 10-times increasee.
3.	GEEC is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major international projects which could add 50 Million to the bottom-line or
1.42 per share.
4.	P/E on average for this Industry Gr0up is 20 to 1 putting GEEC above the 13.00 range without any future business expansion.
5.	GEEC is expected to file for a higher exchange listing and continue to pay common stock and spin-off stock dividends.
Worldwide Market Potential 15 to 25 Billion over next 5 years with no other known company that can match their technology, leadership, or explosive sales growth.
Up until now GEEC has been one of Wall Street's best kept secrets, yet now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the release of this new Investor Awareness Campaign should be excellent timing in regards to some new PR's forthcoming which will Rocket GEEC. This power-play has nowhere to go but up, according to most insiders, and there's still a bit of time to get in before the boom. Increased investor awareness and the anticipated release of huge news announcements will add to the buying frenzy from investors loading up before GEEC goes through the roof.
Certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by such terms as expect, believe, may, will, and intend or similar terms. We are not a registered investment expert or a broker dealer. This is not an attempt to acquire or sell securities. No suggestion that the securities of the company profiled should be acquired, sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled company. This is an independent electronic publication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a third
party for the preparation of this company information. Be advised that investments in small-cap companies are considered to be high-risk and use
of the information provided is for reading purposes only. If anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from a registered financial broker. If any party decides to participate as an investor then it will be that investor's sole risk. Be advised that the purchase of such high-risk securities may result in the loss of some or all of the investment. The publisher of this newsletter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the completeness of the company profile. Investors should not rely solely on the information presented. Rather, investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for doing additional independent research on
the profiled company in order to form their own opinion regarding investment. Factual statements made about the profiled company are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice. It is possible that an investor's entire investment may be lost or impaired due
to the speculative nature of the company profiled. All information provided about the profiled company has been obtained from publicly
available sources which may include the company's web site, public filings, company press releases and informational web sites provided by the actual exchanges where small-cap stocks are traded.
If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our l i s t, please Go Here (-stox99999
 Ddauoqjkx,Qvwn
