
@_date: 2002-06-08 07:12:24
@_author: Vigoral 
@_subject: Re: Add a little spice to your life!6028 
If you're like me, you've tried EVERYTHING to make those
moments with your husband/wife, boyfriend/girlfriend as special
as possible.  The romantic candelight dinners, nights out on the
town, catching the latest opera or whatever else. All this to help
make those moments in bed all the more exciting.  I know what
it's like - I had tried everything to make me and my wife's sex
better.  It seemed like there had to be a cheaper and easier way to
make SEX more exciting ALL OF THE TIME!!!
.. That was before I tried Vigoral Herbal Sex Enhancers!
You're probably thinking to yourself, "Oh geez, not another
Viagra wanna be!" or "Aren't these just for old people?" Just
Like you, I was skeptical at first, but my best friend swore it
helped him and his wife reach sexual peaks together that they never
dreamed were possible! I decided I'd give it a shot without telling
my wife.  Let me tell you, it was the best decision I've ever made.
I overheard her bragging to her girlfriend the next day!  Then,
after I shared my little secret (Vigoral) with her,  she was like "WOW"!
She asked, "Do they make this for women too?"  and the answer is
YES!  Now that we both were taking the Vigoral for Men & Vigorette
for Women it is hard for us to ever leave the bedroom!  We even
use the edible lubricating gel, because it doesn't stain or
leave a mess like other lubricants.  It's for everyone!
I was so happy with the results that I decided to start selling
these ALL NATURAL sexual stmulants myself. I want to help
other couples have as much great sex as we do.  Because it feels
great, is wonderful exercise, and what is better than GREAT SEX?!
I guarantee you that these Vigoral Herbal Sex Enhancers absolutely
WILL WORK FOR YOU.  If they don't, you can return the products
at anytime for a full refund!
If you are frustrated with trying different methods, not having great sex, or just want to try something new and exciting - Here's
Your Opportunity!
You're probably wondering, "Ok, so how does this stuff actually work?"
We have answers to all of your questions available by clicking on
this link -> You want to know the ingredients?
Click Here for Men   -> Click Here for Women -> How about some actual testimonials from some people who are now having
BETTER SEX!?!
Click Here -> Here is the deal ...
I am offering each of these wonderful products for Only $24.99 each!
That's right, for under $25 you can now have GREAT SEX!
And right now I am even offering FREE SHIPPING*!  To order now on our 1024-Bit SSL Secure Server, just click
on the link below:
If you're just curious, and want to visit our new, improved website,
Click this link or type it into your browser window: Here's to BETTER SEX!!!
William Johnson
If you do not wish to receive any more emails from me, please send an email to "print5 requesting to be *Free shipping on orders of 3 bottles or more only.
