
@_date: 2005-01-15 04:42:36
@_author: "Mrs. Deborah Harry" 
@_subject: Your Assistance (Very Urgent) 
Reply email to my private box at: deborahharrysfamily RE: PLEASE ENDEAVOUR TO USE IT FOR THE CHILDREN OF GOD. I am the above named person from United Kingdom (UK). I am married to Dr. Jolly Harry, who worked with British Embassy in Ivory Coast for nine years, before he died in the year 2000.We were both married for eleven years without a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days.
Before his death we were both born again Christians. Since his death I decided not to re-marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the Bible is all against. When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $30.5Million (Thirty Million,Five Hundred Thousand Dollars Only. USD) with IMPERIAL FINANCIAL TRUST BANK (IFTB). Is an Online Bank base here in United Kingdom. Presently, this money is still with IMPERIAL FINANCIAL TRUST BANK (IFTB)  for safekeeping. And recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next three months due to my cancer problem.
Though what disturbs me most is my stroke sickness. Having known my condition of health I have decided to donate this fund to churches, orphanage or a better Christian individual that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct here in. I want an individual that will use these fund-to-fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of God and to ensure that the house of God is maintained. The Bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth.
I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not Christians and I don't want my husband's hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers.
As I don't want a situation whereby this money will be used in an UnGodly manner. Hence the reason for taking this bold decision. I am not afraid of death hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the Lord. Exodus 14 VS 14 says that the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my peace. I don't need any telephone communication in this
regard because of my health and also ......My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian. Whoever that wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and truth.
Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a church or Christian individual for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated here in.
Hoping to hearing from you. Remain blessed in the name of the Lord. Yours in Christ,
Mrs. Deborah Harry.
Reply email to my private box at: deborahharrysfamily for more details
