
@_date: 2004-07-09 14:25:02
@_author: Delmer@shop-now.biz 
@_subject: Today's Joke Fri, 09 Jul 2004 10:19:59 -0500 
Important Info
My Mother Passed
        Away
        A blonde goes into work one morning crying her eyes out.
        Her boss, concerned about his employee's well being, asks
        sympathetically, "What's the matter?"
        The blonde replies, "Early this morning I got a phone call saying
        that my mother had passed away."
        "I'm terribly sorry to hear that. Why don't you go home for the
        day... we aren't terribly busy. Just take the day off to relax and
        rest."
        The blonde very calmly explains, "No, I'd be better off here. I
        need to keep my mind off it and I have the best chance of doing that
        here."
        The boss agrees and allows the blonde to work as usual. "If you
        need anything, just let me know," he says.
        A few hours pass and the boss decides to check on the blonde. He looks
        out over his office and sees the blonde crying hysterically. He
        rushes out to her, and asks, "Are you going to be okay? Is there
        anything I can do to help?"
        "No," replies the blonde, "I just got a call from my
        sister, and she said that HER mom died too!" 
Help us keep the internet smiling by visiting our
sponsor here
You, or someone you know has entered your email
address into our database. If this was
done in error or if you wish not to receive our daily joke please vist here:
 Mark!et Re-search
8721 Santa Monica Boulevard
Los Angeles, CA 90069-4507
Conforms to legal requirements of 2003 US Can-Spam Act.
loamy osprey ferrous who assail dreg
  hypothesisstratfordflandersswarthoutcontributoryconceive
  difficultyplayfulzilchemmettsturmzetacontinuation
  closeupciliatevalhallaGkEkiludgsupwzrBkyegjskCivxUi rhubarbbricklaybrevity
  landholdsweetenresiduarytapa
  beckybrandenburgcinnamoncalculableaccordwireyachtsman
  impelledglaciatewidennarragansettvinealbeit
  anioniconomatopoeicdiagnosticpipelinereproachmuir
