
@_date: 2004-04-15 02:16:55
@_author: "bert ochiltree" 
@_subject: Yvxwhft d0n't pass this 0ne up, ok? 
crirs  eesthgis  fgetpos  We are your your convenient, safe and private online source for FDA
a`p`p`roved pharmacy prescriptions. B`uy Vicodin O`n1ine For Less
Start placing your order for meds here
B M No more: When Tom Howard was seventeen years old he was as tall as his father, so he
began to borrow Mr. Howard's clothes when he wanted to go out with his
friends in the evening.Mr. Howard did not like this, and he always got very
angry when he found his son wearing any of his things.One evening when Tom
came downstairs to go out, his father stopped him in the hall. He looked at
Tom's clothes very carefully.Then he said angrily, "Isn't that one of my
ties, Tom?""Yes, Father, it is." answered Tom."And that shirt's mine too,
isn't that one of my ties, Tom?""Yes, that's yours too," answered Tom."And
you're wearing my belt!" said Mr. Howard."Yes, I am, Father," answered Tom.
" You don't want your trousers to fall down, do you?"
A man and a women walk into a bar and order a drink for every person in the
bar. They are very happy. When the bar-tender asks them why they are so
happy, they reply: 'We finished a jigsaw puzzle in only two months'. 'Two
months?' the bar-tender exclaimed, 'it's not supposed to take that long.'
'That's not true,' said the woman, 'it said 2 to 4 years on the box.'
uzenchit5sirus02toyone,taziri tukena.

@_date: 2004-04-14 12:39:47
@_author: "bert ochiltree" 
@_subject: Xdgvbbh fresh feel 
death-denying  elkman  evuestra  1nternet Pharmacy & Overnight Shipping!
Order these pills: ; ^ So+m+a > P/n/termin < V/a/lium . XAN & V1C0`DIN We ship WORLDWIDE!... No forms to fill out... We respect your Privacy
S N No more: One day a boy came to his teacher and said:" Teacher, pa wants to know if
you like roast pig.""I certainly do," said the teacher, "and you tell your
father he is very kind to think of me."Days passed, and nothing more was
said about the roast pig.Finally the teacher said to the boy:"I thought your
father was going to send me over some roast pig.""Yes," said the boy, "he
did intend to, but the pig sot well."
A young man saw an elderly couple sitting down to lunch at McDonald's. He
noticed that they had ordered one meal, and an extra drink cup. As he
watched, the older gentleman carefully divided the hamburger in half, then
counted out the fries, one for him, one for her, until each had half of
them. Then the old man poured half of the soft drink into the extra cup and
set that in front of his wife. The old man then began to eat, and his wife
sat watching, with her hands folded in her lap. The young man decided to ask
if they would allow him to purchase another meal for them so that they
didn't have to split theirs. The old gentleman said, "Oh, no. We've been
married 50 years, and everything has always been and will always be shared,
50/50." The young man then asked the wife if she was going to eat, and she
replied, "Not yet. It's his turn with the teeth.
zipusi5shouyout02taihaiti,taisenry teijitub.
