
@_date: 2009-01-08 23:08:03
@_author: "Steve Furlong" 
@_subject: Re: Social networks link terrorists 
In other news, governments are found to be providing a means for known
and suspected terrorists not only to meet in person but to reach their
targets. The so-called "road network" is claimed to serve a
non-criminal purpose, but confidential sources inform us that the US
Federal Government is looking into the maintenance of the road network
with an eye to charging state and local governments as accessories and
facilitators of terrorist activity.

@_date: 2009-02-23 21:05:41
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: SHA-3 Round 1: Buffer Overflows 
Or stop using languages which encourage little oopsies like that. At
the least, make it a standard practice to mock those who use C but
don't use memory-safe libraries and diagnostic tools.

@_date: 2009-02-23 21:05:41
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: SHA-3 Round 1: Buffer Overflows 
Or stop using languages which encourage little oopsies like that. At
the least, make it a standard practice to mock those who use C but
don't use memory-safe libraries and diagnostic tools.

@_date: 2009-06-17 17:19:52
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: The begining of a new surveillance society in India 
I think introducing  surveillance into school/university is the
cleverest way of building a surveillance society. When, they grow up
the will be 'okay' with it and a generation later every office desk,
boardroom and room will be fitted with surveillance cameras and
--- end quote ---
Yep: Neca eos omnes. Deus suos agnoscet. -- Arnaud-Amaury, 1209

@_date: 2009-07-10 23:28:06
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: How nanopayments finally came of age 
How nanopayments finally came of age
Social networks offer new opportunities for developers
By Tom May
How do you get people to pay for something they're used to getting for
free? It's a question that bedevils the music and film industries, and
it's no less of a challenge for anyone trying to monetise an app for
Facebook, MySpace or Bebo. But a new approach is emerging b make it cheap. Really cheap. Charge
just 10 or 20p for a bingo card, an accessory for a virtual pet or a
weapon for a game character. Get enough people signed up and, once
you've added up all those pennies, you've made a tidy bundle. Like all ideas that sound too good to be true, you'll be thinking, it
probably is. But it's not just a theory. In Asia, such 'nanopayments'
have been making big money on social networks for years. In 2007,
China's Tencent raised $523million in revenue b that's four times as
much as Facebook, in a country where the average monthly wage is less
than $20 b with operating profits of $224million. Yet only 13 per cent of revenue came from ads. Two-thirds came from
internet services like games and digital goods: 'gifts' such as virtual
flowers, background music for users' profiles, virtual pets, fashion
items to dress avatars in, and so on. Lessons to be learned
It's tempting to mock the predominantly young people who spend their
money on such things. But young people are much the same everywhere, and
in the same way other Asian fads, from karaoke to PokC)mon, have spread
like wildfire, there's much we in the West can learn from the East.
There are lessons to be learned closer to home, too. The success of Apple's App Store has proved beyond reasonable doubt that
people are willing to pay small amounts for virtual goods, whether
useful or trivial. More than a billion applications created by 50,000
developers have now been downloaded from the Store, typically for
between $0.99 and $4.99, from fart noisemakers to translators to virtual
spirit levels. Yet if such success is to be repeated on social networks,
there's one thing everyone agrees on: the need for stable, reliable,
easy to use payment platform. For a start, there's no point in charging to credit cards if the bulk of
your audience is too young to have one. In China, kids can add money to
their Tencent accounts via their mobile phone bill or by buying 'QQ
coins' in real world shops.
Similar systems exist for users of Japan's Mixi and Korea's Cyworld. (In
case you haven't heard of Cyworld, it was actually the world's first
social networking site. Founded in 1999, three years before Friendster,
it's been making massive profits for a decade, so it must be doing
something right.) Which platform? At the end of 2007 it looked as if Facebook was joining in the party.
Just before Christmas of that year it announced the beta test of
Facebook Payments, which would enable firms to accept small payments
from users directly inside their Facebook apps. Then b& nothing. However,
you can't keep a good idea down. MySpace COO Amit Kapur revealed at last November's Web 2.0 Summit that
MySpace is working on its own payment platform. And while developers are
waiting for the big boys to come up with the goods, a number of
start-ups have sprung up to fill the gap, such as Spare Change, Zong,
OneTouch and PayByCash. Spare Change's system is currently being used by 400 games and apps,
charging users an average of 25 cents a pop. You can add money to your
account through PayPal, through your mobile phone bill or using cash at
thousands of retailers throughout the US. Co-founder Mark Rose says that the "shoestring operation" he set up a
year and a half ago is already making healthy profits: "We've got more
than a million users, mainly of quasi-casual gaming applications," he
says. One example is Mob Wars, a Facebook app in which players rise
through the ranks of a gangster organisation by committing crimes and
fighting other players. According to TechCrunch, it's generating $1million per month. Mob Wars
costs nothing to play, and you're given a certain amount of virtual
currency to spend on recruiting and equipping your mob. To earn more,
you have to perform certain tasks b or sidestep the process by paying
with real money instead. "Apps like this lure people in and get them
hooked," explains Rose. "Once people are engaged and having fun, they're
happy to shell out a few cents to continue." And it's not just games. Other apps let users adopt virtual gifts; send
their friends 'kisses', virtual gifts or cash; sign up to dating
services, make charitable donations and so on. Working with advertising Of course, there's a great deal of cynicism about nanopayments, and
there are no signs of the ad-supported model being seriously challenged
on the wider web. Yet Greg Golebiewski of Znak suggests the two need not
be in opposition. On Znak, his "marketplace for content providers", users have the choice
of buying virtual currency with real cash or 'earning' it by clicking on
infomercials and completing advertising surveys. "Payments and
advertising are working in tandem, not against each other," he argues.
Golebiewski believes this is only the start of a sea change in
ecommerce, and predicts a brave new future in which nanopayments begin
monetising whole new areas of the web. He suggests people would be more than willing to pay, for example, "a
dime to view the latest pictures of Brad and Angelina; a quarter to
download a current financial report by a reputable, independent
analyst". A major awards ceremony could, he half-jokingly suggests,
announce the winners online 10 minutes ahead of the live TV broadcast b
"I bet there would be thousands of people willing to pay 50 cents for
that". Charging for news
Similarly, an article in February's Time suggested newspapers start
charging for their online content through nanopayments. Walter Isaacson
described the US press as facing meltdown, and argued ailing titles
should start charging for online content through "an iTunes-easy
method". A paper might charge "a nickel for an article, a dime for that
day's full edition or $2 for a month's worth of access". However, the basic thrust of Isaacson's argument b 'It works for iTunes,
so it can work for news' b has been widely challenged. When he was
interviewed on The Daily Show, host Jon Stewart pointed out that while a
song lasts a lifetime, news is fleeting, so people are less willing to
pay for it. Also, unlike iTunes, news providers have to compete with a
myriad of legitimate free sources b not just online, but on radio and TV
as well. In a response to the Time article, blogger Clay Shirky suggests
nanopayments can only succeed when a provider has a monopoly on a
particular type of content and a proprietary system of distribution. This both explains its success in Asia b "A Cyworld user who wants a
certain kind of digital decoration for their online presence has to buy
it through Cyworld" b and the difficulties of trying to replicate it
elsewhere. An example he gives of the principle in action is "how mobile
phone carriers prevent the ringtone distribution network from becoming
generalpurpose, lest freely circulating MP3s drive the price to zero". Achieving the same level of control over other digital goods, especially
something as easily duplicated as a photo or news article, is not a task
embarked on lightly b although some have suggested the Kindle could
perform the 'iPod role'. Widening the field Or is it just a matter of reaching the optimal price point? Tony Cohen,
CEO of X Factor producer FremantleMedia, recently called for a radical
rethink of on-demand TV. "We must look afresh at the potential of
micropayments per-view," he told the MediaGuardian's Changing Media
Summit. "Charging just a few pence, say B to watch catchup could
really help stimulate demand." Surely at those sort of prices, few would be tempted to waste time on
illegal filesharing sites? Whether or not nanopayments are a financial
cure-all remains to be seen, but the fact that new payment methods are
opening up to developers can only be a good thing. "These days, web merchants need to capture as many customers as
possible," points out Eli Gurock, marketing manager of OneTouch. "40 per
cent of internet users in the USA and 90 per cent worldwide don't have
credit cards, and many who do are too afraid to use them online. The
addressable market could be at least two or three times bigger and as a
result, a lot of money is being left on the table."
First published in .net Issue 190

@_date: 2009-09-14 13:00:08
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Norman Borlaug, 1914-2009 
Youre wrong about Borlaug's greatness, and heres why:
- As any environmentalist can tell you, humanity is a blight on
nature. Anything that kills off a few hundred million or a billion
people is good. Conversely, any effort to save human lives is ipso
facto evil.
- As Senator Robert C Byrd can tell you, only white people matter.
Most of the people saved by Borlaugs innovations were little brown
people. Frankly, the world already has enough of them.
- As any celebrity can tell you, youre not important unless the man
on the street recognizes you and cares about what shampoo you use.
- As any manager or politician can tell you, youre not important
unless you tell other people what to do. Scientists, engineers,
mechanics, and other people who work with their hands are all
interchangeable nobodies.
If youve got watermelons, the KKK, TV news anchors, and Congress
opposed to you, theres no way you can be great.
(Note to people who don't know me and are thickheaded: yes, that was
Neca eos omnes. Deus suos agnoscet. -- Arnaud-Amaury, 1209

@_date: 2011-08-08 21:46:33
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: New Crypto Website 
2011/8/8 Sampo Syreeni :
Could the Fifth Horseman be Whistleblowing? I'm sure The Powers That
Be consider that to be as great a threat as terrorism, child porn,
money laundering, or drugs.

@_date: 2012-09-27 00:40:53
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Julian Assange now an official enemy of the US 
It *totally* makes sense! It does! Because hosting documents
embarrassing to the administration is *exactly* the same as blowing up
two large buildings and killing thousands of people. And if you can't
see that, then maybe you also don't believe we have always been at war
with Eastasia.

@_date: 2013-02-10 01:02:14
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: "I am the walking Exigent Circumstances you created" 
Note that the disgustingly-named PATRIOT Act was the wish-list of
every federal police(-state) agency. They'd been asking for
unwarranted wiretaps and immunity and watch-lists of non-criminal
travellers and all the rest for years, but kept getting denied ...
until 9/11 made all their wishes come true.

@_date: 2013-08-14 17:34:26
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised, Malicious JS Discovered 
In my limited experience with the spook agencies, this understates the
case. The left hand refuses to share a thing, making the smug claim "We're
listeners, not talkers."
The right hand is working to stab the left in the back and take control of
the two fingers it thinks are doing anything useful. The left hand is doing
the same to the right.
I could go on, but I think the analogy is starting to fall apart. Eugen
Leitl pasted up an article recently, describing the delusions,
incompetence, dirty dealing, and dirty characters involved in Britain's
MI5. That matched pretty well what I know of my own knowledge of US
Please note that my experience was entirely on the US Army side of things,
as a low-ranking officer. I was mostly insulated from political
considerations except for budget battles. However, I dealt with other
groups and I kept my eyes and ears open and couldn't help noticing things.

@_date: 2013-08-01 16:23:50
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: XKeyscore produced by SAIC, runs on RHEL 
Skid mark, maybe. The whole thing is a pile of shit.

@_date: 2013-08-11 10:51:32
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Lavabit and End-point Security 
By "rebuild" do you mean compile it yourself or are you talking full-up
review and rewrite? The former should be no problem for anyone capable of
setting up a secure hosting service. The latter is probably beyond the
means of small teams in any commercially reasonable timeframe.

@_date: 2013-08-15 11:17:26
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: see something, say something stamps 
I would think that this would be commercial misappropriation of likeness. (
 I guess that the
USPS being sort-of a part of the US federal government might get them an
out, and I'd guess that no federal judge in the US would find in Snowden's
favor lest he, too, be deemed a traitor. Procedural hurdles could be thrown
up, such as making him appear in court in person, and of course he'd be
arrested before he got that far. And even if Snowden did somehow win a
judgement he'd find it impossible to collect. Short answer, anyone in the
US wanting to make money off of Snowden can likely get away with it.
(been to law school, blah blah, not a lawyer, blah blah)
Neca eos omnes. Deus suos agnoscet. -- Arnaud-Amaury, 1209

@_date: 2013-08-20 16:59:13
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Changing IP address to access public website ruled violation of US law 
From the EFF's remark bottom of the article:
"Without this change, the government could've prosecuted everyday Americans
for violating low-level terms of service violations... In short, everyone
would be a criminal, leaving it up to the government to decide when and
where to bring down the hammer."

@_date: 2013-08-20 16:13:08
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Groklaw shuts down 
Well, nuts. I'd been thinking that one unintended consquence of the
revelation of the snoops' snooping is that thoughtful, serious people would
get off the internet, or at least stop putting content on the internet. And
here we have confirmation, like an hour after I had that thought. Thus the
government impoverishes us all. Again.
Meanwhile, brainless chatterboxes will continue to spatter their lives all
over Facebook and clamor for more location-enabled apps for their phones.

@_date: 2013-08-19 17:04:49
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Avaaz in "grave danger" due to GMail spam filters 
Over the past two decades, efforts to educate the average user have
had limited success at best. I think it's time to give up on educating them
and simply drive them off the internet. We can frame them for various
crimes, loot their bank accounts or credit cards so they're too poor to get
online, or get them kicked off of their ISPs. Conveniently, the people who
are too dumb to be allowed online are the very same people who will be easy
to attack online.
Why, yes, I did major in sophistry in college. Why do you ask?

@_date: 2013-10-02 18:55:21
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Silk Road founder arrested ... 
vegetables to people who wanted them.
See, there's your mistake right there. You think you're talking about
government and a system of laws which values personal freedom and free
trade. In the US since Wickard v Filburn if not before, the federal
government has had the power to tell you what commercial activities you may
not participate in.

@_date: 2013-10-29 18:59:11
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Excessive Politeness (was: Another Snowden News Story) 
Without getting to the personalities or facts of this case, concerning
which I know nothing, I object to this statement at bottom of coderman's
If people are dumbasses or liars and you don't call them on it, they'll not
only continue to be dumbasses or liars (which is their own business) but
they'll continue to inflict themselves on other people. These innocent
bystanders might not have any warning about the nature of the dumbass or
liar and might thereby be harmed by them.
As a fine, upstanding member of civil society, it is your *duty* to
publicly call dumbasses dumbasses and liars liars. It's for the benefit of
us all. Thank you in advance.
Or, you know, just kill them all. As per my tagline.

@_date: 2013-11-04 17:46:28
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: "Reforms" to NSA spying 
I'm not so sure I trust the US-based phone companies. Even without
government requirement, they'll need to track some customer data in order
to keep their services running efficiently. They could anonymize the data,
but that would be extra complication and expense as well as another
possible foothold for the camel's nose to enter the tent (if you'll pardon
a mangled metaphor).
My house phone is VOIP, served by a company in the PRC. (My wife is Chinese
and this service gives unlimited calls between the US and PRC.) The PRC is
hardly a defender of individual liberty and privacy, but I don't especially
care if the PRC keeps track of how often I call my mother and I'm not
worried about the PRC sharing this data with the US government. This isn't
a complete solution to the problem, but it's part of a solution.

@_date: 2014-01-24 20:00:47
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: [dsfjdssdfsd] Any plans for drafts or discussions on here? (fwd) 
if they
)   But, in
Practically, would it matter? Maybe.
If an attacker knew that you were using Pi as your "random" stream, I guess
that would reduce your "random" stream to a stream cypher with a key of
about 24 bits.
There are a lot of random-appearing number sequences. Are there enough to
add a significant number of bits to the effective key? Against an attacker
with the resources to compute and store the first billion digits of a lot
of sequences?
Meh. I'd started this response with the plan to argue that a slice of Pi is
good enough for practical purposes, but I convinced myself otherwise. It's
only good enough for security-by-obscurity. Meh.

@_date: 2014-01-07 21:30:35
@_author: "demonfighter6 ." 
@_subject: Re: hacker != cracker (Re: Swartz, Weev & radical libertarian lexicon) 
Yes, annoying though that may be to those of us who were called hackers
before that became a bad thing. But we're outnumbered thousands-to-one, and
we're just not going to win that language war.
... Unless the technically adept were to bring the systems crashing down
and let the technically inept freeze and starve to death.
... But that would be a Naughty Thing, and not something I'd ever condone.
And just ignore the sig I've been using for over a decade.

@_date: 2014-01-08 20:54:28
@_author: "demonfighter6 ." 
@_subject: Re: FUCK GRIFFIN BOYCE And yet ANOTHER NET.LOON Candidate Re: Earlier Detweiler ravings!! 
No, not quite yet.
People who top-post are just like ***Hitler***!
There, that should do it.

@_date: 2014-01-21 17:55:11
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks buy the farm 
Cypheremos develop their own broken encryption algorithms and whine that no
one understands them. They seed their entropy pools by cutting themselves
and looking at the pattern of blood drops. Cyphergoths beat them up and
take their lunch money.

@_date: 2014-03-08 01:10:53
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
c) Don't get too big, too complicated, or too fancy. Keep your pages or
your apps or your web services tightly focused, and not integrated with
anything that can be stripped out. If you have multiple services, separate
them logically if not physically, and do not provide the convenience
feature of automatically logging a user into a second if logs into a first.
Don't bring in outside JavaScript or stylesheets or images that you can
This is not specific to hidden TOR services, or to the blacknet, or to
selling drugs by mail.

@_date: 2014-03-06 18:41:36
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: See??? 
I *told* you I wasn't Santuclauso.
I *told* you I wasn't Santuclauso.

@_date: 2014-03-07 01:03:29
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Bounties 
That's the (modified) start of the Joe Hill song, in case you didn't
recognize it.
unknown, at least given enough
pseudonynous, not entirely anonymous.
Watch for an anonymizing exchange being set up. Even if the proud new
possessor of a bazzillion bitcoins has to lose half of the value in
laundering them sufficiently, that's still a nice pile of change.
As for Dan Geer's question about state actors, I of course would never
suggest my government would do anything illegal or even questionable.

@_date: 2014-03-06 20:05:08
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Bounties 
Nakamoto. Somewhere, Jim Bell is laughing...
Odd phrasing. Seems to imply Jim Bell is dead.
I dreamed I saw Jim Bell last night,
alive as you and me.

@_date: 2014-03-11 23:05:11
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Satoshi/Newsweek 
That's just what I'd /expect/ Satoshi to say.
Is it just me, or has no one seen Robert and Satoshi in a photograph
together? Is it just me, or does that seem mighty conveeeeenient?

@_date: 2014-03-14 14:47:32
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: TURBINE 
Without admitting to anything which might result in criminal charges or
civil action, I may or may not have been involved in collating and
publishing the home addresses and various personal information on city
police and local politicians and bureaucrats where I used to live. And
Eugen is absolutely correct: once the web site was publicized, the official
response was apoplectic. "Shrieking eschatonic hysteria" would not be an
overstatement. See, it's perfectly fine for the police or the city
government to "accidentally" release all sorts of personal information on
people who were arrested but not charged, but it's a totally different
matter for the home address of the chief of police or the feminine hygiene
brand preference of the city attorney to be made public.

@_date: 2014-03-18 15:45:36
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: MH370 in hangar at Diego Garcia, detainees already rendered 
On Tue, Mar 18, 2014 at 11:21 AM, Cathal Garvey <
But... but... Nukes!
It's for the chiiiiildren!

@_date: 2014-03-22 20:56:46
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: "Whew, wondered where we'd put those 200,000 BTC!" 
If you're going to jump straight in to the real world of real money, yes.
But you can take baby steps, running a service with limited clients and
limited amounts, or with play money. Wasn't that part of the appeal of
MtGox, that it had been running as an exchange for years, before getting
into the BitCoin world? I think the assumption was that they seemed to know
what they were doing, so it was safe enough to use them for trading BTC and
"real" money.
(Note that I never had anything to do with MtGox, or indeed with BitCoin.
This was not so much a matter of crypto paranoia as a matter of mortgage,
three kids, and a wife who won't stop spending.)

@_date: 2014-04-09 12:36:09
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: healthcare.gov vulnerability? 
Possible, I suppose, but why bother? They could just make up numbers and
they'd be repeated as gospel by the lapdogs, lickspittles, and fellow
travellers. ref practically every other number coming from the US federal
and state governments.

@_date: 2014-05-22 01:44:41
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Going to jail nowadays for owning a book, wtf? 
I support the right to write all of those. With some distaste in some
cases, mind you, but I'm a freedom of expression hard-liner.
Now you take that back! On the internet, no one knows you're a velociraptor.

@_date: 2014-06-29 22:28:59
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Tor 
Better to grab popcorn than what Juan grabbed as he stroked himself into a
frenzy up there.

@_date: 2014-07-17 11:19:00
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: BadBIOS forensics 
Oh, agreed. I was joking when I suggested spreading the malware.
(People keep telling me that my (alleged) sense of humor will get me in
trouble one of these days. Meh, hasn't happened yet.)
I'd say it's a case of the 10% making the rest look bad, but really, every
single NFP whose accounting I've seen has had something to hide. It's not
always excessive perqs for the bosses (and only for the bosses; one of the
things to hide is just how much the boss's little extras cost while she
tells the staff that there just isn't the money to give any of them pay
raises this year), sometimes it's just the level of overhead. One person
was telling me that they needed to conceal their overhead level because if
they reported the actual level they would lose donations to "more
efficient" charities ... who also were lying in their financials.

@_date: 2014-07-16 14:41:34
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: BadBIOS forensics 
On Wed, Jul 16, 2014 at 7:19 AM, Bluelotus CD, infected personal files (plain text files, MP3, PDF, jpg, tiff, doc),
infected external DVD writer, etc. to any one interested in conducting
Forensics is fine, I suppose, but wouldn't it be better to donate them to
some organization that you don't like? The reelection committee for some
politician you don't like, a lobbying group whose position you despise, or
a charity which is conspicuous for high overhead might be deserving
(Not on topic, but I never donate cash to charities or other
not-for-profits. I've done various support work (as a paid consultant) for
quite a few NFPs, including work on their accounting databases, and every
single one had funny business going on with the money. Not necessarily
covering up pilferage by corporation bosses, though there was some of that,
but always overhead that was much higher than reported. And usually the
total compensation of the bosses was much higher than reported, if you
include non-trivial expenses like paid-for cars. I'm not interested in
putting money in the pocket of someone with three times my income while
they poor-mouth to get more donations.)

@_date: 2014-07-17 15:22:27
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: <nettime> A message from the police: IF YOU SUSPECT IT, REPORT IT 
Indeed. And so do police. And politicians, and bureaucrats and TSA gropers.
Get out and talk to your neighbors and find out what they do for a living.
If they're evasive, there's a good chance they work for the government. (Or
are drug dealers or something, but at least in the US, the number of
government employees greatly exceeds even the highest estimates of the
number of drug dealers.) This information may come in useful someday.

@_date: 2014-07-24 17:55:13
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Snowden triggers flood of Crapware [was: Gruveo, more secure skype?] 
On Thu, Jul 24, 2014 at 10:06 AM, Stephan Neuhaus <
I'd treat it as an indicator, not a certainty. All of stef's rules are
indicators, where any one could be raised without the application being a
problem. The more that get raised, the more likely the app is snake oil.
It's like personnel security -- an employee gambling is not necessarily a
problem, but it can indicate a potential security risk. And it's like
diagnosing medical or psychiatric conditions -- a lack of empathy for other
humans might not mean anything, but it's an indicator for psychopathy.
Regarding the security app indicators, good job, stef. And I'll add one:
"10000000000-bit encryption!!!!"

@_date: 2014-10-10 00:24:44
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Cryptography, backdoors and the Second Amendment 
You're expecting consistency, logic, or even honesty from a government?
Your naivete is so /cute/!

@_date: 2014-10-10 00:24:44
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Cryptography, backdoors and the Second Amendment 
You're expecting consistency, logic, or even honesty from a government?
Your naivete is so /cute/!

@_date: 2014-11-03 14:52:37
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Crypto War Redux 
Some of us who are more cynical (read: experienced) never believed the
relaxed enforcement of encryption export controls would stay relaxed. And
some of the more cynical even suspected the laws and regulations on the
books would be enforced with no notice, and retroactively.
And some of the exceptionally cynical may hypothetically have continued to
develop encryption code but never released it under their own names.
Neca eos omnes. Deus suos agnoscet. -- Arnaud-Amaury, 1209

@_date: 2015-01-01 17:02:32
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor 
If I read the report correctly (and the report reported the findings
correctly), the estimate was that 83% of dark web searches related to child
porn. That's plausible, I suppose, though I'm certainly not taking it at
face value. If I wanted to buy drugs, I already know the marketplaces to go
to and don't need to search for them.
Anyway, I just did my part to keep the kidzor pr0n searches up. I typed
"lolita", "loli", or "loil" into a handful of onion search engines. (That
last one was a typo, but the engine took it well enough.)

@_date: 2015-01-12 20:33:55
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: What is offtopic and what should be avoided on this list? 
When you find or make a time dilator, let me know. I could use one. Two,
Neca eos omnes. Deus suos agnoscet. -- Arnaud-Amaury, 1209

@_date: 2015-01-12 18:42:35
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: What is offtopic and what should be avoided on this list? 
On Wed, Jan 7, 2015 at 7:05 AM, Georgi Guninski Years ago, some people were warning that the NSA and other agencies were
monitoring *every* electronic communication, were running half of the TOR
nodes, had bribed crypto companies to insert weaknesses, and I don't know
what else. Real tin foil hat conspiracy nonsense.
Except it wasn't. Revelations from Snowden and others shows that not only
were the "nonsense" claims correct, they didn't go far enough.
I don't know about anyone else, but I'm going to be very cautious before
calling anything nonsense.
Neca eos omnes. Deus suos agnoscet. -- Arnaud-Amaury, 1209

@_date: 2015-01-13 19:08:27
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: USCENTCOM Social Accounts Hacked 
On Tue, Jan 13, 2015 at 1:46 PM, Daniel Van Wagenen The government spokesman is ignorant or dishonest. What's odd about that?

@_date: 2015-01-14 04:08:04
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Does Cypherpunk need a Church? 
On Tue, Jan 13, 2015 at 3:20 PM, Steve Furlong and it
Several people emailed me, asking if I had any of the paperwork. No, I
don't. The computer that had the documents was disposed of when I wasn't
looking (It's amazing how much of my stuff mysteriously gets thrown away or
goes missing when I'm out of state or otherwise away from home for several
days. Truly astounding.) and the backup tapes were encrypted and I can't
remember the password. (Lesson for all: Yes, encrypt your backups. No,
don't lose the passwords.)
The actual tax department paperwork was nothing much. It was either paper
forms sent by the department or PDFs I printed. Just a few pages either way.
The supporting documentation was the credo, rites, and so on. I made up
stuff supporting the idea of worship through writing code and collecting
donations in exchange for receiving the blessing of working code, and
programming education under the name of training in the sacred rites. Don't
look for any deep theological meaning, as this was somewhere between a
prank and an attempted tax scam. Also, don't look to my work for guidance,
as I didn't get anywhere with it.

@_date: 2015-01-13 20:20:09
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: Does Cypherpunk need a Church? 
Maybe 15 years ago I put together the paperwork for the Church of
Cybernetic Certainty. The IRS (IIRC; it may have been the NYS tax
department) basically told me to screw off. On the plus side, it was
amusing to put together my church's policies and it didn't cost anything to
put in the paperwork, and it annoyed a bureaucrat.

@_date: 2016-07-06 13:22:52
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: gmail usage 
I assumed from the beginning that they'd examine everything that passed
through their servers. "If you're not paying for it, you're not the
customer, you're the product" has been Cypherpunks wisdom since forever.
Gmail has my main mail accounts, for various work, personal, and list
stuff. I'm not too worried about privacy for this, as I don't put anything
sensitive where outsiders can see it. (Though sometimes other people send
sensitive info to my gmail accounts, which pisses me off.)
I have a couple non-gmail accounts for various purposes, but these are also
free accounts and I assume no privacy there.
Formerly I ran email servers of my own. Let those slide mainly because
keeping up with the patches and the spam was too time-consuming.
For anything I want to keep secure, I use encryption. I had been relying on
encrypted email -- GPG on my end, usually a PGP mail client plugin on the
other end. I'm getting away from that because certain email correspondents
who are not me seem to have trouble with even the relatively-easy-to-use
plugins. eg, one normally technically savvy guy kept sending me signed
rather than encrypted messages containing very sensitive material, and
another guy could not manage to send me an encrypted message that I could
Lately I've been using non-email communications if I want to keep it
private. A variant of a "send a message to this website's administrator"
page, transmitted over SSL, is good enough for my purposes. It's not
encrypted on my server and the response page is not encrypted on the
recipient's computer, but at least it is (or should be) safe from casual
snooping along the way.
None of the above is meant to be the definitive answer to private
communications or to worries about snooping. So far as I know it works well
enough for my expected threats. Suggestions for improvement are welcome.

@_date: 2016-07-09 08:27:10
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: "The West" - an absolute disgrace to Humanity! 
... he says, using a communication medium invented by The West.

@_date: 2016-12-25 02:02:37
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras, to be encrypted 
On Wed, Dec 21, 2016 at 11:57 AM, Joshua Marpet <
location tags on a pic, to protect a source, but the camera does so without
my consent or knowledge.
been altered. (Different from  unauthorized editing, in that  is more
about access control, and this is more about forensic verifiability)
6. Being able to prove you have no encrypted data.
7. Being unable to prove you have no encrypted data.
8. Surreptitious viewing of your data, such as when your camera is in
custody whether or not you are.
9. Surreptitious deletion of your data.

@_date: 2016-12-25 01:58:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras, to be encrypted 
On Thu, Dec 22, 2016 at 10:51 PM, Christian Huitema 1. Phone towers can be, and in some places often are, turned off during
protests, police "crackdowns", and other events which those in charge don't
want reported.
2. Phone and internet traffic can be monitored, on the fly or post mortem,
pun intended, to see what registered phone was pushing up a lot of traffic
from such-and-such location in such-and-such time window.
3. Even without malignant government, how many phones streaming video up at
a single event would it take to crash the system? That's an actual
question, not a rhetorical; I don't know the capacity and robustness of the
phone systems in Cairo and Seoul and Tbilisi and Portland Oregon when it
comes to pushing up useful-resolution video.
