
@_date: 2013-12-28 01:44:40
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
You continue to misrepresent what happened. TLS did not ask for
approval or blessing, or a "positive statement" on dragonfly. "Is there
a problem with this?" is not the same as "do you think this is the bee's
knees?" Certainly you must understand that so your continued
misrepresentation can only be intentional.
  Being a non-participant, you have formed a conclusion about what
happened vis-a-vis dragonfly and the CFRG and then gone back in
time to justify that conclusion. That is illegitimate.
  I'm glad you acknowledge the fashionableness of the NSA target.
The problem is that people are misconstruing "making a statement"
with action. They think that a provocative (and exaggerated) public
statement is somehow bold and edgy and that is enough to elevate
the speaker to a certain status (pat oneself on the back). There is a
sad disconnect today between rhetoric and action, people seem to
be more happy tweeting hyperbole to slavish followers than actually
helping solve a problem. And I count you among them.
  The IETF is making a very serious effort to address the problem of
pervasive monitoring and it has asked for help. You have trivialized
that effort with your grandstanding. What you do is for your own
aggrandizement, not for the betterment of the Internet community
as a whole.
  I actually believe it is answering the questions it was asked in an
appropriate manner. It is doing it's job.
  You have told me previously that you think it only takes 30 minutes
to generate a standard, as opposed to the 2+ years I said it takes
(and I have one of your unimplementable, laughable, and incredibly
ambiguous "30 minute standards" too). That, to me, illustrates, at one
end, a cute and quaint naivety, and on the other, an arrogant and
clueless disregard for the work of others.
  It might help if you actually get involved in the process and help
solve problems before you tell people that the process they went
through is wrong. You have stated numerous times about the
inadequacy of RC4 in TLS. So, write an Internet-Draft on the subject!
Accept and resolve comments. Get involved before you pontificate
about how people are doing things wrong.
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-27 23:12:33
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Yoav, Henrick (and probably others),
  It has been pointed out to me in private email that this sentence is
quite ambiguous:
  I meant that Kevin's employer presented a convenient (and fashionably
popular) target to criticize. I did not mean that his employer was doing
anything to create the environment in which people can comfortably (or
fashionably) criticize.
  Hope this clears it up.
  regards,
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-27 20:02:39
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Absolutely not! Again, I'm not sure how you got the impression I was
saying anything like that. I'm not sure what is causing those knees to
jerk so reflexively.
  In fact, I don't believe any murderous plans by terrorists have been
foiled by the the NSA's pervasive monitoring. And given that the NSA has
obviously not learned important lessons from the Kevin Mitnick affair
I'm not sure they are capable of safeguarding that data even if it was of
use in protecting us against murderous terrorists.
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-27 18:32:14
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
(trimming the cc list. Trevor, you should really read what people
write and honor their requests)
  Yes, that would've been a good meeting to discuss it at. Or you
could've brought anything up on the list over the past couple of
  As far as the _other_ discussion is concerned, the one that prompted
your starting of this thread. It has been shown that the process you
and your twitter followers are complaining about was open and
transparent, contra your mischaracterizations of it.
  And as a member of the "crypto practice community" I agree with David.
The issue that Jonathan Katz raised concerned the inability to prove the
protocol secure in the random oracle model. The reason is that in that
model the adversary has certain capabilities, like reveal(). The problem is
  1. assume there is no key confirmation step in the protocol
  2. adversary as man-in-the-middle adds 1 to Bob's scalar
  3. adversary issues reveal() query to both Alice and Bob to
      obtain secrets
  4. adversary does off-line dictionary attack.
Now, this is indeed a problem with proving the protocol secure in the
random oracle model but it is not attack against dragonfly (or TLS-pwd).
That is because if an adversary has that much control over BOTH sides
of a TLS connection then all bets are off and the ability to do an off-line
dictionary attack after launching a man-in-the-middle attack against
entities it controls is the least of your worries. In addition, there is key
confirmation in the protocol and it does foil this attack. So in the "crypto
practice community" this is not viewed as an attack.
  The other issues Dr. Katz raised were:
  1. don't use the session key as a key confirmation key. A good
      suggestion but I didn't.
  2. validate the received elements. Good suggestion, which resulted
      in a change to the draft.
  So there is no "bluster". There was not a repeated raising of any
issues. There's just a continued (intentional?) misunderstanding by you
of what happened, what was said, and what it meant.
  And it could do with less of another community too.
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-24 22:13:07
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
No, that would be ludicrous.  I'm saying that the complaints today of
people who were not involved in the CFRG at that time and who still
do not understand the process involved ring particularly hollow.
  Because the complaints in this thread about the NSA are not doing
anything to address the issue of pervasive monitoring. In fact, as
Stephen pointed out, you're detracting from that important effort with
this stupid crusade and your (excellent quote) "infantile gibberish".
  What you're doing is striking a pose, and giving yourself the opportunity
to pat yourself on the back for your stand against the NSA. You're not
actually helping out here though.
  Read the thread. And read the Tao of the IETF. And learn about how
things work here. Test the waters before you dive in, that way you
don't bang your head on a rock and hurt yourself.
  Merry Christmas to all!
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-24 21:47:59
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
No, absolutely not. I'm not implying anything of the sort. I'm not
quite sure how you came to that impression.
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-24 20:09:42
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
The lack of opportunity to raise objections is due to the fact that he
(and the others who recently subscribed to CFRG because they follow him
on twitter and heeded his call to join the crusade) were not involved at
the time. These complaints ring particularly hollow.
  Realize too that had Kevin's employer not given these people the
opportunity to strike their fashionable pose there would be no discussion
of IRTF process or what the CFRG's place in the world is. So this really
isn't about IRTF process or the CFRG. It all comes back to the conspiracy
theory, and the guilt-by-association, and the fallacious ad hominem
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-23 08:44:14
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
"For all we know", translation, "What I'm saying is complete
conjecture."
  This is another example of the argumentum ad hominem fallacy.
You're saying that you will judge his statements based on some
aspect of him and not on their fundamental truth (or falsehood!).
  No, I don't' agree. Because I:
  1. don't believe in guilt by association and have no truck with
      ad hominem attacks; and,
  2. think that a dangerous precedent would be set if a social media
      fueled campaign to influence an SDO was successful.
  Let's stick to the topic, shall we? There will be plenty of opportunity
in the future to extract sentences from my numerous posts to various
lists and to bring up irrelevance like death by protocol ("it's true, just
ask these people who have not been killed by a protocol!"). The topic
right now is the subject of this email.
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-23 01:35:55
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
No, what I'm saying is that you're objecting to something that didn't
happen. There was no "shortcut" of a LC process (as you said). There was
no "result of a LC that never happened" (as you also said). There was no LC
made because there was no requirement to have a LC and the TLS WG did
not ask for such a thing.
  Your rhetorical flourish is a bit excessive. You act as though the
TLS WG requested that the imprimatur of the CFRG be placed upon
a protocol or that someone is behaving as if it did.
  As it says in the charter of the CFRG, "IETF working groups developing
protocols that include cryptographic elements are welcome to bring
questions concerning the protocols to the CFRG for advice." That's what
happened. They didn't say "please formally bless this protocol and
declare that it is secure and is the best possible solution to our problem".
  The TLS WG lacks the expertise to evaluate the underlying key
exchange and asked CFRG to see whether there was anything that
would make it unsuitable for a TLS cipher suite. That is all. There
were a few comments made about the protocol, and comments
were addressed, but there was nothing, and still remains nothing,
that makes it unsuitable for a TLS cipher suite.
  What I think is that you have misunderstood the process and have
misunderstood what happened and have leapt to the conclusion that
something nefarious happened and that it must be because the
co-chairman works for the NSA.
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-22 08:22:33
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Huh?
  What process are you talking about? There was no LC declared and
certainly no process that required one before an answer could be
provided back to the TLS WG.
  You seem to have invented a process, declared Kevin Igoe in violation
of it, and concocted a conspiracy theory to explain it all.
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-22 03:38:38
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Proof by assertion
  I think some remedial IETF training may be in order. The chairman of
an IRTF task group (note the R) does not "represent and lead the
recommendations made by the IETF." The IETF makes it recommendations
based on rough consensus of the group, not through the imperial decrees
of individual chairmen (much less those of a _research_ task group). In
addition, we are all supposed to be treated as individuals here, not as
representatives of our employer or sponsor.
  You are engaging in a classic fallacy, argumentum ad hominem, and
it will create a dangerous precedent if it works.
  Dan.

@_date: 2013-12-21 08:28:09
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
This request is FUD on top of innuendo.
  The protocol in question, dragonfly, does not have any security
flaws that would cause it to be inappropriate as a TLS cipher suite.
Given that Standards Track RFCs defining TLS cipher suites are
susceptible to attacks that dragonfly is provably resistant to
underscores that fact.
  The recent discussion on the TLS list actually just rehashed old
issues raised 2 years or more before the WGLC, namely:
  1) there is no security proof for resistance to an off-line
      dictionary attack; and
  2) there is text in the draft that deals with a potential side
      channel attack.
It was  that prompted the request to CFRG. The TLS WG did
not feel it was capable of evaluating that part of a cryptographic
key exchange and asked the CFRG to take a look. No attack
against dragonfly was brought up during the CFRG review, and
to this day there is no known attack against it.
Issue  is the result of a mailing list discussion prior to WGLC.
Note that Trevor  Perrin did not have an opinion on the matter when
it was discussed; he actually only commented 2+ years later, after
WGLC closed. If WG consensus wanted to re-open the issue, it might
make sense to discuss other resolutions as a way to move forward
but Trevor has stated that it doesn't matter, he will oppose the draft
no matter what changes are done.
  I am extremely sorry that my draft seems to have caused the CFRG
chairs to be the target of these accusations.
  It's always easy to be a critic and it's especially easy to launch a
FUD-based criticism. But criticizing someone who volunteers to
do work that one is not capable of doing himself is especially
lazy. The added implication of a conspiracy theory should be all
the more reason to reject it.
  There is no substance to this complaint and I hope it is
summarily dismissed.
  regards,
  Dan.

@_date: 2014-01-04 08:26:58
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Scott,
  Thank you for this very constructive comment. I appreciate the
suggestion on improving the draft. I will look at it closely. Your
help is most appreciated.
  regards,
  Dan.

@_date: 2014-01-04 08:24:15
@_author: "Dan Harkins" 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Trevor,
  That is a good description of a problem. I now see how poor the
text is that describes the hunting-and-pecking loop. I wish you
would have put it in the form of a constructive comment, or at least
separated this signal from the general noise of your posts. But
nevertheless, I see that that section is poorly worded, I understand
your comment, and will address it in a subsequent version of the
  A sincere thank you for this comment!
  Dan.
