
@_date: 2001-10-18 03:58:07
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Next act of the drama ? 
Folks, the MSP has placed the following BE ON THE LOOK OUT BULLETIN (BOLO)
for a theft that occurred in New Jersey yesterday of a 45 foot
trailer/truck combo with hazardous chemicals inside:
Truck:  Freightliner, 2000,  license plate:  NJ  171469, Penske Leasing on
side of cab doors
Trailer:  45 foot, 1988, has name "Crew Rockland" on trailer and a trailer
number of 22A.  License plate NJ  T392VD
BTW warning was placed not to open up the trailer if found.
This is not meant to cause hysteria among us BUT again in our travels we
just might see that trailer somewhere!!!

@_date: 2001-11-08 05:31:30
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Enemy at the Door 
miles.   Given a clear path (clear line of sight) and relatively modest
sized directional antennas (not huge suspicious looking dishes) which
can be concealed under rf transparent radomes (hidden in an attic for
example with appropriate (fiberglass) roofing or siding, or behind a
glass picture window with curtains drawn) getting 10 to 20 mile ranges
is pretty easy with gain antennas on either end... not rocket science
either... and quite hard to spot visually (though of course a spectrum
analyzer with good preamps and antennas will find and locate any hidden
802.11 link in no time flat - one cannot radiate rf from a fixed
location and not be easily found using common TSCM tools).

@_date: 2001-11-18 07:28:43
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: ATM Fiends On A Spree Of Rip-Offs 
at all), but of course there was a very recent disclosure of a hole
in the protocol for accessing the IBM tamperproof crypto processor
used for generating and storing ATM keys that could be exploited if one
could get access to a machine with one in it.   Potentially this flaw
allows readout of the entire set of keys protected by the processor.
problem has been known in at least some form for a year or so.

@_date: 2002-01-01 04:13:36
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Backflow' water-line attack feared 
'Backflow' water-line attack feared             Terrorists could reverse flow in system to introduce toxins             By Yochi J. Dreazen
            THE WALL STREET JOURNAL             Dec. 27 - In St. Petersburg, Fla., water authorities are
keeping a closer eye on system-wide water pressure. In Cleveland,
officials are weighing whether to add more chlorine to their water so
larger amounts of the chemical will linger in their pipes. In Portland,
Ore., alarms are now triggered by smaller drops in water pressure than
in the past.              ACROSS THE COUNTRY, water utility officials are taking
steps to prevent terrorists from reversing the flow of water into a home
or business - which can be accomplished with a vacuum cleaner or bicycle
pump - and using the resulting "backflow" to push poisons into a local
water-distribution system. Such an attack would use utility pipes for
the opposite of their intended purpose: Instead of carrying water out of
a tap, the pipes would spread toxins to nearby homes or businesses.
             Water utility officials say the backflow threat dominates
their post-Sept. 11 discussions with law-enforcement personnel. Although
utilities have posted extra guards to patrol reservoirs and treatment
plants, officials say the biggest threat to the nation's water supply
may be from the pipes that carry the water, not facilities that store or
purify it.                "There's no question that the distribution system is the
most vulnerable spot we have," says John Sullivan, chief engineer for
the Boston Water & Sewer Commission and president of the Association of
Metropolitan Water Agencies. "Our reservoirs are really well protected.
Our water-treatment plants can be surrounded by cops and guards. But if
there's an intentional attempt to create a backflow, there's no way to
totally prevent it."
             Most reservoirs hold between three million and 30 million
gallons of water, which would dilute any poison so significantly that
terrorists would have to release enormous quantities to do serious
damage. And most poison would be destroyed when the water was purified
at a treatment plant. A backflow attack, by contrast, could spread
highly concentrated amounts of poison to a few thousand homes or
businesses, making the toxin far more effective.                So far, the only backflow incidents on record have been
accidental. Four years ago, dozens of gallons of fire-fighting foam
backed up through the hoses of firefighters in Charlotte, N.C., and made
its way into the city's water system, prompting officials to order
thousands of residents not to shower or drink tap water for several
days. In 1998, workers at a United Technologies Corp. Sikorsky
helicopter plant in Bridgeport, Conn., added chemicals to the facility's
fire prevention system to guard against corrosion. Some of the chemicals
backed into the town's water system, deluging area homes with
contaminated water that residents were told not to drink or use for
washing or bathing.              There were no serious injuries in either case, but the
incidents rattled many water officials. Even before the Sept. 11
attacks, fears of an accidental backflow incident led to the creation of
a group called the American Backflow Prevention Association
( which works with lawmakers, water officials and
engineers across the country. The group publishes a newsletter and an
educational comic book for children that features a character named
Buster Backflow.                     Down the pipes?                    The federal government devotes little money to
protecting the nation's water supply system, which many law enforcement
officials see as a potential terrorist target.                      Amount of money spent by the Environmental Protection
Agency to combat bioterrorism in fiscal year ended Sept. 30, 2001: $2.5
million (the agency spent $10,000 on the issue in 1998, no money on it
in 1999, and $100,000 in 2000).                        Amount that municipal and private water-system
officials wanted to see the agency spend on the issue in the current
fiscal year: $155 million.                        Amount the EPA will spend in the current fiscal
year, according to recently passed emergency spending legislation: $90.3
million.                        Total amount of money that water-system officials
want Congress to devote to improving drinking-water and wastewater
plants: $5 billion.                        Total number of municipal water systems across
the country: 54,064.                        Total number of Americans served by the systems:
263.9 million.                        Amount water systems would receive for immediate
security projects, according to a just passed Senate bill: $50 million.            Sources: EPA, American Water Works Association, WSJ research              Still, experts have long feared that a terrorist would try
an intentional attack. As Gay Porter DeNileon - a journalist who serves
on the National Critical Infrastructure Protection Advisory Group, a
water-industry organization - put it in the May issue of the journal of
the American Water Works Association, "One sociopath who understands
hydraulics and has access to a drum of toxic chemicals could inflict
serious damage pretty quickly."                Utility officials say that it is difficult to fully prevent
a backflow incident, but they are hopeful that they can limit the damage
through early detection. The beginning of a backflow attack probably
would be marked by a sudden drop in water pressure in a targeted
neighborhood as terrorists stopped the flow of water into a home or
business. The pressure would then climb as attackers reversed the flow
of water and began using it to carry poison.
             Utilities regularly monitor system-wide water pressure,
because a sharp and unanticipated decrease - at times other than, say,
halftime of the Super Bowl, when tens of millions of American toilets
flush - can indicate that a pipe has burst. Most utilities monitor
pressure at water-treatment plants and inside the underground pipes that
carry the water to nearby homes and businesses; some use advanced
telemetric sensors inside pipes.
             In recent weeks, many utilities say they have increased the
frequency of their checks. "A small drop-off would attract attention it
wouldn't have even a short time ago," says Michelle Clements, a
spokeswoman for Oregon's Portland Water District, which serves 190,000
             But officials concede that it might be difficult for them
to actually spot the minor drop in pressure that could be the start of a
backflow attack. Jeffrey Danneels, who specializes in infrastructure
security at Sandia National Laboratory in New Mexico, says that water
officials might have a hard time detecting a backflow attack originating
in a single home or apartment building. "The smaller the pipe, the
harder it would be to notice," he says.                Another way to protect the public is to increase the
amounts of chlorine or other chemicals added to water so that more of
the chemical will remain in the pipes, providing residual protection
against some toxins, according to Tom Curtis, deputy director of the
American Water Works Association, which represents 4,300 public and
private water utilities.
             At the Cleveland Division of Water, officials are
considering adding more chlorine in areas where residual levels are low,
says Julius Ciaccia Jr., Cleveland's water commissioner. Even before the
Sept. 11 attacks, some utilities had begun replacing the chlorine with
chloramine, a related substance made from the combination of chlorine
and ammonia that is believed to linger in pipes longer. Increasing the
chemicals has drawbacks, however. "You can only go so far before people
begin to complain about the taste," says Curtis.                The only sure way of preventing a backflow attack, water
officials says, is installing valves to prevent water from flowing back
into the pipes. Many homes have such valves on toilets and boilers. But
virtually none have them on sinks, in part because water officials long
assumed that the biggest threat they faced was natural, such as an
earthquake, flood or hurricane carrying debris into a reservoir or pipe.
Water officials say retrofitting existing structures with the valves
would be prohibitively expensive.
             "We're used to natural incidents. We're ready for them,"
says Sullivan of the Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies. "But
we've never really looked at what could happen if someone really wanted
to come and get us. And that's a hard adjustment to make."
             Copyright ) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
      All Rights Reserved.

@_date: 2002-05-16 03:44:18
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: An interesting discovery (if true) in the UK... 
Now that's interesting research!
What equipment do you have access to?  Can you see data on the BUS?
Can you probe the IF or is this within an IC?  If you can confirm it's
monitoring the control channel of your closest cell, that's a major
discovery.  I would probably go to the software level next and find
exactly what functionality is available when in this mode.
Look forward to hearing of your findings.
------------------------ Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~-->
Save 30% on Web addresses! Get with the times, get a web site. Share information, pictures, your hobby, or start a business. Great names are still available- get yours before someone else does!

@_date: 2002-06-03 05:34:41
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
there and at least millions of existing NTSC analog capture cards.  Many if not most can do acceptable fidelity conversion of analog audio
and video to digital formats if programmed correctly. And there are even
a few tens of thousands (or more) of new generation PCI cards that
capture ATSC digital video (including HDTV) direct to disk in the clear.
obselete ISA based designs, but there are certainly enough reasonably
current boards around so that it will be a long long while before the population of working systems capable of performing analog to
digital conversion of either watermarked audio or video reaches insignificance.   And without that point being reached, anything else
seems pretty ineffective as per your point above.
don't turn in that Creative Soundblaster from the old PC in the attic
closet isn't going to fly.   The sheeple may be sheep but even they
aren't going to accept that kind of nonsense from Hollywood or any
corrupt congress.
the big time and the public really is faced with crippled devices
that don't work and mandatory obselescence of existing expensive
computer and entertainment systems with potential jail time for
use of old equipment that the backlash will be so intense that
raw public votes will control over Hollywood money.

@_date: 2002-07-19 06:04:01
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: They will damn well try to legislate DRM] 
is both possible and there is precedent (in respect to other consumer
electronic gear) for legislating restrictions on consumer PCs in the
hands of the general public without controlling or restricting PCs used
for business, commercial, scientific, or technical purposes.
legislated because of the magnitude of the impact to the economy
conveniantly ignores the possibility of a bill that restricts new PCs
sold for home use by ordinary consumers but allows all the computers
in the business economy to function without TCPA or DRM if they choose.
realistic needs and would only force consumers to upgrade to the closed
boxes if they wanted the new content, not force wholesale replacements
of offices full of PCs.
offer software or hardware to the general public that was not DRM'd or
allow the general public complete access to their networked machines
even for personal use only.

@_date: 2002-07-17 19:28:01
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Another restriction on technology - cell and cordless 
....
  ....   THE CRITICAL EXCEPTIONS FOR RADIO SIGNALS FOLLOW...
public" means in section 2510:
illegal (and now a felony by the way - even before the CSEA becomes law).
(becoming more common in some places I understand as carriers go into that
business) would clearly be illegal.
there.   And the frequencies are public (and a ham band to boot)...
radio service clause would apply and trump everything else - especially
if you are a ham as most of the 2.4 ghz 802.11b band is also allocated
as a ham band.  I know of no court tests of whether the cordless phone
prohibitions (with cordless phones at both 2.4 ghz and 900 mhz which
are both ham bands too) apply to hams intercepting cordless phones that
also operate in those bands... nor how that impacts WEP interception.

@_date: 2002-07-16 19:15:31
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Another restriction on technology - cell and cordless scanning 
(7/15/02) by an overwhelming margin of 385-3.
computer hacking that causes death or serious injury to life in prison
and allows government monitoring of communications and email without
warrants in even more circumstances is the following seeming obscure
reads as foilows....  the CESA will strike part  (b) of this language.
intercepting an unscrambled and unencrypted radio communication that is
not supposed to be listened to (eg AMPS cellular calls, commercial
pagers, cordless phones, common carrier communications) for hobby
purposes (eg not a tortuous or illegal purpose or for direct or indirect
commercial advantage or private commercial gain) from a misdemeanor (one
year or less prison time) to a federal FELONY (5 years prison time).
listening to a cell call, cordless call, a pager, or a public land
mobile radio service communication (eg a telephone interconnect) from a
minor offense for which one can be fined a maximum of $500 to a federal
FELONY for which one can be imprisoned for up to 5 years.
negotiations over the ECPA back in 1985-86 which ensured that first
offenses for hobby radio listening were only treated as minor crimes -
after this law is passed simply intentionally tuning a common scanner to
the (non-blocked) cordless phone frequencies could be prosecuted as a
felony for which one could serve 5 years in jail.
conviction (even without any jail time) deprives one of the right to
vote, to own firearms, to be employed in a number of high level jobs and
professions, to hold certain professional licenses and permits, and
important for certain readers of these lists  absolutely eliminates for
life the possibility of holding any kind of security clearance whatever
(a recent change in the rules) - something required for many if not most
interesting government and government related jobs.
frequencies in your scanner could conceivably result in life long loss
of important rights and privileges.
irrelevant since it merely changes the penalties for an already illegal
act (which you are not supposed to be engaged in) and doesn't make
anything new illegal.   But this is a rather naive view.   hobbyist for radio communications interception under the old version of
the ECPA if the worst penalty that could be levied was a $500 fine -
there simply is not the budget or the staff to prosecute people for what
would be a very minor offense (equivalent of a speeding ticket).   And
even prosecuting hobbyists for more serious interception (eg not
cellular, cordless or pagers) was still a misdemeanor offense prosecution
with jail time unlikely.
had a commercial purpose or otherwise engaged in egregious and public
(eg the Newt call) conduct - no  ever got prosecuted.  And this
was doubtless the intent of Congress back in 1985-86 - it would be
illegal to monitor certain radio traffic but only a minor offense if you
did so for hobby type personal curiosity or just to hack with the
equipment or technology - and a serious felony if one engaged in such
conduct for the purpose of committing a crime or gaining financial or
commercial advantage (eg true spying or electronic eavesdropping).
it will be quite possible for a federal prosecution of a hobbyist for
illegal radio listening to be justified as a serious felony offense
worth the time and effort and money to try and put in jail even if the
offense is not for a commercial purpose or part of an illegal scheme.
Thus "radio hacker" prosecutions have now become possible, and even
perhaps probable.
advancement and attention from senior management in their agencies in
direct proportion to the seriousness of the offense they are
investigating and prosecuting - nobody ever advances to senior agent for
going after jaywalkers, thus by raising the level of less than legal
hobby radio monitoring offenses from a jaywalking class offense to a
serious felony for which there can be real jail time it becomes much
more interesting from a career perspective to prosecute radio listening
 a barrel type things given that many individuals are quite open on
Internet newsgroups and mailing lists about their activities.
of making the rather ambiguous and unclear meaning of "readily
accessible to the general public" in 18 USC 2510 and 2511 much more
significant, since intercepting something that isn't readily accessible
to the general public is now clearly a serious crime even if done for
hobby purposes as a first offense.   Thus one has to be much more
careful about making sure that the signal is a legal one... significant to radio listeners on Internet scanner lists ....
revised a bit lately, and that this new section 4 (see above) now makes
it a federal felony with 5 years in jail penalties to violate section 1
INCLUDING the following provisions of section 1:
hobby list posting any hint of the contents of a radio communications
that might or might not have been legally intercepted from a potentially
minor misdemeanor offense or less to a serious felony.   Thus if a court
finds that any communication reported on an Internet list was not
legally intercepted, felony penalties apply for publishing the
information even if the interception was for hobby purposes (which of
course most scanner list intercepts are).
assume that since the Bush administration has been pushing for the
passage of this bill that they perhaps intend to start prosecuting at
least some category of radio  under the new provisions - no
doubt as an example meant to scare the rest of us into handing our
radios in at the nearest police station...

@_date: 2002-11-20 07:13:59
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: News: House votes life sentences for hackers (fwd) 
version that the above link points to.
very carefully.
of section 2511 (4).

@_date: 2003-02-05 06:18:52
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Tiny whiskers make huge memory storage 
in existance out there ?  Are they in daily use or merely laboratory
curiosities ?
recovery services, but as far as I have ever heard they mostly work with
non overwritten data on disks that have bad electronics, bad motors, bad
head actuators, damaged formating, bad servo tracks, bad heads, damaged
surfaces and so forth.   The most I have ever heard of being routinely
done is reading data off a platter with a special external head
positioned by special mechanics and servo systems.
with disks with corrupt filesystems but largely or entirely intact
information content on the platters.  This includes partially erased
filesystems and file systems with key information blocks that cannot be
reliably read or that have been overwritten by garbage.  sectors that have been overwritten once or multiple times.
practical production systems and proven techniques for retrieving
overwritten data ?   How good are they - what BERs are obtainable for
what percentage of data ?
infer that a particular bit a of key has a slightly greater than 50%
chance of being a 1 or 0, but for most users retrieving email or
documents with  even one or two corrupt characters in them per page may
not be very interesting even if it is possible.
minds of a jury if the data is really garbled, even if it seems
(business data recovery and evidence) any multi-layer ghost data
recovery would have to be pretty good to be worth investing in.   The
NSA/CIA, however might be interested in anything at all under some
circumstances - without those limitations.
and how expensive is the gear ?  Who actually has working setups in use ?
And how many layers down can they really read ?  And with what BER ?

@_date: 2003-02-05 06:18:52
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Tiny whiskers make huge memory storage 
in existance out there ?  Are they in daily use or merely laboratory
curiosities ?
recovery services, but as far as I have ever heard they mostly work with
non overwritten data on disks that have bad electronics, bad motors, bad
head actuators, damaged formating, bad servo tracks, bad heads, damaged
surfaces and so forth.   The most I have ever heard of being routinely
done is reading data off a platter with a special external head
positioned by special mechanics and servo systems.
with disks with corrupt filesystems but largely or entirely intact
information content on the platters.  This includes partially erased
filesystems and file systems with key information blocks that cannot be
reliably read or that have been overwritten by garbage.  sectors that have been overwritten once or multiple times.
practical production systems and proven techniques for retrieving
overwritten data ?   How good are they - what BERs are obtainable for
what percentage of data ?
infer that a particular bit a of key has a slightly greater than 50%
chance of being a 1 or 0, but for most users retrieving email or
documents with  even one or two corrupt characters in them per page may
not be very interesting even if it is possible.
minds of a jury if the data is really garbled, even if it seems
(business data recovery and evidence) any multi-layer ghost data
recovery would have to be pretty good to be worth investing in.   The
NSA/CIA, however might be interested in anything at all under some
circumstances - without those limitations.
and how expensive is the gear ?  Who actually has working setups in use ?
And how many layers down can they really read ?  And with what BER ?
