
@_date: 2005-03-31 09:26:18
@_author: DigitalMobilcom 
@_subject: IM anyone from anywhere with your new Free T-Mobile Sidekick Cell Phone! 
Introducing the ultimate communication device
The thin new T-Mobile Sidekick II makes it even easier to stay in the know (and on the go). Flip open the big color screen and shoot off unlimited e-mails on the better-than-ever QWERTY keyboard. Snap a photo with the new built-in camera and send it to your friends. Hop online and check your top Web picks. Or just pick up your Sidekick II and make a call.
On second thought, don't bother picking it up. It's also got a speakerphone.
E-mail - Get your own free 6 MB e-mail account (username You can also set up as many as three external e-mail accounts to deliver e-mail directly to your Sidekick II inbox. Note: Corporate e-mail is not supported.
Instant messaging - Chat instantly, anywhere, with even more buddies, using the installed AOL® Instant Messenger™ (AIM®) service. Or you can download the Yahoo!® Messenger through the Download Fun™ catalog.
Full-featured world phone - Get a better phone experience with the improved design of Sidekick II--now with speakerphone! You can even personalize yours by downloading HiFi Ringers™ (clips of actual music) and MegaTones® (ringtones that sound like the real thing). Web browser - Unlimited real Web browsing allows you to surf virtually all of your favorite sites--at lightning speeds. Camera with flash - The new integrated camera with built-in flash allows you to snap a shot and share it with friends. It even comes with your own online photo gallery.
Organizer - Do it all from your Sidekick II--check your calendar, find a phone number, write a note, and update your "to do" list--and synchronize wirelessly to your desktop interface.
Cool phone upgrades - You'll dig the improved phone comfort and upgraded phone features, like Photo Caller ID, handier external navigation buttons, and more!
All T-Mobile phones support VoiceMail, caller ID, conference calling, call forwarding, call waiting, call hold, built-in paging, and access to 411 And More. In addition, all T-Mobile phones support text and instant messaging.
Your email address is cypherpunks
TM: <29;0osMzcHMAe7N94k8cxH4UoYQ;21447029>
