
@_date: 2001-09-12 04:59:26
@_author: Normen Nomesco 
@_subject: Re: RE: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
Then how come 84 unarmed people could not take aproximatly 4 people armed with razor blades.
Agh, I see it, they didn't have guns.  Shit 10 kids could probably rush and take an adult
armed with a knife, if they rushed him.  At least one terrorist was flying, so what thats
84 people against 3 armed with exacto razor blades?
Bullshit, they had knives and sharp instruments.  No matter how well
How about odds of 20 to 1 with the one having a knife....

@_date: 2001-09-12 03:03:10
@_author: Normen Nomesco 
@_subject: Re: RE: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
Gun ranges are places were reasonable people go in a normal state of mind
a gun range is not the real world
the real world does not have a weapons master on site
and you are not given ear plugs and the chance to reload

@_date: 2001-09-12 02:36:21
@_author: Normen Nomesco 
@_subject: Re: RE: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
Oh and Im sure having guns on board planes would work out great
especially considering the increase of people having huge fucking fits
and having to be held down on planes, yeah, lets arm people on planes.
Have you ever fucking even been on a plan?  I wouldn't trust most of my fellow
monkeys with a sharp edge on the free peanuts.
I am sickened that you would make this correlation in an attempt
to further the banner of gun proliferation.
Did you ever stop to think that
If you could bring a gun on board a plane, the terrorist would have GUNS
instead of knifes and cardboard cutters.
Yeah, im sure mr fat and lazy American middle class business man
with his .38 and his 20 hours on the range will be able to easily take on
someone who has spent 30 years fighting as a terrorist and being trained
sine he was 10 years old.  Fighting against some of the best and well equipped
formal militaries in the world,  the equivalent of a hyper religious navy seal.
I can see it now, 2 blue haired republican nuns with .22 took them on and won and the world was safe.
Yeah, I am sure that having guns on the plane would have saved everyone.
Even on this list, I rarely say it
your a fucking moron
