
@_date: 2002-02-13 18:57:32
@_author: "Daniel J. Boone" 
@_subject: Idiots, explosives, and big breasts 
A satire -- we hope -- courtesy of the Project Safe Skies mailing
Daniel J. Boone, Lawyer
"No man's life, liberty, or property is safe when the
legislature is in session."  -- Olongo Featherstone-Haugh
WASHINGTON, D.C. - The FAA is set to unleash a firestorm of criticism
early next week when it issues a directive to airlines calling for
"close, hands-on inspection" of all women with large breasts who are
checking in for flights.
The agency had considered this step for some time, as is quite easy to
conceal large amounts of C-4 inside a brassiere, but after last
incident when a terrorist concealed explosives inside his shoes, the
feels it has no choice but to proceed.
Tests have shown that a 42D bra can easily contain sufficient
explosives to
fatally damage a 747. And many bras, especially the very popular
have wire harnesses built in which can easily be adapted to a
"The problem is not the size of the mammaries, per se, but to
determine if
what is inside them is indeed, the real thing, so to speak. Breasts
have a
certain feel, a certain consistency of texture, which is far different
C-4, and about the only way you can determine if the real thing, as it
is to subject them to a vigorous pat-down and squeeze," an agency
said yesterday.
Critics, especially NOW, have been quick to voice their opposition.
profiling, it's sexist, and it's discriminatory," NOW's legal counsel
reported. "And besides, it's not the chest measurement, it's the CUP
that counts. Everyone knows a 32D is far more dangerous than a 38AA."
NOW is going to write to Atty General Ashcroft to demand that he
take a hands-on approach to developing standards for these
inspections. "As
women, NOW recognizes the need for enhanced security, but come, on,
this is
a  dangerous jiggling of our Constitutional rights."
NOW has stated that they will advise all their members to refuse to be
patted down and squeezed, rather they will suggest that their members
remove their blouses and bras at the check-in gate to prove that they
are not concealing any contraband. When told of this, the FAA
responded, "YEEECCCHHH! Have you ever seen these NOW ladies?"
Aside from increased airline safety, another positive from this new
directive is an expected quintupling of the number of applicants for
position of security screeners at airports. Indeed, demand for
is so high that the government is considering lowering the starting
Said Transportation Secretary Norman Mineta, "Obviously, if you have a
popular job position, where people are beating down the door to apply,
don't have to pay a competitive wage. This could save the government,
ultimately the airlines, billions each year"
In a related development, it is expected that Hollywood celebrities
Madonna, Pamela Anderson, and Jennifer Lopez, will soon abandon their
private jets, in order to fly commercial. Paparazzi are already
out the best locations.
The new security procedures will no doubt result in lengthy delays.
when we had delays at airports, we would say that planes were 'stacked
up,'" one FAA wag noted, though off the record. "This gives a whole
new meaning
to the term 'stacked,'" he snickered.
When asked what was the FAA's policy on breast implants, the spokesman
that were well aware of the question and were studying it avidly, but
needed more time to get their hands around the size of the problem."
Finally, the White House has announced that former President Bill
has  volunteered his services free of charge to train Airport

@_date: 2002-03-25 07:56:35
@_author: "Daniel J. Boone" 
@_subject: Re: Buying reputations...and turnips 
And indeed, it is so appreciated.  "Ebayer" is just about the worst
epithet someone can be called in the Everquest world.  Ebayers are
feared and dreaded, because they breed chaos and random unanticipated
meaningless instant "death".
But the economics are compelling.  There are MANY specific items of
gear in Everquest that can each take 50+ hours of gameplay to obtain.
If I were in a position to spend that same time doing professional
work at $100 per hour, the opportunity cost to me of obtaining that
item could exceed five grand.  Viewed in that light, purchasing a
character on eBay that is pre-equipped with, say, four such items for
a mere $700 is a downright bargain.  Effectively, I'd be paying some
fourteen-year-old twenty-nine cents an hour for his ample spare time.

@_date: 2002-03-08 20:24:02
@_author: "Daniel J. Boone" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Teen Anarchist Back Online Despite FBI & Big ISPs 
I'm sure the persons responsible for implementing this policy have
proper Orwellian training.  "Good violence" and "bad violence" and all
that.  "Inciting violence?  Well, we don't mean that literally,
obviously -- but we know the inappropriate stuff when we see it, and
we don't want that kind of thing on our system."

@_date: 2002-04-30 21:29:33
@_author: "Daniel J. Boone" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
Don't forget, they arrested the guy who bought a truckload of candy at
Costco just before Halloween....
I never did hear if they let him out or if he is still rotting in
"preventive detention...."

@_date: 2002-05-14 18:48:41
@_author: "Daniel J. Boone" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Eyes on the Prize...not the Millicent Ghetto 
Neat!  I need to get out more.  A thin sheaf of those would add
considerable spice to the old "slip the envelope out of the inside
breast pocket of your suit coat" transactions.

@_date: 2002-05-14 00:22:32
@_author: "Daniel J. Boone" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
her to
All of which reminds me of the punchline to that old joke about the
man whose doctor told him to stop smoking, drinking, and eating fast
food if he wanted to live longer.
"Doctor, you call THAT living?"
The point being that subsistance survival is not *living* in the sense
used here.
