
@_date: 2002-05-08 22:34:09
@_author: David A Molnar 
@_subject: Tim and Wayne on nanotubules 
[This is part II of the conversation referenced in a previous email.]
[Wayne to Tim:]
Two things:
I met the nutbar who argues for these nanotubules at the first
Artificial Life Conference, in 1987. His name escapes me, but he's a
professor of anesthesiology (!!) in Arizona (Az State, I believe). Ah, I
just remembered his name: Stuart Hameroff.
(At that same conference were some interesting folks: Richard Dawkins,
Stuart Kauffman, Eric Drexler, Lindenmayer, William Calvin, Kevin Kelly,
James Gleich, and about a hundred other interesting folks. Hameroff was
definitely one of the weirdest.)
Secondly, Tegmark is well-known for his "all mathematics" multiverse
model. I have his paper, which is amusing, but he offers no support for
his theory (as he cheerfully admits) and this is, fortunately for his
career, not his main focus.
Though I strongly doubt consciousness has anything to do with tubules in
the brain, I doubt even more strongly that an astrophysicist at Penn
State (I think it is) has "disproven" this.
IMO, this is hand-waving.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes;
perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks."
--Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2002-05-08 22:33:02
@_author: David A Molnar 
@_subject: is schrodinger's cat a paradox? (was "bad guys vs good guys") 
[The following is an off-list discussion between myself, Tim, and Wayne.
We decided it might be of some interest for other readers, so here you go.
Comments are roughly in the order received.]
I thought it had been proven, by Zurich and others, that
Schroedinger's Cat paradoxes can't exist. That is that
quantum decoherence always occurs before the superposed
system reaches a certain scale, without any observer
paradox. No?
 I had not previously been aware of this. Thanks for pointing it out!
 A Google search reveals this account, which seems to be sort of a
 popular account of some related results:
  but I don't see the mention of a Zurich. Can you remember any more
 details?
There's a Zurek who's at Los Alamos (or was a few years ago). Checking
my copy of "Complexity, Entropy and the Physics of Information," edited
by him, his full name is Wojciech H. Zurek. Very active in the
"decoherence" biz.
However, as Dave notes below, saying quantum decoherence occurs doesn't
say much about paradoxes. Which, by the way, I didn't say exist. I don't
view the "Schrodinger cat" as a paradox, but as a situation. There are
several _interpretations_, but all give the same result: the cat is
seen, or measured, to be in only one of the two states.
My point about topos theory and QM, being pioneered by Chris Isham,
Fotini Markopolou, and others (soinme Russians) is that the language of
topos theory is a more natural fit to QM than is that of Boolean algebra
and "the cat has to be either dead or alive, so the measurement process
must "collapse" the wave function or maybe pick between the parallel
As to the macroscopic size of the cat causing decoherence, this was
basically know to Schrodinger, Rosen, Einstein, all the others. No one
was ever actually arguing that the cat was in some weird mixed state
inside the box, except as a thought experiment to make the microscopic
situation more intuitively real.
But for an electron in a slit experiment, decoherence does _not_ occur
and we are left with the "Schrodinger's electron" situation, so the
points about topos theory still apply.
 In any case, it's not clear what it means for Tim's argument even if
 there are not actually "schrodinger cat states" in nature - aside from
 removing it as an example of something which is "neither yes nor no."
Yes, we can not use the S. cat if it results in claims about decoherence
