
@_date: 2016-04-07 00:04:43
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] A humble recommendation 
Agreed, but remember not only are they only 1 branch of the US
government, if they're acting without the authority and direction of
the ELECTED executive, you are at a better legal position than they.
Hey, my VT220 doesn't allow italics.  And it's simpler to hold down
the shift key when typing than searching for asteriks.
Remaining in one's center yes.  Blatant corruption by a Judge, show
me.  Most every time people are victims to Judges who expect certain
kinds of proceedings that decades of lawyers have spoiled them with.
You have to remind them that it's a gov't of the People, not lawyers.
Well I'm responding also to the idea that people are victims, they are
not.  They are usually complicit actors and beneficiaries of the
SYSTEM.  My personal story is too complex about how a taser shredded
my immune system so that now I can hardly fight for anything due to
the clinical depression.

@_date: 2016-04-06 23:28:52
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] A humble recommendation 
Sorry.  I should have been more clear.  I've been assaulted three
times by police fighting for justice in America.  I've seen them on
the inside.  I've mastered the Law it takes to defend yourself and in
order to do that YOU HAVE TO APPRECIATE THE BASIS OF THE LAW.
They are too thick-headed to appreciate the little guys point of view,
but if you appreciate the law, you can be the victor.
There's serious injustice as I've said happening in America.  But
nearly everyone you report to is complicit.  They are not victims.
They like their redmeat, their television, their iPhone.  Why should
they fight for those with no voice?  (That's the question I had to
answer -- and ANSWERED.)

@_date: 2016-04-06 20:57:34
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] A humble recommendation 
No, you are being manipulated to giving up on your own legal system.
There is no mention of tyranny in the early colonies, not by blacks,
whites, nor the red man.
Consider this though:  do you think the Black population has cared
about the Indian when they celebrate "Black History Month" with all
their singing and celebration?
It's all theatre.

@_date: 2016-04-06 20:45:35
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] A humble recommendation 
That is a good issue.  In almost every case, the prisoner is more
innocent that the leaders who have killed people in cold blood,
without remorse or empathy --the textbook definition of "psychopath".
Yet there is no world police to arrest the leaders and take them to
court and see if their acts were righteous or not.
The only explanation is that lawyers are sucking the tits of Satan.
Because, it's only a very simple legal argument to make that a drug
dealer is working CONSENSUALLY in a FREE MARKET SYSTEM with products
whose effects are *mostly* limited to the INDIVIDUAL's liberty.  Even
a murder case, can be argued for, since the State has set the example.
I don't buy the idea that most prisoners are black.  I think this is
Leftist media propaganda.  I've seen prisons.  They typically
segregate the population, yet it was clear that there were just as
many whites as there were blacks, perhaps more (and this was in LA

@_date: 2016-04-06 19:43:42
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] A humble recommendation 
No, the American Revolution was fought to bring the colonies
independence from tyranny and instigated by the Boston Tea Party
incident and the Declaration of Independence.  The latter is good to
re-read to see very pointedly the ideals held.
That may be your interpretation, but given the foundation of "which it
stands" and by the letter of the Law, you have tremendous advantage
you can leverage on you, the individual's, behalf--regardless of how
corrupt various Legislative acts have made the Law as it stands today.
Remember the Bar Association is an unconstitutional monopoly that has
intimidated people out of their own rights by convincing them that the
law belongs to them.  Not so.  Even if they argue that they wrote a
Law, it is up to the elected Official to enforce it AND the Court to
uphold it as obeying the SPIRIT of the law (not the LETTER).
Constitutionally, police have no power EXCEPT as authorized by your
elected leader.  They are not mentioned at all in the Constitution.
Frankly, the whole federal government is a mess, and if you get
arrested for some heinous crime like copying data from a corporate
server somewhere, you need to point out that the federal executive
branch (which would be probably doing the arrest) is a schizoid,
psychotic mess and should not be trusted.  (To wit:  the "Department
of Justice".... under.... the Executive Branch. WTF?  Issues of
Justice are handled by the Judicial BRANCH.  It's not up to the
Executive to decide that they're executing Justice.)
Don't believe it.  The rights remain among the People and no Court is
going to be able to argue otherwise.  The Left has GIVEN away power,
mostly to media (do you question the veracity of national news?),
which is why the Internet is so important.

@_date: 2016-04-06 02:39:39
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] A humble recommendation 
Hi, sorry for barging in....
The solution to the problems of state is not better cyptography.
Those are nice techniques which will be useful for other things.  The
solution to the problems of State is to fix the State.   Because the
scenario of overthrowing the government and instating a
socialists/anarchist/whatever state is not going to be a welcome
solution to the existing populace.  Absent that, you only have hiding
from the State or other minor changes which aren't ultimately
The solution for fixing the State of America (which is the first
domino in the chain) is to remember that the American Revolution
fought for the same ideals as us and USE THE LAW.  It is unambiguously
in the hands of the People.  There's no way a Court, hanging a US flag
can ignore principles of that the nation was founded on.
See  for several cracks in
the behemoth/ juggernaut of what is now "America".
So transparent as to be invisible...

@_date: 2016-04-17 21:32:06
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Robert_De_Niro_and_Autism_=E2=80=93_a_Tragic_Drama_of_?= =?UTF-8?Q?Intimidation?= 
Are you sure you want to go here Juan?  Because like it or not, and no
matter how uncool or unmetro it is, cutting off your penis does not
make you a woman.  Yet the LBGQT crowd woudl debase women by calling
such crippled men "women".  Also, poop doesn't and cannot make
love--you're body rejects the material coming out of your anus, why
wouldn't be pathological?  How about men who eat poop in the psych
wards?  Should the people who are evaluating them be considered
"Pseudo-scientific garbage"?
Feel free to take all the time you need to explain your position...

@_date: 2016-06-24 01:16:58
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: tools for enrollment 
Yes, but John, you are mistaking media bullshit for reality.  If you
ever get busted for drugs, tell the court what you just said and that
they'd have to outlaw prime-rib and cheesecake because they are also
bad for you.
I no longer believe in media.  I've seen the Court from the inside.
What's happening is far stranger and has to do with the intimidating
power of the all-seeing-eye and how it controls everything with Latin:
medical system, legal system, and commerce.
Twain was right.  No one's competent enough to be this malicious.

@_date: 2016-06-07 23:17:15
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: the nature of the internet 
Nice to see some old-timers in the debate.
I'll argue that there is no need NOR *desire* for the government to
kill itself, but it will be forced to deal with its weaknesses.
Forgive me if these topics have been beaten to death, I've only
recently re-entered cypherpunks domain after being away for 20 years.
The Constitution was founded on pretty solid principles:  liberty and
justice for all. If there's any problem with the government, it is
because the citizens have become weak, cowardly, or stupid perhaps all
three.  But indeed the weaknesses of the Law could hardly be analyzed
because of the immense power that the legal-political-media
establishment had acquired since WWII -- most people had simply
adapted (with TV), become numb (via psyche drugs), and were quite
content with their beef steak.
The problem isn't the government, it's that we have a society of
addicts that are farmed for GDP--and hardly anyone knows it because of
the reasons given above.  The people who DO are mostly at the bottom,
beaten down on indian reservations, or in prison already.
We really have two problems:  1) the need to address the prior wrongs
or history and force the People to deal with themselves, and 2) to
correct the weaknesses in the Constitution that allowed these problems
to grow into such monstrous proportions.
Great paper.
Great point to remind the younguns, Jim.  One major fix to all these
problems is to simply change the voting model.  The winner-takes-all
voting system and the current Constitution REQUIRES the election of
incompetence to power.  The current system does not allow the full
opinion of the electorate to be heard.  I know that PoliSci has tried
to solve this problem in the past, but it has only *recently* been
solved:  bi-valent, fractional voting
(  In short, there is
no need for primaries.  For every candidate on the ballot (say 4), the
voter gets a token to allocate however s/he wants, POSITIVE or
NEGATIVE on each.  If the voter wishes to put ALL 4 against or in
support of a candidate they can do so.  The key is:  if there are no
candidates who receive a NET positive vote THERE IS NO ELECTED
OFFICIAL for that season and the politics REVERTs back to the
next-lower down level of governance (50 regional government, for
example).  And if the election goes all the way down to city MAYORAL
elections and there still is no positive vote for a candidate, the law
reverts back to the People until someone gets a fire up their butt to
run for office with a real plan and vision that people believe in.
Think about it:  this single change is simple and dramatic,
reasonable, effective, and costs less.
Jefferson said to tear down government when it no longer serves us.
I say just change the voting model so that people can trust that their
opinion means something (votes are simply "in support "and nothing)
and that idiots don't get into office with enormous power at their
Mark Janssen, PhD
Gothenburg, Nebraska

@_date: 2016-06-16 14:05:16
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: Shit The FBI Says... 
That's not a legitimate complaint.  The local mayor could still
protest the installation of such devices on her/his city.  If the
directive to install such devices does not come from a higher up
executive, there''s no reason not to protest if it's undesired.
The FBI, like all law enforcement, isn't supposed to act like
renegades, taking Justice into their own hands.  They can be liable
for CIVIL lawsuits (without the protection of the government) of
acting on their own like that.  (Those employees, to protect
themselves, should make sure they have the request from the President
in writing.).
Here's another schizoid thing about it all.  Quiz:  The Department of
Justice is under the Executive Branch or the Judicial Branch.  Oh, the
Executive, so it just want its own brand of Justice, is that it?
Because what's supposed to happen is that people are to be charged
with a crime by the executive, and THEN it goes in front of a Court to
be heard.
The other thing is, that the municipal, county, and state government
can say NO to such installations.  Don't complain about the federal
government, complain about your local mayor.

@_date: 2016-07-06 14:44:28
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: gmail usage 
Users have an expectation of privacy, but not necessarily a right to
it.  Without payment of services, there is no implied contract.  (That
can be argued both ways though.)
You can encrypt your message within gmail (or any free email provider).

@_date: 2016-07-17 20:53:32
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: on grokiing intention 
In what sense was it rhetorical?  Do you think he wasn't wondering
what or whom to believe amidst conflicting stories?  It's not a simple
question when the media bombards you with it.
And, sorry, Hegel is likely the only answer as it incorporates the
scientific method as well as EVERY OTHER.  Was there another?

@_date: 2016-07-17 19:21:58
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: on grokiing intention 
Who to believe?  Try getting out and traveling.  You can experience
reality without believing anything.  Then you can formulate differing
opinions into new synthesis of understanding.
Understand that concept from Hegel, it can enlighten you.

@_date: 2016-09-22 18:51:10
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: group ("tribe") authority, and The State legitimacy 
The argument is simple:  there are two entirely rational pressures to
transition the planet, two religious prophesies heralding such, and
two secular-mystical prophesies for it.  That pretty much covers
EVERYBODY.  There come a time in humanities evolution where
individualism (which grew civilization to this point) must give rise
to collaboration and inter-dependence.
The Internet was SUPPOSED to be the revolutionary solution for such,
but all the Jabbascripters co-opted it into the same problems as
CAPITALISM:  glam and commerce.
The question really is:  does anyone deserve it? and there I have to
side with the anarchists the major part:  no.  So then the question
is, can we use the religious ideas of REDEMPTION and RETRIBUTION to
exact change and redeem the dirty money that capitalism has wrought.
I argue:  yes.  I have found the answers to the questions that
Christians can't resolve, that the Jews don't know, and that the
Muslims were wrong about.
So, indeed, there might be the strategies to be had.  But who's
willing to step up to it?
Raises hand,

@_date: 2016-09-10 15:24:58
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: New list confirmation (Re: cpunks list relocation imminent (was: Re: moving on)) 
Nice msg.  Because of your interest in the topic, you may also like
There cypherpunks can find a home.

@_date: 2016-09-01 17:43:20
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_=5BWAR=5D_Yugoslavia_=2D_Wrongly_Accused=3A_The_Absoluti?= =?UTF-8?Q?on_of_Slobodan_ 
It's not the USA -- it's every adult who let people with no voice be
ignored so that their party could continue indefinitely.
There is a lot wrong with science these days and Judgement Day seems
to happening. The media can't be trusted, but perhaps you're a bot and
that's all you have, eh?
gdoing in

@_date: 2016-09-03 19:43:34
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: FOR once and FOR ALL 
Oh, and another thing.  Just so that we're all clear of the utter
stupidity of it all (even though it's mentioned in the links I gave
prior):  the Internet Revolution was co-opted into the same fucking
forces as capitalism in America:  GLAM and COMMERCE.  Did you notice
that the simple O(N^2) value generation of the Net is co-opted into a
mere O(N log N) value by network large site co-opting user attention
into data silos to hook them in there for advertising revenue?  The
Net's value originally (back in the late 90's) was scaling value in
the order of Reed's Law:  super-exponential value generation (O(2^N))
by the addition of creating arbitrary groupings (like this cypherpunks
mailing list) on top of the otherwise N^2 value of a effectively
fully-connected network.
So, graph it out:  an 2^N curve versus a N log N curve and watch as
the values of N go above 100.
THAT is the political battle that THIS list should worry about as it
is/was about the Internet Revolution.
Now please give me a report on what you learned in the four texts I
linked to you.

@_date: 2016-09-03 19:07:40
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: FOR once and FOR ALL 
Then let me tell you:  you didn't come from apes -- nobody did.  The
fact that there are "DNA" similarities are because there was a human
BEFORE mammals existed.  The reason there is continual turmoil in the
Middle East is because SCIENCE is trying to ERADICATE their TRUTHS.
The all-seeing-eye is not from the same human stock as those of the
West.  In fact, there are at least THREE genii of men:  homo, hetero,
and amphi sapiens.  (Which is probably why they started trying to tack
on a SECOND sapiens onto homo:  homo sapiens sapiens).  We are NOT
homo (for those of us who come from mothers).
Well, now you have it.

@_date: 2016-09-03 18:36:39
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: FOR once and FOR ALL 
Let's get this straight so all you can shut up or put up:  There are
two futures: one of an Apocalypse or one of Enlightenment.  There are
four prophesies (two religious and two mystical/new age) and two
purely rational arguments why a dramatic and planetary shift MUST and
WILL happen in one form or another.
All this in-fighting is worthless.  If you want the good future it
will take Truths that you do not yet have or Righteousness for those
who have NO voice in the world.  These groups are right in America, no
need to think they're far off and inaccessible.
The experts have been wrong -- all of them.  Whether it's medical
doctors (who have never made a sane nor healthy world) or scientists
(who have not secured a safer future and have wrapped themselves in a
elaborate narrative exactly reminiscent of the Allegory of Plato's
Cave) or religion (who have never even been held to their own creeds
like protecting Earth and Do Not Kill), the failure also lies on all
the MASSES (you and me) who have allowed this clusterfuck to happen
and continue everyday.  You are using your smartphone and sipping
coffee to browse the web and be cool, right?
All these petty issues like bitcoin and encryption, or occupy and gay
rights are so far down the spectrum as to be laughable.  The value of
cypherpunks is tools for greater activism or personal development, not
hiding from the State like little peons, but TRANSCENDING it.
Read Hack the Law at hackerspaces wiki or New World Order, also at
that site.  Either the future is made BY us, or it is destroyed by US.
Which is it?

@_date: 2016-09-03 19:17:01
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: Continual Violation of List Charter 
Anarchy doesn't scale.  What will you expect with billion+ people
without societal structure?  Watch World War Z and then Book of Eli to
find out.
The future will probably be some mix of Apocalypse and Enlightenment,
with the latter growing over the former.  Some Judgement will happen,
but unfortunately or not, it didn't come from the
technologically-minded -- that Revolution got ***co-opted*** by CSS,
Javascript, and Node.js.  Now collectively called "systemd" (in my
warped mind).
So how do the techno-literati take back the Net, just as the masses
need to take back the Law?  For that, find the Business Plan at
hackerspaces.org and read Zen Code.
You may be seated,

@_date: 2016-09-06 18:11:53
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: new list ? 
I would strongly advise not to split the list, nor get impatient.
These types of rants always occur at inflection points on the
political landscape of the world-at-large.  Moving discussion off the
list risks making the whole tribe become irrelevant, because in the
end: it is that "world-at-large" that establishes "reality".

@_date: 2016-09-22 18:43:48
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: "The Tree of Liberty will get its manure..." [Was Re:] 
1) The protesting you've tried hasn't utilized the strategy of law,
only appeals to emotions.
2) The government still relies on money from its citizens, if people
don't give it money it won't be able to pay its military to shoot its
own citizens, or buy the bullets in which to shoot
3) There is the DSM from psychiatry in which you can CLINICALLY
diagnose America with several pathologies.  This is enough to win a
court case about giving money to the federal government.
Anyway, you apparently still haven't thought about what I linked to
you.  It gets very tiring re-explaining myself (I've been assaulted
four times already by the Establishment and abandoned those who are
perfectly content with their coffee-shop lives).

@_date: 2016-10-15 21:31:04
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: The difference between moderation and censorship [was Re: Inspirational - Senator Culleton's Pas 
Actually, I incorporated your points, figuring they were too simple to
enumerate and incorporated them within the last sentence of the first
'Nuff said.

@_date: 2016-10-15 21:14:59
@_author: Xer0Dynamite 
@_subject: Re: The difference between moderation and censorship [was Re: Inspirational - Senator Culleton's Pas 
He's differentiating between floods of off-topic material which acts
to censor real discussion by hiding it in noise vs. removing
discussion which simply doesn't agree with some (explicit or implicit)
preferential view.
You have to admit that it's different, si?

@_date: 2016-10-29 15:18:48
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Scientific Progress 
Not quite.  There's a point where there is no more room, no more
degrees of freedom, to protect oneself because of the phenomenon of
collective consciousness -- the force that allows animals, for
example, to know each other unmistakenly across the whole kingdom
without language.  It is this common heart which separates mammals
from reptiles, for example.  The dramatic shift from will-based order
to heart-based.  But this is all controversial to your orthodox
science.  Nonetheless, it is and remains true.
I am negating the evidence for *human* evolution, because I have
better knowledge about how science deluded itself.   There was a human
before mammals, hence the common "DNA".  There are at least two
dimensions of time, just as string theory suggested.  One of them is
certainly the Biblical timeline as you can follow the Gregorian
timeline back from 2016AD towards and beyond 0BC and see that it
doesn't go back to men living in caves.
Think, rather, prima facie.  What makes everyone confused is that we
had the bones of a prior Age right from Adam and Eve.  But again, if
you've removed a piece of evidence out of the equation merely because
it is unpopular (mostly stemming from old blood from the time of
Galileo), then you won't be convinced.  Eventually, however, there
will be no way to defend man as descending from apes.  Damn the
medical establishment for corrupting the whole human genome with the
immense power it has over "health" that has made everyone LITERALLY
insane, clinically so.

@_date: 2016-10-28 18:07:53
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Scientific Progress 
The only conspiracy is that they all seem to think my forefathers and
mothers are apes.
It's THAT kind of conspiracy that caused people to bomb America in 9-11.

@_date: 2016-11-15 14:20:23
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: No on talks to me 
Interesting, these are interdimensional insertions that get injected
from the collective consciousness.  The same was happening on the
wikiwikiweb of Ward Cunningham.
There is no proper in-band procedure (on-list), but off-band you might
be able to shore up security if you can track down the hole in any
technical specificiations down the chain.

@_date: 2016-12-31 15:12:41
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Major fuckup: USA 
Should have read:
News:  USA is composed of people.  The people have been turned into
domesticated animals farmed for GDP.  Tread carefully, as they are
often psychotically maladapted to their condition.

@_date: 2017-03-26 17:06:12
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_pOPqUIZ=21_How_to_Know_if_You=E2=80=99re_a_Precious_Litt?= =?UTF-8?Q?le_=23Snowflake 
That's pretty funny.   How about this one.  Feeling down, angry, anxious?
Mayo Clinic says:  "Selecting the [pill] that's right for you..."
Prozac (when prescribed as an ANTIDEPRESSANT), Zoloft, etc.:  "When
life's just a little too tough..."
Prozac (when prescribed as an anti-psychotic):  "When you just don't
want to make the effort...."
Xanax: "Because there's really nothing to be worried about..."
Any others?

@_date: 2017-03-26 01:12:30
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Lavrov: "The world is changing ... America might yet purify itself" 
That's what I've been saying: either dystopian nightmare that
hollywood and the bible have imagined or Enlightened Age that the Jews
and the New Agers have imagined.
The key decision is science opposed to religion and vice versa.
Science alone can't solve the problems of the world (just as religion
can't).  Science has made us media idiots, gadget freaks,
over-medicated ravers on the way to a Heat Death.
It has been imagined.  The key, like ANY MENTAL ILLNESS, is being able
to face reality *squarely*, without cushions to buffer egos or
rosebud-colored glasses.  All insanity is related to a disconnection
or breakage (the same thing) from reality.  And both the Left and the
Right are disconnected.
Anyone with an argument against that, I'd be more than happy to educate.

@_date: 2017-03-06 00:59:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Is the revolution over? 
Yes, those seem to be silos of activism aimed at us:  those who
believe in the internet revolution.  The only internet "cyber"activism
that seems to have been successful at achieving its aims is GNU.  EFF
is a great organization, but what use is freedom if all they want is
Nice quote.  I agree cryptography is not a cure-all.  In fact, it
could be argued an indicator:  that society is going against it`s own
aims and people are actually taking the time to counter-act it.
I might.  I call it "security through obscurity".  The idea is to be
SO transparent, that you are (practicallly) invisible.  There's a lot
of noise you can use on the internet.  That makes only the people who
are already "in" find your material.  Much like a squirrel can hide
their nuts away for the winter without doors and locks -- there's
simply too much chaff.
Well, most people have the power to challenge their opponents.  The
real problem seems to be a lack of solidarity.  One person just
doesn't get traction and get's called a "nutcase".  I've been
victimized by this tactic myself.  And before all the other nutcases
jump on me:  OF COURSE I've considered that my well-researched,
educated, unfunded opinion might be WRONG.
Information technology related to amplifying the human mind, like
artillery amplifies the human will.  One could argue that neither are
inherently bad or good, but can also argue that neither are inherently
*effective* at creating any particular desired effect of social
change.  And without some desired effect, they only increase
volatility, through their power.
Presently, all desired effects at social change are being co-opted by
individuals` weaknesses to have a path of least resisitance along with
hedonism.  The rest is co-opted by some yet-unseen force (medical
establishment) and has created apathy.
The end result of all this is nothing but the same consumerism and
media noise.  There's no need for cyptology, per se, because
everyone's happy and aren't even looking for subversives.
 I have never seen
You've not seen it because IT IS NOT THERE.  They are simply inept.
Do not confuse empowered incompetence with societal evil.
YES IT IS.  Perhaps, in fact, we are being too academic and concealed.
For my part, I have to conceal my passion and interests, lest they be
taken as spam, a hyper-personal obsession, or conspiritorial nuttery.
These foregone conclusions all effect the individual wanting to create
social change just as much as the threat of force.
Instead I have provided links to material of which I continue to
curate and perfect that QUANTIFIES the value of the internet for
social change, so that it can be communicated to influencers as well
as PLANS on how to implement said change.  So far, there has been no
interested party.
Rendering, no.  Threatening them, yes.  It all still in DEFCON 4,
perhaps 3. or Homeland security level BLUE:  GUARDED.  I think people
know the inherent power of these tools, and they get caught up in
overestimated the amount of ACTUAL influence they've had in affecting
the world towards those visions.
wiki.hackerspaces.org has been collecting by far the best material, so
far.  Because it can be implemented easily, cheaply, and has been
worked out in several dimensions.  It is also a public, editable wiki.
Since you mentioned a "real:" plan:  check the Business Plan.
You may not even need it.  I don't know if it's published, but the FCC
has told me that we can broadcast on one-directional channels up to
5mi on non-licensed frequencies, for non-profit, personal use. 2.5mi
for bi-directional comms.
Anyway, I appreciate the response from someone who is invested in the
field and a better world.
Gothenburg, Nebraska

@_date: 2017-03-05 05:05:09
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Is the revolution over? 
Honestly, I'm back to this list shell-shocked.  I left this
civilization, thinking things were on track, but coming back, I see
the information revolution has turned into another glam and sham
celebration.  What happened to John Perry Barlow?
What's the value of cryptography if everyone's content with facebook,
jabbascript login portals, and the same old commerce now 100 times
Are there any revolutionaries?  Is the soul for real change dead?  Is
everyone medicated, over-eaten, touch-screen hyper-media and everyone
is PERFECTLY CONTENT?
I still have a complete revolution in my pocket, but I guess I'll have
to chuck it, if there's no one here...

@_date: 2017-03-26 18:30:11
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Rojava - Kurdistan - Assyrians - Neo-colonial use of "alien forefathers" conspiracies 
Your message transcludes another email which is not attached to this
subject heading.  Please reply to the original thread or re-name your
current thread so it can be followed.
"Cpunk" is for children is whatever you make of it.  Please give us
YOUR credentials so that we may learn from YOU, eh?

@_date: 2017-03-19 20:46:13
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: US: Constitutional Convention? 
You know, people think they can "upgrade" the constitution when it was
assembled with divine purposes -- not perfect, mind you, because man
wasn't evolved enough at the time, but if you want to fix the
Constitution, you'll have to have divine purposes.
For that, find Captain Dynamite.

@_date: 2017-03-27 02:34:57
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
I think we also can't measure that you are actually conscious and
alive, rather than a very convincing robot or zombie.

@_date: 2017-03-26 21:51:31
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
Okay, since you refuse to argue on reasonable grounds, I won't respond
to all of your attacks which didn't have any real argument except
attempts to demerit the concept of Holistic Medicine.  For the sake of
the list, I'm going to clarify what and why an H.D. is superior an
M.D. which you so fondly massage their crotch for, even though you are
probably overweight, nursing one or more addictions, and have lost
some desire to live exhibitiing some low-level depression.  (This is
the common case for liberal Americans.)
Holistic Health is greatly superior, even if not (to the published
establishment) scientifically more superior, because *logically*
health ITSELF is a factor of the WHOLE (hence HOListic), not the sum
of it`s parts (like reductionist Occidental medicine, who's glory
mostly goes back to the study of dead cadavers and anatomy -- those
who failed at making health).
Do you get this first point (reductionist vs. holistic)?  Holistic
Medicine *includes* the science that reductionism has built, but also
includes a WHOLE other set of data:  the subjective side of health
(how does the placebo affect has such an effect on health, for
example?).  So, it *transcends* the present medical establishment in
everyway, except when it comes to blunt trauma, like I said, where
they have mastery (bone setting and wound dressing).  EVERYTHING else
is 100% better served via holistic medicine.  Unfortunatley, there
just aren't many people trained in it.  I practially had to (re)invent
the field, because it was awash in pseudo-science, naive spiritualism,
and confusions of it's own identity and the use of drugs/supplements
as medical aids.
So I will define it here:  Holistic Health can diagnose and cure ANY
disease that Western medicine CLAIMS to cure but without invasive
procedures, including chemical-based ingestives (or inhalation).
Further, it can avoid the diseases and even mishaps in the first place
by creative a more holistic relationship to self, family, the
environment, and the divine.  I'll define this latter, for the sake of
arguing, as "that which transcends the human mind to grasp or
comprehend, but, nonetheless, exerting a force upon life itself".
Now that wasn't so hard was it?  Is that really difficult to take or
understand.  Western medicine would confound you with specialized
language, multi-million dollar equipment, and colored pillls -- all
types of power you likely have already given away becuase it seemed
impressive, right?
Well, America is one of the most diseased, confused, and destructive
nations on the planet and you and I know it.  It's on the street, it's
on Indian reservations, it's in abortion clinics and cosmetic
enhancement clinics, the larger-than-usual prison population, and it's
in the alarming severity of some brith defects.
So, tell me, why do you keep arguing for THEM?
No, it was actually addressed to Razor.  You, please, are in a state
of delusion, arguing with me, holding on to your last little island of
power that America has left you -- you're own voice.
Do you actually understand "neurology"?  No, and I know this because
doctors don't understand it, so how could you?
They're not forced.  They are feeling the weight of their life decisions.
You've given me a lot of data by your outbursts.  Do they say
something about you?  About what forces run your life, for example?
But it's not private.  If you planted a tree 50 yrs ago and made a
table with your own hands, the table is yours, but you didn't make the
power in marijuana.  Something else did.  Should people be able to
take whatever they want and use anything as they wish?  Is that what
you argue?
No, I got it from the only school worhty of issuing one:  the school
of hard knocks.  Maybe you feel intimidated by people with degrees
when you have none, but I'm using them to educate you.  Why fight me?

@_date: 2017-03-26 18:19:59
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
Careful using such terms, believers in poo-love can get quite pscyho
about it.  Vaping is indeed just as bad.  See all these things which
de-nature nature WILL NEVER IMPROVE YOUR SOUL.
Yeah, strangely the candy eaters have been (reportedly) getting high,
which in theory should not be possible.  I can only attribute it to
demonic possession.
That was one of my points.  De-naturing herbs turns
coca/marijuana,/opium into soul-killing drugs at some point or
another.  I had a good friend to died of lung cancer at age 34
(approx) of it.
Okay, perhaps a little bit of order out of the chaos on this list.
Cheers, then!

@_date: 2017-03-26 18:10:41
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
Conversation with Mr. Gong and myself...
Technically, it's not plebian logic, because I'm a Doctor.  Secondly,
EVERYONE of these PLEBS arguing for pot is putting their trust in
SOMEONE ELSE's logic.
You mean SSRI are most commonly prescribed *FOR* depression.    The
question of whether they should be classified as such is still in
debate (obviously).
Eating is "troublesome", now?   Please refrain if you wish, but most
of us can just settle for a healthier diet (like hemp milk and nuts,
as I said) to be less depressed.  Meat, for example, is a huge
contributor to depression.
That's a new one I hadn't considered.  Thank you.  In darkies, perhaps
it helps uplift their plight of not having any skill in a technical
and  extemely demanding (pathological) economic aenvironment.  For
them, I suggest connecting with their roots (Africa) and putting faith
in the God of Christians, Muslims, and Jews:  YHVH.
Hmm, above user's reason is faulty. Please re-read when you are not upset.
Is that supposed to shorthand for cock?

@_date: 2017-03-26 16:54:35
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
To the list:
By the way, the only people who "need" marijuana, are those who
believe they come from monkeys (R=3D ~0.91).  You see, they are *taking*
the love of Creation to offset their shitty beliefs, giving nothing
back WHATSOEVER.

@_date: 2017-03-26 16:51:27
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
Clinically insignificant....  for treating depression...
Placebo worked equally well for prozac's use  as an
There's a contradiction there.  It says it was clinically
insignificant in severe depression, and then says it reached clinical
significance in severe depression.  The researchers do not know how to
interpret their own results.  Sorry.  If you really care about these
issues, feel free to put them in touch with me.
Just because you LABEL something "anti-X" doesn't make it anti-X.  Do
you understand?  The study is showing that it is not, in fact, an
anti-depressant even though it is labeled anti-depressant.  I was
referring to it's actions in the patient, not the label some doctors
have given it.
As I said, you've proven my point:  Prozac is not an anti-depressant.
This is where pot smokers are completely and psychotically delusional.
It is an herb up to the point that you BURN it.  Just as any other
plant.  If I burn basil or cilantro IT IS NOT A HERB.
Those are generally eaten raw, so they have the full benefit of the
orgnanism that created it.  Boiling has mixed and more complicated
reactions but isn't as severe as BURNING the SHIT OUT OF IT.  Have you
smelled your bowl?  Smells like death, doesn't it?
Now stop being idiots and help fix the world.

@_date: 2017-03-26 15:43:45
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
Do you know what discussion list this is?  Are you perhaps high now?
You mean not that it matters, because you don't have a way to argue
out of your own hole, so "repeat what I already said tactic here".
I think you're getting pschotic.  Perhaps you should actually try
Prozac instead of self-prescribing marajuana to yourself.
I didn't tell you that you made such a claim.  I responded to the
list.  Do you know how mailing lists work?  YOU get a message and a
copy of every conversation that happens on the list.  Get off drugs,
man.  Pot inhibits your ability to track things properly and to care
Dude,  you're getting a little longwinded on this idea of
straight-edge.  I mentioned it once as a short-hand way to say I don't
do drugs.  This is like your third time trying to use it AS AN
Dude, I'm not going to get a seizure, because I already know how to
hold my body in a proper manner without internal self-contradictions.
Oh, well, I'm not surprised that pot-smokers have seizures, becuase
they still probably think that they're homo sapiens, of the genus
homo.  Right?  (Let me guess, you're a homo too?)
Ohp, catch-word of the day.  It is a common trait of people who DON'T
KNOW WHAT THE FUCK THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT to use specialized language
to intimidate their talking partner into submission of authority.
Okay, and you're solution is to "up the bar" and allow everyone to
have an increased danger threshold because medicine is just an
ambulance and needle away.  No, you're supposed to have pain asshole.
Believe me -- America needs some.  It's like a fat fucking cow on the
farm who makes no run for freedom and reality anymore because the shit
keeps getting fed to him/her everyday.
Dude, you gave only blunt trauma scenarios.  There temporary relief
may be justified, but the truth is no one dies from pain.  They die
from their false beliefs, their lack of attention to their own karma,
their brain-dead diets, and their psychotic lifestyles.  Shit yes,
there should be consequences and like I said -- no one dies from pain.
See, you're (likely self-)prescribing marijuana, when perhaps you
should be on an anti-psychotic like Prozac.  Is your blood pressure
Calm down.  Your ad hominems are noted.  But, since you have no data
whatsoever on what I can cure with holistic health, your statements
remain the ravings of a potential pre-psychotic personality.  You do
know that you gave no counter-argument, yes?
No, that is patently not true.  You did not make the organism in which
you are leeching off of.  So you have some responsibiltiy to its
creator or the species itself, you might say.  This is why I recommend
hemp nuts for those who believe they need to toke up for health --
that, plus beleif system changes has all the medical benefits of
smoking pot with none of the side-effects.
OKAY PSYCHO!
You idiot.  I'm also a lawyer.  I defend people who get arrested for
smoking pot.
But you're not one.  Thank you.   Now STFU.  You use of the F word has
been completely defenseless, as presumably you have enough time
sitting in front of your computer to compose a RATIONAL reply.
G'day, sorry I don't toke up with you so you can feel better about
your lack of WILL-TO-WORK/qualifications, but I'm also offering you
solutions.  You're choice to ignore them.

@_date: 2017-03-26 00:20:39
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
Great, an oppurtunity to train the cyberPUNKS on the list about
health.  Forewarning, I am a Doctor of Holistic Health.  That is
equivalent to the best M.D. whether brain surgeon or otherwise.  I am
also published in the domain of cipher algorithms (CRYPTOLOGIA, 1993).
So you're being "retarded" (inhibited) somehow?  Hmm, I doubt you have
sufficient scientific credentials to be argueing on this, but hey,
it's your reputation.
So you are saying that Prozac is an anti-depressant?  No, not really.
it is an anti-psychotic.  Wellbutrin and Zoloft are classified as
anti-depressents.  The fact that some people feel "happier" on Prozac
is a complex result of a very pathological society and the exreme drug
interactions happening at the collective soul.  I think you, like the
fucking Establishment, are severely confused about mental health and
you shouldn't be opening up your fucking mouth, if all you can do is
parrot the Establishment like an ape.
The comparison was a direct counter-response to the claim that "pot is
harmless".  Whether it's apples and oranges is irrelevant.  Why don't
you just admit that you're interested in the political battle of pot
legalization rather than try to be a doctor?  Like your friend "Dr.
Carl Hart" who wants to "educate" me without bothering to ask me what
I already know.
Not your claim, Razer's I believe was.  Please "check your email man".
No, I don't pop aspirin, nor would I trust a fucking doctor of this
fucked up establishment to prescribe something to me.  Why do you
think America acts insane?  It can presently be diagnose with several
pathologies listed in the DSM.  The fact that it hasn't been taken
down for the protection of it's own values and to cease being a
"danger to others" is a consequence of people like you who wants to
keep the bullshit going fullsteam ahead while you sit back and enjoy a
toke for YOUR "health and well-being".
Yeah, obvously.  (Pshaw and *PUKE*) (Sarcasm intended.)
People have seizures because they've been lied to and their body is
now fighting itself.
Just like America to believe that pain is something to wish away,
though, isn't?  "Here, take two of these... "
See, once again, you (without explicitly stating it) are SUCKING THE
COCK of the medical establishment here.  You, without stating it
again, are afraid of YOUR health and will RUN to the doctor if shit
hits the fan and are too scared to sit it out. (broken bones and
dermis, excepted in this critique).
Oh really?  And how about when their "personal choices" mean that
intelligent people with time on their hands AREN'T GETTING ANYTHING
DONE on their own person WISHLIST?  (like travel the world, or make
world peace -- do pot smokers have no life whatsoever that they wish
to create other than being a fucking deadbeat American?)
I my God, you like EVERY LIBERAL, are fucking confused on the topic of
homosexuality.  So don't even go there, unless you think you are one.
Because *I*, have been there.  I know far more about it than most
Chill out man.  You feel inferior.  It's okay.  Don't cover it up with
bullshit -- I had enough of my share of sugar-coated pieces of dogshit
and can now recognize it from miles away.
Okay.  Kinda of like how capitalists think they get a lot of shit done.
My mind is only as closed so as not to get infected with deadbeats and
open enough to let every truth in to form a synthesis that can fix
this planet -- whether religion vs. science or nature vs. capitalism.
I doubt you can claim that.  Straight edge is a by-product of that.

@_date: 2017-03-21 14:49:32
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
Never said otherwise.
It's not silly, both "take the edge off" (mild sedatives) and
practitioners believe it's harmless.
It's not fashionable, it's healthy.  I shouldn't of used the
fashionable term.  I was answering your claim that I'm a pill-popper
or an alcohol drinker, and the answer is: no.
So, you don't pass judgement?  How about yoru leaders, capitialists,
hmm?  You're logically inconsistent, I suspect.
All I know is that there are a lot of pot-smoking couch-activists.
But, hey, maybe, you're in a holding pattern like me, and simply have
to wait it out.  In your case, becuase you don't know what the fuck to
do, in mine, because everyone else thought THEY did.

@_date: 2017-03-21 05:57:54
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
That's hilariously true.  However, the people need to take the power
back, otherwise shits gets bad.
Not at all.  I'm a straight-edge dude.  Try again.

@_date: 2017-03-21 05:54:37
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
Saying pot is harmless is like saying taking Prozac is harmless.  The
problem is the NET social consequences.  And we can see the
consequences:  shit doesn't get done and things deteriorate.
'Nuff said?

@_date: 2017-03-21 03:17:26
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
And there you see why this world has not been getting better:  THEY
are escaping reality too -- and they're the ones in charge.  So
obviously, no one knows what the F they're doing, so who's going to
lay the pipe down and get down to business?

@_date: 2017-03-21 07:35:43
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Governance vs Decentralised Systems, Gold, Cash, Bitcoin 
Humans are not corrupt by nature.  They have self-interest, that is
all.  Humans will sacrifice immediate self-interest if it leads to a
greater goal (enlightend self-interest).
The situation in our current world is that humanity has adapted to an
extremely pathological condition where they've been made to both
powerless and under a delusion of powerless at the same time.   In any
event, this inherent, yet unconscious wrong makes people act covertly
corrupted, or passive-aggressive.
The other problem is how unreal the interactions at the top are.  They
are expected to act at a level of professionalism and decorum that
simply does not exist in any reasonable manner.  It's as if they were
raised in a long-royal family and now settling in at their post, yet
most of these people are grossly incompetent, given the demands -- the
system has simply accumulated enormous deferred maintenance and like
any system that has been neglected, the problems get amplified until
The strange thing is that it's all still running --either its an
illusion or it's being propped up by some extrernal force (God?) to
prevent total breakdown.
In any event, there's a page on governance on the hackerspaces wiki
which is quite interesting vis. the anarchist Will for non-governance.
(Full disclosure:  It's written under a quasi-anonymous account, some
of which is me. ;^)

@_date: 2017-03-30 15:22:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: the Janssen Scale of Delusion 
You should lay off the bong.
Moses took DMT?  Is that what you're sayin'?
You are a case-in-point.
Food does not automatically get "root" control.  And drugs are no more
"userland", than food.  You are not an expert on this particular area.
Do you wish to try again?
I didnt' calim it's was toxic, I was talking about the consequences of
smoke-inhalation and holding that toxic smoke (composed of quite a bit
more than THC) as long as users do.
Please don't try to out-doctor me.  You won't find a school that can
train the knowledge I'm giving you.

@_date: 2017-03-26 20:13:33
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: the Janssen Scale of Delusion 
For the sake of edification of the list, I offer this (DRAFT) scale
for measuring the level of delusion present when talking to so-called
(or "named") authorities (doctors, political consultants, stoners,
athiests, christians) or merely interviewing anyone with a potential
The JSD measures from a scale of 0 to 10 the level of delusion in a
subject, with 10 representing a complete delusional view of the world,
like in a drug-induced hallucination such as commonly found with LSD,
and 0 meaning no delusions present.
As the author is aware that there is no way to confirm an absolute
state of delusionlessness to form a reference point, I can only I
offer myself -- on contingency, if you wish, of regular male and
female humans, children and adults, giving confirmation.  As it may be
the case that we are all in a co-creative and co-supportive delusional
(non)reality, we must enlist the use of others who may not be as
prone.  For example, many delusions are held by language, by belief
systems, by systems of protocols, and other such ongoing routines.
Delusion may even be something animals could meaure, as they have no
language in which to convince themselves of the elaborate narrative
which consumes many peoples lives, mentally ill or otherwise.
For the sake of clarification, we have to agree whether a absolute
state of reality exists.  Whether we can access or understand it or
not, must be left for generations to resolve, but yet I'm making the
case that an absolute reality *does* exist, and will continue to exist
separate from my own mind (in oppostion to solipcism).  Acceptability
to or consensus of the masses should not be considered a factor, yet
it remains one of the most conveniant means of assessment.
There are really two axiis in which to measure:  functionality vs.
hallucinatory.  This scale measures only the latter, as loss of
function does not contribute much to delusion.  On this latter, there
are perceptual (as in LSD) vs. cognitive hallucinations ("I'm a Amazon
Warrior").  The critical difference is the engagement of belief
systems.  For example, "I am a alien from outer-space" can only happen
with the engagement of their ego/belief system, as their is no
perceptual data for them to reach their (delusional) conclusion.
Nor does this scale measure self-controlled delusions, as in children
concocting a temporary world of make-believe together.
5 -- complete hallucinatory mindset, as from a *salvia divinorum* or
*datura intoxica* episode, not able interact reasonably in your own
4 -- in a quasi-hallucinatory mindset,  light LSD and being "stoned",
creating both perceptual and cognitive dysfunction.
3 -- Christians who think that they don't break their own commandments
while the support killing overseas and liberals who think that rubbing
the penis in the rectum makes love.
2 -- mild, seemingly-harmless delusions like atheism based not in
evidence, but in a self-perpetuated belief and support network of
like-minded individuals.  Most people in industrialized nations are in
this category.
1 -- temporary, and minor belief that happens to be false, but correctable.
0 -- no delusions.
Well, this is a first stab at it.  What's missing is how intense the
experience is which is likely connected to the amount of beliefs
co-engaged with the delusion.  "Smoking pot is harmless", for example,
is the first seed of delusion which allows the user to totally allow
their brain to get co-opted by the toxicity of THC.  Doctors, then,
are co-conspiritors who are either bending to the popular will or also
in a delusional, but co-supportive reality that their understanding of
THC and it's interactions in the mind and body are something they
actually comprehend.  Unfortunatley, they've roped almost 100% of the
general public into this web of needles and pills so that now everyone
else fights for the Establishment too, even though they have nearly
zero scienfitic training or ability of critical analysis.
Thank you.  Remember this, and act accordingly kids,

@_date: 2017-04-30 23:37:06
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: What is the value of the State? 
This seems like a lame question, but What is the value of the State?
Do activists require a State (defined as a codifed system of
Without a State, would we have electronics?  Radio? Computers?  Mass
Transit?  Bikes?
And if we need a State, what form should it take?

@_date: 2017-04-30 20:58:59
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Mesh Networks: Recent Commentary 
That's some good material.   I think I figured out a decent architecture.
You could make a multi-layered backbone with the top layer operating
at about 4000W to reach transceivers at the global level.  I think 5
layers should be sufficient.  Each would operate at a lower power
levels until you get down to the lowest, with individual nodes
operating at about 25W.

@_date: 2017-04-23 23:02:55
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [hackerspaces] Mastodon? 
Well, glad you asked.  After waiting for a response from my
interlocuter, I will answer.  But I have answered it on the wiki if
you look for it.  It is actually quantifed now (to some asymptotic
Of course you are, because apart from a few JS writers, the rest of us
are bored with the internet.

@_date: 2017-04-16 14:58:16
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Native Born US Citizen Activist Crosses MX -> US Border "Illegally", Arrested Twice 
That is a great stategy.  Citizen goes to court (withholding knowledge
of being a citizen) and makes a case for the undiagnosed mental
disorder of the United States of "liberty and justice for all".
(Clinical evaluation:  both psychosis and schizotypal.)

@_date: 2017-04-03 01:15:32
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Ask yourself this 
I sympathize, believe me.  I've been assulted four times by the USA
trying to defend very basic rights.
The question to ask, however, is:  what will you do about it?   How
will you proceed with your view?  Because there are some very real
practical matters to have answers to, before you go on the offensive.
Like:  they have bigger guns.  You likely won't be pulling any Neo
bullet-dancing moves.  And you won't get to change the behavior of
steel, as it's of mutual interest.  Also, you're belief system have
probably already gotten invaded by the media machine.  Perhaps you
believe that Obama signed some bill to allow indefinite detention of
american citizens without a trial.  That will hurt.
If you want to be a warrior, you have to have a strategy against such
a foe.  What is yours?

@_date: 2017-04-09 23:27:39
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Why I just left reddit. 
Microblogging should have helped start a planetary shift, but maybe it
will be useful after one.
There is a transition plan, but apparently no one's started yet.  I
made a page for [[ignite]]ing one at wiki.hackerspaces.org.  It paves
the way to start the snowball rolling downhill, so far, no one's
Much impatience.  It's like being a racehorse trained to win, only
having to spin hamster wheels waiting for the gates to open.
Unfortunatley, I'm not a gatekeeper.  Anyone know one?

@_date: 2017-04-03 00:43:24
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Ask yourself this 
That is a good point.  However, the problems of America, in my
analysis cannot be explained by conspiracy of "bad humans".  Greed and
stupidity are not enough to explain the completely inhuman behavior of
the State.  The disconnect of the People is very large--akin to a
farmer and a herd of cows.
So the question, then, who is the farmer?  And why to the cows never rebel?

@_date: 2017-04-02 21:55:06
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Ask yourself this 
They, like the US GOV have been ineffective because of inadequate
participation, lack of sufficient purpose/vision, and the general
distraction caused by mass media, drugs, and basic demands to make
ends meet.
Snoden didn't start the debate.  People were suspicious of the gov't
long before.  The issue is the same one as given above.
Or their regular people who have the moxy AND the righteousness, so
they don't have to fear the incompetence of those with power.  Perhaps
you had to at the time (as I once did), but when it gets to the
foundations of the law, they'll shake just as you -- they simply rely
on you not knowing it.

@_date: 2017-04-03 00:38:46
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: How to identify a a narcissistic programmer 
Is this the first time you've thought about narcissism?
I mean, I think we know those two items.  thanks anyway.
3 >

@_date: 2017-04-09 01:52:51
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: 4 Signs You May Be A Statist Puppet 
That is one of the best lists I've seen.  The only problem I see is in
  The government doesn't force taxation, it's just that most people
are too afraid to challenge it.  In theory, the state has to charge
you with the crime of tax evasion, and then they have to find you
guilty in a court of law.   So deny it publicly or en masse, like as
in history, and see how far they get in "forcing" you.  To my
knowledge, no one has tested this since before the last century.
So I'll complement your list with this:
4 signs you may be giving too much power to the State:
1.  You believe it is more powerful than you are.
2.  You don't know much of the laws which define the state,
3.  You depend mostly on mass media to know what's going on in your world.
4.  You are completely dependent upon the infrastructure of the state
for your livelihood (food, energy, heating, etc).

@_date: 2017-04-14 15:57:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Skrymions: Data storage breakthough 
Here one:  The Internet provides the last hope of actually producing
the systemic change required to save the world from itself, absent a
Messiah prophesy (from the joos).  It's just being co-opted by both
Left and the Right -- because neither don't know how to resolve the
primary dischord:  religion vs. science.

@_date: 2017-04-14 07:22:54
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Skrymions: Data storage breakthough 
No, you see, you did it.   I said cross-fertilize to fill each other's
scriptural gaps, but you turned it into cultural annihilation.  How
did you reason that one?

@_date: 2017-04-14 03:11:07
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Skrymions: Data storage breakthough 
It's a fine point, but this problem is far more subtle than oppressive
forces.  In the issue of Iraqis, for example, there is an issue of
ignorance.  If someone in the West would have taken the time to teach
them and cross-ferilize cultures, these things wouldn't happen.  But
no one did that.  There are serious scriptural holes, between the
Christian and Islam, that can be united if someone were to take the
effort.  Strangely, no one did.  So they were discarded by the West.
But that event isn't just an issue of guns, it's an issue of everyday
people not giving a damn about anyone outside our culture.
The problem is always in the mirror.

@_date: 2017-04-14 02:11:32
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Skrymions: Data storage breakthough 
I doubt it.  By "shallow" do you mean "how technology is used to take
our righst/oppress us/fart in our faces?"  Or is there something more
we should know.
I mean, the urgency you might feel is real, it's just that it's
neither technology nor action that will create the solution.  It's
something deeper, like a need for love.
The people activists paint as "evil empire" are comical, as in
literally something mythological and from a comic book.  They are
wizars behind a curtain with a loud booming voice.  The curtain is
main of the constitution and it faces their direction.  But if only
people would turn it towards themselves, they'd see the power of that
booming voice wither.
But then, so might the love...

@_date: 2017-04-13 14:59:22
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Skrymions: Data storage breakthough 
I said it before.  Heavy industry amplifies human will.  High
technology amplifies the mind.  They can amplify virtue or vice.
Neither care.

@_date: 2017-04-23 22:48:23
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [hackerspaces] Mastodon? 
No you weren't.  I'm not trolling.  First of all, you totally avoided
my point about server-client separation.  Let's see, what do you
suppose is happening?  Are you sending prerendered gifs back to the
client that the node "server" has computed for your "cool shit"?  And
then what, Chrome is integrating it somehow on the fly in your window
without a page reload?  Utter horseshit.
Commercial Javascript sites are nearly entirely about locking in
clicks and eliminating out-bound links?   Is that the "cool shit" you
do?  It's called:  DEFEATING THE ENTIRE PURPOSE OF THE INTERNET, DUDE.
All you're doing is turning the web into an extension of the magazine
media empire!   I'll bet you $100 that you don't even know what the
value of the internet is..., eh? (Hint:  It's not cool UX, which btw
you had with OSs in the 1980s).  Please do inform, I am curious as
Javascript is so bogus as an actual computer language, that the only
thing javascript is creating is shitty programmers.  "But it's
creating so much cool shit!"  is the rallying cry of those who like
the financiers (who -- just like the JS counterparts -- didn't know
any monetary policy) who said about the banks: "But they're too big to
Most of the cool Javascript stuff are experiments that would have been
better off AS AN APP.  Hardly any of them use the depth of the
internet, so get them off of it. Get it?  AN APP.  An app.  an app.
Perhaps, you along with some others, would be better informd by
reading the [[jabbascript]] page on the wiki.
Well, I told you what I've been up to -- adding massive content to the
wiki, so that people in every day towns can start making things happen
with their community.  But in the end it will all be useless if people
don't get their shit together and stop co-opting the potential of the
internet with bullshit media glam.
Oh and, btw, is that Lewis Scolnick in your photo on the wiki
homepage?  Cool.  Send him to the radio enthusiasts page.  I've even
got a formula for calculating max radio power needed for any desired
I mean, creating cool SHIT, you say.  Does that mean that you're
refrigerating feces?  I'm sure you didn't mean it that way, but it
comes out a little... soft.  Yeah, that's it, soft.

@_date: 2017-05-08 02:32:06
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Advice, please, any and all accepted 
Oh, and one more hint:
The tip I gave on the World Game merges both the ethos and "law "of
anarchy with the virtue of self-organization to achieve order.  People
are rewarded for giving their opinion (a vote) and that creates a new,
crispy-clean currency without all the bad karma of the State's.
If only people would try to APPLY their ideas of anarchy, then they could win.

@_date: 2017-05-08 02:29:45
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Advice, please, any and all accepted 
The criticism of anarchy is solid, Zeenen.  The dissolution of the
current State also soundly based.  Can you not see that your bias
constitutes a religion?
This is mostly proslytization from the Marxists.  The truth is the
truth.  If people came from God you have to accept that.  No amount of
fossil record will dissuade the wo/man who remembers the Truth.
If there were nothing new, the universe would have died out ages ago
from entropy.  But no, consciousness interacts with energy use to
produce INFORMATION.  And that means new ORDER.  That order holds back
the hot death that would otherwise be the fate of the universe.  Isn't
it interesting that that novelty is working now to teach you?
The idea of the ones who "get it" about government, to sit around like
Fidel Castro and smoke the big cigar for the rest of the days is also
without merit.
Until there is at least mutual understanding in the value and the
danger of both, there is no hope of resolution.
I think this is heresay.  If there is any "law" of love, it would be
in the Bible, would it not?  Or do you think you have the capacity to
create love and life force on your own?

@_date: 2017-05-07 12:41:07
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Advice, please, any and all accepted 
Don't be an idiot.  It's not anti-gay, it's anti-poop.  I have friends
that are gay and I'm not sure they'd want to be "lumped" together with
you poo-holing psychos.

@_date: 2017-05-07 00:29:57
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Advice, please, any and all accepted 
That is the solution for those who are enlightened.  The masses are
truly the "major cause" of the greatest collective problems faces by
the human race".  They are addicted, callous, so no empathy or
remorse, and destructive.  I
In short, they are clinically psychopathic.  No need to blame the
state, they are already part of the "super state" through their blind
loyalty to the powers above.
Exactly.  The way is already found.  It was pregnant with possibilties
on the hackerspaces wiki under New World Order.  The thing is, it's
miscarried due to the fight against religion by queer politics.  Total
fuckups.  Of all the problems in the world, cocksuckers getting tax
breaks for "gay marriage" wasn't on the fucking priority list.
Truth is there were four prophesies and 4 secular reasons why dramatic
shift would occur or have to occur.   The only hangup is that some
fucking damage has to happen to the secularists and Christians for
their complete failure.  I mean Biblical level damage.

@_date: 2017-05-11 23:48:02
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Especially when you're emotionally invested.  Obviously you're
emotional about it.  So just deal with that, rather than pretend.
But onto your point and logical claim.  No, the scientific method is
NOT about "small, closed systems" in a "repeatable fashion".  REPEAT:
NOT about that.
So anything else you wish to surprise us with, poo-holer?

@_date: 2017-05-11 23:13:43
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
The word is "site" and it's a bullshit, non-scientific site.
...with a title that already pushes the conclusion...
Where is your real concern?  Truth or victory?
False.  And "innumerate" would mean what?  Human activity multiplied
by 6 billion is not a gnat farting.  Do you see how you just want to
win?  This example is so childish, you might as well stick your head
in your ass.  You'll at least get some data.

@_date: 2017-05-11 23:10:51
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
You're talking in circles.  What do you suppose the scientific method
is, genius?

@_date: 2017-05-09 00:20:54
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
There's aren't "tens of billions" of dollars spent to prove global
warming except to counter-act the deniers.

@_date: 2017-05-08 12:39:08
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Just to be clear, since juan and other get their panties in a wad if
even the possibility of God is mentioned, I AM claiming that
Christians are BIASed about the issue of god -- they think it's Jesus.
Talk about an opportunity that was missed by the intelligensia.

@_date: 2017-05-08 12:35:05
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Given the website you cited, I think YOU are cherry picking your methodology.
I'll make this simple, dumbasses.  You don't need ANY evidence to
conclude LOGICALLY and NECESSARY that billions of years of fossil fuel
burned in 400 years of industrialism is going to have MASSIVE effects.
Do you understand, billions of years of solar input stored in oil and
coal reserves is completely burned within 1/10000000 of that same
The attempt to prove with any other methodology is a red herring.  But
the real truth IS more complex and that is what keeps the problem
unsettled.  The climate, after industrialism, is like a pendulum
between unstable attractors:  ICE Age or Desertification of the Earth.
The resolution of that swing is reconciled with only one variable:  GOD.
If you reject that possibility prima facie, then you see why nothing
gets reconciled or stable:  BIAS.

@_date: 2017-05-05 14:26:54
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Steven and Zenaan,
Very good material.  Nice analysis of the scientism.  You'd like the
study of the Nacirema people in anthropology.
Finally people are starting to see that the worship of science was no
superior than the worship of Jesus.  Both have delayed real social
progress by almost a century.

@_date: 2017-05-04 03:18:03
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
You know, you guys have given some decent responses.
The truth of the matter is that I love the anarchists.  I am equally
happy with an Enlightened State (if such could be made) as anarchy,
but I can't get settled with either because there's no love from
So, I cannot allow myself to refute the arguments from anarchists.
The truth is that the virtue of both possibilities have been fucked
up.  I mean neither seem to be able to take place.
So I sit here in the doldrums, looking for a little wind here and
there, but it's so scattered and I look for love to make it bearable.
Or real solutions to these problems when there are none.  Such is the
situation that people die or kill themselves and it keeps happening.

@_date: 2017-05-03 15:11:32
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Easy tiger.  Hopefully, the other posts clarify.  Obviously the State
sucks, but it sucks because of THE PEOPLE, don't forget that.  And
what is going to remain after the fall of the State?  THE PEOPLE.
Yer getting a little fringe here.  Take a chill pill, Dave.
You're on a roll!
Please, holistic medicine is already (relatively) FREE (because of the
benefits it provides to all).  Holistically!  Sing with me.

@_date: 2017-05-03 13:29:35
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
The solution to this challenge is to be a better Statist than they
are.  That is, to know your law better, which (fortunately becuase of
the IQ level of most cops) isn't that hard.  Once you know your rigths
and go through the hard knocks of jail time, you start to rise above
it.  That's how and why I've written HACK THE LAW.

@_date: 2017-05-03 13:27:05
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Yes and I was being serious.  I hadn't encounted that history before.
It's not gobbledygook at all.  Just as single-cellular life gave rise
to multi-cellular life, a new LEVEL of order was made beyond the cell.
  In this sense, you could say all the problems that we've been having
with "the State" are birthing pains bringing about the solutions to
solve this endless conflict at the current level.
Einstein was credited with saying "You can't solve the existing
problems at the same level which created them" (or something like
It could surmised that no amount of "self-oganization" could create
that transformation seen in biology -- it had to be a GOVERNOR of some
kind.  By which I intimate that leadership, with a greater view of it
all, can generate better, meaningful, and virtuous levels of order and
that it HAD to happen at some point in the past, in order to give rise
to the mammalian life which we cherish..
It's not that government is the driver, it is simply a large force
that can assemble huge amounts of resources and human effort to solve
problems.  You would never get equivalent levels of order in an
anarchic situation.   It would take some extreme urgency bording on
panic to assemble such forces (because anarchists don't want to join
someone else's causes, right?).
The problem that is often simply labled "the State."

@_date: 2017-05-02 22:22:25
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Even better, just listen to this:
Cyberpunkers, illegal mix, vol 1:
There's, like, 6 more volumes.

@_date: 2017-05-02 21:39:09
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
That's good material, yet.  Think ahead to the next era:  POST
cyber-dystopia.  I.E.  the world fails and anarchy resumes.  It fails
too and new feudal bands emerge, violence, then the State re-emerges
to handle the violence.
The solution, then, is a  META-state.  A system of order bigger and
better than the State.

@_date: 2017-05-02 20:50:51
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
That's some good bit o' history.  I was really referring to the level
of existing order needed to create *more* levels of order.  I don't
think it's possible to argue with that.  It's like arguing what's the
use of the Self?  BECAUSE without it you'd turn into little slime
molds looking for food.
But I like the sentiment.  I think the problem is more than the State.
It's the pathetic infrastructure that would be an eyesore for
=A0 =C2=A0Electronics can be traced to
emented using
=A0Lee de Forest
ions to
cientists and
, and was
itially, in the
ing that
ch, some
 we know
ow it
 modem in
00 bps in
=C2=A0 I'd say
lines. =C2=A0And

@_date: 2017-05-01 13:41:16
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Yet, they haven't "self-organized" to come together and FIX the
problem in their own self-interest, have they?  So there either is an
error in the analysis or there is some EXISTENTIALLY OTHER force that
prevents it that is not of this world --otherwise they would come
together and knock it down.  But because of it's other-dimensional
nature, it is completley "invisibile" to them or unfamiliar, and don't
know how to approach the problem.

@_date: 2017-05-01 01:08:34
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
I know you're style.  You don't know what you're talking about.
You're fronting me as if you know how to answer the question, when you

@_date: 2017-05-01 00:58:31
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
You can have a socialist state without centralization.
But the state also makes insecurity:  bigger wars, for example.
How does anarchy provide the high-level of organization needed to
produce a car?  From ore, to smelting steel, to engineering, to
molding, to paints, batteries, upholstery and textiles, etc?

@_date: 2017-05-05 15:21:11
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Hacker World Domination 
I just figured out what you punks need!  I can't believe I didn't
think of it before:
The gamification of the apocalypse:

@_date: 2017-05-23 12:43:42
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Snowden defends Comey 
You know the REAL truth of Bradley/Chelsea Manning?  S/He DOESN'T
exist.  It's all a creation from the Matrix, the all-seeing-eye.
I know this, because the story is ME.  This is the fallout when I was
holding the 2012 Mayan prophesy with the stength of the US military,
but then declined.  The media wizards just didn't have a clue what had
happened, and this story was created.
It's a little more elaborate than that, but believe me, s/he doesn't
exist.  Poof->

@_date: 2017-05-23 12:36:41
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Snowden defends Comey 
Reasoning: You don't need to love Hitler either, but respect his
choices, HIS freedom, his life.
You are STOOPID.
They are NOT transgender.  Please stop insulting women!  do you think
they somehow inherit all the problems and uterus of a women just
because "they feel like they are truly a woman inside" when THEY piss
out their FUCKING DICK?
Fucking idiots!

@_date: 2017-05-11 23:34:45
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Snowden defends Comey 
You mean, Bradley Manning?
HIS involvement.
Sounds like fake news.

@_date: 2017-06-13 12:59:59
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] [RUS] the cat IS out of the bag - USA asked when will their "deep state" stop sponsoring I 
Listen, ANYTHING related to ISIS and the Middle East (outside the hunt
for Osama) is directly due to the science establishment, NOT the TLAs.
The scientific establishment NEGATES their truth, putting them in
continual distress and meta-immune-system disorder.  Believe in
Biblical truth and ISIS problems (and others) go away.  Try it.  It's
an experiment.
Hence, 9-11.

@_date: 2017-06-12 16:34:28
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Nth American bison genetic diversity to be preserved, finally 
Humans may all be capable of being equal but it overlooks an important
fact:  not all originated equally so have different destinies and
probalby different anatomies.  Native Americans have no relation, for
example, to the Indo-European humans of the Biblical world.

@_date: 2017-06-30 15:51:45
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Quantifying systemic pressure towards injustice 
No it isn't.  First of all the courts are open to the public.
Secondly, both sides are represented in the courtroom.  The issue of
inadequate public defenders who aren't willing to buck the system is
indeed an issue.  The solution to that is informing the press, so that
there's a third party involved.
All of these things are happening in weird so-called "district courts"
of "ninth circuit" and such unconstitutional horseshit.  Defendents
need to demand that the Court is operating under the U.S.
Constitution.  Look for a US flag, if it's not there tell the court
your observations and ask what jurisdiction they're operating under.
Because you have no obligation to account to some all-seeing-eye
That's all I can get out for now...

@_date: 2017-06-13 12:54:51
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Quantifying systemic pressure towards injustice 
Doesn't matter.  The law ends at the courts, not the police.  Let the
police use it and then argue for it's unconstitionality.

@_date: 2017-07-13 16:11:56
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Welcome To Anarchast! 
More accurately, yes.
Exactly:  growth for no purpose but MORE growth.
Careful.  Who funds the operations of corporations?  The fact is that
the American people are a bunch of freetards who have never taken
control of thier own government beyond checking a box ONCE every FOUR

@_date: 2017-07-13 15:35:30
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Welcome To Anarchast! 
> Well yeah...  "Liberty" meant rich people thumbing their noses at the
This is a pretty cynical view of the founders, who while they may have
been aristocratic in some mundane sense (having money), they were also
simply knowledgeable enough and enlightened that they wanted to defend
their rights as equals rather than suck dick for some imagined divine
rights given to kings.
No, while a fashionable position of those who smoke dope.  There is
only indirect rule by billionaires and lazy ass liberals who aren't
willing to take their disagreements with the police state to court.

@_date: 2017-07-13 15:31:59
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Welcome To Anarchast! 
No, that is not true.  Capitalism, as an economic method, is devoid of
power absent that given strictly by "law of supply and demand".  The
current capitalism you see today is a result of conquest and
usurptation of massive amounts of unearned labor in the form of fossil
fuel and nuclear energy.

@_date: 2017-08-31 13:16:02
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Why I can't sleep soundly with blockchain, being the cypherpunk 
I am curious about Sergey's point.  While humanity is generally a
piece of shit, they are akin to a cancer patient whose every cell has
been infected -- they themselves are not guilty, they are product of
external factors that are larger than them.  Ultimately, like all
mammals, they are organized around the heart (that's what separates
them from lizards), so that natural force can be harnessed.
This is also why technological solutions have not been affective.  If
you take my premise that humans are organized around the heart, then
pure rationalism will fail to lead them because their minds are
already infected and they distrust it.  So, in a way, the same forces
of the heart are already working -- too block further memetic codons
from creating more nucleic load.
Yeah, humans are both the cause and the cure.  The major source of
inadequacy in THIS population (crypto-anarchists) is the failure to
examine why the 60's failed to produce the revolution it desired.  It
had love, peace, and an awesome soundtrack -- yet it failed.
The only reason I've found in my analysis is that it was missing
either truth or justice (in some way they HADN'T recognized) or both.
Both of these are necessary for peace.  Without truth, people argue.
Without justice. people continue fighting.

@_date: 2017-08-02 14:32:33
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin Blockchain Has Been Forked (New: BitcoinCash UAHF) 
Well, it is presumed that more oil production will equate to new work
being done.  So they print it roughly based on oil production
(otherwise you could expect deflation of the dollar) presuming that it
will equate to work and live up to it`s printing.
DC = digital cash, FSM = finite state machine?
This doesn't make sense.
That's irrelevant.  You're confusing pre-release and post-release valuations.
No, that's not how it's done, policy-wise.
Yes, how can you do that with fixed-quantity currency?
That paragraph is demonic.
The ABSOLUTE best application of BitCoin is for the implementation of
World Game credits, whose very purpose is to CLEANSE the old-money
system and output a completely CLEAN money, free of all karma of
history.  See .
That's cool.  I grok it.  I'm just having to challenge my knowledge of
monetary policy with the karmic benefits of bitcoin's implicit
redemption perogative.  Can you dig it?
That's the fucking question I want to ask the old money makers.  As to
WHO decides that, it's the people of the Earth and THEY (not bankers)
are failing.
Okay.  Good conversation.
Marxos, over and out

@_date: 2017-08-01 22:03:46
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin Blockchain Has Been Forked (New: BitcoinCash UAHF) 
What bitcoin needs to do is limit transactions to online transactions
or (more exclusively) the internet.  If it enters the old money
marketplace, it simply engages too much confusion.
You see the old money works because it's tied to actual value, not
merely scarcity.  Officially or not, it's based on a valuable
commodity, namely oil.  Bitcoin should devise a way to tie itself to
CREATIVE works and produce more bitcoin (to prevent inflation) when
more creative works are produced.
The untold secret of the G8 economy is that they print new money when
a few key players decide that value in the industrial economy has been
produced.  That's actually not a TOTALLY bad policy, but eventually it
drives the planet towards entropy unless that industrialism is
producing MORE order rather than less.
Bitcoin can figure out a fair solution to deciding when creative value
is produced.  If it really wanted to be try something new, it could
also value all non-material works, including academic work, patents,
rather than just creative.
Just an idea, just my $02B.

@_date: 2017-08-08 03:24:20
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [pfiir@pfinr.org: [ PFFR ] Google Employee's Anti-Diversity Manifesto Goes 'Internally Viral'] 
Reality check for the vocal minority:
Who are the most oppressed people in America?
Is it:  blacks, hispanics, the poor, homosexuals, women....?
I mean, big points to who actually gets the right answer....

@_date: 2017-08-08 04:08:52
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: OFFTOPIC: WAS: [pfiir@pfinr.org: [ PFFR ] Google Employee's Anti-Diversity Manifesto Goes 'Internall 
Hence, I'm wondering what this thread is doing here...

@_date: 2017-08-04 21:28:42
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
still, it's an interesting question (and apropos to Isaaks? quote from
John von Neumann):  is the universe deterministic?  Because IF it is
NOT, then physics takes on a level of meaninglessness, right?  But, if
it is, it is equivalent to using a pseudo-random generator.

@_date: 2017-08-04 21:20:09
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
Sorry, I meant "use a relatively [short, simple] key as a source"
since it is unwieldy to supply a long key.  In theory, I would suppose
a key that is log(base 26) + (length of impracticality of brute force
keyspace search) of your text to be "good enough" to use.

@_date: 2017-08-04 21:15:46
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
Okay, I should know this, but who came up with the idea of using
random-number generators for ciphers anyway?  Most XOR ciphers (which
is unbreakable if, for example, you use a key as long as the text) use
a key as a source, AFAIK.  Anyone have a reference?
Now, chaotic functions are known mathematically to be "topologically
complete" (I believe that's the term I learned) -- that means they
will cover every number in the range.  An amazing feat:  consider if
you're using  2^63 (which will fit in ONE world)  to express your real
number in the logistic function.  Your chance of landing on a already
visited number is 9.22^308 -- beyond the scale of indexing every atom
in the universe.
So, in theory you have both an UNBREAKABLE and PRACTICAL cipher
method:  use the logistic function to make a pseudo-random number
generator, think of unique words that you can transform into your seed
values, and communicate those "humane" keys to your recipient.
How can you possibly break this (apart from psychological tactics of
guessing the words used to create the seed values)?

@_date: 2017-08-04 20:51:03
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
That raises an interesting question:  if this is true, then pi may be
a phenomenon of external sources.  For example, pi could be equal to
2.0... on a curved surface, namely a sphere (equator and the
longitudinal diameter through the pole = 2.0).  There is something
that keeps pi on a flat surface to give it it`s irrational value.
(How can you be sure of your measure without the concept of "perfectly

@_date: 2017-08-04 20:40:27
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
Yes, but those parameters can be expressed with a single vector
encoding force and direction.
The POINT is the number of states of a single 64-bit word, for
example, is nearly the number of atoms in the known universe.
Right, but this is analogous to SEEDING your starting variable -- you
only have 1.8E19th choices, LOL.  Practically speaking, double that
and you're golden.
After than you just have to communicate your seed value (somehow),
like the least significant bit of each pixel in a random image
uploaded to the web.
Ah, that's only the ecosystem of the Earth.  Science, to my knowledge
has not expanded this balance to include the heavens.
The confusion here is in the word "universe".  The word already
encodes an idea of WHAT IS.   Namely, a three dimensional void with a
continuous single vector of time.  But see, that order is already
presumptive.  (This is why I say "in MY cosmology")..
LOLz, funny, but there are answers.  Keep probing...

@_date: 2017-08-04 13:59:56
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
That joke, btw, was because there's hardly any discussion on this lists subject.
Would not a coin flip with the exact same initial parameters (height,
force, deterministic air currents, and striking surface) have the same
Yes, although I differentiate between deterministic chaos and
non-deterministic by using the term "stochastic" for the former.
That's part of the question, are those things deterministic, albeit at
several more orders maginitiudes than our computers?
I ask this semi-rhetorically, because in my cosmology, the universe
must have some non-determinism in order for life to appear.

@_date: 2017-08-03 18:54:06
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: new idea for random number generation 
Speaking of cryptography (harhar), I was contemplating an idea to
generate random streams of random numbers using chaos theory (not the
first), specifically the logistic equation [3.5x(1-x)], when I came
across the argument (
that such generators are "psuedo-random", but I don't think is true.
The equation is capable of producing an infinite stream of numbers
that get more random as you continue to use the equation.  The amount
of true randomness approaches the depth of your word size, but in
theory you can create an implementation with arbitrary depth (say
10000 bits).
Is this interesting to anyone?

@_date: 2017-09-29 14:18:51
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_=E2=80=9CImagine_Being_Surrounded_By_People_Who_Hate_Y?= =?UTF-8?Q?ou_And_Want_To_Se 
You
Not to mention Noam Chomsky:  "Anyone can have free speech for things you l=
These issues simply need to resolve interpersonally -- they don't
physically harm anyone and any emotional harm may simply be karmic.
Calling a cop a "pig" is hate speech too, and if they get emotionally
hurt, that just their karma.

@_date: 2017-09-27 19:09:41
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
No, I'm saying if the key is about half the text -- THAT ALL YOU GET TO ANALYZE.
Perhaps you didn't see my followup, but you still don't get it:  there
are many false positives:  decrypts that lead to semi-valid texts
WHICH YOU HAVE NO WAY TO DETERMINE VALIDITY (given no futher data).
You don't know if the key is 1 char or 2 characters, so there is a
complete set of valid decrypts which may or may not be the original
and you have no way to determine that.

@_date: 2017-09-27 18:51:20
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
Not a factoid.  I'm making the claim that you can't decrypt it.  I
don't want to do the proof, because I can deduce it, with Pretty Good
Certainty (TM).  If you have a key approx 1/2 the size of the text,
AND you do NOT know the length of the key, you have essentially two
characters to do cryptanalysis.  Now the key may be a small enough
dictionary to do more analysis, and since you know that each set of
the same modulus is using the same key character, but without knowing
the length of the key, it's going to be next to impossible.  There are
many false leads (key-text combinations which result in what seems
like valid plaintext) and the search space becomes too large.

@_date: 2017-09-27 14:24:20
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
Hmm, as far as I'm aware, you can't do cryptanalysis on 2 characters.

@_date: 2017-09-26 15:14:33
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
Well if they don't know the key length, then using somewhere between
1/3 and 2/3 should make it unbreakable.
Hmm, but THEY don't know if you re-used them.   So it would take how
many ciphertexts messages to figure that out?

@_date: 2017-09-24 22:25:09
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
YES!  That is the cipher.  I can't believe I forgot the name of it.
Geez, I'm just re-realizing all of my undergrad training.
AFAICT, it is UNBREAKABLE if the keysize is at least half the size of
your plaintext.

@_date: 2017-09-24 22:13:39
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
You have to know a lot more than the algorithm, you have to know the
seed value.  This, in practice, can act as a key to make practically
unbreakable ciphers.
Now the diehards will say that you can't make such a claim, but in
truth eventually the probability of an attacker knowing enough of the
free variables (64 bit seed value, 1% or more sequential characters of
plaintext being used repeatedly across different ciphertexts IN THE
SAME LOCATION) becomes vanishingly small.
Trying to get the key value securely to your recipient is another
problem which may be outside cryptology, but is certainly an
interesting historical problem for politicians and generals.

@_date: 2017-09-24 22:06:10
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
Well, consider that the universe may actually be a scale-free system:
that there is no "millimeter" of the universe outside Man,
him/herself.  That the machines that man has made to "measure"  space
already encode a priveleged ontology that we take for granted (a lens
for example encodes a certain biased relationship to our mammalian
visual order, reversing only one axis, for example).
These are just way's we've organized our relation between the
subjective reality of our consciousness to the objective reality that
(some) others agree to.  We do this, perhaps, simply because it is
more *practical* to work with each other than in isolation.  But to
forget this and make objective reality an absolute is to simply create
another religion.  Science has not done better than the world's
religions at creating a less violent or more sustainable world.

@_date: 2017-10-31 01:09:18
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: theocracy was Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
Who said god was "omnipotent"?  Not GOD.  And the idea of having
authority over us kind of ended in the Old Testament.  You should
really examine your motifvations and authority over history and/or
"knowledge".  I mean, at some point Adam and Eve have to grow up in
the same way teenagers do.  Parents might try to hold authority over
them, but at some point the Apple wins.

@_date: 2017-10-31 01:04:56
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: sex - who does it better? The shitlibs or the Alt-right? 
You know, this really isn't the place for these posts...  There are
better forums.

@_date: 2017-10-26 23:56:51
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
Cecilia, I know you're a man posing as a woman, transgender or
whatnot, but don't get into the argment of GOD vs goddess because GOD
is a gender-neutral, unisex term in the totality of what god IS, hence
it is genus HOMO and arose PRIOR to ANY NOTION OF gender.
You may be seated.

@_date: 2017-10-26 20:41:39
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
re: "freedom isn't free".  This raises a good point that is acutely
ignored by Americans:
From whence comes life?
* other life TAKEN
* accumulated life force given in the act of REPRODUCTION
* new life force made (and held) in the act of love without
reproduction, an act of FUSION, I'll argue,
* GOD
Any other sources?  I think not.  So the end-point of liberatarian
ideals, like capitalism, on their own, I believe would end in entropy.
Now on that last point, I will argue that GOD is the only way to avoid
heat death of the universe, by giving back to GOD, it creates an
ecosystem of sorts:  man -> god -> organic life -> food.  The reason
this works physically is that man's consciousness add order, through
perception and cognition, to the otherwise dissipative affects of
using energy.
Conclusion:  There is no way to avoid heat death without GOD recycling thin=
Any thoughts?
ds of
y AP
t for
he region
st is
t all

@_date: 2017-10-16 19:59:25
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
> Cecilia, or whoever you are, please don't state half-truths as facts
Great.  Good to see that you're able to do some research before you
make accusations. :^(P
You have mastered trolling.  Impressive.
You are seeding the result with dramatic verbiage.  Just for your
adventure, please note that it is normal within the human world to
fight against injustice.  Oh I forgot.  I guess that's not true, is
it...  Dang, perhaps we should accept this analgesic world rather than
fight the causes of the pain.  Palliatives and bromides.
Which do you choose Cecilia?  Fighting and getting a little dirty or
maintaining the norm and it's decorum?
Great!  You're on your way to LEVEL 2.  Good work.

@_date: 2017-10-16 18:33:32
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
Cecilia, or whoever you are, please don't state half-truths as facts
when you haven't cross-checked your data.  After I moved some
non-political content back where it was, they banned me completely.
They're either being morons, or they're run by idiots.
Really?  Do you know what you're talking about?  There was only one
hate-message after I was ready to forever give up on that crowd, so
stop being a shitty human.
I partially did.  Are you knowledgeable on that?

@_date: 2017-10-16 13:23:47
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
Sorry, will try to give you a more exhaustive list.  Since you found
the search box (and since it may deprive you from all the links in
each of those pages (at they've censored valid data for hackerspaces
on their own site, >PLEASE EXPLAIN<), here's a list:
* fractional voting
* anarchy
* World Constitution
* Tree of Life
You'll have to manually search for any interested links within those
pages, since they fucked them up.  Otherwise, search for New World
Order at metagovernment.org wiki.
Feel free to comment on the discussion tabs or edit if you find errors
or have better suggestions.  (That's how wiki works if you don't know

@_date: 2017-10-16 13:16:59
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
Ah, no.  You see, "theft" would imply that I denied someone something
that they now don't have. but COPYING data doesn't deprive anyone.  So
I can't POSSIBLY be a perpetrator of software theft now could I?
BECAUSE YOU CAN'T EVEN STEAL SOFTWARE -- IT'S VIRTUAL AND DOESN'T
EXIST IN OUR REALITY.  You can only steal floppy disks and such.
Just a handy lesson from a Doctor of the Law.

@_date: 2017-10-14 21:42:10
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
I'm interested.
My aims are identical and there is a complete solution waiting (as
John Lennon said) "when you want it".   It is a product of prophesy
and the outcome from the failure of both religious and scientific
establishments, which I can show you is TOTAL.
It consists of revamping every major organ or sector of society:
government, education, economics, religion, and medicine.
The complete package can more-or-less be found at the wiki at
wiki.hackerspaces.org.  Let me know if you have trouble finding it.
You can start at zeitgeist if you know how to navigate wiki.

@_date: 2017-10-18 02:07:50
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: "CO2 close to lowest levels ever for our planet" 
Did you want us to encrypt that?
Are you saying that because there is hidden watermarked data?
Government coverup?
Regarding the subject....
It's clear that the real issue regarding climate change is the
socio-spiritual affects of massive consumption without a care in the
world?  YOU DON'T NEED DATA.
It's like a suicidal patient:  they don't need analysis of what's
wrong.  The problem is too basic for people to see the obvious:
physical contact that isn't manipulative (taking anything in exchange)
or guarded (invoking socially-programmed counter-responses that
destroy any real hope of a connection).

@_date: 2017-10-18 02:13:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Nobody Understands Cryptocurrency, And That's Ok 
Okay, what would you give me, from the physical world if I gave you
this little disk holding 1BTC?

@_date: 2017-10-18 01:52:59
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Nobody Understands Cryptocurrency, And That's Ok 
Sorry, I didn't know that Bitcoins were being bought at $4000 and above.
So the example above about the CD should be something mroe like this:
:Will you sell me your car if I give you 1BTC?
What do you say?

@_date: 2017-10-18 01:40:40
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Nobody Understands Cryptocurrency, And That's Ok 
>> Why?  So it can understand itself?
I didn't mean  to end the last sentence with a question mark.  It was
a declarative statement.
Listen, I'm sorry you're broke, but if you feel the need for money,
consider that animals don't have any at all.  So the real issue is who
took your natural-born right (if you believe in the Biblical code) to
have land?
No, that keeps you from STEALING money.
Has anyone actually analyzed the rate at which people will accept
Bitcoin for actual goods they produce?  I mean, will an artist accept
1 Bitcoin for a $10 CD?  Or do they inflate the cost of the good to
handle their constructed idea of risk for handling things in bitcoins?
You mean "you heard this argument before in a pro-IP conversation",
yet that doesn't invalidate the argument.
Yeah, but if you want to create a real solution with bitcoin, you want
a solution where they can write songs, get paid with bitcoin, and
chillout and see what else there is to do in the world.
It's not fake, if you're using it, is it?  You apparently believe in
it, so what is the real problem?

@_date: 2017-10-16 23:16:07
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Nobody Understands Cryptocurrency, And That's Ok 
Hold it right there.  You admit the theory is sound (or at least
partially sound), so then on what basis are you basing YOUR currency?
I believe by "Cabal" you mean "agreed upon by the currency producers".
Let's call it the "Treasury".  (get it? treasure:  like a pirate's
Treasury controlled
How will it get manipulated just because someone has to agree to its produc=
....Ummm, right.

@_date: 2017-10-16 23:02:01
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Nobody Understands Cryptocurrency, And That's Ok 
Why?  So it can understand itself?
By whom?  By Mr. and Mrs. Better Reason.
You don't understand.  I see.
To my knowledge, no one has given any gold or oil in exchange for a
made up currency like bitboin.  Why?  Because it doesn't know how to
do what the US has done -- even if the US did it without understanding
it.  (The US accidently made its dollar tied to a real value by
limited inflation.  Their monitoring of inflation made it get tied
(without them probably even knowing it) to oil and perhaps ag
production)).  This is what has made US currency the most valuable.
That's right you don't NEED to.  But what do you do when no one
produces any songs because they can't get enough money to produce
The problem is that Bitcoin is a solution in NEED of a problem.  You get it?
The problem is that:
* people want to trade stuff online,
* they also want better quality stuff availble online,
* also want avoid giving credit card data online
* some want to disassociate with US currency
People with sound economic knowledge want these things also:
* currency that is associated with actual value that is difficult to reproduce
* is easily passable
* makes producing social value more efficient.
The suggestions given will accomplish that by tying bitcoins to the
unit value of virtual WORK (your opinion expressed by a vote).
So how are you going to do that

@_date: 2017-10-16 20:20:56
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Nobody Understands Cryptocurrency, And That's Ok 
I think Bitcoin does not understand bitcoin.
The four crossroads of "Why Bitcoin is Hard to Understand" is
identical to physical currency:
1) Game theory.
2) Irreproducability
3) Secure transfer where the system needs it.
4) Economic and monetary theory (really part of What bitcoin NEEDS TO DO is restrict itself to the Creative Economy
(limit itself for purchase and exchange of purely informatic goods,
like news, music, etc.)  and THEN see how bitcoin translates into
physical "real-world" currency.  That is, it makes no sense to compare
or exchange physical currency to bitcoin as bitcoin is not associated
with actual real-world value (like oil, metals -- things that have
intrinsic value and hard to reproduce).
If bitcoin were to become THE only currency for informatic goods on
the internet, exchanged predominantly *virtually*, then it doesn't
matter the "exchange rate". because its value is entirely related to
how people value the informatic goods online.  Perhaps someone will
give 1000 bitcoin for song A, while another will give 1 bitcoin -- the
system will work to equalize and evaluate the virtual goods online.
Here's how I solved this problem in the Pangaia system.  Give 1
bitcoin for each vote given online for whatever 3rd party (not
affiliated with bitcoin) website that allows you to express your
UNDERSTAND THIS:
Expressing your opinion is the ultimate unit of work in the virtual
world.  Distribute bitcoins on this basis.  That devalues them, yes,
but then you don't have to expend 100kW of energy to produce them,
maybe call them nanobits.
Then allow them to be traded freely as a neutral currency for the net.
After this gets established, ONLY THEN can you really set a EXCHANGE
RATE for bitcoin with physical dolllars -- because you've tied and
anchored it to REAL WORLD VALUES.
That's the only way to make it work.
 Expressing the ou could make the bitcoin like monopoly money and give 1 bit

@_date: 2017-10-22 14:58:38
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Spare Ass Annie and other tales 
Oh, I should have warned, that if you haven't mastered the city, you
probably won't have the stromach for it.  But the music and words are
a gut-wrenching renditions of the reality of the street.
Try "Spare Ass Annie" and "Did I ever tell you about the man who
taught his asshole to talk?".

@_date: 2017-10-22 14:46:34
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Spare Ass Annie and other tales 
Since the list wants a little break and a little anarchy:

@_date: 2017-10-30 00:00:47
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: theocracy was Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
Typical freshmen-level anarchists (in other words: totalitarians):
they hid my pages when they were deemed not "hacker enough".  To be
fair it was only one user in their midst, yet effectively censorship
without ability to appeal.
Here 'tis:  .

@_date: 2017-10-29 22:30:36
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: theocracy was Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
"Just saying, we can't resolve this.  There are necessary paradoxes and
arbitrary ones.  This one is necessary.  That the only TRUE anarchists
have to live with paradox, lest his(her) need for logic create another
system order and rule."
... when you have understood this, friend, THEN you are ready for the
World Game .

@_date: 2017-10-29 22:26:15
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: theocracy was Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
Vrai, mais...  is not your "rule" a type of government?
Just saying, we can't resolve this.  There are necessary paradoxes and
arbitrary ones.  This one is necessary.  That the only TRUE anarchists
have to live with paradox, lest his(her) need for logic create another
system order and rule.

@_date: 2017-10-29 21:45:09
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: theocracy was Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
The Egyptians had government before the religion of the Jews started
creating laws.  So you are wrong -- UNLESS god is real and was ruling
over us before then.  You must have stumbled upon some hidden
ancestral knowledge....

@_date: 2017-10-29 21:35:57
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: theocracy was Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
regarding how god can create the real anarchy...
The story of Judgment Day is the way to use anarchy as a solution to
global problems.  If the idea is to balance things in favor of
justice, then there are various scriptural sources ("The first shall
be last, and the last shall be first" Matt 20:16).
So there is good reason to NOT eliminate the Bible for hacktivists and
other friends of justice.  It has power, so use it.

@_date: 2017-11-07 02:07:41
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: mesh networking 
This isn't for mom and pop.  This is for anarchists and
revolutionaries of culture.

@_date: 2017-11-04 23:11:01
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: mesh networking 
Sorry I should have left out the issue of dividing by the number of
units, since I'm effectively making a special mesh networking domain
and you'll only be polluting your own radio-space.  You may still want
to divide the power level by two, though, if your unlicensed.
However, if you encode your license number onto your protocol packets,
then you can keep your licensed power output for all your
bros(/sisters) using your mesh protocol.

@_date: 2017-11-04 23:05:37
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: mesh networking 
So....  regarding the revolution you guys have been making (last seen
c.1996), there are a few of us building out and thinking about how the
true "freedom-lover" (a*archist) can stay less dependent of commercial
and state dependencies.
Byzantium and other mesh networking projects show much promise,
allowing scalign to metropolitan-radius levels with only a few dozen
or less participants.  A few other dozen backbones with higher power
levels up 100W would cover a whole continent.
I've worked out a power equation which should be both functional and
"under the radar" to power-that-be.  The key insight is knowing that
you can attenuate your signal at twice the radius that you're
attempting to broadcast.  In this way you keep the "heat map" of your
network WELL under the background radiation of most metropolitan
P (in Watts) =((radius in meters)^(1/4)).  This is the maximum power
for licensed operation in a given range.  So if you have 10 units
operating in that range, you must divde the number by 10 to get any
*individual* transmitter power limit.  For unlicensed operation, you
may have to divide this number by 2 unless you're using a public band
set aside (like CB radio).
It would be interesting if someone could do some dimensional analysis
on this equation as it relates volts and amps to distance in space,
which I find intriguing.
So that means a mesh network with a granularity of a mile should be
about 3W per transmitter.  In theory, you should be able to receive at
this level if your tuning is fine enough.
Next topic: how to send an unbreakable cipher using base *i*.

@_date: 2017-11-17 00:28:24
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Stingray warrant 
Technically speaking, all an officer needs is his elected official
taking responsibility and backing him/her to do something.  The court
is over-stepping its jurisdiction and intruding into the executive
What needs to happen in cases like these, is that a charge must be
brought by a citizen against the police (if operating personally) or
the city (if acting officially; i.e. by directives of the elected
official) and THEN heard in the Courtroom, so that both parties must
testify and conclusions can be drawn.  Without a charge where two
parties can bring out all of the issues, the court has no real
competency or authority to say what the executive can and cannot do.
Anyone else question what "circuit court" really means, in relation to
the Constitution?  Are circuit judges APPOINTED by circuit city?
Marxos, JD

@_date: 2017-11-30 15:54:58
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: absurd MacOS High Sierra bug 
But what of a call like PRINT 1?  It is different than a call like
PRINT "How many characters will have to be output", yes?  So, I
believe there is a meaningful difference to actually make an O(0)
designation for the sake of completeness.
Thank you.  You may be seated.

@_date: 2017-11-29 22:46:12
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: absurd MacOS High Sierra bug 
Shin!  Sorry about that, thanks for pointing it out.
In C, printf("Hello world.") is an O(1) function (the number of
charactes is constant), but in Python, I'm suggesting that it might be
O(0) due to Python being designed as a high-level language, where the
# of characters isn't considered for computing the function, but as
seen as one operation.
That's my take...

@_date: 2017-11-29 19:25:43
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: absurd MacOS High Sierra bug 
Speaking of Big-O notation.  Can anyone give me an example of
something that is O(0)?

@_date: 2017-12-31 22:54:27
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: zine idea 
The CYPHERPUNK, a F/oss monthly.
"A zine about internet culture, urban nomadism, and post-industrial
life (via radical sustainability and low-watt FM radio).  Taking back
the internet commons from the large-media conglomerates, providing
recipes for mental liberation, and strapping down the inhuman machine
that has become the American populace, putting on a harness, and
riding it like a bucking cowboy.  If you know how to code, this zine
is for you.  For those who are neophytes, Floss stands for =E2=80=9Cfree,
libre, open-source software=E2=80=9D.  The computer is a lawmaker, this is =
the liberators of the machine."
Article ideas:
Internet Revolution:  taking it back from blogs and hogs.
Hack the Law:  How to use the law to make more freedom
Encryption Techniques: for Entertainment Only
Some comics:  Samurai Jack, the elite coder that once turned an O(n^4)
problem into an O(1) problem, simply by outputting "yes".
Indymedia:  solving the low-watt transmitter problem
Hacker Manifestos:  what we (still?) stand for..
Activism Updates: Occupy?
ASCII Art:  Why 80 columns was better.
This is a call for writers.  Write me.

@_date: 2017-12-31 22:43:47
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: <nettime> Ten years in, nobody has come up with a use for blockchain 
The CYPHERPUNK, a F/oss monthy
"A zine about internet culture, urban nomadism, and post-industrial
life (via radical sustainability and low-watt FM radio).  Taking back
the internet commons from the large-media conglomerates, providing
recipes for mental liberation, and strapping down the inhuman machine
that has become the American populace, putting on a harness, and
riding it like a bucking cowboy.  If you know how to code, this zine
is for you.  For those who are neophytes, Floss stands for =E2=80=9Cfree,
libre, open-source software=E2=80=9D.  The computer is a lawmaker, this is =
the liberators of the machine."
Anyone interested in writing an article?

@_date: 2017-12-02 16:46:27
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Magic Money: The Bitcoin Revolution (Documentary) 
Listen, before everyone starts getting nasty.  It does help to
understand the meaning of currency.
If I take a bunch of distinct rocks and then say they worth 1pence per
gram (a made up currency unit) and then someone buys them (eventually)
for $10,000 per gram (a pre-existing currency)....
They're still rocks...  Get it?
 to "Buy Bitcoin"

@_date: 2018-01-09 00:27:18
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Personal attacks etc (was Re: USA: National Security Strategy...) 
Not within the orthodoxy, like those still in Israel.  Only those who
followed Gregorian calendar really.
Not at all.   It is the West which has exiled them, particularly
science itself.  Science and nearly everyone in the West has
ostracized the very religion and truth of the Jews.  It has,
effectively, excommunicated them from participation by laughing at
their very basis:  that they came from a divine being rather than
recent, speculative theories of evolution.  Even if evolution is true
in various ways, it takes nothing from the Jews.  To my knowledge they
have no explanation for the American Indians for example.
But it is indeed the West which has exiled itself from its own
homeland and forgotten itself.  Now, in America, apart from the
fundamentalist Christians, nearly 100% of people are now schizoid on
the issue of where they came from.
Orthodox Jews do not really covet, they recognize all that the West
has made without them, yet they cannot break their loyalty to GOD, so
they remain in cycle of either waiting for the Messiach to clear
things up, or to abandon their GOD -- not a very good situation.
Much of these, I claim, including the news on television is
myth-making, governed by the ambivalence of the West towards Israel.
Even Christians don't care where Jesus lived and loved.
No, very few, understand the othodoxy, because they still believe that
they are superior for being a Westerner.   The West acted the same way
towards the Indians:  they NEVER understood them and still don't --
they just rest on their lazy ass as if they're superior.
They were the only ones who remained loyal, Christians erected an
alternative God.  Muslims got lost in being chosen for a prophesy,
some of which got fulfilled in 2001, and most others seemingly have
abandoned the whole enterprise entirely.
Neither you, nor I, can say that they are wrong.   Nor any scientist.
I've explored all the pseudo-scientific arguments against theism --
they are all flawed and mostly amount to: "Well, we can't PROVE that
GOD exists" or "we found these bones buried in the ground that are
humanoid" -- an unscientific basis in which to conclude that those who
immigrated into the lands of the Americas were those buried people's
Anyway, there's a lot of loose talk about nothing, and a lot of
concrete needs to fix the world, none of which the secularists have
moved hardly an inch of Earth for.  There a lot of unearned pride
among secularists, too, so be careful calling the kettle black, when
your the pot.

@_date: 2018-01-08 19:02:37
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Personal attacks etc (was Re: USA: National Security Strategy...) 
It's unfair to Jews to classify these people as "jews".  I think it's
mostly anti-semitic overgeneralization.  If they don't believe in the
story of Moses and GOD himself, they aren't really Jews, and they
shouldn't call themselves Jews.  It's like Africans in England calling
themselves "slaves".
Again, this is generally anti-semitic hogwash.  They are no more Jews
than you or me.  I don't blame you for it, but if you trace the
origins of all of these claims, they're always anti-semitic:  either
Christian or athiests.
Mark Janssen (non-Jewish name!), PhD

@_date: 2018-01-04 17:27:15
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Anarchocrapitalism, "libertardianism", et al. 
It's not a race, it's a species:  homo atlantius.  The atlantians.

@_date: 2018-01-08 03:11:22
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: 2018 Clusterfuck Forecast 
Yes, but let us not talk of "enemies", let us say the guilty, for that
is a defensible claim.

@_date: 2018-01-08 01:57:02
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: 2018 Clusterfuck Forecast 
Yes, sorry.  I MEANT physical to mean precious metal or other
impossible to reproduce material, not mere paper.

@_date: 2018-01-08 01:12:48
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: 2018 Clusterfuck Forecast 
Totally HORRIBLE idea.  The idea of using a information code in place
of a physical currency is the WORST idea ever.

@_date: 2018-01-19 05:02:26
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Chelsea Manning For US 
All of this is bullshit. I'm chelsea manning.  It's fake news.

@_date: 2018-01-24 16:40:52
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [MINISTRY] capitalism v fascism/ corporatism - what are we (the West) living under? 
Okay then, we need to distinguish between "collectivism" and
"socialism".  Are you saying the public corporation is a
"collectivist" enterprise?  And then, I must amend my definition of
socialism to mean collective ownership + community.  Is that an
acceptible defintion?
That makes no sense.  Are you against socialist stuctiures?

@_date: 2018-01-23 21:59:38
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [MINISTRY] capitalism v fascism/ corporatism - what are we (the West) living under? 
The only record is that there is hardly any record.  The Constitution
does not favor capitalism in anyway, the only thing close to it is
property law which was mostly gathered, not by the free market, but by
fiat from the US Gov to homesteaders, etc.  So early America favored
the individual, yet nothing in the law prevents collective ownership
of land or other resources.  Hence farmer's co-ops, etc. in middle
america (a giant irony of the area which shows their complete lack of
awareness on economic theory).
It's not worse, it's just that the powers above that acquired the
initial resources did so by guns and are loathe to let it go.
e prices of
WOAH WOAH woah, hold it right there.  You've just conflated two major
topics of economic theory:  the free market and capitalism -- NOT THE
SAME.  You can have a FREE MARKET under socialism and COLLECTIVE
ownership.  But all the owners have to agree generally to sell it on
the open market.
This is the real issue.  Apparently the drive and advantage given to
individualism by the FREE MARKET itself (because the consumers have to
REWARD the individual for him/her to become a giant) has given them
enormous advantage, politically.  So again, the real question is:  why
do the people do this?
And there's a word for this type of effect:  APATHY (from the people).
There is an undiagnosed mental illness in the general populace,
probably caused by mass injections of polio to children.  It is
clinically diagnosable using the criteria of the DSM.
I think this is a distortion of fascism, which to me simply means rule
by ideology, not specifically business.
Huh?  No, what needs to happen is a diversification of economic experiments=
P.S.  It's ready over at wiki.hackerspaces.org

@_date: 2018-02-17 23:54:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: monkeys from the dark ages 
People think they're victims in America, but the real victims don't speak.

@_date: 2018-02-23 02:55:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: New Agenda 
I see, the government just might try to acquire data of you
masterbating in the bathroom.  Just so it can have control over
anyone.  I really should have known that.  But the truth is, that
while there may be too much power in a branch that would allow such
activity, it must get counterbalanced by another.  However, skeptical
you are, that's the USA's DESIGN.  You've got to use the tools given
to you by the Law otherwise the tendency is for the system to MOW YOU
Hence, fight club.
But the thing is, you have the power fo the press.  If they start
taking you down for masterbating, you can point out to the people how
insipid your government is for priortizing your personal "shucking the
shim" as a matter of national defense.  Or are you saying that the
people are too stupid too and they'd sit idly?
BUT is EFF just a front for creating fear and doubt?  More on that later.
Shit, the secret's out.  YOU know and have now posted it to an
anarchist mailing list.  What will you do?
No, I believe it's just a precautionary measure against the typical
abuses of power that occur and a chance to develop some cool tech.
It's not about being probable but about being prepared.
No.  I am a little bit crazy.
I mean something coherent with quantum entanglement, I just don't
think industry has really learned how to tap it (cell phones witth
quantum tunneling are an unexplored hoax, as far as I'm concerned.)
Well, there is a legitimate panopticon threat, but then the paranoiac
is the one generating it in partner ship with the oppressor.  So what
is the way to defeat the panopticon.  AFAIK, no one has published a
way to defeat the panopticon problem.  As far as catching joe sixpack
fingering his neighbot's wife, I just don't think I should care.  He
probalbly should get caught, right?  Now, in the case of juan
masterbating (again), I think his own paranoia is his biggest enemy,
because the those with the confident aura win against the keystone
dicks on patrol with the data they have on you.
But I don't want to argue with you.  I just think you'd get more power
following what I suggested than being a pleib towards your own

@_date: 2018-02-23 01:58:50
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: New Agenda 
Ha, no.  I wondered if you'd catch that though.
Ah, you are right in theory.
And you're conclusion is that they could find a needle of intelligence
in a mountain of hay?  In theory, yes.  In practice, they don't know
how.  Perhaps they're archiving it for some future time however when
they have the tech.
SHIT.  Yet, in may analysis you are analyzing from the pov of a
paranoiac -- not an intelligent skeptic.  Which is why you'd better
making a path to enlightenment.  Governments don't care much about
that activity.
I'm wondering about it.  I'm just saying there are powers that people
tap into without even knowing about it and that science hasn't
understood.  Things like quantum entanglement.
I think you are onto something, but that "something" is not
technological in nature.
Well, what are you actually here for?
No, it has become a medium for people to express their ego, not to
connect to one another or motivate society.

@_date: 2018-02-22 20:58:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: New Agenda 
You have a point, but the truth that no one wants to admit is that
they don't have the resources nor the expertise to create "complete
global surveillance".  Don't get paranoid -- get educated & get HARD.
The website I gave you will do exactly that.

@_date: 2018-02-22 20:32:12
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: New Agenda 
Given the failure of the Internet and the liberal left to produce a
revolution, I offer the following:
No more internet censorship through invisible spam filters (have you
checked the words they filter on?), in-bound only hypertext websites,
and over-moderation on sites that already have a crowdsourced voting
model, the internet has been effectively turned into the old medium
JUST AS PREDICTED (by Marshall McLuhan).
The website given will take the revolution out of the virtual and INTO THE REAL.
P/S Punks and cyberpunks only.  LOL

@_date: 2018-02-27 17:13:42
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: AI threats 
The all-seeing-eye is a shibboleth.  A shibboleth, like the monolith
in 2001: space odyssy is simply a machine.  Like that symbol, it has
no will of it's own.  So it may not compare properly to an AI, but you
are essentially under it`s control now.  Because of forces that are
larger than Mankind, sometimes "godly" forces get control and
sometimes "satanic" ones.  This is why there's a commandment "Thou
shall have no other gods before me."

@_date: 2018-04-13 15:59:48
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Medical cannabis oil - Doctors shocked when cannabis oil cures woman of terminal cancer. 
Because, there is never a "cure" for cancer.  Since they don't know
the cause of most cancers and since it wouldn't cure her of lung
cancer (where there is a casual link, and no "cure" there either
besides the obvious), they can't say that they "cured" her cancer.
This is fluff news for the cannabis industry, just as pharmaceutals.

@_date: 2018-04-06 16:07:45
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Medical cannabis oil - Doctors shocked when cannabis oil cures woman of terminal cancer. 
fake news
 a
 to
 to live you=E2=80=99ll try
r taken drugs or
 it. I want
people are dying
vor contended.
=80=99s leading
three to five times
 medicine
f people
d a
ctors in Spain
nnabis oil or any
 it
e godsend the

@_date: 2018-06-14 14:58:41
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: American Culture 
Turns out slave ownership was a red herring for activism -- the
Africans ended up liking the advanment of culture over their tribal
ways.  Most so called "slaves" were treated more respectfully and had
better lives than they could get at home.  But that's just
apologetics.  The real test is if they'd choose Africa if given a free
ticket homeward.
In other words, I'd suggest staying neutral with early presidents
owning slaves, it's a very complicated issue.  If you haven't talked
to them yourselves, you don't know Jack.

@_date: 2018-07-19 13:49:11
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Forced Decrypt: US Judge Jails Defendant Six Months for Contempt re Phone Unlock 
Juan, you're a statist.  You're making everything of the People belong
to the Government.
Ho humm.....
I didn't say it was accountable.  I was suggesting that the People
have to be the "accountants".
Please, stop talking.

@_date: 2018-07-18 21:53:20
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Forced Decrypt: US Judge Jails Defendant Six Months for Contempt re Phone Unlock 
Cynicism has it's place....
But it ends at the point you need to make a choice.
It's your choice.

@_date: 2018-07-18 21:25:22
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Forced Decrypt: US Judge Jails Defendant Six Months for Contempt re Phone Unlock 
If someone's being wrongly imprisoned (so-called "illegal" "aliens")
or murdered by the American government, then people need to file
charges against them.
Then, just call it "the System" -- it's been known for decades.
It is very easy to charge judges, except those of the Supreme Court --
get a higher-level executive to charge them.  If that's not available,
get a congressman/woman to charge them.  A county commissioner can
charge a lower-level judge with "case fraud", for example and pull the
lower-level judge into a county court for trial.

@_date: 2018-07-18 20:03:32
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Forced Decrypt: US Judge Jails Defendant Six Months for Contempt re Phone Unlock 
If ever they don't have an executive order, get the names of all of
the people involved, and you can write a felony charge against them
(since the amendments are federal laws) and submit it to the Judge.
If they are unwilling to provide legal identification, you can charge
them with contempt also.  Get their affiliation and pictures if you
can to provide evidence in court.
Marcos, JD

@_date: 2018-07-18 19:00:51
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Forced Decrypt: US Judge Jails Defendant Six Months for Contempt re Phone Unlock 
This is ridiculous.  There is ZERO obligation for anyone to unlock
their phone anymore than unlocking your house.  If any "law
enforcement" officer wants to insist on such, THEY BETTER HAVE AN
EXECUTIVE ORDER.

@_date: 2018-09-23 23:55:02
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Software disenchantment 
I totally agree 100%.  I've made a software repo on github to make a
new operating system which is designed to encourage software being
built better:  By continuing to use the best modular parts, optimized
for the machine, and working together.
Check it out:  github.com/thePastor/SingularityOS
When I'm not on my bloated Linux machine which doesn't run javascript
site, I'll try to get to the reddit boards...

@_date: 2018-12-28 22:51:44
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Facebook censorship 
Interestingly, you're kinda right (or Assange).  We should have
toppled civilization with it, but it all got co-opted by Gay Politics.
They were censoring anybody that disagreed with their religion.
That's the truth.

@_date: 2018-12-28 22:20:06
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Facebook censorship 
Three rules of the Internet:
* Treat it like paper: Anytime you try to restrict what people
write/draw, it fails.
* Own your data.  Once you publish it, it's the worlds.  Deal with it.
* The internet is the last hope for civilization:  use it or lose it.

@_date: 2019-03-08 19:16:33
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Phys.org: Listening to quantum radio 
Would quantum radio conceivably allow faster-than-light
communications?  Given that quantum entanglements seem to transcend
OUR spatial dimension...

@_date: 2019-04-20 22:43:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: My second Facebook thoughtcrime in two weeks! 
Using the tools of the State against the State is the only way to make
progress.  The disconnected utopia was tried in the 60s and in the end
they couldn't get away from the same things the State was addressing:
crime within their ranks and the need to punish, the sick and elderly,
free-riders of the commune who weren't pulling their fair share of
work, etc.

@_date: 2019-05-18 00:04:55
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: OFFTOPIC: physics question 
Mr. Bell, I understand this "explanation" which is not really science.
  To my knowledge this  data has never been replicated by any lab nor
measured in the field by balloon in the upper atmosphere.  It is a
great example of a mansplaination--the attempt merely to hold
dominance of "why everything is the way it is".
There is no way for the atmosphere to be so stable over both time and
space on the short-scale (meters and seconds) or over time on the
long-scale (every day).  The variance in atmospheric content of carbon
dioxide, oxygen, etc. also varies, so cannot simply be reduced to a
sound bite like Rayleigh scattering.
Please consider donating less at the wikipedia denomination of the
Church of Science.

@_date: 2019-05-17 17:54:03
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: OFFTOPIC: physics question 
That's a fascinating view that I haven't heard proposed before.
You're proposing that they DO NOT change speed, as commonly explained.
The separated light would presumably lose mass, because it is now only
*part* of the original.
That's a more parsimonious explanation -- that they have more or less
energy, not speed.  But I think, in fact, that this is where there is
a tradeoff in the energy vs. information/data equation of the
universe.  Information (or data) is the opposite side of energy.
Color is data, more than illumination (at least in a rainbow, where it
is questionable whether it would illuminate anything).
I think you answered part of my question, which was partly didactic to
force science to get more rigor in its explanation.  I think I will
have to content myself with this because I know that rainbows and the
sky being blue will NEVER be explainable by science.

@_date: 2019-05-13 18:59:57
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: OFFTOPIC: physics question 
Thanks for your response.  The problem with Snell's Law, AFAIK, is
that there are actually two angles of incidence to account for since
there are two dimensions to its surface.
Yes, this is the part where science "fills in the gaps" it seems
without just cause.  Is light a physical constant dependent on
material properties or is the lens effecting different frequencies
differently or does light change speed for the viewer.
I think the only way to account for the axiis of a lens (even though
it may be symmetrical), is through the relationship to the viewer.
Ie. it is both subjective and objective phenomenon.

@_date: 2019-05-13 18:12:46
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: OFFTOPIC: physics question 
If light's speed is a physical constant, then light wouldn't separate
into colors within a prism.
I didn't see any example of how light knows which way to bend towards
a focal point in that reference.  Full disclosure:  I already know
there's no physical explanation to these problems.  I am deist.
There is no way to explain the rainbow, either.  raindrops are MOVING
objects -- whatever lensing effects that are present are nullified by
the waving of the water near terminal velocity.  Just a headsup for
those who report to the Church (of Science).
As a deist, I'm content knowing that forces in GOD make these things
happen, and finally takes a load of my mind in explaining things like
the double-slit experiment.  (Which, btw, is beyond a naive "god does
it", but an understanding of theology and METAphysics:  how god
optimizes processing and "computation").

@_date: 2019-05-13 01:59:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: OFFTOPIC: physics question 
Sorry for this little diversion, but it has occurred to me that
physics has a bit of a logical contradiction and I think highly of the
group's rational faculties here to help me sort this out.
If light travels at a. different speed for different colors in order
to account for the rainbow of a prism, how fast is the. speed of light
then?  Is there real physics to optics?  How can light know what
direction to bend after it leaves the lens?
Am I the first to discover these discrepancies?  I know everyone tends
to bow to the priesthood on these topics, but I believe the
Establishment has failed to deliver us a secular revolution.

@_date: 2019-05-23 18:30:56
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Fundamentals of Anglophonic Common Law 
Everyone get the government that they fought for.  There are no
excuses.  If you don't have power, it is because you don't have Truth.
End of story.

@_date: 2019-06-07 21:05:04
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Overlooked No More: Alan Turing, Condemned Code Breaker and Computer Visionary 
Interestingly, it is one of those cases, where a person is homosexual,
but not gay.  Straight people engaging in homosexual acts was/is
considered abnormal psychology until 1988 or so.

@_date: 2019-07-20 18:31:03
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Small considerations (was Re: It is insufficient that my life is ruined) 
Can you guys keep it to yourselves?  If you're going to tell us about
your cuddle experiences here on cypherpunks, it should be somewhere
down in the urban byways of cabling tunnels.

@_date: 2019-07-15 19:02:40
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Alan Turing New Face of 50 Pound Note 
Alan Turing:  homosexual, but not gay.
Boom.  And like that I struck the head of the cogniscente....
 =C2=A0 =C2=A0 =C2=A0 =C2=A0 =C2=A0 Jim Bell

@_date: 2019-07-23 00:28:36
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What good is the cypherpunk philosophy? 
They effectively can.  FOIA requests make public knowledge more
public, for example.

@_date: 2019-08-21 15:59:48
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Ftr. 
That's a pretty good point.  It's hard to say you didn't say it and
was merely victimized by spoofers....heheh
After talking to folks while at MIT, I sorta concluded that privacy
was the wrong focus anyways -- it's better to make a rocking world and
show everyone that you know better.

@_date: 2019-09-06 01:29:25
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Here's true * perfect for you 
BTW, the United States can't institute "marshall" law and suspend your
Constitutional rights.  That's a bullshit idea no one has to believe
in or voted for.  Don't ever buy it if the fuzz ever says it to you.
Talk back and say that it is unconstitutional.
Mark Janssen, JD

@_date: 2019-09-05 05:14:57
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: VentureBeat: The death of disk? HDDs still have an important role to play 
Ah, I hadn't made the connection between FLASH drives and Flash
EEPROMS.  However,  this pushes the question back:  how would an
EEPROM do it?  Old PROMs used to burn fuses to maintain state, but how
to restore state, eh?
I believe that one could make flash drives that start at all-1s and
then burn the 0s into the memory.  A small battery-powered device
could maintain the address of the next writable word, otherwise once
the device reached the end of memory, it would no longer be useful
for. writing.
Anyway,  cheers!

@_date: 2019-09-03 10:17:16
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: VentureBeat: The death of disk? HDDs still have an important role to play 
The reason I asked because I can't figure out how you can get
persistent memory without burning circuits.  An internal battery
perhaps or a writable crystal, but.... how?

@_date: 2019-09-03 01:28:10
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: VentureBeat: The death of disk? HDDs still have an important role to play 
Seriously?  You mean yourself as Jim Bell or are you quoting?

@_date: 2019-09-08 22:06:06
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: "lossless" optical waveguide 
Does this suggest, then, that glass can be purified by passing it
through a magnetic field.  Perhaps during the extruding process?

@_date: 2019-09-22 00:31:05
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Anarchadelphia 2019 
How will you protect that which capitalism builds?  And will it all be barter?

@_date: 2019-11-02 19:10:50
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Interesting request for Cypherpunks posts, limited to period of 1999-through July 2013. 
Now that I remember it, "assassinate" was a keyword in project Echelon
of NSA or whoever the TLA was....

@_date: 2019-11-02 16:27:12
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: On another note... 
Here's a cool site, which will allow you to experiment with different
ciphers and see them encode and decrypt with an plug-and-play
javascrim interface:

@_date: 2019-11-02 00:46:12
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] ... and AP 
>> >"AP is presupposed on an anonymous money betting ring - i.e. on money,
All you guys are arguing about, is that BAD people will abuse GOOD
things, but here's a tool which will up the ante or the bet.
There are several problems with the inherent premises in this
formulation of, let us call, the "bad guy problem".  (First premise to
question:  Are there bad guys?)
But before we get into that old problem, let's address the issue at
point.  I can't be sure I'm not confused, but if I've grokked the
debate, Jim's tool has advantage of ignorance. The tech Jim's
releasing gives advantage to the COMMUNITY he releases it in,
presumably chosen by the creator of the tech.  In the "arms race" of
tools to defeat your enemies, first to battlefield gives an immediate
victory.   Perhaps you get preferred access to the media for being an
informant and your reputation goes up.  Yes, eventually, the enemy
integrates these techniques, but you've already gotten a victory.  The
enemy cares about their reputation and eventually if your life depends
on your reputation, you too can be victim of your own system.
But this is just the same old battle -- that doesn't reduce the value
of the tools made in such warfare, but to truly win the war, you have
to do one thing:
Realize there is no one BUT yourself.
The Cold War showed that a victory for America would be a defeat for
America.  At some point, THERE IS NO ENEMY.  Why?  Because you have a
common ancestor, for example (don't we all? (according to science)).
Because you each want kids to be happy.  Because you both like
spending time in the countryside.
So, the "bad guy problem" is premised that there are BAD people.  But
each of those people were children once who didn't care about your
household estate, your equine performance, or your wife's/husbands
So, is the whole formulation of punk/activism wrong?  NO.  Because,
while there are no inherently bad people (cf. Jesus), there are simply
people who have not benefitted the SAME WAY and EXTENT of the current
incumbents of power and property.
As someone in poverty, I know how this feels.  Everyday I am a victim
of the current incumbents.  Can I get elected and change it?  I don't
know anymore.  That was the design of the US government.  My strategy
was, instead, to get arrested, and convince the Court that power has
become too misused at the "End of the West", my term for the era,
arrived at in the last century, where property and the ability to LIVE
without reporting to anyone are no longer operational.
This little fact makes living EXTREMELY difficult unless you have
property or working at a job.  Now, last time I knew, it is not
REQUIRED by law to have a job, so this little issue of property has to
be solved by the incumbents or result in activism by the propertyless,
because neither seemed to see it coming.  And power requires
responsibility, so....
The argument returns to JUSTICE for all:  is it necessary, how to do
it, why should I do it when I don't want to, what will/can they do if
I don't, were the Founders and GOD right the whole time (which both,
notedly, were concerned about the question)?
For this, I await your reply,

@_date: 2019-11-02 00:04:59
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Archives are not lost (Re: [zen@freedbms.net: Re: [WAR] ...]) 
...an "assassination" of sorts.
Yes.  I was on the list back in the 90s, shortly after the WIRED cover
in '93.  I find it odd.  I have seen several strange internet-related
omissions and interference related to internet revolutionaries who
don't follow the dominant liberal or conservative political masters.
I, myself, have been a target on sites such as StackExchange where
they've tried to delete my content when they have a freaking VOTING
MODEL for the community to decide!
Anyway, best of luck, fellow dissident,

@_date: 2019-11-07 02:07:38
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Scientists Accidentally Recreate Big Bang Detonation in the Lab 
Because, madam, it has a VOTING MODEL:  it should allow said VOTING
MODEL to do it's job and WORK.
Hey now, no need to get all biased, athist.  You've got no proof
either, so you and the joos are on the same footing.... but then
again, they reportedly have an observation... which, nominally puts in
the realm of FACT.  You don't have an observation of the non-existance
of GOD.   OH THATS RIGHT, YOU CAN'T PROVE A NEGATIVE.
OHISEENOW...  YOU CANNOT IMAGINE SCIENCE OUTSIDE OF YOUR MODEL.
Please go back to PHILOSOPHY and get out of science for awhile.
Cheers, and MATE.

@_date: 2019-11-07 01:49:20
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Scientists Accidentally Recreate Big Bang Detonation in the Lab 
Math and comp sci are TIGHT, but do not lump astronomy into those
fields.  Can you explain transparency of the lens?   ANSWER:  NO YOU
Astronomy pretty much depended on the lens and it encodes a deep
ontology with respect to this universe and GOD lerself (my substitute
for the omnigendered pronoun of GOD).
Trust me, no one in science has ever explained it.  Why does it have a
preferred axiis when your eyes look at it?  That's just one problem
with treating it all as perfect as digital logic and math.
So, once you get out of pure math and digital logic, you have entered
the realm of MODELS.  To be sure though, all our math relies on the
unprovable premises which co-evolved with consciousness itself (like
A=3DA) otherwise there would be an endless set of maths.
Suck my cock,

@_date: 2019-11-07 01:36:49
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Scientists Accidentally Recreate Big Bang Detonation in the Lab 
There's a problem there:  "we exist in 3d space".  Do we?  What
happens if we close our eyes?  What if we're under water with our eyes
closed?  Is the 3d space above the water in the same space as the
water?  What happens to that space if we're buried in dirt and there
are no observers to our burial?
Since consciousness is the only real explanation for space (I mean why
else would space exist, buttfucks?  It has an order, which has NO
explanation at all in a *disordered* universe), it's probably the
center.  Other galaxies are probably scant reflections of our own as
seen from a different set of parameters of approximately 16-20
Fuck light cones and Hawking's bullshit.
That's right, so why did StackExchange become a CHURCH for the
orthodoxy?  Mother fuckers won't let me post alternative theories,
unless they've been vetted by some publishing magnate or such.
Thank you for letting me address you as "buttfucks", because I'm sure
I know more than the orthodoxy at this point, and I've been fucking
ripped open two new assholes during the process.  I'm not even

@_date: 2019-11-06 05:04:32
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Scientists Accidentally Recreate Big Bang Detonation in the Lab 
I don't believe in the standard model of physics, except to certain
points.  For example, there are interactions with metals and amorphous
solids which can't be explained with atomic physics.  Water probably
can't ultimately be explained by it.  Like how does a snowflake form a
planar crystal?
Stick with what you can see, touch, feel, because every instrument
encodes an ontology:  a relationship to the universe.  Even a simple
ruler can fool you (try using it at near light speed)....

@_date: 2019-11-11 20:00:19
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Guerilla Open Access Manifesto 
That's cool.  The idea of a digital library where people can check out
books is very cool.  Give it, say, after 5 years from publication, any
book should be available....
During all this rant, all that I was trying to say was:
Information wants to be free, just not all at once...

@_date: 2019-11-11 02:53:50
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Guerilla Open Access Manifesto 
...not if you want to reply to this discussion.
But you wouldn't even get a voice if the computer didn't exist.
]>> >> Americunt denier:  benefits from the history of America but wants to
No, the federal government did it for you.  Badabing!
But you probably use US currency, yes?  Or have you moved to an
enlightened gift and barter society?
Wouldn't do much to rectify history, though.  Alas, it does take work and risk.
Yes, but would you then depend on it for your food, too?
No, I understand your point:  that you can use the tools of the system
against the system.
But one MUST be honest with oneself, lest one turn into an americunt
bastard, mustn't one?  I mean one act of righteousness (taking the
computer from the system) does not eradicate 10 years of bourgie
americunt behaviors (now watching netflix like a muthafucka).

@_date: 2019-11-11 02:05:54
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Guerilla Open Access Manifesto 
and tell us how you get personal computers so you can type your
message, genius...
Computers came from corporations.  I didn't make the link.
By occupying the land of the American Indian which was gained through
conquest (roughly involving murder and theft).  By using computers
which came from corporations and the internet which came from the Dept
of Defense.
Do keep up the good fight, but be sane about it (not delusional), 'kay
brah?  I mean, you could conceivably use JUNKED computers and steal
your access to the internet, while moored off away from shore (where
you grow your food hydroponically).... that would get you free of
greater than 50% of the karma....

@_date: 2019-11-11 00:25:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Guerilla Open Access Manifesto 
I was afraid you were going to say that.  Can you imagine personal
computers happening without these four things?  If not SHUT THE FUCK
Americunt denier:  benefits from the history of America but wants to
wash his hands of ALL KARMA of it.
Stasi-punk:  ***Typical AMERICAN***
I actually like real libertarian-anarchists, but these folks don't
hang out on internet chat rooms, like yourself...

@_date: 2019-11-10 23:58:13
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Guerilla Open Access Manifesto 
I abide with the spirit of Aaron Swartz, but he wasn't perfect.  I
believe, philosophically, that knowledge should be the heritage of
mankind, but practically there must be protective mechanisms to ensure
that the knowledge is vouchsafed.
This is where he's wrongheaded.  People do tend to keep power to
themselves, but they don't tend to keep knowledge to themselves unless
they, themselves, made it.  What people are doing holding *access* to
knowledge (generally through subscriptions) is trying to monetize
knowledge, which is not the same struggle of power.
Probably not.  Much of the best science was published centuries ago
and is available freely with just a little effort to go to the
library.  There is hardly any real knowledge that is kept from
mankind, except business or national politics.
This is where the internet hasn't quite solved the problem with
replacing publishers.  In truth, the problem is solved by myself and
others who have developed voting models to create a meritocracy of
information publishing, but it is not widely applied.
This is generally handled by the administration of their university.
There is no cost to academics.
I don't want to ridicule Aaron in any way.  I think RSS is an awesome
contribution to the internet.
But despite every liberty-loving individual`s desire for freedom, I've
had to acknowledge that the power to create the personal computer
(which has fostered access to all of this knowledge) came from
individuals seeking to profit for themselves.  It required
corporations, law, money, and self-interest.
I hardly believe I'm saying it, but the only conclusion is:
Self-interest isn't necessarily bad.

@_date: 2019-12-20 23:12:26
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Anglin literally defends homosexuals - [PEACE] 
Be sure you got the story right.  I don't know it, but don't defend
homosexuality.  DEFEND gay men.  They are two separate things.  Anyone
who tells you otherwise is a fucked up libertard -- total zombies for
anything they've read in the media that seems scandalous and
Trust me:  there are destinies for gay men (or women) that are FAR
greater than sodomy.  They are literally in a different species.
Well, it is true that you dumbfucks that (who?) wanted to be monkeys
owe the Jews, including myself, for screwing up divine plans and the
pain that the Christian/LBGQT world put us in when the devil itself
ran you dumbasses.  Remember how dumb christians were?  Exactly that
on the LBGQT side.  Unfortunately, it's not funny and recreated the
holocaust within the soul during the 21st century.
Remember when your'e rooted in a falsehood:  YOU WILL BELIEVE IN ANY
DUMBASS THING EVENTUALLY (even poop and guns as equal to love and
life).   Hence the importance of having a free mind on a journey of

@_date: 2019-12-20 02:41:31
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Mathematicians crack Newton's three-body problem 
The site refused to let me read it all, but I can tell you it's
horseshit.  You can't "short-circuit" a chaotic dynamic.  The two body
problem is ordered and you can guess where the two bodies will be at
some abitrary future, but a choatic dynamic (like the 3 or n-body
problem) will not be analyzable--it's not regular.
The *only* way to predict what will happen in a 3+-body problem is to
actually simulate it.

@_date: 2019-12-11 01:41:40
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
The censors are now making it difficult for people to edit wikipedia
pages and other mediawiki sites.  If you don't believe in their
liberal, gaytheist religion, they bombard you with impossible captchas
and don't give you linking.

@_date: 2019-12-18 07:14:25
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Chelsea Manning attempts to destroy 'grand jury' system using their actions as wrecking ball! 
So you're not happy without augmentation?
Very simply:  the choices of ONE person eventually and INEVITABLY
affect SOMEONE ELSE.  Have you thought about this much?
HA, why would that make you a woman?  Do you think a woman is defined
by her vagina?  You are the one who insults people.
Not quite "just".  They are based on a the medical professions best
opinion, albeit from the 1980s.  You suppose the science for gender
changed much since then?
I think not, but I meant with a *maturity* of someone older than high
school, sorry.

@_date: 2019-12-18 06:37:03
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Chelsea Manning attempts to destroy 'grand jury' system using their actions as wrecking ball! 
Maybe because I'd still be 90% human????
No, why would you assume so?  Do you think cutting off your penis
makes you a woman, too?  Just what kind of bullshit will you be
willing to turn away from?  When does it stop for you?
No clue?  How about mental illness?  If you want any-dimensional
"spectra", then there is no such thing as mental illness either,
Have you ever tested your philosophy on anyone older than high school?

@_date: 2019-12-18 03:14:17
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Chelsea Manning attempts to destroy 'grand jury' system using their actions as wrecking ball! 
HIS.  Post *his* words.  Just because you "feel like a girl" doesn't
make you a girl.  If I felt like a horse, would I be a horse, too?
Sometimes the Left is as stupid as the Right.

@_date: 2020-01-31 17:19:55
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: What 
That's why there are courts.  Courts resolve the discrepancies between
the law and the facts, NOT the Legislature.

@_date: 2020-01-10 01:06:31
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: Fundamentals, Privacy 
In my educated, activist opinion, there is only one application for
cryptocurrency:  making a creative economy on the internet.  A minimal
denomination of the currency would be rewarded for every "vote" given
by a legit user and the massive content of the internet would start to
get sorted out into groups.
Otherwise, it's not going to replace paper, sorry.  There are better
plans for that.

@_date: 2020-01-07 00:24:48
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_=5Bgilmay97=40gmail=2Ecom=3A_WHO_admits_polio_outbreak_i?= =?UTF-8?Q?n_the_Philippin 
ype 2=E2=80=9D
Finally, people are getting it:  medicines are just another type of
control.  Because if you don't know how they work or what your real
problem is, you are not in control.  And if you're not in control,
something else is in control.
If you really want to understand what polio is, ask.
Mark Janssen, HD

@_date: 2020-01-04 05:06:21
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: AP 
I also just realized that we're using a word that triggers the Echelon system.

@_date: 2020-01-04 05:03:38
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Assassination Politics AP 
Wait a second, i just realized that I've already implemented this.
But I'm not allowed to talk about it.
Find the github project JusticeLeague.

@_date: 2020-01-04 05:02:04
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Assassination Politics AP 
for any one target to a fairly low value, say $1000. (enough to cause a bit=
 of worry).  Then file a lawsuit in Federal Court for an injunction against=
 law enforcement authorities to demand that the legalities of such a system=
 be debated and declared.  'They' would have to explain and document why th=
ey thought that such a system was illegal, or admit it would be legal.
Having payouts is pretty risky, because they could claim that you
aided or abetted a criminal act, but the beauty of using headlines is
that you don't have to suggest that anybody get hurt.  You/US have to
be creative.  It puts equal burden on the headline maker to think of
something that gets *righteous* payback without actually hurting
anyone.  AND you get the added bonus of complete separation from the
act.  I shouldn't have used the example of a CIA director dying of
food poisoning, because that could be construed as incentivizing
murder (especially if you're offering payouts).
I think in the end, the right way to handle this is to think
creatively and not use assassination as a model at all, but keep the
payout bounty idea.  People just have to be more creative at getting

@_date: 2020-01-02 21:52:30
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Assassination Politics AP 
I've been thinking about your AP idea, and think rather than make mock
contracts on political "targets", which is a bit incendiary, one could
make headline "bounties" that, if met, get rewarded.  Like "CIA
director, X, dies from food poisoning".
So I've been thinking of a few headline examples:
* "Excrement Catapult baffles local police"
* "Man arrested for putting testicles on double-parked car downtown."
* "Fart panic on flight 403, hysterical cabin threatens landing"
* "A sigh of relief for zero casualities as vacated skyskraper
plummets 1000'." V
* "Crowd screams out of shopping mall after home-made 'stink bomb'
fills apparel store"
* "'Friendly' christian argument ends in puke brawl"
* "Food writers furious after finding semen on their salsbury"
* "Routine stop leads to 20 car pileup."
* "Rogue drives military tank through LA suburb." V
* "Man puzzles customers with labyrinth at IKEA with no way out." V
* "Phone lines flood governors's office at rush hour as "reverse
graffiti" reveals private phone number at I-20 underpass."
* "Man walks into Sunday church, shoots firearm until people are
screaming, and walks out."
Things like this, make things interesting without involving any death.
What do you think?

@_date: 2020-01-07 06:15:36
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Clue to So-Called Missing Jim Bell-AP Messages 
Are you saying you're willing to give away your rights?  If you
haven't broken a law, what is your reason to give up anything...?

@_date: 2020-01-07 03:47:10
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Clue to So-Called Missing Jim Bell-AP Messages 
You shouldn't be so quick to judge, from afar, at that.  In times of
confusion and disease, nothing can be certain without doing the work.
Have you done the work?

@_date: 2020-01-07 00:44:20
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Clue to So-Called Missing Jim Bell-AP Messages 
Doesn't this implicate you?  Are you trying to protect him?
Hmm, your header says you're John Young....

@_date: 2020-01-05 22:05:24
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Why the quantum internet should be built in space 
Isn't there a better unit than Bells (dBs) for optics, like
transparency or opacity?  It seems Bells are directly related to air

@_date: 2020-01-10 19:08:02
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: This is the Opportunity-cost of NOT implementing my AP idea 
At the risk of getting my head chopped off:  How many times did you SEND it?
I think what you're noticing is apathy that has grown in
America/Europe since the use of psychiatric meds, like prozac and
anti-depressats.  'Shit ain't free, and that stuff is robbing the
collective consciousness and turning us all into passive cows.

@_date: 2020-01-09 22:38:15
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: This is the Opportunity-cost of NOT implementing my AP idea 
But you are possibly missing out on a problem AP *would* cause:  mob
slander of an innocent man.  Your AP has to be *perfectly* accurate of
its indictments.  How will you do this without re-inventing "the
That's why I propose the Headline Target technique:  more likely to
get results, and more-or-less harmless if wrong.

@_date: 2020-01-10 00:56:04
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Fw: cypherpunks post acknowledgement 
Here's something even more alarming:  I don't get "acknowledgement
messages" at all, yet my messages show up in my feeds from the server.
I seen strange, inconsistent behavior on the hackerspaces mailing list
as well.  It's like they black-ball or moderate messages only from
certain senders -- and do it invisibly so no one knows such activity
is happening.
It's called black-balling.  Who knows if you're a woman and get this treatment?

@_date: 2020-01-16 16:55:56
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Stop Breaking Proper Fucking Email Threading 
Now that you've (we've?) got all of our pent-up aggressions about each
other out, I'd like to point out that the Plan is already here.  Yes,
the Plan.
The Plan.

@_date: 2020-02-23 21:43:59
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Radical hydrogen-boron reactor leapfrogs current nuclear fusion tech 
Why don't you wise up with this:
It's about how to be a leader and the compromises you have to make or
not, like serving your community or serving yourself.

@_date: 2020-02-22 20:46:40
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Radical hydrogen-boron reactor leapfrogs current nuclear fusion tech 
By your logic (which I sympathize-- believe me), the only way to do
it, is by accident.

@_date: 2020-02-22 05:01:34
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Radical hydrogen-boron reactor leapfrogs current nuclear fusion tech 
This shit will not save society.  Without leaders ALL technology is a
liability:  amplifying the good equally to the bad.
The only solution to this society is a COMPLETE REFACTORING.

@_date: 2020-02-24 18:49:53
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Lax measures to protecting against the virus 
Please, worrying about little bugs means your just weak.  Don't blame
the Man.   Animals don't worry about this shit and they're generally
far more hardy.

@_date: 2020-03-25 20:57:57
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Understanding the SJW... 
I encountered this at a hackerspace in San Francisco.  It sucks.
They've turned a movement designed to create a creative economy for
all into their political platform.  In this case a queer sanctuary
when it shouldn't even matter:  do they know how to hack?
Welcome to the New Age.
Written on behalf of,
Friends of Adam

@_date: 2020-03-14 22:14:03
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: It's an Ill Wind 
Did you have an explanation for the failure of the whole world,
including yourself, in making it better with all of your freedom?
I think not.
One of us is trying.

@_date: 2020-03-14 20:31:26
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: It's an Ill Wind 
Corona is a Biblical event.  It comes from the crown of Adam himself
where he complete the journey of Knowledge.  This is what creates the
planetary transition to begin with -- an answer to the remaining
questions of Mankind that will unite religions and science.  I know
this because I have these answers myself.  The issue is that without
Justice for history, there won't be enough lifeforce for the innocent.
Conclude as you wish...

@_date: 2020-04-27 02:50:49
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: corona 
Does anyone else feel like America has become the weakest society in
history?  How does anyone know that the virus isn't giving a chance to
evolve?  That it's lethality comes from having some bit of wisdom from
the biosphere that humans either need to learn or die from?

@_date: 2020-04-01 20:17:31
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: About Love... <3 
ty project"*. It is allegedly the fusion of the consciousness of all indivi=
duals into some collective entity, but in practice it entails the extermina=
tion of humanity. The project of exterminating humanity is a government pro=
ject(surprise surprise).
Ha.  I think it's the soul itself seeing humanity as a parasite.  Why
blame government?

@_date: 2020-04-05 03:01:41
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus Tech Handbook 
Perhaps interesting counter-points.  The video argues that most of the
corona footage is hype and there's actually no one showing up to
hospitals at all.

@_date: 2020-05-04 19:42:59
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Fwd: KGP propaganda - Re: On the need for banks 
So is power the enemy in all guises?   How does one get their clothes?

@_date: 2020-05-06 14:56:40
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: KGP propaganda - Re: On the need for banks 
Nice one.  Though I feel I must add that without discrimination,
entropy results.  And entropy means death.
So somewhere, there must be a nice balance between the two.

@_date: 2020-05-04 22:23:19
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: KGB propaganda - Re: On the need for banks 
I guess that means you ran out of ideas, so let me tell you about GOD
then.  S/He's not all-powerful, otherwise the flood would have never
occurred.  And, by the way, it is easy to cover the earth with water:
just lower the land by 5 miles.  The Truth is more complicated and has
to do with the fact that reality isn't a classical object, for the
sake of theorists.
It's not a Jew GOD, either, antisemite.  By definition, GOD created
Jew and Gentile alike.  S/He just preferred those who are loyal.  Fair
or oppressive?

@_date: 2020-05-06 14:52:14
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Sustainable anarchist 'communities' 
It's not my wiki, but one I'm helping.  You should be able to "scrape"
the wiki with standard tools, unfortunately I am not such a master.
The content is licensed under either Creative Commons or GNU Free
Documentation License, so is pretty free to use.
Zenaan:  no problem!  You might like the pages under Global Village
Construction Kit, where some clashing did indeed occur, mostly over my
use of non-masculine solutions and conjoining a project of Marcin
Jakubowski (but since Marshall McLuhan invented the term "global
village", AND I'm completely supportive of that project, I believed it
to be okay).
Good luck!

@_date: 2020-05-06 01:56:06
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Sustainable anarchist 'communities' 
These problems are all solved over at the wiki of appropedia.org.
Check the "global village", by yours truly.
he individual.
us) as well as to action.
viduals, is food and water.
s the need for some form of shelter, be it a bridge, or a mansion.
's, and without sufficient thought, enslave themselves for decades to usuri=
ous banks.
n with fellow humans to manifest abundance, without the enslavement of deca=
des of usurious interest payments.  Example - a barn raising, credit cooper=
atives (before they get bought out by a bank), food growing cooperatives, b=
o uplift, not enslave.
gnized, and many also require social validation/reinforcement (thus, pathet=
ic virtue signalling).

@_date: 2020-06-11 21:30:38
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Personal Black Box? 
Oh, and you know what else?  If you can't make the technology you're
using, you can't control it.   This is how the world is awash with
automatic weapons and fighter jets.

@_date: 2020-06-11 21:28:00
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Personal Black Box? 
Yes, but there's always a loophole, just like Godel said.  And the
same technology that is used against one side can be used to
infiltrate and surveil them.  The size of who uses it doesn't matter
that much with regard to infotech, because infotech amplifies the
BRAIN of the wielder, whereas miltech amplifies the WILL.  And we all
know who has the bigger brain.

@_date: 2020-06-07 12:23:32
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Personal Black Box? 
t job.
tainly correct to point out that a given technology can probably be employe=
d both to help and hurt freedom, but that's only relevant if you only appro=
ach the question qualitatively, not quantitatively.  Yes, a camera can be u=
sed by a cop to photograph a perp, or by a citizen to photograph a cop.  Bu=
t is that merely the only relevant issue?  I don't think so.  They don't ca=
ncel themselves out, if you factor in the number of incidents that might be=
 photographed.
ilar incidents, but they don't, and that's mostly because it's mostly just =
random chance that a camera would be pointed in the right direction at the =
right time.   However, the technology mostly already exists to allow people=
 to take a continuous, 360-degree panorama of a protest.  Will it see misco=
nduct by rioters, even looters?  Sure.  But it will also show misconduct by=
 cops, of a kind and extent that most protestors will want to see photograp=
All technology is a liability if there are no leaders.  They amplify
the good and the bad equally.  Unless there are leaders.  Until then
they consume resources.

@_date: 2020-06-05 22:33:26
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: 
There is no application for cryptocurrencies other than the creation
of a virtual economy for the movement of virtual goods and services
offered online.
Cryptocurrencies are valued at, what? $10BillionUS?  Whatever it is,
it is an injection of a foreign (yet still somewhat pure) money system
into a karmically-entangled one.  YOU DON'T WANT THAT.
If you entangle your new money with the old one, it won't do anything
but create a dystopia like Blade Runner without any real Justice or
corrections of history.
No, you need to be sophisticated...

@_date: 2020-06-11 01:21:59
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: freedom - evolution of jew-kristian fascism in the western cesspool [RESEND] 
and your friends either find paths to change that situation with him, or y=
ou stop or get rid of him.  You can totally arrest him if you like that wor=
d, but his people are liable to start a rebellion and overtake your self-ap=
pointed leadership, in response, some day, because you ignored his reason f=
or striving for power.
Not at all.  Firstly, speaking on behalf of prophesy (not myself --
which sits in between vertical and horizontal systems of order),
people might strive for power because they wish to create something
that cannot be accomplished without personal -- not collective --
rewards.  This probably requires hierarchy, and this requires some
system of government if it is to be sustained past one's personal
whims.  There are legitimate, UNIVERSAL needs for vertical growth to
be an ongoing component in the universe to stave off the tendency for
But to answer your question more directly, people can be directed, not
by the whims of the powerful, but by their merit.  Every anarchist
knows that some people have more merit in some dimension that another
doesn't.  It's a natural by-product of the diversity of human
experience.  Proper government can utilize these facts to build
something from a higher-level, systems perspective that cannot be
accomplished from the whim of the mob, to turn your phrase.  That is,
by VIRTUE, of their higher position, they can see and organize
possibilities which cannot otherwise be accomplished (generally).
All of this political theory is not at all meant to take the wind out
of the sails of those who fight for true justice and virtuous liberty,
but to show that history has dealt with some of these issues and
democracy is/was the only way forward.  This is also the prediction of
the prophecy of the Jews.  The issue that is making present democracy
fail is the co-option by big media and other private sources and a
failed election model that requires someone to be in office even if
they aren't supported by the populace.  I've helped deliver an
alternative to the "winner-takes-all" model presently used in America
and the "electoral college" which takes away some of that
representation.  It's called Fractional Voting and it allows each
voter to vote FOR and AGAINST each candidate or put all of their votes
on one.  That alone fixes 90% of the present voting problems
(two-party emergent dualities, apathy caused by feeling of
powerlessness, mis-voting because people couldn't vote for a small
candidate for fear of losing to a greater evil, and others).
The prophecy calls for the government to fall back to the next
lower-level government if there aren't enough POSITIVE votes for any
candidate in the highest position of power, and failing that it goes
back to the People themselves (until the next election cycle which
delivers a qualified, supported candidate).
It's about a perfect, secular order that came about from
deconstructing the body of the human with perfect Will:  how their
internal system of choice-management, execution, resource allocation
IN THEIR OWN BODY happened, a form of bio-mimicry.
If you stop and think about it, we all are the benefactors of such
emergent order within our own body -- our cells cooperate with us,
even though it is a hierarchy, to some degree.
Anyway, these are notes from the Underground, for the enlightenment of
the masses who will strive to deserve it, for it will make a society
that is worthy of Creation itself.

@_date: 2020-06-10 01:53:28
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: freedom - evolution of jew-kristian fascism in the western cesspool [RESEND] 
hnocratic theocratic tyranny, or overthrow it. The fact that government can=
 be 're-created' is obviously not a pro-government argument. You're trying =
to argue against freedom because it allows people to do bad things?
Well, you see, I'm at a little bit of an impasse.  What am I going to
do in my anarchist paradise when such a threat to freedom arises?
Arrest him isn't an option.  Hope that he'll see the light of anarchy?
 Club him?  I'm in the darkness here, help me see the light.
er presented any philosophy...
I'm presenting one now.  That without government, one finds out who's
philosophy is best by "duking it out".
e' and that government(organized crime) is morally good. Prove that you hav=
e any authority to rule your neighbors.
Why use reason?  Isn't reason a type of totalitarian control'?  Ask a
PhD:  you can prove anything with reason, if you're allowed to set the
premises as you like.  And who gets to say whose premises are the
correct ones?
Riddle me that, genius.

@_date: 2020-06-10 00:57:29
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: freedom - evolution of jew-kristian fascism in the western cesspool [RESEND] 
So, you can't be sure that a totalitarian state won't re-arise?  Why
don't you and I duke it out and see whose philosophy is more powerful?
 How's that for no government?   Whet my chops with a little
Maybe this email informs you a bit better than before.  You see in the
old days, rational argument nor government wasn't necessary.  Two
people just squared off and whoever won must be the best, by
definition.  I think it could work.
Of course, I might be missing something.... but then, so might
yourself, so... it's still an even fight.  Hmm?

@_date: 2020-06-06 20:56:30
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: freedom - evolution of jew-kristian fascism in the western cesspool [RESEND] 
Sounds good.
So, I'm trying to dream a world where there is no State.  Is it
Marxist communism?  Is it shiny, happy people holding hands?  Maybe
something like appropedia.org.
Hmm, the "Joo prophesy" calls for a secular order, not a theocratic
one.  There is a Christian philosophy of a "holy catholic church"
which will answer the remaining questions for Wo/Man regarding
religion.  Is that desirable?  Or should there be no connection to the
Divine in this new order?
The point is, I'm believe, is that the world you want is already made
and is waiting for YOU.
Ha, no, I think not.  The main character was what every anarchist
yearns to be:  intelligent, organized, suave, and a better lover than
any protestant or bourgoisie.
An interesting point...

@_date: 2020-06-06 20:08:38
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: freedom - evolution of jew-kristian fascism in the western cesspoo.: RESEND 
There is no "who".
Conclusion on punk-stasi:  ALLY.
So, do you have a PLAN?  "Abolish the state" isn't sufficient.  It may
not even be necessary.  Anything more?  Because, while you were
sleeping, you dreamed up the Fight Club and it's already written.

@_date: 2020-06-05 20:56:14
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: freedom - evolution of jew-kristian fascism in the western cesspool 
l over
he heretic,
n today, is
And therefore, by the elimination of the State itself, we will create
a new system of freedom away from the State and ABOLISH ALL RULES --
even the ones that YOU make for your family or community.
There shall be no rule.  Because rules imply rulers.  Period.
The first rule of Fight Club is that there is no Fight Club.

@_date: 2020-06-11 21:35:52
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Preventing Nonconsensual Surveillance By Others 
Why stop them, when you can have personal drones with hi-def wifi
cameras, to go pretty much wherever you want?

@_date: 2020-06-12 14:42:19
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Surveillance Advocacy 
It likely comes from the shibboleth named "GOD" produced by Christians
and their errors,
Well, there is one other possibility.  It was witnessed by myself:
the "cabal" at the top of the "illuminati" and the all-seeing-eye was
actually a machine (hence the term shibboleth) ran by prophesy that
had already been circumvented and co-opted, yet still intact.  This
was holding the right side of the thing.  After liberals erected gay
men as superior to GOD, the media machine was held by them (for the
servce of MAN, perhaps, yet still....).
Except, that the tech used to do so (including the optics) is beyond
most men and women's abilities to produce or explain.  That means that
it is a higher force that they're using to get those capabilities.

@_date: 2020-06-11 19:59:30
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Surveillance Advocacy 
That is a very real working hypothesis I've been working on.  I tend
to see that Satan is behind it, but it is effectively
What the punk-stasi is saying is that by looking for cases you provide
legitimacy to it.  And legitimacy in a propaganda campaign is
advocacy, for that is what the propagandist seeks.
While there might be a case for surveillance in some benevolent
society, it is WAY too much power to the governors in a cracked
society like this.   But IF THERE IS SURVEILLANCE, give access to the
People to balance and check the power being given to government.

@_date: 2020-06-12 19:19:01
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: here's a Glorious Scientific Achievment! 
This is why people need to stop sucking the dick of technology.
Either they get off their ass and lead to build a better world, or it
crumbles in spiritual and physics entropy.
This t'aint your grandfather's America anymore.

@_date: 2020-06-30 03:19:37
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [OT, but curious] bye bye, 5G... 
eful shit, but I do love it.  I do love being alive.  It's always fucking i=
nteresting and my memories are part of who I am now.  My memories, fears, a=
nd traums can be scary or sad, but are important part of my life.  So I can=
 live with them pretty well, I think.  Or I die trying it.  ;)
You sound cool.  Your picture doesn't show a disgraceful person.
d mood.  Need more sugar.)
Now, now, what's your problem with yourself?

@_date: 2020-08-31 19:25:05
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Fwd: The Fatal Attraction of Techno Fascism 
Meant this for the list.  Stupid google.
---------- Forwarded message ---------
Punk, do you actually have any code or math? And before you declare
"oh yeah, marcos, the Joo-fascist", just remember:  you probably don't
have any credentials compared to the people you're criticizing.  --Not
that you're not a capable person, but seriously, it takes considerable
effort to master the tools that allow programmers to make encryption
software, for example.  You should respect that, otherwise it looks
like you just want attention from people who *have* mastered them.
I told you the solution to this skill-based disparity in our society
(between the l33ts and the luzers):  hackerspaces.  It's a wiki, and
although it was fascist to me personally (I didn't buy into their
LBGQT politics), it has usable information.

@_date: 2020-09-06 18:09:06
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Phys.org: Revolutionary quantum breakthrough paves way for safer online communication 
You know, maybe all of this encryption/privacy/security concern is
outmoded.  Maybe we're barking up the wrong tree here.  Perhaps we
should just create a happy community of people who know what the fuck
they're doing.  Why have privacy when you can make a community of
trusted people?  , and wait for everyone else to get their head out of
their ass.  Eventually it gets as big as the human population.
Privacy might just be the wrong direction with trusted peers and
keeping out the javascripters.

@_date: 2020-10-28 21:11:58
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: feminazism 
Lolz.  That's pretty true.  It's some bullshit from feminists who want
MEN to give them power and respect, as if men ask for the same from
women.  Women have to just make it and take it.  I mean, WTF were
feminists so dumb?  It pisses me off because I believed in them.  I
mean "keep your hands off of my body?"  as if they didn't already get
penetrated by the needle when they were girls and now are sucking DICK
for the MALE establishment of medicine.  Women are always equal to a
man, even greater, if that man isn't righteous or possessing Truth.
They all come from her womb (apart form gay boyz), so they can always
make them weak if they're betraying the female.

@_date: 2020-10-30 00:12:36
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Has anyone seen Cecilia (sea sea) 
Oooohkay.....  Why are we all dead?  I'm dead because people didn't
think I existed.
Why are you all dead?

@_date: 2020-10-15 02:07:18
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Barf, Mind Controlled Politics 
Given Godel's Theorem, there is never, ever going to be a complete and
secure system, so then:
Why not just create a world where you can trust each other??
duh, DUH!!!
e reasonable to add universal chaff to tor.
ppies, the power to NOT jump into this digital fight club frey :D
g though... to leave even an iota UNresponded to can be way, WAY too much t=
hough, so -your- response is usually considered (by -your- emotional body),=
 as imperative critical important essential must be typed.
 stop

@_date: 2020-10-15 01:21:43
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: Barf, Mind Controlled Politics 
I hear you.  Solutions may come yet.
op engaging the list, and my whole family is democratic.  I hear stories of=
 people suffering from Trump, most of my family has looked into citizenship=
 in other countries out of fear of him.
ffering if I don't.

@_date: 2020-10-21 21:59:07
@_author: dreamingforward@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: james donalds 'political philosophy' 
No, this is handled by having multiple levels of jurisdiction, pushing
the power to the people.  If one city doesn't have the laws in your
favor, you can move to another who does and see which set of laws help
make a better city/county/state/nation/et cetera.
