
@_date: 2001-09-16 22:21:18
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Stink Bombs 
Yes, you can build a stink bomb with ingredients found in ordinary
grocery stores!
1. Buy a pound of beans, a pound of onions, and a quarter of a pound
   of garlic.
2. Cook all these ingredients together in a liberal amount of cooking
   oil.  IMPORTANT: ADD THE GARLIC LAST, because cooking tends to
   decrease its efficacy, so you want to minimize the garlic cooking
   time.
2a. Variation: Substitute lard for a south-of-the-border recipe.
2b. Variation: Substitute garbanzo beans for a Middle Eastern flavor.
3. Eat the entire thing!  Yes, it's not easy to get down two pounds of
   fatty garlicy beans and onions, but you can do it if you believe in
   yourself!
4. You now have a stinkbomb in your pants.  Be careful!  Use it only
   for good!  (Please consult a physician before beginning any
   strenuous exercise or diet program, and this is both a strenuous
   exercise and a diet.)
Another helpful recipe from Dr. Evil.  Next week: A selection of
garlic desert toppings.

@_date: 2001-09-13 23:16:58
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Eric Hughes' email 
Hi, does anyone have a copy of the email Eric Hughes sent out?  I
somehow didn't get it and I can't find it in the archive.

@_date: 2001-09-11 22:34:47
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
We already have a national ID card.  It's called a drivers license.
It just happens to be issued by the individual states, not by the
federal government, but it is effectively the same thing.
This has been a tragic event.  I just hope we can have a cool-headed
rational reaction to it.  That's not easy to do though.

@_date: 2001-09-14 08:06:03
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
Isn't there some rule that says "don't start a land war in Asia"?  It
sounds like that's what's going to happen.  The idea of kicking some
terrorist ass may be gratifying, but the practice of it may be more
than the US can stomach.  Salon has a good article sugesting that the
US should treat this as a criminal manhunt, not as a military matter,
for quite a few sound reasons, which include the idea that a military
action will cost the US allies, but a manhunt may help retain allies.
Oh no, Hitler has come up in this thread!

@_date: 2001-09-15 00:16:59
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: "Bugged" calling cards? 
The way calling cards in the US work is that the user calls an 800
number and then enters a PIN number and the number to be called.  The
way 800 numbers work, the 800 number operator (ie, the company that
pays for it) gets a list of all the numbers that dialed it, because
he's paying.
It seems that it should be possible to create a "bugged" calling
card.  You give this to someone as a "free prize" or whatever and then
you get a list of all the numbers he calls to and from using it.
Does anyone know if something like this exists, which I can buy?  I
want to send someone a "present".

@_date: 2001-09-16 18:14:03
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
"Money taken by force from others" is flowing very freely these days.
I'm sure taxpayer money will be used to rebuild the WTC.  Even worse,
I'm sure billions in taxpayer dollars will be used to bail out the
airlines.  Apparently all airlines were having a bad year even before
Tuesday, and now even the biggest are facing bankruptcy.  The
capitalist response to this would be to allow them to go bankrupt,
because other better-managed leaner meaner airlines would come to take
their place, but the American response will be billions of dollars
(taken by force from others) in subsidies.  My business could use a
subsidy too, Uncle Sam!

@_date: 2001-09-16 00:38:13
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
I agree with this.  The Twin Towers should be built bigger than before
(twice as big if it's feasible).  I know some people would be scared
to have office space in there, but that's fine, because people who are
not scared will take space there, and everyone will know it.  I would
take an office on the 200th floor if I could.

@_date: 2001-09-17 07:54:42
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: [havenco-discuss] Re: [Announce] HavenCo Sealand Remailer Online 
I agree.  Until remailers start charging per message, they will never
be "sustainable".  Yes, they may hang around but they'll always be in
a position where a) the operator pays costs of operations and b) the
operator exposes himself to various risks and liabilities and c) the
operator isn't getting compensated for a) and b), which makes the
whole thing inherently unstable or unsustainable.  Charging for
service is the only way to go.
Yes, there are no "sustainable" non-tracable remote payment systems in
existence, and it's almost impossible for such a system to exist.
Why?  There are many reasons.  One of the most obvious ones is that it
would be so disruptive to the activities of so many very powerful
institutions (tax collectors and law enforcement mainly) that they
will shut it down, where ever it may be, as soon as it gets big enough
to be on their radar.  Staying small enough to be under the radar is
also not a sustainable strategy.  The more fundamental reason why an
untracable payment system is unsustainable is that it will be used to
pay for things which society (including all of us on the c'punks list
probably) abhors, such as non-state-sanctioned murder-for-hire, and
eventually the operator will be found and put out of business one way
or another.
Is there no hope for remailer operators?  Probably not.
Note that I'm not trying to claim that remailers are impossible; they
are possible and they have existed for years.  They will just always
be little personal projects, which will come and go.  The first time
an operator faces serious jailtime for running a remailer, probably
most or all of them will shut down.  This time may be coming soon.

@_date: 2001-09-27 07:09:38
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
Fragile readers, stop here!  Only those tough enough to cope with grim
biological realities need read on...
That's looney!  That's about as stupid as banning nail clippers in
carry-ons.  Oh wait...
This reminds me of a US elementary school that, in its effort to show
how zero-tolerance it is, banned "injesting any chemical substance".
I would love to have gotten a video tape of the principal drinking a
glass of water, and then get him expelled from school...  I mean,
really, what is a "biological"?  Every day I excrete several pounds of
wonderful biological stuff, including many harmful disease-causing
bacteria.  If I accidentally crap on a dish full of nutrients, have I
created a "biological"?  Do I need a permit to operate a compost heap
or a "bio-toilet"?
I'm about to dump some biologicals into our sewer system.  Oh wait,
this list is monitored by the Feds, I should clarify that statement: I
am about to excrete some human waste into the toilet, which I will
then flush.

@_date: 2001-09-26 20:04:36
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
From cows, of course!  Edward Jenner, in the late 1700s, noticed that
milkmaids tended to have resistance to smallpox, so he took some
cowpox pus from a milkmaid named Sarah Nelmes, and injected it into a
boy, who then became immune to smallpox.  You would have to do some
research into cowpox to see what is the best way to do this, and where
you might find infected cattle.  Modern cattle raising is probably a
lot more disease-free than it used to be, but maybe you could find
samples in less developed countries.  I would imagine you could buy
some cowpox cultures from various bio research supply companies, but
that would probably attract a lot of attention these days.
Even earlier, Chinese doctors found that they could achieve resistance
by snorting dried pus from smallpox victims.  Drying it must have been
enough to inactivate the virus.
There is so much literature (going back hundreds of years) on smallpox
that it should be pretty easy to come up with a safe, reliable
recipe.  The problem now is that you will attract a _lot_ of attention
trying to buy the ingredients, so you may need to be sneaky about it.
Even buying plain old lab glassware requires a permit these days
(thank you War on Drugs!).
It does sound like a good biz opportunity, but you would have to do it
all in a country without liability laws or an FDA.  It might be hard
to find a qualified biologist willing to do the work, and it would be
hard to find a host country for this, because they would be accused of
sponsoring biowarfare research.

@_date: 2001-09-26 07:27:30
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
No smallpox vaccine is currently commercially available today.  You
can't buy the stuff.  There are small stockpiles of the vaccine in
case this "extinct" virus comes back someday, but it's hard to imagine
that they could be administered in time to do any good.  If it were
possible to buy the stuff, I would get vaccinated right now, but
someone doesn't want us to be able to get it.  You might say that it's
because of liability laws, but this isn't true, because you can't buy
it in any country, even countries without liability laws or
functioning civil court systems.
The lie they say for denying the vaccine is that because the virus is
extinct, there is no risk of infection, and there is a risk of dying
from the vaccine, so it is too unsafe to use.  This is disgusting
because everyone knows that it is a lie; the virus is nowhere near
extinct, and probably exists in dozens of labs around the world, and
there is a very real danger of becoming infected with smallpox, but
because no one has used it as a bioweapon in this century, the
probability of it cannot be measured, but it is almost certain that
the risk of being infected is currently higher than the risk of dying
from the vaccine.
However, someone who was vaccinated, even decades ago, probably has
some more residual resistance than those who never recieved it.
It is most definitely not extinct.  One of the stupidist most
hypocritical scientific things I have ever seen was some stupid
ceremony where the "last vials of smallpox" held in both the US and
Russia were simultaneously destroyed a few years ago.  Not one single
thoughtful person could possibly believe that that was the last trace
of smallpox, and yet they had a bunch of scientists saying how
wonderful it was.  They knew with absolute certainty that this wasn't
true, because how on earth could you believe that the
CIA/KGB/Mossad/ISI/etc haven't all kept little samples?  Anyway, even
if every lab destroyed its samples, it still doesn't make it extinct.
It is almost certain that some virus would survive in old grave sites,
As I said, there are vaccines in a stockpile, but not remotely enough
for the entire US population, and they are not available anyway.
Someone made the conscious decision that the US population should be
made vulnerable to this virus.
One interesting point is that you could make your own vaccine in
various ways.  One is to infect yourself with cowpox, a related
disease which is not harmful to humans, but which confers immunity.
The other is to prepare the vaccine by taking samples from an infected
person and inactivating them in various ways.  Smallpox was the first
vaccine to be developed, and it was done long before modern biology
existed, so it's the easiest one to make.

@_date: 2001-09-27 06:29:30
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Smallpox? 
I was thinking about this some more, and I wonder if cowpox still
exists in the wild.  I know that all livestock in developed countries
receive certain vaccinations, and it would be logical for
cowpox/smallpox to be one of them.  Hmm, this also makes me wonder: if
there is veterinary vaccine for *pox, could it be safe and effective
for humans, or easily adapted for human use?  Trivia buffs: The word
vaccine comes from the Latin word vacca, meaning cow (vache in
Um, I must correct you: Someone has it in stock, and it would be a
criminal offense (in the US) to make it available, I would imagine.
That may or may not be correct.  If you could vaccinate an old-timer
with exactly the same preparation as was used before it would be safe,
but there is a risk that any preparation could be contaminated with
something, so there is always some risk.  It could be very small
though.  The original vaccine was quite safe, and has been studied
exhaustively.  They have been vaccinating for smallpox since the
1800s.  Here is a woodblock print from Japan from circa 1850
advertising the smallpox vaccine:
Sorry to have to shatter your world, Marc, but, in the US, you have
absolutely no right to weigh those risks for yourself.  The government
will make all those types of decisions for you.  What, did you think
you know what's best for yourself?  That's un-American.  I bet you
also think that you are responsible for your own safety in general?
You could definitely make a protein vaccine for smallpox that wouldn't
involve any of the virus itself.  However... that is quite a project.
It would be much easier to use some non-human pox (cowpox, monkeypox,
whatever), or even use inactivated human pox.  Your neighbor gets the
pox, you collect some of the pus, and inactivate it, perhaps just by
drying it out or heating it a little, and you have an instant
vaccine.  The reason why smallpox is the first and only virus ever
erradicated from the wild is because the vaccine is quite easy.
I hope someone takes up this project in some non-US country, but I
doubt anyone will.  I know it would sell well to Americans right now
if someone did.

@_date: 2001-10-27 20:58:04
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Tracking Spores 
Don't mess with Texas.  Someday Texas will regain its independence and
form the Nation of Texestan.

@_date: 2001-10-13 20:29:05
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Paper tigers II 
Yes.... yes... I would like to put the crack pipe down, but I don't
remember which direction down is.  Can I get there from here?
I am in a happy yurt in Antarctica, as I mentioned in my previous
email.  I have invited Senor Pablo Escobar to come over for penguin a
l'orange, flown in all the way from the North Pole.  I hope some
friend to join us in our happy frozen yurt, ja ja!

@_date: 2001-10-13 03:45:43
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Very important question: Is Mr. bin Laden a leftie? 
I have the impression, from the small number of photos and videos that
I have seen, that Mr. bin Laden may be sinister, in the literal sense
of the word.  Does anyone have information on this?  This leads to the
obvious question: if you're firing an AK left-handed, how do you avoid
getting brass stuck in your beard?
The curious want to know.

@_date: 2001-10-10 01:52:56
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Holiday in Antarctica (was Re: Anthrax Case Number Three) 
I think that any national government puts its citizens at risk, so I
am now logged in from a sealed yurt in Antarctica via Inmarsat.  I
hope I'll be safe here.  Eh Senor Escobar, this place is very cold,
but there's room in the yurt for you if you would like.  You can grow
some primo Antarctic hydro-kind here if you like.  White powder
everywhere!  Come on over for some old-fashioned Kazakh hospitality
and a plate of penguin a l'orange, amigo!  Si si!
I'll be sure to post some photos when they start 3G service here:
"Here's me with some snow.  The white stuff over there is also snow.
That white thing there is a polar bear.  Yeah, I know they don't have
polar bears in Antarctica.  He's just visiting."

@_date: 2001-10-06 06:04:46
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: 2nd anthrax case url 
Here is a slightly easier URL for the only article I can find on the
2nd anthrax case:

@_date: 2001-10-02 03:41:45
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Lesson from WTC: Question Authority 
That is a good point.  I'm sure the passengers on the hijacked planes
were doing the same thing: waiting for the "authorities" to rescue
them.  The standard advice is "comply with their demands and let the
authorities handle the problem".  It's part of the "dial 911"
mentality that is common in America, which basically says, "You are
not responsible for your own personal safety; the authorities are."
Unfortunately, in the long history of the world, it has been proven
time and time again that the only person you can really count on for
your safety is your own self, and America has not discovered some
magic formula that makes that no longer true.
Obviously, the passengers on the one plane that didn't hit its target
knew from information from the other planes that if they didn't take
their own action to solve the problem, they would end up slamming into
some target, and they heroicly decided to take matters into their own
One good thing to come out of this is that people will question that
old advice.  Gun sales are up apparently.

@_date: 2001-10-04 07:20:28
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: WTC Photos 
This brings to mind something which would be a very cool project: Have
a digital camera that public key encrypts the photos before storing
them.  Obviously the private key would be stored in some other safe
place, so if the camera is stolen, no one can see what the photographs
are.  I'm sure Canon will never add this feature, but someday soon
these things may be running Linux and may be hackable.
Anyway, I can't wait to see the photos.

@_date: 2001-10-05 02:36:59
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
Hey there's nothing wrong with Britney except for her music, right?
That's a good way to look at it.  Anyway, the Koran is written in
Arabic, and Joe Taliban speaks some Persian dialect, and he may not be
literate in that, much less literate in Koranic Arabic, so they
basically can't read it themselves, and have to rely on the mullahs,
who, as you point out, have agendas.  I guess it's the same situation
with the Catholic church in the middle ages.
The situation is the same everywhere.  In the US there are some people
who don't believe that the 2nd Amendment means that people have the
right to bear arms.

@_date: 2001-10-05 00:39:25
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
Interesting idea in the area of "psychological warfare" I guess, but
one problem: There are Jews and Moslems in the US army who might have
a lot of problems with this.  But hey, I'm in favor of anything that
can end this conflict with the minimum of human bloodshed.  Didn't the
US drop beer on the Ho Chi Minh trail at some point?  Maybe we need a
big beer delivery in Kabul.  Perhaps a Britney Spears concert?
One thing to keep in mind is the ordinary guys in Afghanistan are
aching for anything American (or rather, anything American that
doesn't go "bang").  When Titanic finally got circulated in
Afghanistan on video tape (a few years after it came out in the West)
guys were getting Leo Dicaprio hair cuts, and that pissed off the
Taliban.  Maybe the US could take advantage of its cultural, instead
of military, might?  Any other solution is better than killing if
From what I can tell they don't take their religion seriously
First of all, Islam does not allow sucide attacks.  Secondly, I just
read that these guys were habitues of the Vegas stripclub scene.  I
guess that's a little luxury you can't find in Kabul.  Allah will
judge them.

@_date: 2001-10-05 07:19:56
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Incentives (Re: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with 
Well, my point is that they are extremely serious about achieving
various political goals, but don't know the first thing about what
Islam really means.  To put it another way, was Stalin a communist?
Yes, in the sense of being a member of the Communist Party, but other
than that, not in the slightest little bit.  He didn't believe in
Marxism in even the tiniest degree; he believed only in his own
personal power, and Marxism was a convenient rhetoric for that.  Same
with Mr. bin Laden.  He calls himself a Moslem but he doesn't act like
one.  A few things about Islam: The word Islam is a cognate of the
Hebrew word "Shalom", meaning "peace".  Islam specificly states that
people who follow a religion which is based on a revealed book are
alright (this basically means Jews and Christians).  Islam reveres
martyrs but forbids suicide attacks; ie, if you plan to be a martyr,
you aren't, and you're going to hell.  All these points are obvious if
you've taken Islam 101.  Mr. bin Laden is smart enough to understand
these things but has chosen a life which is repulsive to any true
Moslem.  There isn't any serious theological debate about that fact.
The Koran is pretty clear on the big points like that.  The terrorists
themselves were the same way.  The American way of life, particularly
things like Vegas and strip clubs, is ostensibly what they were trying
to destroy, and yet they couldn't resist it at a personal level.  This
is just how human beings are.  Humans are hypocrites who say, "Do as I
say, not as I do."  You can see it everywhere: Rosie O'donnel's
bodyguards carry guns, the Catholic clergy is infested with AIDS,
Clinton swore to defend the Constution, whatever, that's just how
people are.
Actually.... this brings up a very interesting point.  The fact is,
these guys had families, spoke English, had skills, had visas to
Western countries, probably had Western friends, basically they were
people who could have had bright hopes and futures.  They also had a
taste of the West and they liked it, including little Western perks
like alcohol and lap dances.  They were older, not wide-eyed
teenagers.  As I understand, they were recent converts to the
extremist cause.  I think some of them converted while in Western
countries.  Hmmm, it's possible for a guy in that position (visa,
future, skills, Western tastes) to convert to someone who wants to go
out in a fireball for Allah, but it makes me wonder a little bit if
there was more to it than that.  Also, to get 19 such people to commit
over a period of years with no leaks, including no leaks from people
who turned down this fabulous once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, quite
amazing.  Maybe the 70-eager-virgins-a-day was the carrot, but I
suspect there may have been a stick, too.  That would be an
interesting thing to know more about.

@_date: 2001-10-06 05:53:50
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax...coincidence? 
Very interesting, I can't find this story _anywhere_ other than the
URL you posted.  It should be white-hot news, because two airborne
anthrax infections in the same region, where the terrorists trained,
is either an enormous, outrageous coincidence, or a biological
attack.  Too bad that, like the smallpox vaccine, the anthrax vaccine
isn't available to civilians.  "We won't vaccinate you!" seems like
not the optimal way to fight bioterrorism.  Maybe if enough people die
from it, there will be a black market in vaccines to meet the obvious
demand.  Maybe people will go to jail for having the wrong antibodies.
FORTUNATELY, this stuff is not contagious.  Either you have it or you
don't.  If there was an attack, it's too late to do anything about it,
as far as I can tell from reading on the 'net.

@_date: 2001-10-11 19:26:47
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: FBI grammar (was Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards 
You mean, I'm using English right now?  All this time I thought I was
speaking Latin!

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:19:39
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: FBI grammar (was Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards 
Some of us will always know that "data" is plural, "kudos" and
"everyone" are singular, and the plural of "octopus" is "octopuses".
But I will not deny you your right to bad grammar!

@_date: 2001-10-10 00:21:45
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: FBI grammar (was Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards in 
Time was, people knew grammar.  Not anymore.  Consultant Larry Ponemon
needs to hire a grammar consultant to tell him: "_These_ data _were_
so disorganized... There _are_ so _many_ bad data out there..."
Get a clue, Mr. Ponemon!

@_date: 2001-10-11 03:19:17
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Documented criminal/terrorist uses of cryptography? 
It seems highly likely that there will be an effort to stop net
anonymity, which will basicly means KYC for ISPs.
You won't be able to travel anonymously, pay anonymously, or
communicate anonymously.  Not that there's any reason to believe that
these restrictions would have hindered the terrorists in any way.

@_date: 2001-10-13 08:19:02
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Paper tigers II 
They are not a hoax, not at all.  However, contrary to the rumors
flying around, they are not at all related to the events of 9/11.  You
have to look someplace further away than Afghanistan to find the
source.  Hint: why do you think it is taking them so long to analyze
the DNA?  BECAUSE IT ISN'T FROM EARTH!  Do you think there is a
coincidence in the timing of the anthrax situation and the enormous
dust storm on Mars?  Do you think that maybe this dust storm, which
has been going on for three months, might be being used to CONCEAL
something which is going on on the surface of the planet?  Or do you
think these two incidents are just another "coincidence"?  Yeah, and
I've got a bridge I can sell you.

@_date: 2001-10-14 20:27:50
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: A REALLY DIFFERENT terrorist threat view. 
I am sorry, Senor May, but the man you refer to as a "nitwit" is
actually right in this case!  Tell me, how do you think I keep my yurt
warm here in Antarctica?  Do you think I call the local utility co and
have them string up a line?  No!  Cold is the main natural resource
down here, so I rely on cold fusion, although I have an inner infolded
electromagnetic range.  You think a big Viking gas range boils water
fast?  Well if you put this thing on any setting higher than "low" you
go from a block of polar ice to super-heated steam before you can say

@_date: 2001-10-19 09:46:58
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
I would not think that ordinary ironing would effectively
decontaminate letters with anthrax in them.  These are tough spores.
The only way to really find out what works would be to try the
experiment, but they need a lot of heat, so you might need to do a lot
of ironing.  Irradiation is a much better bet.  Better still is a
plain old gas mask, or maybe some anthrax vaccine.  Oh wait, civilians
aren't allowed to have vaccine because safety isn't really the goal
There is no counter-countermeasure necessary.  The goal of the
terrorists isn't to take down America by killing Americans.  The goal
of anthrax is to spread hysteria and terror, and it is doing that with
great efficacy.  The counter-measure to hysteria is knowledge.  There
is no counter-measure to knowledge, which is why it's so cool.
Unfortunately the US government is contributing to the hysteria by
withholding knowledge.
Fortunately we have the Internet which lets us find information for

@_date: 2001-10-14 22:28:15
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
Spores tend to be pretty rugged.  One of the reasons anthrax is such
an ideal weapon is that its spores are rugged enough to tolerate being
used on missiles and bombs, which means extremes of temperature, I
supose.  I think you would need to microwave it pretty intensely to
kill it.  Microwave radiation is non-ionizing so it kills things by
heating the entire things, which means you need to use enough heat to
denature enough proteins to stop metabolism.  Using radio isotopes to
irradiate it would be a different matter.  That might be much more
effective and would do less damage to the mail than a microwave oven.
The right kinds of radiation are ionizing, which causes very reactive
free radicals to be formed in the cell.  It doesn't take very many of
these free radicals to damage the DNA beyond usefulness, usually by
breaking it.  Some organisms are radio resistant, which means they
have hyper-active DNA repair systems and multiple copies of important
enzymes.  This comes at a cost of needing more energy to run these
systems and to build more DNA so the organisms are at a disadvantage
compared to non-radio-resistant organisms in non-radio environments.
If you wanted to build a real weapon-type anthrax you could do stuff
like grow it with increasing levels of antiobiotics, so it would get
resistant to them, and then you could also expose it to heat,
radiation, whatever.  I'm sure the superpowers have done that kind of
stuff.  The principles behind this are simple, but the practice is
probably quite a challenge.  It would be interesting to know if the
anthrax that is showing up in the mail is the natural stuff or some
kind of weapon-grade stuff.
The safest thing to do is to stick to email.  In a yurt.  In

@_date: 2001-10-16 04:14:39
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
"Hhmmm" is probably the only thing we all agree on here.

@_date: 2001-10-18 02:50:26
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Non-verbal IQ testing 
Hehehe, no, but that is a funny thought!  I can use my fuzzy text to
exclude robots from a site, but maybe I should also include a little
IQ test to exclude inferior minds.  That is a very good idea.  I'll
try to write up a little server that does that.
Here in my yurt in Antartica, obviously, I don't have a basement, and,
following energy-saving sugestions on this list, I am heating the
place with inner infolded electromagnetic free energy vacuum motors,
and oh boy, if you don't adjust the thermostat right on those things,
it can get pretty hot in here!  Someone open a window!  Oh wait, yurts
don't have windows.  Let's see, if I were writing the SAT analogy
test, I would put:
Inner infolded electromagnetic free energy :: Dilithium crystals as
a) Cold fusion :: Heisenburg compensator
b) Splitfire sparkplugs :: Female condom
c) Thighmaster :: Tiger penis virility pills
d) Miracle grow :: Miracle whip
e) French :: Greek
That's right, the SAT is a Scholastic Aptitude Test, and is not by any
means a cross-cultural IQ test.  You need a certain IQ to do well in
college, but good work habits, concentration and a good memory may be
more important.  I am currently working on a phd here at Antarctica U.

@_date: 2001-10-18 02:02:45
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Non-verbal IQ testing 
You forgot one: Shopping.  They are second in shopping only to Persian
Jewish women in LA.

@_date: 2001-10-17 23:28:36
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Non-verbal IQ testing 
Every once in a while even cpunks need a little respite from ranting,
and some refreshing topic which hasn't been beaten to a painful
ad-hominem-death a thousand times already... so here's the topic.
What methods are there for doing non-verbal, cross-cultural IQ tests?
Some obvious things come to mind, like geomtric analogy questions, but
that would seem to favor people who have strong spatial or visual
reasoning, which is only one aspect of overall intelligence.  Any
other options?

@_date: 2001-10-18 21:08:15
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Expert Warns Coded Pictures Indicate Al Qaeda Planning 
Fascinating website.  This may sound disturbing, but I must say, this
terrorist was a pretty good painter if these really are his paintings.
Mr. Koontz made some good points about the biological attack, but his
thesis is predicated on the idea of yellow meaning sickness, and I'm
not sure if it all ties together.  For instance, one of the paintings
clearly shows an Arabian horse struggling uphill into a field of
yellow.  Yellow in this case looks like peace or salvation.  He also
didn't pick up the image of a horse running up the rock being a
reference to how Mohamed went to heaven, so there may be some other
interpretations of these images.
I hope none of these plots will come to pass.

@_date: 2001-10-22 23:34:27
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
What they don't understand is that the State _is_ people.  They're
people, some of whom are good, some are bad, some are smart, some are
dumb, most are just ordinary people but a very tiny number are smart,
competent and truly evil.  On the whole, the people who are in the
Government of the US are not much different from the rest of the
people in the US.  I just can't understand why someone would want
someone else to have power of life and death over him.  In life I have
learned that the only person who I can absolutely rely on to look
after my interests is me.  Isn't this obvious?
Nevermind, of course it's obvious, but it's also scary ("you mean, I
have to be ready to defend myself?").

@_date: 2001-10-22 20:00:33
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
That is a good observation, and something which I'll never
understand.  How can they want to recreate the conditions that lead to
their families being killed just a couple of generations ago?  How
could a Jew possibly support gun control?

@_date: 2001-10-21 01:30:44
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
Hey, it's easy to destroy something, much harder to read from it.
Also, this chip will need to communicate with other devices all the
time so if your chip is munched, the card will be pretty useless.
Coming soon to a country near you!

@_date: 2001-10-20 22:52:29
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
I'm sure you can buy card readers that will read it, but I'm equally
sure you won't find anything sinister on it.  From what I understand,
all they put on the back is a machine-readable version of the text
that's on the front.  Nothing mysterious.
Sooner or later the strips will be replaced with some kind of
tamper-resistant smart chips, and then we will have a much harder time
knowing what's on the chip.
What's disgusting about Larry is that he wants to impose this on
everyone but himself.  When he checks into a hotel, do you think he
whips out the Larry credit card and drivers license?  No, of course
not.  He has an assistant who checks in for him.  He is completely
anonymous in this case.  When he gets on a commercial plane, does he
have to show id and have his bags searched and remove all metal
objects?  No, of course not because he doesn't fly on commercial
planes.  I'm sure that the actual number of times Larry has to show ID
or use his personal credit card per year are pretty close to zero.
Compare that to the average American, who will have to show
Larry-ID(tm) every time he does any kind of financial transaction,
travels anywhere, goes to a bar, goes to the gym, goes to a library,
rents a movie, signs up with an ISP, or anything.

@_date: 2001-10-20 22:09:50
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
There's an even simpler alternative: Sure, CA licenses may have this
mag strip, but the format is not universal throughout the world, or
even the US.  Carry your passport, which doesn't have a mag strip
(last time I checked).  Carry a foreign drivers license.  Do you know
how easy it is to get a drvers license in some foreign countries?
They should be valid ID for a bar in California.  Next time I'm in
some unknown little third world country I will make a point of picking
up an official government-issued id.  "Yes, Mr. Bouncer, this is my
government-issued photo ID.  Yes, Tajikistan is very cold this time of
As for legality of it, it may be legal but it's a sleazy thing to do.
I'm sure we are going to see more of this.  Larry Ellison may not get
his exact dream to come true, but there will certainly be real-time ID
verification databases with good net connections, so the teller at the
bank will be able to swipe your ID and see your photo come up on his
screen.  This makes forging an ID essentially impossible, unless you
can also hack into the DB in some way.
Do all states even have magstrips?

@_date: 2001-10-23 01:45:07
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Why Plan-9? 
I am aware of that, but it's a hack, and it doesn't work well.  For
example, it has no way of detecting when you enter an incorrect
password.  Anyway, for an OS which prides itself on built-in crypto,
why do we have to mess around with loopback?  There are many FS
features, such as being able to change read, write end execute perms
for owner, group and root, which don't require a loopback FS.  How is
this any different from that?  If it were really integrated crypto, I
would be able to do mount -k /dev/sd0c
and it would do the right thing.  Even better, I would be prompted for
a password during boot so it could boot from an encrypted fs.
This is a glaring hole in OpenBSD's crypt-everywhere mantra.

@_date: 2001-10-22 20:36:02
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Why Plan-9? 
No and no.
I didn't say I trust it.  I just said it's there, and it isn't there
in OpenBSD.  Why doesn't OpenBSD support such a basic thing as an
encrypted FS?  There's encryption built-in everywhere else except the
one place which makes all the difference if the machine itself is
I think there are Two Great Encryption Tabboos: Encrypted voice and
encrypted FS.  I would like to see OpenBSD support the encrypted FS in
its default kernel, thus making it the first OS with such a feature (I
don't count hacks such as loopback FS).
Beer is precious.  Don't waste it on your keyboard.

@_date: 2001-10-22 20:19:21
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Why Plan-9? 
"Built-in crypto" is a big overstatement for OpenBSD.  Unfortunately,
Win 2000 has more built-in crypto than OpenBSD does.  Hint: Try to
create an encrypted FS on OpenBSD.  Now try on Windows 2000.

@_date: 2001-10-25 05:12:13
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
I understand their original reasons for the bump-in-the-wire model,
but I'm glad to hear they are making a cryptophone, because I don't
really want to have some other device there.  I want it integrated.
I'll wait to see what they come out with.  Another thing that would be
even more cool would be a cordless phone.  I will certainly buy these
things when they are shipping them, if they are somewhere in the $1000

@_date: 2001-10-25 02:14:58
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
Right, exactly.  When Starium was first announced, people were excited
because it sounded like we were going to get industrial-strength stuff
at consumer prices.  That isn't reality, and now they are going to
sell industrial-strength stuff at industrial prices.  There's no way a
complicated all-digital public key crypto device can compete on price
with made-in-China analog scramblers, which are basically toys.  That
is not a smart fight to pick because the consumer who is just playing
around doesn't know the difference under the hood.  I'm glad they did
the smart thing on this.
Sounds reasonable to me.  I hope they do well, but I'm not giving them
money until the devices are actually shipping.  I think they do have a
good chance because law enforcement and private security demand for
these things might be pretty good these days.

@_date: 2001-10-25 01:31:34
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
Great, no price and uses the world-famous DACE algorithm from Bell
Labs.  Next!
One unit is a "scrambler" which boasts "52,488 code combinations!"
The other uses "rolling code scrambling", which I assume is not
digital.  Next!
It's another "scrambler" which doesn't list the algorithm and boasts
"thousands of key combinations."  I suspect that it is an analog
scrambler, not a true encryptor.  Next!
Right, the Secure Telephone Units use solid security design and good
algorithms.  They are expensive.  STUs can be used for classified
information and they can be bought TEMPEST-spec.  I assume that either
these things are restricted to government contractors only, or if they
are available to anyone with a credit card, they come with a backdoor.
So, I checked all the URLs you gave me, and none of them, except the
STU, use real encryption, and the STUs are either not available, or
they are backdoored.
Starium is competing with STUs.  Not only does Starium have a catchier
name, but they are a fifth of the price of a STU, they are cooler
looking, and one could argue that they are less likely to have a
Right, so Starium is price-competitive, easier to use, and possibly
more secure.  Oh, and they will sell to anyone who has money, unlike
the STU sellers, I assume.
I think their initial market are customers such as law enforcement,
criminal defense lawyers, and executives who might compare this with a
STU, and for whom $1000 vs $100 is no big deal.  Government and law
enforcement will think it's cheap compared to STUs.  It's not approved
for classified data (AFAIK) but that might not be a problem for law
enforcement work.

@_date: 2001-10-25 00:23:38
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
Do you have any references for those?  I'm in the market for a voice
encryptor system.  Are these devices really comparable in terms of
ease of use?
Yeah, I remember they were supposed to be much cheaper.  Perhaps they
will drop the price later.  I'm sure they didn't pick this number
casually.  If this is something that a lawyer would use to communicate
with a client in criminal defense cases, or for government use, for
instances, then $2k/pair might be a very reasonable price.  It does
price it out of the consumer market, but how big is the consumer
market for these things, even if they are $100 each?

@_date: 2001-10-23 03:06:29
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
(is that the correct plural of Starium?)
NOW TAKING PRE-ORDERS FOR DELIVERY IN DECEMBER 2001/JANUARY 2002
Very Limited Quantity Available
A 50% Deposit Will Reserve Your Units Today!!
1-10 Units  $995 USD Each
11-20 Units $936 USD Each
21-50 Units $884 USD Each
51 Units+ Call For Price
What do people here think of this?  My initial thoughts are:
1. Voice encryption is great.  It's the Last Great Encryption Taboo
   (the other is file encryption, but that's not nearly as taboo as
   voice).  I'm glad to see something on the market which addresses
   this.  Obviously, all traffic, including saying hi to grandma,
   should be encrypted.
2. The unit looks very easy to use.  I could travel anywhere in the
   world with it (well, anywhere that it's legal) and plug it in and
   press one button and it works.  That's great.
1. I would like to see an open source reference software
   implementation, or some way to verify that there are no "naughty
   bits" in this thing.  I know, open source isn't much of a business
   model, but with encryption products, it seems almost essential.
2. It's expensive.  It costs more than a PC.  However, $2k for two
   units is small compared to the value of data it could be securing,
   so for many users, the price will be fine.
3. A minor nitpick: It uses 3DES.  What's wrong with AES?
I think I would like to buy some of them, but I can't decide if I want
to be an early adopter, or wait for cheaper and better versions to
come out.

@_date: 2001-10-24 03:07:35
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: openbsd encrypted fs 
It creates an loop encrypted loopback FS.
I tested it out and it was about 200% slower than normal, which is not
a problem, in my opinion.  It's hard to believe that the latency came
from the encryption, because the encryption operation is probably not
much more computational than the checksum operation, whereas having to
write to two FSes at the same time involves all kinds of OS layers and
lots of latency.
No, it has nothing to do with speed.  Machines are plenty fast.  This
is just a kludgy way to do this, and the last time I tried it, I got
kernel panics within a day or so of uptime.  Not acceptable,
obviously.  Anyway, the problem is that vnconfig creates a raw disk
partition, and then you have to put an FS on top of that, so vnconfig
has no way of knowing if you entered the password correctly or not,
and basically this method just sucks.  My file system already has
features such as file ownership, directories, file names, and
checksums.  I don't need to use some hacked feature to get those
features to work.  How is encryption any different from those other
features?  Answer: it isn't.  It should just be there.
Look, how can you not understand this?  Isn't this the cypherpunks
list we're on here?  You might as well ask, "is encrypting my
phonecall to grannie ever useful?"  If I have a choice between
encrypting and not encrypting, why would I not choose encrypting?
Surely you can appreciate that a software-only solution to
tamper-resistance might have some usefulness?  Surely you can
understand that, given a choice between booting from a CD and booting
from hard disk, it might be an enormous pain to boot from CD all the
time, and CDs are far less tamper-resistant than encrypted disk?
Surely you can understand that there might be some config files in
perhaps a user wants to make sure that it cannot be proved that a
certain application or kernel mod is installed?  With the right kind
of boot loader and encrypted FS, you could conceal which OS is even
being run.
Here's one of the biggest security tool design falacies of all time,
which you have fallen into: "Off the top of my head, I can't think of
a threat model for this configuration option, so no one needs it, so
I'll hard-code this limitation into my tool.  Why would anyone want to
conceal which OS he is running?"  There are more threat models than
you or I can possibly imagine, so it is horrificly bad to design use
contstraints into your security tools architecture.  But very few
people understand this.
Right, thank you, someone understands this.  Imagine a laptop with VPN
software and config on it, for instance.
Network security is problem  for most servers, but there are a
hundred other problems behind it, and physical security is somewhere
high up there.  Let's put it this way: Let's say you have a DB which
stores 100k credit card numbers.  This is not uncommon in e-commerce.
Stolen credit card numbers have a value of about $5 each on the black
market I am told.  Suddenly you have data on the machine which are
worth $500k.  Hmm, do you have armed guards on duty 24 hours a day to
protect this $500k asset?  Where does one find armed guards who can be
trusted?  Do you want to spend the $200k/year to hire enough armed
guards for 24hour coverage?  Where does one find armed guards in
countries which don't allow arms?  In Singapore do you hire kung fu
masters to protect your $500k machine?  The answer to all of this is
basically "duh, why don't we encrypt the disk?"
Yeah, tell that to the MI5 or whichever British branch it is that has
lost hundreds of laptops.  I used to work at a corporation, and one
night, all the laptops in the executive offices were stolen, and
people still say, "you don't need FS encryption."  I don't understand
it.  It's an easy feature, and there's basically no performance
penalty, so why not have it?  "Encryption everywhere" is a good idea,
and OpenBSD should adopt it.
I can't believe that some people on this list think that storing data
in an encrypted format is pointless.

@_date: 2001-10-30 23:05:55
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Transperancy Spray? 
Freon (chloro difloromethane) is pretty inert stuff, as far as I know.
According to the MSDS (Dupont:
 it is stable but
"Incompatible with alkali or alkaline earth metals--powdered Al, Zn,
Be, etc."  I'm not sure what "incompatible" means here.  Finely
powdered Al can be pretty reactive stuff, with many things besides
It's a pretty good organic solvent I would think, so you could easily
find some dye which would disolve in it.  If it disolves easily in
gasoline (or tricholormethane, even better), it would probably also
disolve easily in freon, so you could test some things.  In fact, a
smudge of light grease in the right shape might be able to indicate
that freon has been used.
Maybe we should just stick with email?  Anyway, how often do you think
this stuff is actually used in real life?  Interesting to talk about,
but hardly relevant to anything, I would think.
Btw, are we sure that this spray is just plain old freon?  I looked
around and I couldn't see any hints about the composition of this

@_date: 2001-11-07 00:46:58
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Mail filters in qmail? 
Ok, I have come to the conclusion that this list is unbearable without
some filters.  Can someone recomend what is the easiest way to drop
email from certain posters, using the Qmail system?  I just want
something simple which won't require me to learn some new
super-powerful filter ruleset description language.  I just want to be
able to say, "If it comes from ravage please discard."

@_date: 2001-11-09 20:41:48
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: A Simple Plan ( Re: explosives ) 
I have an even simpler process:
1. Go to the supermarket.  You will need the following it: Five large
   cans of refried beans, a piece of cheesecloth, and a cigarette
   lighter or some long matches.
2. Eat the beans.  All of them.
3. After a sufficient quantity of explosive gas has formed, moisten
   the cheesecloth.
4. Remove your outer and underwear.
5. Lay on your back, and drape the wet cheesecloth (don't forget, it
   needs to be wet!) in such a way as to protect yourself from fiery
   harm.  With the other hand, hold the lighter and ignite the gas as
   you release it.
6. You have created an explosion!
The Cypherpunks is always a helpful list!

@_date: 2001-11-18 04:59:33
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Monkeywrenching 
You need to build an inner jail for your inner policeman!  But to make
sure that he has due process, you need an inner internal affairs
department to look into his complaints!
This is going to be complicated.

@_date: 2001-11-18 01:35:37
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
As someone (Bob, perhaps?) says, financial crypto is the only kind of
crypto that matters.  Other things are interesting and useful, but
this is the big one.  Let's recap Tim's definition here: the financial
crypto we're talking about here is anonymous unlinkable holding of
value and untracable anonymous transfer of value.  That's what we're
talking about.  The math and the technology are there, but it hasn't
happened, and it isn't any closer to happening now than it was ten
years ago.  In fact it's even further away from happening.
There have been endless discussions of why it hasn't happened, but the
bottom line is, various powerful heavily-armed groups (tax collectors
and their beneficiaries and many others) would lose literally billions
or even trillions of dollars if that happened, so they will put
infinite pressure on anyone who tries to do it.  If you thought that
you were going to lose a billion dollars, what wouldn't you do to stop
that, especially if you have the legal power to use deadly force,
write laws, and throw people in jail?  Therefore, the operators of the
scheme need to be anonymous, hidden, or hiding in a cave in
Afghanistan (er, maybe that doesn't work anymore).  Anyway, there are
serious barriers to trusting people who are anonymous with your life
savings, and there are serious reasons why such a system may never be
So, is there a way to get the system to work?  There may be ways, but
it's going to be a trick, and until that happens, all the other fun
crypto-anarchy stuff won't go anywhere.  This list is full of
predictions, and here's mine: no anonymous digital cash will exist
anytime soon (the next year, or five or ten years).
The world goes on the way it always has!  If you think back to humans
evolving as small tribal groups, certain distributions of behavior
were needed: we needed leaders, grunts, artists, craftsmen, risk
takers, risk avoiders, freaks, and many other types.  We don't live in
tribal groups anymore but we still have that distribution of
behaviors.  Maybe financial crypto doesn't fit into this kind of
distribution because it's too great a challenge to too many people.
Financial crypto would let people bypass the leader-controler types in
many important ways.

@_date: 2001-12-14 07:16:36
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: The Truth about Cypherpunks 
I am beginning to think that this whole thing is not so much
"Cypherpunks vs. FBI" as it is "mullets vs. coolnecks".  Obviously,
the average mullet is no more qualified to understand net and crypto
than the average coolneck is qualified to understand... well whatever
it is that the FBI does.  This is ok though, because c'punks and FBIs
each represent the elite of the elite of mullets and coolnecks

@_date: 2001-12-07 05:39:24
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: slavery in New Jersey 
Could people on this list please learn to format stories that they
post here so we can read them?  How hard could that be?
Thank you.

@_date: 2001-12-20 21:30:37
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
Any kind of privacy-enhanced token/payment/value system would be a
major accomplishment at this point.  The c'punks have been in biz for
almost ten years now, and private payments have always been probably
the  goal, and we are _further_ from having a private payment system
now than we were ten years ago.  We've got the math.  We don't have
the software or the business, though.
The reasons for this have been debated over and over.  We're at an

@_date: 2001-12-25 22:14:51
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Time to unsubscribe... 
Just for the record, I'm not an ignorant MS user.  I'm an ignorant
user of something else, far more subtle.
[list snipped]
Choate and Mattd seem to be responsible for more than half the
traffic, and basically none of the value on this list.  I think it
would be almost tolerable without them on it.  Ok, time to figure out
the mysteries of filtering.

@_date: 2001-12-25 05:56:58
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Time to unsubscribe... 
Basically half the posts to this list are incoherent, idiotic rambling
from mattd and ravage  The few bits of wonderfully
interesting news on this list aren't quite wonderful enough to
motivate me to figure out how to use mail filters.  If someone knows
of a filtered version of this list, please let me know.

@_date: 2001-12-27 01:53:33
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Explosive smuggling (@#%$@# deleted) 
Yeah, there have definitely been cases of surgically implanted drug
smuggling, so surigcal explosives wouldn't be surprising either.  A
good plastic (haha) surgeon might be able to implant 10lbs or more,
easily enough to bring down a plane.  Breast implants would be the
obvious place to put it, because they certainly can't open up every
woman who wants to get on a plane with "augmentation" so what can you
do?  Even if they CAT scanned every passenger, and breast implants
showed up on the scan, what could they do about it?  "We're going to
have to cut you open and take a sample of that breast material."  This
is starting to sound like an Austin Powers sequel...  Except
unfortunately this could be a grim reality, not a joke.
I remember reading about a drug smuggler who was stopped because his
legs were "unusual" looking.  They opened them up and found out that
the purpose of his trip was "business".
The solution to this problem might be greater use of high-speed
trains, video conferencing, and other things to make air travel less
They should be seized and destroyed by the fashion cops.

@_date: 2001-12-26 23:49:55
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Explosive smuggling (@#%$@# deleted) 
No, not at all.  There were a few articles on that grim subject pretty
recently.  Bottom line: There is no technology available today that
would work in a practical way to do this.  They are working on some
things that could do it, but they will all be slow and expensive and
they may expose passengers to X-rays or neutrons or something in order
to work.  One side "benefit" of these things is they will also be
effective against drug smuggling.  The risk is very real; a woman
could carry several pounds of explosives.  "They" are aware of this
but there isn't much they can do right now.
The way I see it, there are currently three risks to air travel which
are simply inherent in the current reality of the system.  One is
explosives or other weapons smuggled in the body.  Two is the risk of
the plane being taken down from an external weapon, like a missile or
even a big machinegun on the ground.  Three is the risk of pilot
suicide.  I don't see that there is a technological solution to any of
these attacks, and they are all real.
Weapons smuggled in the body: I'm not sure if this has ever happened
yet, but tons of drugs make their way around the world at a steady
98.6, so this is a real possibility.
A missile from the ground: Many shoulder-launched missiles go
"missing" every year, including ones from the US military.  Many have
been given to the Mujahadeen in Afghanistan while they were fighting
the Soviets.  Certainly the Pakistani ISI, and the Iraqis and Lybians
and North Koreans have easy access to these things.  Even if a
terrorist can't get a missile, I would imagine that a plain old 50 cal
machinegun, somewhere in the approach path of the planes, would
probably be able to do the job.
Pilot suicide: It is accepted by everyone but the Egyptians that pilot
suicide was the cause of the Egypt Air crash in 1999.  It is accepted
by everyone that the cause of the Silk Air crash in December of 1997
was pilot suicide.  How common is pilot suicide?  Those are the only
two that I know of.
We will end up doing many expensive and harmful things to achieve a
goal (perfect air safety) which is impossible to achieve.  Taking away
nail clippers is not the answer.

@_date: 2001-12-28 01:45:10
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Explosive smuggling 
Sniffers are one way to detect things, but as you point out, it is
possible to get emissions so low that they cannot be detected.
However, the new methods are based on other exotic things like neutron
scanning and mass spec, which can detect chemical composition, right?
Also things like CAT scan X-rays and maybe even ultrasound can detect
different material types; ie, bone and flesh look different, so
perhaps C4 has a different X-ray opacity than other things?  With
things like neutron scanning, it should be possible to detect stuff
anywhere in the body, perhaps?  That's why boobs are the perfect place
for this.  A big homogenous-opacity shape in a body cavity or the
abdomen is suspicious, but boob implants are "normal".
I know little or nothing about these things.  Maybe someone can give
us a summary of the different super-scanning technologies?  Even
without knowing anything about them, I do know that they will all be
expensive, and, even if they are safe, they will have to overcome
public perceptions about radiation.  And brand-new technologies like
this are usually only partially effective.
Interesting stuff.  At the beginning of the 20th Century, four
countries had the opportunity to become empires: The US, the Russians,
the Germans and the Japanese.  After much bloodshed, the US won (I'm
glad about that, especially when you look at the alternatives).  Now
the US is having to put up with some of the unpleasant aspects of
being an empire, and that's why we're even discussing neutron scanning
to detect explosive boobs (aka "booby traps").

@_date: 2002-01-29 03:46:59
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: I spoke too soon!  (was Re: Crypto Winter (Re: Looking 
Yes, quite, and last I heard, Mr. May doesn't fly anymore, so it would
take quite a while for him to get down here.
If any of you c'punks would like to visit me, I would recommend that
you come for my party which I am hosting to celebrate Antarctica's
national holiday in June.  I am hoping that Senor Escobar will join us
there.  Senor, I promise that I will not invite anyone from Delta
Force.  They are all busy assisting your colleagues in Afghanistan.
Antarctica is a lovely place with a beautiful sunset once a year.
Time to fire up the reactor core so I can make some chai, real
Pakistani truckstop style.  Pull out those carbon rods and gather some

@_date: 2002-01-23 08:15:50
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Comments from you Dr Strangelove? 
Dr. Strangelove is out on medical leave right now, but maybe I can
help you?  Let's start by rolling up your sleave.  Orderly, can you
help the patient please?  Left or right will be fine.  There you go,
feel better now?

@_date: 2002-01-03 01:32:05
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
What about the possibility of doing encrypted telephony stuff in Java?
As many have pointed out, sound programming is highly non-portable
among Unices and Windows.  However, Java has standard ways of doing
that, so maybe it is an option.  I know that Java isn't fast, but
hardware is getting faster every day.  Also, the heavy-lifting stuff
(the compression and encryption) could all be written in C, which
would be completely portable, and linked in using JNI, right?  Java
also has all the powerful network libs already built in.  If there
were an app like SpeakFreely in Java, it would run on a lot of
different systems.

@_date: 2002-01-04 01:42:46
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
I think that is an excellent idea.
That would solve not only the greenhouse effect but also the
overpopulation problem.

@_date: 2002-01-08 05:44:52
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: How to defeat spyware 
That does not mean that they were using only a primitive BIOS level
logger.  A GUI-interceptor would generate a huge log of activities;
you would just pipe it through grep TYPE: KEYBOARD-INPUT or something
and it would give you the same thing.  It doesn't really matter,
because GUI-interceptors are off-the-shelf things, so if they felt
they needed it, they would get it.  It's all pretty basic.
Bottom line: If your attacker gets access to your hardware without you
knowing it, and he has resources and a clue, he wins.  The threshold
for "clue" and "resources" in this case is very very low; maybe $100
to install your basic hardware keylogger.

@_date: 2002-01-08 03:31:28
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: How to defeat spyware 
Windows *, Mac * and Linux probably together have 99.9% (guessing) of
the desktop market, so if I were packing a kit, I would carry disks
for each of those.  It's technically not difficult with any of these
OSes, because none of them have any kind of MAC system.
Yeah, that proposal (snipped above) would definitely defeat the plain
old BIOS keyloggers.  How sophisticated is the FBI stuff?  Let's make
some reasoned speculation.
Most of their targets aren't going to be super-sophisticated hackers
who will do those kind of things.  The FBI has a whole bunch of tools
which they use to achieve their goal (get the conviction, etc).
Generally, they don't need any one of those tools to be perfect.  The
plain old keystroke logger would work in most cases, probably.
However, that is not the end of the story...
Ouch!  That might work for occasional short messages, but for daily
Obviously, the earlier ones worked at the BIOS level and could only
catch key activity.  I have definitely seen some products (plural)
available now which monitor GUI events, so it can show all the
activity of the snooped machine in a window.  This is OS specific, but
there are only about five OSes out there, and this technique
definitely works, and it WILL easily defeat all your tricks of using
the clipboard, mouse, etc.  Note that this is not the same as dumping
full-res video at 30 fps, which would be impossible, as you point
out.  Catching gui events is compact enough to be practical.
Bottom line: I don't have any knowledge of what the FBI actually does,
but there are off-the-shelf commercial things out there which defeat
what you described, so it's safe to assume that the FBI has something
like that if they feel they need it.
Bottom line 2: You need to have a tamper resistant system if you are
faced with an attack from the FBI hacker team.  Fortunately, in this
case tamper resistance is pretty easy.  Get yourself a webcam.  I
don't think many Mafiosos are sophisticated enough for this, or they
probably would have found some other line of work.
Have no fear, Tim!  No one ever asks me how the laws should be anyway.

@_date: 2002-01-08 01:10:03
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: How to defeat spyware 
Morally permissable or not, a shotgun and a string are unlikely to be
effective.  The FBI went so far as to get a law passed that says that
they can use classified technical techniques to execute the warrant so
that they don't have to reveal their methods in court.  Could those
methods include something as simple as a backdoor in Windows, or some
kind of hack into Windows?  I don't have any evidence one way or the
other, but it's a reasonable possibility.  These guys are risk averse
and they are on a budget, and sending in a team of armed hackers is
both risky and expensive.
Before you get the shotgun and some string and risk blowing your own
head off, install a real OS.  Do you think the FBI break-in team has
an OpenBSD rootkit?  Not likely!  Then take some simple, non-violent
measures to make your computer a little bit tamper resistant.  It
could be as trivial as a webcam pointing to your computer, storing its
images off-site.  Take a look at
 for a neat program
called motion which runs under Linux and works with plain old cheap
webcams to do exactly this.
My attitude is to think about simple things and think about ways to
de-escalate a conflict as much as possible, so I'm not so enthusiastic
about a shotgun on a string.

@_date: 2002-01-27 05:55:28
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Looking back ten years: Another Cypherpunks failure 
We know that some kind of privacy-enhanced payment system has been one
of the long-time c'punk goals, probably for at least ten years.  We
know that we are probably further away from having that be a reality
than we were ten years ago.  This is excusable; the obstacles are
enormous.  You need a lot of people to use it before it's useful, and
there are all kinds of regulatory problems.  And there are a whole
list of other problems, too.
One of the other c'punk goals was encryption all over the place.
Seems reasonable, right?  This Internet thing was just starting to
take off.  Free open-source OSes like Linux were coming out.
Encryption everywhere was well within reach.
And guess what, that goal was _almost_ achieved, except in two places,
which I am calling the Great Encryption Tabboos (GETs).
GET  is voice encryption over phone lines.  Three years after
Starium started, and ten years after c'punks started, you still can't
buy a digital voice encryption device that has trustable crypto in
it.  This is also excusable because it encounters some of the same
problems that privacy-enhanced payments encounter, namely overcoming
network effects and dealing with regulators.
GET  is disk encryption.  Yes, it sounds so simple, but it is a
Great Tabboo, and this time there are no excuses.  None.  You don't
need any network effects.  Regulators in the US have little they can
do about it.  There are about half a dozen great Open Source OSes to
work on.  And yet there is nothing.
Let me refine my definition of nothing.  Yes, I am well aware of
various kludges like Loopback Crypto on Linux, and CFS and TCFS and
StegFS.  But what about just plain old ext2 FS or ffs?  After all
these years, why is it that Microsoft is shipping OSes with FS crypto
before any of the free OSes are?  As far as I know, there is not a
single distribution of Linux or *BSD that ships with a non-kludge (ie,
non-loopback) encrypted FS.
I'm defining loopback as a kludge.  Unix FSes come with all kinds of
features such as file ownership and modes which don't require loopback
to work.  Encryption isn't any different from those features and it
should also be built in to the FS, not kludged on with a loopback.
Would you think it is a kludge if you read the docs on "chmod" and it
said, "oh, if you want to use chmod you're going to have to create
this loopback fs like this..."
So, is there any hope for having an open source OS ship with a
filesystem with encryption capabilities?

@_date: 2002-01-28 21:02:55
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: I spoke too soon!  (was Re: Crypto Winter (Re: Looking back ten 
I disagree with you on this.  Getting PGP integrated into mailers
was/is critical.  No one is going to use encrypted  mail routinely if
he has to cut and paste and switch to other programs.  I use GPG all
the time with emacs/mailcrypt.  It is a matter of a couple of
keystrokes and an extra couple of seconds and that's it.  It's also
perfectly integrated with Kmail.  That's how it should be.
You do have two excellent points: First, PGP often works poorly with
Eudora or similar things.  These are Windows difficulties.  It's a
shame.  Those programs should come with it built-in and then it would
be easier.  Also, this thing of signatures and web of trust especially
is really pointless.  Those are useful for a few users but for most
users they are confusing and annoying.  It should be possible to use
these programs without those things getting in the way.  Unfortunately
the guys who designed PGP and GPG have little understanding of these
things.  GPG is a wonderful program, but the designer is clueless
about many things.  For instance, he thinks it would lead to security
probelems if it were implemented as a library.  D'ohhh!
Yes, you have claimed (and I believe you) that a few Staria were
available at some point to some people.  However, it is not for sale
now, and even when it was for sale, it was only available to a few
people.  I have been waiting for a couple of years to buy one and I
have never seen a link on the Starium site that says, "click here to
go to a retailer who sells this thing."  I have also talked with their
sales person there a few times over the past year or so, and she never
mentioned that I could buy one.  So some units may have gotten out,
but it still isn't for sale.
YES!!!!  I just read today that disk encryption will be part of the
default installation of Mandrake 8.3 There is quite a lot of interest
in this feature in the Slashdot discussion.  In fact it was the main
feature that people were excited about, in addition to KDE 2.2 and
XF86 4.2.  Hopefully Redhat will look at that and say, "Oh no!  We
need that feature too!"  And then OpenBSD will look at it and say, "Oh
no!  Linux has an encryption feature that we don't have!"  And then
finally we will have a secure, stable OS with disk encryption.  After
years of waiting.  OpenBSD has this thing about "crypto everywhere".
It should be "crypto everywhere, except on the disk".
The war on terrorism and the DMCA together have done a lot to quash
willingness to experiment.  They really do have a chilling effect.
C'punks won't revive.  More than half the posts are from two morons
(ravage and mattd) and there's not a lot of interesting stuff here.
Privacy-enhanced digital payments won't happen until some country
decides to operate it in bold defiance of the US, which won't be for a
long time.  Crypto is here to stay though.

@_date: 2002-02-03 06:58:23
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk agenda succeeding 
Microsoft does support encrypted disks.  They do in Windows XP and I
think they may have had it earlier too.  Who doesn't support encrypted
disk?  The open source guys.  There is only _one_ open source OS that
currently supports encrypted disk in a non-kludge way (loopback FS
counts as a kludge).  That is Mandrake Linux in their 8.2 beta
version.  That's it.  OpenBSD with its "crypto everywhere"?  No, it
should be "crypto everywhere except on the disk."  The upcoming
versions of ResierFS for Linux will support plugable modules which
will allow easier encryption, so eventually it will be availbe for
Linux.  I just wish OpenBSD would get this in there so they could
actually live up to their reputation.

@_date: 2002-02-14 03:22:00
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: ALSA merged into Linux kernel and voice encryption 
The Advanced Linux Sound Architecture (ALSA) has just been merged into
the Linux kernel development breanch.  What does this have to do with
c'punks?  No, this is not a worthless Choatian spam mail.  The reason
why this is exciting is because ALSA supports tons of different sound
chips and has great support for full-duplex sound.  ALSA provides the
tools needed to write an open source version of something like Starium
in a portable, stable way.  With a hardware cost of about half of what
a Starium unit costs, you could create a dedicated-purpose Linux
computer that can do what Starium does, except all the software and
protocol would be open source.  When I have time I need to start
working on using the Speak Freely code on Linux to do something like
this.  ALSA also makes it easier to do things like VoIP.  There are
many possibilities with this.

@_date: 2002-02-19 09:49:53
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted file system for FreeBSD? 
CFS was great when it was written ten years ago.  It's basically dead
code now, and anyway, using NFS to implement something which is as
basic a feature as CRCs, file ownship and mods is not the right way to
do this.  It should just be integrated.
Yes, everywhere except on the disk.  The kernel ships with a great
rock-solid encrypted swap.  It ships with a broken tcfs and a broken
encrypted vnd (loopback) fs.  So you get crypto everywhere, except for
your files.
Linux has it.  Windows has it.  *BSD does not yet.

@_date: 2002-02-17 05:43:42
@_author: "Dr. Evil" 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted file system for FreeBSD? 
OpenBSD can encrypt the swap.  It can't encrypt any other part of the
disk, though.  D'ohh!  "OpenBSD: Crypto everywhere... except for your
