
@_date: 2004-06-23 14:20:31
@_author: "DR.FRED OBINNA" 
@_subject: URGENT/CONFIDENTAIL 
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK OF NIGERIA(A.D.B)
FROM DESK OF :DR.FRED OBINNA
Dear Sir,
STRICTLY A PRIVATE BUSINESS PROPOSAL
I am Dr.Fred Obinna, The manager, Bills and Exchange
at the Foreign Remittance Department of the A.D.B Bank of Nigeria Plc. I am writing this letter to ask for your support and cooperation to carry out this business opportunity in my department. We discovered an
abandoned sum of $15,000,000M US DOLLARS (15 million United States Dollars only) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with
his entire family of a wife and two children in November 2001 in a Plane crash.
Since we heard of his death, we have been expecting
his next-of-kin to come over and put claims for his money as the heir, because we cannot release the fund from his account unless someone applies for claim
as the next-of-kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines.
Unfortunately, neither their family member nor distant relative has ever appeared to claim the said fund. Upon this discovery, I and other officials in my
department have agreed to make business with you and release the total amount into your account  since no one has came for it or discovered he maintained account with our bank, otherwise the fund will be returned to the banks treasury as unclaimed fund.
We have agreed that our ratio of sharing will be as
stated thus;
20 % for you as foreign partner,
75 % for us the officials in my department and
5 % for the settlement of all local and foreign
expences incurred by us and you during the course of
this business.
Upon the successful completion of this transfer, I and
one of my colleagues will come to your country and mind our share. It is from our 75 % we intend to import Agricultural Machineries into my country as a
way of recycling the fund.
To commence this transaction, we require you to
immediately indicate your interest by a return e-mail to(drfred_obinna and enclose your private contact telephone number, fax number full name and address and your designated bank coordinates to enable us file letter of claim to the appropriate departments for necessary approvals before the transfer can be made.
Note also, this transaction must be kept STRICTLY
CONFIDENTIAL because of its nature.
I look forward to receiving your prompt response.
DR.FRED OBINNA.
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK OF NIGERIA(A.D.B).
Private E-Mail(drfred_obinna
