
@_date: 2001-09-30 21:11:16
@_author: Doobee R. Tzeck 
@_subject: Re: new European CDR 
It's not exactly new. See                     dropping all messages with already seen Message-Id
                    dropping all messages with 'X-Loop: cypherpunks
                    adding 'X-Loop: cypherpunks
                    subscribtion list is available to all
                    subscribers and backbone sites. to protect
                    your privacy you should use nntp or nyms for
                    reading and remailer for posting.

@_date: 2001-10-11 13:26:27
@_author: Doobee R. Tzeck 
@_subject: Re: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
Sure, thats why I and others at koeln.ccc.de started just telling
journalists to go away, it works fine for us and saves a lot of
time. Andy Mueller Maguhn can play the Media Bizz game with far
better success, but success for whom?
But I still would be very glad if you as a person probably
understanding the media biz can give a hint what is so
fundamentally wrong about the assumptions in above paragraph.

@_date: 2001-10-11 10:09:19
@_author: Doobee R. Tzeck 
@_subject: Re: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
If Tim is talking about A. Picard (sp?) from Trasfert, Paris his
writngs are quite clueful and he has actually been thinking about
Cryptoarnachy. Perhaps the french interview style is different
then the US one.

@_date: 2001-10-11 10:02:35
@_author: Doobee R. Tzeck 
@_subject: Re: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
I share Tims experience regarding the impact of interviews. I was
doing some presswork for the chaos computer club -
 and found out that especially TV costs you a
hell of time and often thorow away everything substantial or even
the whole interview at all. TV wants to "visualize", but crypto
or hacking can't be visualized in a TV compatible way.
While TV is worest the same is true for 98% of the journalists I
have met: They don't try to understand the komplex things you are
talking about and if they finnally might understand you they
still misquote you. This shouldn't supprise you. This shouldn't
supprise me because journalists are information dealers trying to
get maximum value from minimum effort. Since "trouth" doesn't
really attribute to value of an information they sell, why should
they care about?
The problem is that they are used to people beeing proud to be
interviewed. If you consider an interview as buiseness they are
totally set up. "Sure I can explain tis DDOS thing to you, my
consulting fee is 1000E per day" makes them really angry.
On the other hand talking to journalists may help sometimes to
influence actions of the goverment. E.g. the Chaos Computer Club
got a lot of press coverage in the 80s which lead to involvment
of the hacker community in the law-making process for cybercrime
and to an 'hacking is not a crime per se' legistation which i
consider a good thing.
So between writing code and talking to journalists, what are the
other choices?
