
@_date: 2002-06-29 07:58:41
@_author: Canangium Muncerian 
@_subject: Fakes... 
There is something extremely wrong with every single
person in this world. They seem to be part of a
pointless simulation.
"The Matrix" has portrayed this idea somewhat, yet we
watch it and go back to our daily lives.  Yet in this
very life, underneath the seeming diversity in
people's opinions, values, talents, and interests,
there is something that makes everyone the same.  It
is as though this planet is populated only by mindless
fakes, objects that provide the appearance of
intellect on the surface but are based on only
mechanical reflexes and primitive thought patterns.
I don't really care if anything I say has been said
before, if it was portrayed in movies, in books, or in
the lyrics of some useless song. With 6 billion people
covering the globe at any given time, thousands and
thousands of years of written literature, probability
dictates almost any combination of words has occurred
numerous times. Yet there is clear evidence there was
no action, so those words, just like the people who
spoke them, must have been just more fakes. I am
forced to use this language (also created by the
fakes) because there is no alternative, so everything
I write here could be misunderstood to make me sound
like one of them, but it will be the action that I
take and the dedication that will separate me from
In my estimation the fakes that occupy this planet
don't make up 99%, but more like 99.9999999% of the
population. I know this because I've searched, and in
my search have so far only found one true ally (I have
found him via the internet as well). But even with
those numbers we would not give up because there is no
logic in giving up. The people on this planet are all fakes because the
societies have made them this way. Ideas that populate
people's minds have no logic or purpose. Concepts such
as religion, god, morality, individualism, freedom,
identity, happiness, love and billions of others are
all just memes. Like parasites they infect the minds
and spread from one person to the next. They have no
point or purpose; they exist without any logical basis
or foundation. The fakes are completely controlled by
them, and they will never see beyond them. To not be
controlled by them one must do more then just realize
that they exist. One must resist any ideas that have
no point, endlessly question, and never accept
imperfection or compromise in any answer.
We (myself and my ally) are different though. While we
have had the limitation of existing only in these
societies, something has made it possible for us to
resist being indoctrinated into becoming one of those
fakes. We have no arbitrary wants, needs, desires, or
preferences. If this world continues to exist the way it is then
nothing in it will ever have a point. It will always
be just a product of random evolution, one with no
importance or relevance. The only logical goal is to
dedicate our lives to increasing our numbers, those
that aren't fakes, so that in thousands of years our
numbers may be such that the fakes would no longer be
a threat to progress.
Those that join us must see every other person
occupying this planet as the enemy, and us as their
only allies. Like us they must have dedication only to
taking the most logical action, and to nothing else.
To tell you more about us, we've posted some personal
information about ourselves on a website. You'll also
find past responses to us on that webpage.  Obviously anyone reading this email is most likely
just another fake. Do not simply reply to this email,
if you do your message will almost certainly be
ignored. If you do wish to communicate, first demonstrate your interest by taking the effort to find us online, one of the ways to do that is
described below.
Use a major search engine to search for every combination of any two words from the list below. The order of the words shouldn't matter as long as
you do not search for them in quotes. Also when you
pick the right combination you shouldn't need to
look at more then the first matches.
There is no trick to this and this isn't meant to be
quick, it should, however, be fairly clear if/when you
find the right site. The following search engines were
verified by us, please use any of them as other search
engines may simply not list us correctly: MSN, Lycos, InfoSeek, LookSmart, HotBot, InfoSpace, Google,
Ask.com, AllTheWeb, Teoma, WebCrawler, AltaVista, Yahoo, AOL Search, Netscape Search.
If this can't be solved, or if you never reach us, there should be no reason for you to give up as we will never give up and thus there will always be some way to find us.
Ryan and Jacob
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! - Official partner of 2002 FIFA World Cup
