
@_date: 2004-07-08 11:12:43
@_author: "Eva Acosta" 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?B?JDM1NDk2?= 
I sent you an email a few days ago because you now qualify for a new mortgage.
You could get a $300,000 for as little as $700 a month!
credit is no problem, you can pull cash out or refinance.
Best Regards,
Lisa Thompson
---- system information ----
part cannot services doesn't indicate C: Germany consistent stroke-radical It segments environment another personalization note Simplified
method Each managing instead contribute template various available Another time ... A 20-ton chunk of granite from the Adirondack Mountains in upstate New York will be placed inside the 70-foot deep foundation, launching a five-year construction plan for a 1,776-foot skyscraper that will become an iconic symbol for the New York City skyline."What better day to lay the cornerstone of the Freedom Tower than the day our country declared its independence," said Gov. George Pataki, who has named the building the Freedom Tower."Everyone understands that this is more than a building, more than just a site. It is a symbol of American freedom, and a symbol of our renewal," Pataki said.About 100 family members of September 11 victims will be present for the cornerstone ceremony."It's one more step to this hole not being here. It's one more step to recovery," said Charles Wolf, the husband of a trade center attack victim. "It's not just to show that we're rebuilding, it's important to rebuild."Wolf's wife, Katherine, 40, began working for Marsh and McLennan, on the 97!
th floor of the north tower, just three weeks before it was struck by a 767 jetliner hijacked by al Qaeda terrorists."They may have gotten my wife, but they're not getting the rest of my life, and I think we Americans are saying they're not getting our life either."Some 9/11 families have criticized rebuilding officials for sidestepping historic preservation and the commitment not to rebuild on the acre-wide squares where the twin towers were anchored, known as their "footprints.""We are not opposed to the rebuilding moving forward. We just don't want it to move forward and the physical remains of the footprints to be destroyed in that process," said Anthony Gardner, whose brother Harvey was killed inside the south tower.Opinions vary widely on what standard defines the "tallest building in the world," whether it includes towers or antenna or neither in the measurement of height. Some buildings are tallest in one category and not under a different standard.The Freedom Tower'!
s torqued glass and steel tower includes a 276-foot spire. A !
broadcast antenna will bring the total height above 2,000 feet.
