
@_date: 2004-11-19 17:08:04
@_author: eblocs@100ofrs.com 
@_subject: Spyware Warning 
WARNING: You may have Spyware on your PC!
Have you heard of Spyware and Adware on CNN, Fox, and other news networks?
Spyware tracks ALL of your computer activities
and transmits this information to 3rd parties - WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION!
Spyware tracks the following computer activities:
 - emails you send to friends, co-workers and family
 - credit card purchases and bank account access
 - instant messenger chats
 - every picture you view
 - usernames, logins and passwords
 - every keystroke you type
 - all sites you visit (including adult sites, bank sites, etc.)
To find out if your PC is infected with spyware - for FREE
download our FREE Scanner - Click on the link below
 This is a commercial advertisement which you have received because you have registered to receive special offers and promotions through one of our affiliate networks.
To be removed from future mailings please go to the unsubscribe link or send postal mail to the following corporate address:
3940 Laurel Canyon Blvd., Studio City, CA 91604
If you would like to stop receiving our mailings, please click:
Report this email as unsolicited:  Did You Forget to Scan Your PC?
    Spyware Warning:
Spyware is software that collects personal information without your knowledge or permission. You might be the target of spyware or other unwanted software if you download music from file-sharing programs, play online games, visit unknown websites or download unknown files from the web.  You may also be exposed to Spyware if you use the internet more than 4 to 5 hours per week.
If you see frequent pop-ups or experience slow PC speeds - you may have spyware on your PC.
Microsoft suggests that you install Service Pack 2 in order to improve PC performance and reduce future risks.  Be advised that Service Pack 2 will not prevent Spyware from being installed on your PC.
To find out if your PC is infected with Spyware.  Click on the link below.  The scan for Spyware is free.
Download Free Scan
If you would like to stop receiving our mailings, please click this link. Report this email as unsolicited.
This is a commercial advertisement which you have received because you have registered to receive special notices through one of our affiliate networks.  To stop receiving future mailings please go to the link below or send postal mail to the following corporate address:
3940 Laurel Canyon Blvd., Studio City, CA 91604
