
@_date: 2003-10-25 22:03:35
@_author: Eddy  Bongo 
@_subject: Mutual Relationship/Benefit 
FROM: LT.COL.EDDY BONGO (Rtd)
PLOT 104 FATAI CLOSE VICTORIA ISLAND
LAGOS NIGERIA
TEL: 234-803-334-7417
Fax: 234-1-759-4979
                  RE: REQUEST FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE/JOINT VENTURE
ATTN: CEO/PRESIDENT
I should appreciate your surprise while receiving this
letter. In any case, I am left with no option but to
contact you in this manner. I got your contact
courtesy of your country's trade directory here in
Nigeria. My decision to write to you was informed by
knowledge that being established personality you could
be disposed to understand my predicament in order to
give me the assistance I require.
My name is Lt. Col Eddy Bongo (Rtd). the former
adviser to PRESIDENT CHARLES TAYLOR the former
president of Liberia. The chairman and leader of the
revolutionary united front (R.U.F). This front was
founded at the height of the civil war currently in my
country the republic of Liberia. The then president of
Liberia (Mr. Charles Taylor) mandated and instructed
me to create and equip fully, strong military corps to
defend the ruling government that was continually
attacked by the rebel military forces. Nonetheless,
this exercise was backed up with the sum of
USD$32million dollars for the purchase of arms and
ammunition for the government military corp. to fight
the rebels from the republic of North Korea. The above
sum set aside for the purchase of arms, was realized
from the sales of my country's diamond, which I was in
control of. This fund was moved to Nigeria via
diplomatic courier in support of the military corps in
one metal boxes and which I personally supervised. We
have concluded arrangement with the Armscor of North
Korea and made full payment of USD$17million dollars.
The balance of USD$15million was held by me having the
intention of making arrangement to transfer the fund
out of Africa for personal use. However, the
arrangement was being made for us to go back to
Liberia when the ECOMIL and the AMERICAN allied forces
must have captured the rebels and normalcy restored in
Liberia, but as it is now I believe that it will be
more important I occupy myself with the plans on how
to claim this fund from the security company and
subsequently invest it. I made an arrangement with my
other colleagues to secure the fund for our own
personal use, as it was a golden opportunity. However,
they could not live to see this actualized as the
rebels killed them before Charles Taylor was mandated
to go on asylum in Nigeria on the 11th August 2003.
This money is presently in deposit with a private
Security Company here in Nigeria under a special
arrangement though, we deposited it as precious stone
and personal effects in this manner, no body have the
idea of the actual content of the box. This has to be
very confidential on both our sides. I seek your
assistance to join us in this effort to transfer this
fund out of Africa for investment purposes, as I
cannot go back to Liberia now. I am currently an
asylum seeker in Nigeria with the Former President
thus, am prohibited by my present statues to operate a
foreign currency account or transfer fund out of
Nigerian monetary area hence, your assistance is
highly solicited to stand as the beneficiary. Feel
free to contact me on the above Email i.d or fax number for more
confidentiality, as I do not want this information to
be disposed until we reach our goal. As soon as I hear
from you, I will be in a position to give you more
information about this transaction and myself. Thanking you for your anticipated co-operation.
Yours sincerely,
Lt. Col Eddy  Bongo (RTD).
