
@_date: 2002-09-10 00:50:23
@_author: "MR.EDWARD MUNENE" 
@_subject: PLEA FOR ASSISTANCE. 
Dear Sir,
RE: PLEA FOR ASSISTANCE.
My name is EDWARD MUNENE, Son of DR.ROBERT MUNENE, who
recently murdered in the land dispute crises in
My father and I used to live in a town called Chinhoyi
located in the heart of Murambinda, about 120km
from  Harare, the capital city of Zimbabwe.  Chinhoyi
was largely a peaceful farming area where one can own
land and cultivate it if one worked hard enough. The
relative peace existing in Chinhoyi and their lives
were shattered with the beginning of the “Ruling Party
sponsored Land Invasion” by war veterans who were
working with the backing of Mugabe’s government. My
late father was among the few black Zimbabwean rich
farmers murdered in cold blood by the agents of the
ruling government of President Robert Mugabe, for his
alleged support and sympathy for the Zimbabwean
opposition Party, ”Movement  For Democratic Change”
(MDC), controlled by the white before his death, my
father on one of his many trips abroad took me to
Johannesburg with the sum of USD50.5million(Fifty
Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars),
as if he foresaw the looming danger.
On arrival in South Africa, as we had originally
intended using the money for purpose of investment, he
bought a very vast piece of land, for a very cheap
rate within the countryside. not long after he bought
the land, the South African Mining Corporation, based
on professional advice by their Geologists, offered a
whooping amount of money for outright purchase of the
land from us, But base on an inside information, they
settled for a Lease Agreement with the South African
Mining Corporation. The Lease Agreement has come into
Maturity, where in it was indicated that my father was
acting on behalf of a foreign investment group. This
area of the arrangement was left blank, as it was only
to be needed at time of maturity of this investment
(now). For now however, the total amount redeemable is
USD19.5million (Nineteen Million, Five Hundred
Thousand Dollars). Though, prior to the death of my
father, no foreign investment group had gone into
arrangement with them to be presented as the real
owners of the investment. Death as you know was quite
I am currently residing in South Africa as an asylum
seeker, hence my desire to transfer my inheritance
through the help of a reliable foreigner, to a foreign
bank account. I am actually saddled with the
responsibility of seeking an honest individual with
vast experience in business to help me safeguard and
invest this money. Moreover the financial laws of the
Republic of South Africa do not allow asylum seekers
certain financial rights. In view of the above,
coupled with the way the money has been acquired it is
most prudent to receive the funds anywhere else but
South Africa. You will thus understand that my entire
life and that of our family depends on the investment,
and as such for appreciation for the help which anyone
may render me. I am willing to pay something as
remuneration, which is subject to further discussion.
send me a mail via e-mail to : ed_mune
As I wait to hear from you, my warm regards go to you
and your family.
Best Regards,
MR.EDWARD MUNENE
