
@_date: unknown_date
@_author: ODS 
@_subject: subscribe 
MPs from the Civic Democratic Party (ODS) and the Green Party (SZ) who
signed it in March 2010.
The Constitutional Court decision criticizes the Czech transposition of the
Data Retention Directive. The Czech legislation requires the retaining of a
larger number of data than the directive demands, where the use of data is
not limited to investigating terrorism and serious organised crime. There
was a lack of the principle of subsidiarity in the legislation related to
eavesdropping, although these data are equally sensitive. This has led to a
large number of requests for such data by the police. The national
legislation lacked, according to the constitutional court, clear and
detailed rules for the protection of personal data as well as the obligation
to inform the person whose data has been requested.
The court said that EU law was not part of the constitution of the Czech
Republic and that the directive could therefore not be reviewed by the
Constitutional Court. According to the court decision, the content of the
Data Retention Directive gives the Czech Republic sufficient space for
its constitutionally conformal transposition. However, the Constitutional
Court has doubts about the necessity and proportionality of the data
retention principle in the obiter dictum paragraphs (p. 55-57). The court
doubted whether the blanket monitoring of the communications of all citizens
in terms of intensity of intervention into the private sphere is necessary
and appropriate. The court also doubted the effectiveness of the use of the
retained data in combating crime, particularly with reference to the
possibility of anonymising communications. The police statistics show that
despite a significant increase in the number of requests for traffic and
location data, this did not translate into a proportional number of
committed and solved crimes.
The Constitutional Court also regards certain provisions of the
Criminal Act concerning the use of such data by authorities engaged in
criminal proceeding as highly questionable and it called on MPs to consider
its modification. According to the Court, it will be necessary to consider
each individual case in which data have already been requested in order to
be used in criminal proceedings, with respect to the principle of
proportionality regarding privacy rights infringement.
Text of the complaint (only in Czech)
Text of the court decision (only in Czech) - to be translated in English in
the next 2 weeks
Constitutional Court: Spying on Communication Declared Unconstitutional
Constitutional Court invalidates telecommunications data retention
law (1.04.2011)
Czech Republic: Constitutional Court Overturns Parts of Data Retention Law
(Contribution by Jan Voboril - EDRi-member IuRe - Czech Republic)
2. EDRi responds to IPR Enforcement consultation
European Digital Rights has submitted on 31 March 2011 its response to the
European Commission's consultation on the implementation of the IPR
Enforcement Directive.
The response examines the claims made by the Commission, the evidence (or
lack thereof) for its assumptions and the lessons that it draws and fails to
draw from the experience of European citizens with the implementation of the
Directive. The first section of the response deals with the overall approach
of the Commission and its reaction to what it calls "ubiquitous"
unauthorised filesharing online. EDRi questions whether many of the
assumptions regarding the "cost" of such filesharing are correct,
particularly with a growing body of research indicating that the impact is
either zero or close to zero.
This leads on to a more fundamental question of the legitimacy of current
copyright legislation. If breaches really are "ubiquitous," is a response
which is mainly or wholly based on repression either proportionate or
effective? With equally ubiquitous problems concerning the cost, the format
and the availability of audiovisual material, would it not be better to
properly service the market rather enforce respect for a broken market?
With regard to criminal law and unauthorised access to audiovisual content,
EDRi argues that the Commission's current approach of treating
"counterfeiting and piracy" as one phenomenon, as if the causes and
solutions for counterfeit medication are the same as for private music
downloading, is simply wrong. Indeed, worst than that, treating both as the
same can only result in either counterfeit drugs being subject to unduly
weak countermeasures or unauthorised access to audiovisual material being
treated disproportionally harshly.
The response pays particular attention to the vague and dangerous assertion
that the fundamental right to privacy can somehow be re-balanced against the
right, included in the Charter of Fundamental Rights, to property. The
response points out that a balance between rights can never be done in the
abstract, rendering the whole approach by the Commission meaningless. It
goes on to point to the UNESCO Convention on Protection and Promotion of the
Diversity of Cultural Expressions (which the EU collectively and almost all
Member States individually have signed up to), which, in article 2, explains
that cultural diversity can be protected and promoted only if human rights
and fundamental freedoms, such as freedom of expression, information and
communication, as well as the ability of individuals to choose cultural
expressions, are guaranteed."
In its report, the Commission also subtly mentions that "it could be useful
to clarify that injunctions should not depend on the liability of the
intermediary". What this means in practice is that courts could ignore the
provisions of the E-Commerce Directive on "mere conduit" (regarding access
to illegal material) and on the imposition of a "general obligation to
monitor". The Commission's view - and the view that it has given to the
European Court of Justice in the Scarlet/Sabam case - is that national
courts may (and should) impose monitoring, blocking and filtering
obligations on Internet service providers and that the E-Commerce Directive
should not prevent them from doing this. The Commission's analysis fails to
acknowledge, let alone address, how this would be compatible with the
European Charter of Fundamental Rights - the same Charter that it so eagerly
uses to defend the weakening of the fundamental right to privacy.
The EDRi response concludes by listing a set of issues to be addressed in
any impact assessment used to justify a re-opening and extension of the IPR
Enforcement Directive.
EDRi response to IPRED Consultation (31.03.2011)
Report on the enforcement of intellectual property rights (COM(2010) 779)
Analysis of the application of Directive 2004/48/EC on the enforcement of
intellectual property rights in the Member States (SEC(2010) 1589)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
3. EDPS criticizes the EU PNR scheme
Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) issued on 25
March 2011 his opinion on the European Commission's proposal to oblige
airline carriers to provide EU Member States with personal data (PNR) on
passengers entering or leaving the EU space, with the declared purpose to
fight serious crime and terrorism.
On 2 February 2011, the European Commission made a new proposal for a PNR
Directive, to extend the passenger-tracking systems already in use in the UK
and US to all flights to and from the EU. PNR data may include personal
information such as home addresses, email addresses, mobile phone numbers,
frequent flyer information, and even credit card information.
In the EDPS' opinion, although the new proposal is an improved version as
compared to the previous document released in 2007, particularly due to the
addition of data protection safeguards, the restriction of the proposal's
scope and the conditions for PNR data processing under EU data protection
law, it is still unjustified.
The EDPS draws attention to the fact that the Proposal does not meet
"the essential prerequisite to any development of a PNR scheme - i.e.
compliance with necessity and proportionality principles".
The EDPS emphasizes that the need to collect or store massive amounts of
personal data must be substantiated by a clear demonstration of the
relationship between use and result (necessity principle). Hustinx believes
the proposal and the accompanying Impact Assessment fail to demonstrate the
necessity and the proportionality of a large collection of PNR data for the
purpose of the systematic assessment of all passengers.
The EDPS raises concerns related to the use of PNR data "in a systematic
and indiscriminate way" and believes that the only measure compliant with
data protection requirements would be the use of PNR data on cases when
there is a serious threat established by concrete indicators on a
case-by-case basis.
Hustinx makes a series of recommendations, among which a further limitation
of the proposal's scope that would exclude minor crimes and the possibility
for Member States to extend its reach. He also questions the
inclusion of serious crimes which have no relation to terrorism.
One recommendation is the limitation of the data retention period to 30
days, except for cases which require further investigation. The data
should be retained in an identifiable form.
The EDPS recommends a higher standard of safeguards, especially in relation
to the data subjects' rights and transfers to third countries.
While welcoming the fact that sensitive data were not included in the list
of data to be collected, the EDPS still considers the list to be too
extensive and recommends its further reduction in agreement with
the recommendations of the Article 29 Working Party and the EDPS.
Hustinx says that an assessment of the EU PNR system "should be based on
comprehensive data, including the number of persons effectively convicted -
and not only prosecuted - on the basis of the processing of their data." He
also recommends the assessment of the system "in a broader perspective
including the ongoing general evaluation of all EU instruments in the field
of information exchange management launched by the Commission in January
2010. In particular, the results of the current work on the European
Information Exchange Model expected for 2012 should be taken into
consideration in the assessment of the need for an EU PNR scheme."
Meanwhile, the UK Home Office has expressed concern over the delay of the
draft PNR Directive and has shown its support for the extension of any
passenger-tracking system to flights between EU countries as well as those
outside EU territory. The House of Lords has recently urged the
Government to opt in to the proposal, ensuring its change to include all
international flights.
EU Passenger Name Record: proposed system fails to meet necessity
requirement, says EDPS (28.03.2011)
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the Proposal for a
Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the use of
Passenger Name Record data for the prevention, detection, investigation and
prosecution of terrorist offences and serious crime (25.03.2011)
PNR should be deleted after 30 days, says EU privacy watchdog (1.04.2011)
EDRi-gram: Commission's proposal for PNR Directive fails to impress MEPs
4. Ten Internet Rights & Principles for Human Rights and Social Justice
The Internet Rights and Principles Dynamic Coalition (DC-IRP) launched on 31
March 2011 its "10 Internet Rights and Principles" for an Internet
governance rooted in human rights and social justice.
These 10 Internet Rights and Principles are part of a global initiative
undertaken in the framework of the UN Internet Governance Forum (IGF), by
the DC-IRP to develop a comprehensive Charter of Human Rights and Principles
for the Internet. In addition to the 10 Internet Rights and Principles, the
Charter is built into two sections. The first interprets human rights and
defines principles that stem from these rights for the purposes and concerns
of the information society. The second section addresses the roles that
different actors and stakeholders should play in order to uphold these
rights and principles.
This Charter is not an attempt to create new rights, but to reinterpret and
explain universal human rights standards in a new context - the Internet.
The Charter re-emphasizes that human rights apply online as they do offline:
human rights standards, as defined in international law, are non-negotiable.
The Charter also identifies principles, deriving from human rights, which
are necessary to preserve the Internet as a medium for civil, political,
economic, social and cultural development. It describes the responsibilities
that states have in relation to the Internet as well as the part that all
individuals and society organs have to play, considering that the Internet
is, through its design, a trans-boundary multi-stakeholder environment where
no single entity has control.
In this context, the 10 Internet Rights and Principles outline the core
demands in order to defend and expand the Internet as a space which is
empowering, open and accessible to all. To this end, they identify the main
requirements that should be met in the online environment, with regards to:
universality and equality; rights and social justice; accessibility;
expression and association; privacy and data protection; life, liberty and
security; diversity; network equality; standards and regulation; and
Governance. Such guidelines for policy and practice are much needed at a
time where human rights and social justice are under a double threat on the
Internet, from governments (both authoritarian and democratic) who seek to
control it, and from businesses who seek to monetise it.
The 10 Internet Rights and Principles were launched at the second expert
meeting on "Freedom of Expression and the Internet" in Stockholm, convened
on 30-31 March 2011 by the Swedish Ministry for Foreign Affairs. The UN
Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Opinion and Expression and the OSCE
Representative on Freedom of the Media, who attended this launching event,
welcomed this initiative.
The DC-IRP is an international multi-stakeholder network of people and
organisations - among them a number of EDRi members and observers - who are
working to uphold human rights on and through the Internet. Its Charter is
currently released as a beta version, and the Coalition welcomes comments
and contributions on its website. The 10 Internet Rights and Principles
derive from the Charter, distilling it down into 10 core demands. They are
already available in more than 15 languages, with further translations still
DC-IRP main website with the 10 Internet Rights and Principles
DC-IRP website dedicated to its Charter
Second Expert Meeting on Human Rights and the Internet Stockholm
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRi-member IRIS - France)
5. Judicial Review of the Digital Economy Act
In July 2010 UK ISPs TalkTalk and BT filed papers seeking a Judicial Review
(JR) of the Digital Economy Act, and were then granted a hearing. In the UK,
JRs are rare. They can be brought when there is concern that a UK law
contradicts over-riding legislation (e.g. European law). They sought the
Review on four grounds: that the UK government didn't notify the EU as
required under the Technical Standards Directive; that the Act does not
comply with e-privacy laws; that the Act does not comply with e-commerce
legislation; and that the Act has a "disproportionate" effect on ISPs,
businesses and the public. More recently a fifth ground was added, related
to the Costs Sharing Order and its consistency with the "Authorisation
The hearing began on 23 March and finished on 28 March 2011.
The Claimants BT and TalkTalk were joined by Consumer Focus
and Article 19, who submitted evidence of the "chilling effect" of the
DEAct. EDRi-member Open Rights Group submitted evidence as a "friend of the
court", covering primarily the effect on public Wi-Fi provision, the privacy
questions, and the weaknesses of IP evidence. As well as legal submissions
from Francis Davey, we submitted a witness statement from Jim Killock and an
expert report on the technical questions behind a reliance on IP address
evidence from Richard Clayton.
The primary Defendant is the Secretary of State for Business, Skills and
Industry (ie the Minister in charge of the department that was responsible
for the Bill / Act the time of passing). They were joined by the BPI, the
British Video Association Limited, Broadcasting Entertainment Cinematograph
and Theatre Union, Equity, Film Distributors' Association, the Premier
League, the MPA, The Musicians Union, Producers Alliance for Cinema and
Television, and Unit.
A full daily summary of the JR hearing is up on our blog. There seemed (to
this not-legally-trained observer) to be two key points and one interesting
observation. First, that the Defence spent a long time arguing that the
substantive powers to which the grounds of the JR should apply are not
contained in the Act and will be in the yet-to-be-published final 'Initial
Obligations Code'. A key question for the Judge is the extent to which
the Act determines the important substantive details concerning the
obligations on ISPs and consumers, which would make it possible for the
Judge to decide on whether the Act as it stands with or without the IOC is
in breach of EU law - or whether in fact it is the IOC that will in effect
enact substantive powers.
Second, the judge was very careful in his assessment of the nature of the
"proportionality" test he was being asked to consider, and the extent to
which he was being asked to make a judgement on the policy judgements that
Parliament have made. He seemed to be reluctant to be drawn into a judgement
on the accuracy or wisdom of a public policy assessment.
One interesting point is that many of the arguments that policy wonks
might think are most important, for example concerning how robust the
evidence used to justify the Act is, or the likely benefits of the Act, were
seemingly some of the least important in legal terms.
It is very hard indeed to guess which way the Judge will fall. He listened
carefully to all arguments. The Judge said that he'll take his time to
consider the submissions; we expect (speculation) that this means 6 to 8
weeks from the end of the hearing.
Judicial review of the Digital Economy Act (8.07.2010)
Digital Economy Act 2010 to Face Judicial Review (9.12.2010)
Submission to the Judicial Review of the Digital Economy Act (1.02.2011)
DEA Judicial Review - Day 1 (23.03.2011)
(Contribution by Peter Bradwell - EDRi-member Open Rights Group - UK)
6. German Internet blocking law to be withdrawn
On 5 April 2011, Germany's governing conservative and liberal
parties agreed in a coalition committee meeting that the disputed law on
Internet blocking of child abuse material (Zugangserschwerungsgesetz,
ZugErschwG, "Access Impediment Act") will be dropped.
The law had been enacted by the previous parliament in June 2009, but it had
never been fully implemented after the newly elected coalition decided to
only use the law's provisions for take-down, not those for blocking. After a
one-year "trial period", the new consensus seems to be that the law will be
withdrawn through a new act of the Parliament.
There is speculation that the decision could be part of a wider "package
deal" that might see Germany's data retention revived after the German
Constitutional Court had declared the previous data retention law partly
unconstitutional, but this was denied by speakers for Germany's liberal
party, FDP. German digital rights groups welcomed the decision on the
blocking law, but they will be watching how it is implemented in detail.
Last EDRi-gram article on Germany's Internet blocking law, reporting on
the law's history and a pending constitutional challenge that would be
rendered obsolete if the law is now withdrawn (23.02.2011)
EDRi-gram on the ruling against Germany's data retention law (10.03.2010)
(Contribution by Sebastian Lisken, EDRI member FoeBuD)
7. 80 NGOs ask CoE to investigate government collection of biometrics
An international alliance of organisations, including EDRi and several
EDRi-members, and individuals from 27 countries has lodged a petition
calling on the Council of Europe to start an in-depth survey on the
collection and storage of biometric data by member states.
European governments are increasingly demanding the storage of biometric
data (fingerprints and facial scans) from individuals. These include storage
on contactless "RFID" chips in passports and/or ID cards. Some are going
even further by implementing database storage e.g. France, Lithuania and the
The alliance of more than 80 signatories has asked Secretary General
Thorbjxrn Jagland of the Council of Europe to urgently request the countries
involved to explain under Article 52 ECHR whether their national law on this
subject is in line with the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) and
rulings of the European Court of Human Rights.
In the petition to Strasbourg the alliance states: "It is vital to obtain an
overview of the current 'patchwork' of different national laws that regulate
this sensitive and important subject. An in-depth survey has to be conducted
on whether the human rights guarantees and conditions of necessity
(proportionality, subsidiarity and safety guarantees) set by the Convention
are indeed upheld."
These rights include the protection of human treatment (Article 3 ECHR),
safety (Article 5), a fair trial (the privilege against self-incrimination
and presumption of innocence) (Article 6), physical integrity and family and
private life (Article 8), effective national legal remedies (Article 13),
non-discrimination (Article 14) and the right to leave your country (Article
2 Protocol 4).
"Article 52 clearly designates the Secretary General of the Council of
Europe as the guardian of the fundamental rights placed at risk by this
practice. We would like to emphasize that national biometric registration
legislation (often in combination with other laws) should not 'lead to
destroying democracy on the ground of defending it'", the alliance warns.
"In a democratic society the collection of the biometrics of an entire
population is a disproportionate and for other reasons unnecessary
interference with the right to privacy and other rights like the presumption
of innocence, protected by the Convention. Because of these concerns the
United Kingdom Government recently abandoned the policy of collecting
fingerprints of citizens. Yet most countries are keen to fingerprint groups
and populations of people who have committed no crime, thus increasing the
chances of identity fraud", says Simon Davies of Privacy International,
which co-ordinated the online petition initiative.
The signatories include, amongst others, digital, civil and human rights
defenders, media, legal and medical organisations, academia, politicians and
personal victims without a passport because of objections involving the
biometric storage.
The press release in other languages: Dutch, French, German, Spanish,
Lithuanian and Slovak - for immediate publication (see bottom of the page)
Text of petition (with the list of signatories) (31.03.2011)
EDRi-gram: Final call for petition on government use of citizens' biometrics
Highlights of the petition (6.03.2011)
(Thanks to Robin Caron from the Alliance)
8. RFID Privacy Impact Assessment Framework formally adopted
The Privacy Impact Assessment Framework for RFID applications (RFID PIA) was
officially signed by European Commission Vice President Neelie Kroes,
representatives of the RFID industry, the chairman of the Article 29 Working
Party, Jacob Kohnstamm, and the Executive Director of the European Network
and Information Security Agency (ENISA), Udo Helmbrecht. The ceremony took
place today, 6 April 2011, in the European Commission's Berlaymont building
in Brussels.
In its 2009 recommendation on the implementation of privacy and data
protection principles in RFID applications, the European Commission
suggested that the RFID industry should develop a framework for RFID privacy
and data protection impact assessments. In the months following this
recommendation a first draft PIA framework was developed by an informal
working group of industry representatives to which EDRi and other
stakeholders were also invited to contribute their views.
This first draft RFID PIA framework was submitted for endorsement to the
Article 29 Working Party, which did not endorse the framework but published
on 13 July 2010 in its working paper no. 175 a request for improvements.
Further improvements were suggested by ENISA in July 2010.
In January 2011 a revised PIA Framework was submitted to the Article 29
Working Party, which formally endorsed it by publishing the framework as
an annex to its working paper no.180 on 11.02.2011.
In EDRi's opinion the RFID PIA Framework, that was formally signed today,
properly follows a risk assessment methodology, which addresses the data
protection targets defined in the European data protection legal framework
and provides therefore a sound basis for a meaningful assessment of data
protection risks for RFID applications.
The RFID PIA Framework is an important milestone on the way to the
implementation of privacy friendly RFID applications. Now it is important
that industry quickly but thoroughly implements the PIA in practice.
Today's formal signing ceremony took place before the background of the
German Big Brother Awards, which were presented in Bielefeld only a few days
earlier. One of the unpopular awards was given to the European Fashion Label
Peuterey for violating the data protection rights of their customers by
secretly tagging their fashion products with RFID chips.
The next twelve months will show how the new RFID PIA Framework is
received by industry, as the European Commission is expected to present its
report on the implementation of the RFID recommendation, its effectiveness
and its impact on operators and consumers in May 2012.
EDRi sincerely hopes that today's important milestone will be followed by a
number of serious implementation efforts and that last week's German Big
Brother Award was the last one in Europe that will be awarded to a RFID
Commission Recommendation on the implementation of privacy and
data protection principles in applications supported by radio-frequency
identification (12.05.2009)
EDRi-gram 7.10: EU supports RFID with proper protection of consumers'
privacy (20.05.2009)
Article 29 Working Party: Opinion 5/2010 on the Industry Proposal for a
Privacy and Data Protection Impact Assessment Framework for RFID
ENISA Opinion on the Industry Proposal for a Privacy and Data Protection
Impact Assessment Framework for RFID Applications (31.03.2010)
EDRi-gram 8.15: ENDitorial: Industry RFID PIA: not endorsed in its current
form (28.07.2010)
Article 29 Working Party: Opinion 9/2011 on the revised Industry Proposal
for a Privacy and Data Protection Impact Assessment Framework for RFID
Annex: Privacy and Data Protection Impact Assessment Framework for RFID
(contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
9. Website blocking and suspension discussions in the UK
UK Minister Ed Vaizey is involved in discussions for private blocking
schemes to prevent access to copyright infringing websites. This follows the
delays in implementing the Digital Economy Act. It is believed by the
EDRi-member Open Rights Group and others that music and film lobby groups
are pushing for private measures that would avoid the need for legaislation
and potentially human rights considerations such as due process and freedom
of expression.
Nominet, the .uk registry is also engaging a wide range of bodies to create
procedures for suspension of domains believed to be involved in criminal
activity. Over the last two years, they have been suspending domains on
request from the police, with appeals procedure but no examination of the
legal and human rights implications. The consultation therefore presents a
step forward in creating transparency but also a longer term danger, as
registry suspensions could be abused as a short cut for law enforcement
Silence from the website blocking Working Group (5.04.2011)
Nominet talks about domain suspensions (5.04.2011)
(Contribution by Jim Killock - EDRi-member Open Rights Group - UK)
10. Big Brother Awards Germany 2011
The eleventh German Big Brother Awards were bestowed on Friday 1 April
2011 in Bielefeld, Germany. Organized by EDRi member FoeBuD, the
ceremony featured eight negative awards in various categories.
In the "Communication" category, Facebook was one winner for
"systematically poking its nose into people and their relationships,
behind the friendly fagade of an ostensibly free service". In the awards
speech, Facebook was described as a "gated community" on the Internet,
comparing it, in several aspects, to the closed housing estates found in
an increasing number of places across the world.
Another "Communication" award went to Apple for virtually "blackmailing"
its customers into accepting a dubious privacy policy as part of a terms
and conditions document that, when displayed on the iPhone, takes up 117
pages. Consent to the privacy conditions should be voluntary, according
to Germany's data protection law, but without consent, the iPhone's
functions are reduced to telephony. With consent, Apple and partners
receive excessive amounts of data, including the device's location.
One winner in the "Workplace" category was German car maker Daimler, one
of several employers that demand blood tests from their employees, which,
in most cases, was not required by industrial law - in the words of the
award speech, a form of modern-day vampirism.
Another "Workplace" award went to the German Customs authority, for
promoting a certification named "Authorized Economic Operator" (AEO) to
companies with international business relationships. The certification
involves checking each employee against EU or US anti-terror lists. This
use of personal data has no legal foundation, meaning that German
Customs encourage companies to use their employees' personal data in an
illegal way.
In the "Technology" category, the fashion brand Peuterey was cited for
introducing RFID in clothing, not as theft-prevention attachments but
sewn into jackets under a label saying "do not remove this label".
The "Consumer Protection" award went to a publishing house called
"Knowledge and Information" (Verlag f|r Wissen und Information) that
doesn't actually produce and trade its own books but asks schools to
distribute book coupons which can only be redeemed if names and
addresses of the pupil and at least one parent are supplied. A blogger's
investigation uncovered that the "publisher's"s business model was mainly
a partnership with financial investment advisers and with a manufacturer
of vitamin pills. Those that accepted and used the coupons were offered a
telephone "interview" on the subject of "learning, health, and future".
One award was actually collected by its winner (only the third time that
this has happened in eleven years): Gert Wagner, head of the "census
commission" that promotes this year's German census, defended the
project against the accusation that it collects excessive and dangerous
amounts of data, with too little information and without legal recourse.
Mr Wagner's courage was appreciated, but when he attempted to put down
his critics as "living in a parallel universe" and stressed that the
census was justified by the mere fact that it had proper legal
foundation, it did not win him many friends in the audience.
The winner in the "Politics" category was the Interior Minister in the
state of Lower Saxony, Uwe Sch|nemann, for the first known use of a
police drone for clandestine monitoring of a public gathering during
protests against a nuclear waste transport to Germany's main storage
facility at Gorleben in the Wendland region.
The audience award for the most "impressive, surprising, shocking, or
outrageous" winner went to Facebook, on just over a third of the votes.
Nominations for the next Big Brother Awards are open until the end of
this year.
BigBrotherAwards Germany 2011 (1.04.2011)
(Contribution by Sebastian Lisken - EDRi-member FoeBuD)
11. Privatised online enforcement series:
B. Is "self-regulation" worse than useless?
Much of the policy with regard to "self-regulation" in the context of
illegal online content is developed on the basis that anything that industry
can do to help fight crime is automatically a good thing. The assumption is
that, however distasteful it is that private companies should be regulating
and enforcing the law in the online world, it is better that "somebody" is
doing "something". The reality is, however, very different.
The first area where Internet intermediaries started enforcing the law is in
relation to child abuse images. The European Commission funds "hotlines" to
receive reports of child abuse images and these send reports to law
enforcement authorities and Internet hosting providers and, sometimes,
Internet access providers. Law enforcement authorities are supposed to play
their role in investigation and prosecution, while Internet providers are
supposed to play their role, in diligently and within the rule of law,
removing content that has been shown to be illegal and supporting collection
of evidence by law enforcement authorities.
At a recent meeting of the European Commission "dialogue" on dissemination
of illegal content within the European Union", the Safer Internet Unit of
the Commission gave a different and more worrying analysis. A representative
explained that many EU police forces did not prioritise online child abuse
and even if it was on the priority list in some countries, it was at the
bottom. The proposal was made, therefore, that hotlines should send reports
directly to Internet hosting providers to delete the websites. The fact that
this would facilitate and propagate the alleged inaction of the police
appears not to be a consideration.
This approach is confirmed by the European Commission's guidelines for
co-funded hotlines on notice and takedown (that are, unsurprisingly, not
publicly available), which suggest that agreements should be signed between
the hotlines and the police. These guidelines suggest that "the agreement
should preferably stipulate a deadline for the police to react after which
the hotline would proceed with giving notice". In other words, law
enforcement authorities would be assured that, if they remained wholly
inactive for an agreed period, the evidence of their failure to address
serious crimes would be diligently hidden by the hotlines, in cooperation
with well-meaning "industry self-regulation".
This is, unfortunately, far from the only example. As mentioned above,
hotlines also contact Internet access providers. In some countries, these
take it upon themselves to undertake technically limited "blocking" against
sites identified as being illegal. In Sweden, for example, ISPs "block"
sites and receive an updated list from the police every two weeks. The
pointlessness of this whole process is shown by the fact that, while the
lists are updated every 14 days, the British hotline, the IWF, has produced
statistics showing that the average length of time the sites remain online
is only twelve days. In other words, on average, there are no functioning
sites at all on the "blocking" list one day out of every seven.
Unfortunately, this activity is not just useless, it is worse than useless.
In a speech given to the German Parliament, a Danish police official
explained that, having "blocked" the websites domestically, the police in
that country do not see any point in communicating evidence of serious
crimes against children to the police forces in the United States and
Russia, because they probably wouldn't be interested. It is difficult to
imagine another crime which would be treated in such a trivial way.
Reports from the European Commission are that there will be a major push to
increase the "safer internet" budget, which is currently being reviewed. As
yet, there are no signs that any lessons are being learned regarding the
failures of "self-regulation" under the current programme.
Internet Watch Foundation Annual Report 2010
EDRi-gram: Dialogue on illegal online content (28.06.2010)
Child abuse is difficult to stop on the web (only in Swedish, 29.09.2010)
Danish police statement
Privatised Online Enforcement Series
A. Abandonment of the rule of law (23.03.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
12.ENDitorial: Data retention: Is the EC trying to dig itself out of a hole?
The Data Retention Directive was adopted in 2006 in very controversial
circumstances. Article 15 of the Directive placed a clear obligation on the
European Commission (EC), to submit "no later than 15 September 2010" a
report on the evaluation of the Directive and its impact on economic
operators and consumers". Today is the 203rd day since that evaluation
report was due to be published. This raises the obvious question - why has
the Commission, as "guardian of the treaties" failed to respect its legal
obligation and when will it finally comply?
The main reason for the delay is that some crucial mistakes were made at the
beginning of the review process. Firstly, the Commission failed to recognise
that, under the Charter on Fundamental Rights, the Directive is only legal
if it is both "necessary and genuinely meet(s) objectives of general
interest." Its second mistake was to reach its conclusion ("data retention
is here to stay") before starting the research, thereby limiting its scope
and assuming that the Member States would have answers to its questions
about the assumed value of data retention. The Commission then limited
itself further by not seeking any information from Member States that had
not implemented the Directive. This definitively prevented the Commission
from being able to compare how much essential extra data is stored as a
result of the Directive, thereby making the legislation "necessary".
As a result, when the Commission asked for data in the second quarter of
2010, it received little useable information from the Member States. As a
result, Commissioner Malmstrvm made a personal plea to Member States during
the July 15 Justice and Home Affairs Council, followed by a letter (linked
below) from the Commission to Member States. The letter betrays the
Commission's disregard for the Charter (which each Commissioner swore a
legally binding oath to support) by showing that it is not seeking to
demonstrate "necessity" - "without this information it will be difficult for
the Commission to adequately demonstrate that the Directive is useful". It
further lowered the level of evidence it was requesting by asking for
examples of where data retained under the Directive "played a determining
role", rather than asking for examples of where data that would not
otherwise have been retained played a determining role.
Having created this untenable situation, the Commission managed to dig
itself even deeper during the "Taking on the Data Retention Directive"
conference in December 2010. For reasons that are far from obvious,
Commissioner Malmstrvm made a speech arguing that "data retention is here to
stay", despite the fact that inadequate information had been received from
the Member States (who mostly ignored her personal plea at the July Council
meeting) and despite the fact that her services were still months away from
being able to provide a useable summary of the paltry information that was
provided by the Member States.
So, where are we now? The Home Affairs Directorate General (DG HOME) of the
European Commission submitted a draft evaluation report at the end of
February, resplendent in blank spaces where the Member State information
should have been put, for review by colleagues from the rest of the
Commission. These have now provided their feedback which, by all accounts,
did not lavish praise on the work done so far. When and how the DG HOME will
update the document based on this feedback is not yet clear - what is clear
is the disastrous position their prejudging of the outcome of this process
has created.
The Commission has simply no basis, on the weak evidence presented by the
Member States, to argue that the value added to law enforcement by the
Directive shows that it is "necessary" (and therefore legal). It therefore
cannot move forward with a revision of the Directive. For the same reason,
it cannot opt simply to do nothing. It also cannot refine the Directive by
learning from the experience of Member States, like Germany and Romania,
that have not implemented the Directive, for the simple reason that it did
not request any information from those countries. And, having pandered to
the wishes of certain large Member States by proclaiming that "data
retention is here to stay," even a tactical retreat seems politically
difficult, even if it is legally and practically the only reasonable step
Perhaps the Commission should stop digging and start listening, learning
from the insightful words of a Swedish Liberal MEP on the day that the
Directive was adopted in the European Parliament. "This is a difficult issue
on which to adopt a position. Reflection is required, together with a solid
factual basis in relation to the privacy aspect, the technical consequences
and the actual costs for telecommunications operators and thus consumers."
Data retention Directive
Letter from the Commission to Member States (27.06.2011)
Czech Constitutional Court rejects Data Retention Law (31.03.2011)
EDRi-gram: Romanian Constitutional Court Decision against Data Retention
EDRi-gram: German Federal Constitutional Court Rejects Data Retention Law
Commissioner Malmstrvm's "data retention is here to stay" speech (3.12.2010)
Explanations of vote in the Euopean Parliament on the Data Retention
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
13. Recommended Action
Public consultation on on-line gambling in the Single Market. The final
questions in the Green Paper asks about the value of, and options for,
blocking of gambling websites.
Deadline: 31 July 2011
14. Recommended Reading
Paul de Hert / Rocco Bellanova: Transatlantic Cooperation on Travelers'
Data Processing: From Sorting Countries to Sorting Individuals
(Migration Policy Institute, 2011)
European Data Protection Commissioners insist on the need for a
comprehensive EU approach to data protection (6.04.2011)
EU survey: 72% of Europeans not informed about their fundamental rights  15. Agenda
7-8 April 2011, Amsterdam, Netherlands
European Legal Network Conference "Free Software law for the next ten years"
13-15 April 2011, Berlin, Germany
Re:publica XI: Conference about blogs, social media and the digital society
5-6 May 2011, Milano, Italy
The European Thematic Network on Legal Aspects of Public Sector
Information - public conference
17-18 May 2011, Berlin Germany
European Data Protection Reform & International Data Protection Compliance
30-31 May 2011, Belgrade, Serbia
Pan-European dialogue on Internet governance (EuroDIG)
2-3 June 2011, Krakow, Poland
4th International Conference on Multimedia, Communication, Services and
Security organized by AGH in the scope of and under the auspices of INDECT
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
16. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2012-06-06 17:37:20
@_author: edrigram@edri.org 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.11, 6 June 2012 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.11, 6 June 2012
1. Web blocking  Conclusions from the Danish Presidency
2. BERECs findings on net neutrality
3. Modernisation of CoE Convention 108: EDRi's comments
4. Czech Republic: Attempts to reintroduce data retention
5. EDRis response to the consultation on private copying levies
6. Creating a safer Internet for children  some solid progress
7. French Court considers YouTube non liable for the content
8. A new EC proposal on e-identities and e-signatures
9. ENDitorial: ACTA  the final weeks before the EP's vote
10. Recommended Action
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. Web blocking  Conclusions from the Danish Presidency
On 8 June 2012 the Council of Ministers will adopt a Council
Conclusions document on the creation of a Global Alliance against
Child Sexual Abuse Online. In line with the Directive adopted last
year, the text refers to blocking where appropriate of websites. The
inclusion of blocking in the text indicates an expectation of failure 
a global alliance could be expected to effectively remove, identify
and prosecute such offences wherever the material was found. It also
transplants a concept from EU legislation into an international context,
with all of the dangers that this implies. The reference to blocking in
the EU Directive is surrounded by safeguards (even if these are not
always implemented) and subject to the Charter of Fundamental Rights but
in the international environment those safeguards do not apply.
Separately, the Danish and Swedish authorities have been actively
lobbying Japan to introduce web blocking. The Swedish Ambassador to
Japan attended an event in Tokyo last week to lobby in favour of
blocking  touting Sweden's entirely bizarre official statistics to
support their case. By coincidence, one of the biggest technology
providers that works in the blocking area is Netclean, which happens to
be Swedish. By a second coincidence, the Swedish EU Commissioner's
services fund CIRCAMP, a police-based organisation that also lobbies for
web blocking.
The motivations of the Danish Presidency are difficult to guess at  is
child abuse being instrumentalised for other policy goals or does the
Danish government simply not understand the issue of online child abuse?
No particular attention appears to have been given to the fact that
there is no statistical information showing that blocking provides any
particular value in the protection of children. Worse still, statistics
from EU-funded hotlines show that even the potential value of blocking
for child protection reasons is dropping at a precipitous rate. Not
alone is the overall number of sites dropping consistently, around half
of the sites (and the proportion is growing) are file hosting sites or
hacked servers which cannot normally be blocked. For example, blocking
the entire Flickr or Microsoft Skydrive services because their services
had been abused would clearly be inappropriate.
There has been given no special attention either to the fact that, even
with EU protections for fundamental rights, blocking for child abuse
material has spread to cover other types of material (gambling and
copyright, in particular) in every country where it has been implemented
in Europe, except Sweden. Nor has any attention been given in the
document to the need for appropriate safeguards, although this may be
due to the fact that some EU countries have blocking with no meaningful
safeguards  indeed Denmark itself has a blocking system that does not
have a legal basis.
The document to be adopted is a set of Presidency Conclusions. These
are non-binding but must be adopted unanimously. One has to wonder at
countries like the Netherlands, Germany and Poland, which had extensive
discussions on a national level, which resulted in a decision that
blocking should not be implemented. Indeed, Germany was the only country
in the Council discussions to raise any concerns at all about this
initiative. It seems little more than reckless to permit the EU's
credibility to be attached to a strategy to be spread around the world
which is not good enough to be implemented in many of its own Member
Ironically, while the EU continues to push directionlessly for blocking
in any forum that it can find, it makes no efforts to reflect on
improving its domestic measures. There has been basically no evolution
of policy or thinking on either blocking or notice and takedown in the
past decade while in the US the procedures around notice and takedown
have been completely reformed to a positive effect.
Statistics from the Internet Watch Foundation annual reports for the
last number of years
Sweden's blocking page
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. BERECs findings on net neutrality
On 29 May 2012, The Body of European Regulators for Electronic
Communications (BEREC) published its findings in its joint investigation
with the European Commission regarding traffic management and other
practices that lead to restrictions to an open Internet in Europe.
This investigation was based on over 400 responses to a questionnaire
addressed to European operators in fixed and mobile markets and includes
three publications in the context of Net Neutrality (the quality of
service guidelines, a report on differentiation practices and related
competition issues and a report on IP Interconnection).
While stating that traffic management and differentiation practices are
not harmful in themselves, BEREC draws the attention over the fact that
they are capable of being used for questionable purposes or in an
inappropriate manner.
BERECs conclusions are that in order to provide net neutrality,
competition between operators should rely on effective transparency and
the possibility for end-users to easily switch between service
providers. National Regulatory Authorities (NRAs) as well as end-users
should also be able to monitor the performance of the Internet access
service and of the applications used via that Internet access service.
As the situation is different in the Member States, BEREC is proposing
general criteria to allow NRAs to assess practices on a case-by-case
basis in their respective markets.
However, the data from the investigation is actually revealing an
increased trend of the operators to  restrict access to their users. At
least 20% of mobile Internet users in Europe have some form of
restriction on their ability to access VoIP services, although there are
differences by country (depending for example on the number of operators
providing unrestricted access) says the report. The same is valid for
20% of the fixed telecommunications operators especially for
peer-to-peer volumes at peak times. According to Neelies Kroes, who
initiated the investigation, this can affect up to 95% of users in a
country. Kroes emphases the fact that the findings show the need for
more regulatory certainty and the existence of enough problems to
warrant strong and targeted action to safeguard consumers.
The Commissioner believes consumers should know exactly what they get
for their money and that regulators should have control over how ISPs
market their services.
Yet, digital civil society groups consider this is not enough and that
the Commission should legislate on the matter and provide strong legal
protections for the free Internet, taking the good example of Netherlands.
"Commissioner Nellie Kroes' proposals refer soundly to the long standing
principle of Net Neutrality, but they will have no effect if they fall
short of decisive action. Net neutrality must be made into EU law, and
provide a stricter framework paving the way for fine-tuned but effective
regulation. As Mrs. Kroes timidly suggests, it is indeed of the utmost
importance to ban operators from using the word "Internet" if they
block, throttle or charge differently for specific Internet services and
applications. Privacy invasive traffic monitoring practices must also be
prohibited. All the data is on the table, now we need action," stated
Zimmermann, co-founder and spokesperson of La Quadrature du Net.
The public consultation on the three BEREC documents is open until 31
July 2012.
A view of traffic management and other practices resulting in
restrictions to the open Internet in Europe - Findings from BERECs and
the European Commissions joint investigation (29.05.2012)
PRESS RELEASE - BEREC publishes net neutrality findings and new guidance
for consultation (29.05.2012)
BEREC documents on Net Neutrality consultation
Next steps on Net Neutrality  making sure you get champagne service if
thats what youre paying for (29.05.2012)
EU Telecom Regulators' Wake Up Call on Net Neutrality (30.05.2012)
3. Modernisation of CoE Convention 108: EDRi's comments
EDRi submitted last week its comments on the proposal for the
Modernisation of Council of Europe (CoE) Convention 108 for the	
Protection of Individuals with Regard to Automatic Processing of
Personal Data.
EDRi reiterated its support to the overall objectives of the
Modernisation process, and expressed its satisfaction that most of its
earlier comments have been taken into account in subsequent versions
of the proposal. While EDRi generally welcomed this latest draft, some
provisions still need some revision.
For example, EDRi considers that the paragraph which allows any Party to
the Convention to apply it to legal persons, should be deleted. The
reasoning is first, that this is beyond the scope of the Convention,
which deals with the protection of individuals. Secondly, this
provision contradicts the very notion of personal data protection.
Furthermore, the paragraph raises major concern with respect to
freedom of information and the right to access to documents (where the
concerned legal person is a public entity) and with respect to the
principles of transparency and accountability that are necessary in a
democratic society (where the concerned legal person is a private entity).
Also, EDRi welcomes the inclusion of data breach notifications
provisions, but sees it as currently too weak to actually avoid possible
breaches of the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject or
his interests. In order to overcome this problem without imposing too
cumbersome and unnecessary obligations on the controller (especially
when the controller is an SME), EDRi suggests to consider a two-level
system of data breach notification obligation, so that (i) the
Supervisory Authority is notified in any case of data breach and
(ii) the data subject is also notified when the data breach presents
serious risks for him/her or when the Supervisory Authority decides so.
EDRi Comments on Modernisation of Convention 108
Council of Europe - Modernisation of Convention No. 108
(Thanks to Meryem Marzouki - EDRi-member IRIS, France)
4. Czech Republic: Attempts to reintroduce data retention
For over a year now, Czech operators have not generally retained data on
electronic communication for the needs of police  data police
considered crucial in the investigation of crime. Yet, every year, there
has been an increase in the number of solved crimes. Guardians of
privacy are therefore convinced there is no need to monitor private
electronic communications. However, the Chamber of Deputies of the
Parliament of the Czech Republic discusses the reintroduction of data
In March 2011, the Constitutional Court of the Czech Republic decided to
cancel the obligation of operators to retain traffic and localisation
data on the electronic communications of all the citizens for the needs
of the police and other authorized bodies, following a complaint filed
by the civic association EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium (IuRe) and
supported by 52 deputies. The police can currently use only data kept
for other purposes, such as billing.
"Prior to the decision of the Constitutional Court, we were true
European 'champions' in the number of police requests for such data. In
the first three months of 2011 only, just prior to the decision of the
Constitutional Court, the police requested this information in criminal
proceedings in a total of 29 661 cases. Some of these requests were
multiple, addressing for example all three mobile phone operators. So
that a total of 61 698 responses with data files were provided," says
Jan Voboril, lawyer with IuRe. He also adds that in the first three
months of 2012, only 2 240 requests were filled and only 2980 responses
provided  which adds up to more than ten times less requests and twenty
times less responses. IuRe requested this data from the Special Tasks
Department of the Police of the Czech Republic.
"It is interesting that such a large drop in the number of requests had
virtually no effect on the detection of crime. According to the police
statistics for 2010, a year when operators kept the data and it was
widely used by the police, and for 2011, when, following the decision of
the Constitutional Court, there was limited data retention for the most
part of the year, with a substantial drop in the number of requests for
information, the Czech Republic saw an increase in crime the detection
rate from 37,55% to 38,54 %. Therefore statistics do contradict what the
police says: the Police insists that data retention is more or less an
essential tool and limiting data retention has a major impact on police
work. "It is obvious that the police still has sufficient tools for the
investigation of crimes apart from global data retention related to the
communications of all citizens," explains Voboril.
Currently, the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech
Republic discusses a draft document for the amendment of the Act on
Electronic Communications aimed to reintroduce the obligation of
operators to retain data in order to implement the European directive.
IuRe sent its comments on this questionable proposal to the Members of
the Parliament.
In some areas, such as the right of the police to request these data for
purposes related to searching for wanted and missing persons outside the
scope of criminal proceedings, there is a lack of protection against
abuse. "The police is aware of this as well, as confirmed to us by
representatives of the Special Tasks Department who also said they
sought to change these authorisations which can be misused. However the
Ministry of Interior is blocking the solution to this problem," says
"We would see the best solution in declining the current proposal or
passing only stricter rules for the use of these data and simultaneously
declining the obligation of operators to retain data for the needs of
the police and other authorities. Europe currently expects a decision of
the European Court of Justice assessing the acceptability of global data
retention as required by the Directive in respect of its compatibility
with fundamental right to privacy. At the same time, the Directive is
being revised by the European Commission. In Germany, where the
Constitutional Court annulled these legal provisions in 2010, it seems
that the Directive will not be implemented at all, despite the threat of
sanctions  given its massive impact on citizens' rights and with
reference to the unconstitutionality of it. We hope that our legislators
will find the courage and common sense to reject this useless tool with
great impact on our privacy," concluded Voboril.
(Thanks to EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium  Czech Republic)
5. EDRis response to the consultation on private copying levies
In November 2011, the European Commissioner Michel Barnier appointed Mr
Antonio Vitorino  former EU Commissioner  as mediator in the dialogue
on private copying levies. A public consultation was (quite discreetly)
launched by Mr Vitorino in April 2012. The consultation deadline, to
which EDRi answered, was last Thursday.
In its answers, EDRi underlines the incoherence of having a levy on
private copying when there is no consistency in EU regarding the scope
of private copying. It is indeed fundamentally impossible to harmonise
private copying without fully harmonising the copyright legislation
especially on exceptions and limitations, as well as resolving the
problem of legal protection for technical protection mechanisms.
The logic behind private copying levies is that there is a specific harm
to the creator caused by the legal owner of a copy of the content in
question who uses the content as he(she) sees fit. This assumption
appears somewhat dubious on its own and becomes even more questionable
when we consider that there are major question marks over whether or not
the actual creators, particularly niche artists, receive an appropriate
proportion of the money collected in the EU Member States that
currently collect levies.
On the other hand, while the harm caused to creators has never been
clearly demonstrated, the damage to the equipment market in Europe is
very easy to see, as is the exceptionally wasteful and costly collection
of levies by and for collecting societies.
Moreover, private copy levies seem to hinder creativity and creation in
the digital age more than they encourage them. They skew the market by
compensating rightsholders for economic losses that have never been
clearly demonstrated. Private copy levies might even have a chilling
effect on new business models including digital services. New devices
and services are being developed that allow the creation and
commercialisation of works. Some devices and services have
their own models to remunerate creators. However, pressure is mounting
for levies to be spread to cover such services, even when copying,
particularly private copying, are not a main function of the services.
Secondly, some emerging business models are based on licensing content
and do not even envisage the possibility of private copies.
One important issue with the consultation is that it assumes that the
private copying levies should exist, when it does not appear to be an
equitable solution. Since the Directive 2001/29/EC recognises the
possibility of an exception for private copying, a levy imposed on
exercising a right that is yours by law does not seem to be justified,
unless there is a significant damage that can be quantified. Discussions
on this alleged negative economic impact have been going on
for a long time but the damage, if it exists at all, was never quantified.
In a recent Opinion, the European Economic and Social Committee (EESC)
stresses the unfairness of private copying levy as "private copying is
an integral part of fair use". Moreover, the opinion underlines that "it
should certainly not apply to hard drives used by businesses in the
course of their industrial and commercial activities." (Point 1.5 of the
Opinion) In its final point, the Opinion states that a tax levied in
order to cover the cost of private copying is based on the presumption
of guilt, and that "private copying is a legitimate practice
which enables the user to change media or hardware and which should be
recognised as a right of the legal holder of the license for use under
the concept of fair use" (point 4.6.7).
As long as the damage has not been quantified and not even clearly
verified, no tax should be raised to compensate an unknown damage. Some
other solutions could possibly solve the problem encountered, such as
a compensation scheme based on the sale price of the work. That would
firstly solve both the issue of the compensation of the alleged loss of
creators and the question of who is liable to pay for this compensation,
and secondly, that would avoid problems in cross-border sales.
Statement by Mr. Antsnio Vitorino on the mediation process
concerning private copying and reprography levies (2.04.2012)
Opinion EESC on the "Communication from the Commission  A Single Market
for Intellectual Property Rights  Boosting creativity and innovation to
provide economic growth, high quality jobs and first class products and
services in Europe" (6.03.2012)
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
6. Creating a safer Internet for children  some solid progress
The European Commission hosted a meeting of the CEO Coalition on
Friday of last week. This is a project where Commissioner Kroes invited
industry to produce measures to make the Internet a safer place for
children. The dangers of such an approach are clear  industry will be
tempted to choose the easiest and most public relations-friendly
measures rather than evidence-based measures that will make a positive
difference and, potentially, to favour solutions which give them a
competitive advantage. On the other hand, the Commission is faced with
the temptation to take whatever is on offer from industry, particularly
due to the very short time-frame (end of 2012) that it gave industry to
come up with proposals.
There appears, however, to be a new awareness in the Commission that
child protection must be taken more seriously, based on credible
research. One indication of this is the distribution on Friday of the
latest round of the EUKidsonline research project. This project provides
a comprehensive overview of the experience of European children in the
online environment, providing an evidence base for future
decision-making. To date, however, the EU institutions have referred
this work disappointingly infrequently, although this may change as the
research becomes better known.
The discussions on Friday, despite the less than promising framework for
the project, displayed some of the first significant evolution in
thinking of this subject for several years. The quality and progress of
the work of the CEO Coalition is, however, very different depending on
the subject being discussed and which companies are taking the lead.
There are four working groups, WG 1 on reporting tools, WG 2 on
age-appropriate privacy settings, WG 3 on notice and takedown and WG
4 on "parental controls".
The most disappointing work is being done in working groups 1 and 2.
Working Group 1 on "reporting tools" appears to believe that any
reporting button of any description will be a good thing. Many of the
proposals are measures that have already been tried, with varying
degrees of success and failure. Instead of learning from past mistakes
and building on past achievements, the working group appears to prefer
to start from scratch. Despite the recent revelations on the Gawker
website and the Daily Telegraph, no particular attention is being
devoted to the treatment of reports that are filed through reporting
Working group 2 on age-appropriate privacy settings, led by Facebook,
offers the least progress. The task at hand appears to be spin
existing policies and laws that should be applicable for both children
and adults as a special service for children. This approach is the one
that was followed in the already existing The Safer Social Networking
Principles for EU. The presentation made on Friday, for example,
suggested that an application or service that is directed at children
or adolescents should ensure that the collection, access and use of
personal information is appropriate in all given circumstances and
compatible with national law.
In Working Group 3 on "notice and takedown", there are worrying
discussions on the roll-out of upload filters. Hardly coincidentally,
Microsoft both leads the Notice and Takedown working group and developed
the PhotoDNA software that is used by, for example, Facebook UK, to
check filter images being uploaded to its service against a blacklist of
known child abuse material. No discussion of abuse of the software,
unintended consequences or positives and negatives that can be drawn
from experience with the use of the software took place. On the other
hand, however, there was an awareness among participants that the focus
on industry actions such as notice and takedown, leaves much of the
problem unaddressed and even neglected. There has been far too much
attention placed on removing the symptoms of the crime, often outside
the rule of law, and too little on the important problems that
intermediaries cannot solve  victim identification, investigation,
prosecution etc. This was the first meeting that we are aware of when
this realisation was expressed by organisations other than EDRi.
Working group 4 on "parental controls", which is led by Nokia, showed an
impressive amount of expertise and serious reflection on how to create a
real value added for child protection online. The paper presented by
Nokia stressed the  importance of continual research in order to ensure
that the measures being implemented are actually achieving their
intended goals, that parental controls should be at the edge of the
network rather than in the network itself and that measures which
undermine the privacy of the child should not be restricted by any such
The biggest danger now is that the rapidly approaching deadline of the
end of 2012 will lead to proposals being made and approved without due
care for unintended consequences for child protection, for fundamental
rights, for online competition and for the open Internet.
EU Kids online project
Inside Facebooks Outsourced Anti-Porn and Gore Brigade, Where Camel
Toes are More Offensive Than Crushed Heads (16.02.2012)
The dark side of Facebook (2.03.2012)
Commissioner Kroes speech on delivering a better Internet for kids
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
7. French Court considers YouTube non liable for the content
On 29 May 2012, in a case brought to court by TF1 against Google for its
YouTube service, the High Court of Paris ruled that YouTube was just a
hosting service and therefore not bound to police the content posted on
it by its users.
TF1 sued Google in 2008 over a series of extracts from its programs
posted on YouTube by its users. The TV company claimed 141 million Euro
as damages for counterfeiting, unfair competition and parasitism.
"The defendant is not responsible in principle for the video content on
its site; only the users of the site are....... It has no obligation to
police the content before it is put online as long as it informs users
that posting television shows, music videos, concerts or advertisements
without prior consent of the owner is not allowed," says the courts
The court dismissed all TF1 claims and asked the TV channel to pay 80000
Euro for Googles legal fees.
"We continue to oppose any demands to systematically filter or
pre-screen YouTube content and are confident that future court rulings
will uphold the need to allow innovative Web services to flourish,"
Christophe Mueller, head of partnerships for YouTube in Southern Europe,
Middle East and Africa, said in a statement.
This is good news for Google as the company was not as lucky in Germany
where in April 2012 the court took a totally opposite decision deciding
YouTube was responsible for the content its users published and should
take down copyrighted videos or pay royalties.
The French court decision can, however, still be appealed, as it was
given by a civil court of first instance in Paris.
YouTube wins against TF1 which was asking 141 million euro (updated)
(only in French, 29.05.2012)
The High Court of Paris ruling in TF1 case against YouTube (only in
French, 29.05.2012)
A Victory for the Web in France (29.05.2012)
French court backs Google in TV piracy case (29.05.2012)
EDRi-gram: YouTube loses a case in Germany to collective society Gema
8. A new EC proposal on e-identities and e-signatures
On 4 June 2012, the European Commission published a new draft regulation
on e-signatures and e-identities that is meant to extend the existing
e-Signatures Directive to include new services such as e-stamping or
e-seals that would guarantee the origin and the integrity of an
electronic document.
The proposed Regulation will ensure people and businesses can use their
own national electronic identification schemes (e-IDs) to access public
services in other EU countries where e-IDs are available. says the EC
press realease.
By the draft regulation, citizens e-identities will be automatically
recognised in other EU member countries without need of extra paper
work. "The proposed Regulation will ensure mutual acceptance of
electronic identification schemes (eIDs), e-Signatures and related
online trust services," explained Ryan Heath, spokesperson for Digital
Agenda Commissioner Neelie Kroes.
The EC assures that the regulation will not oblige EU member states to
introduce eID cards, that the proposals are designed to avoid the
centralisation of information and that there will be no European eID
database or any other kind of European database.
According to the Commission, the security of the electronic use of
personal data in other countries will be protected with state-of-the-art
technology and procedures and no unnecessary data will not be revealed.
If a teenager wanted secure access to a chat room for 14-18 year old,
or gamblers needed to prove they were of legal age, the website should
only check information about their age from the e-ID card. Other details
such as nationality and address would not need to be revealed, details
the Commissions paper.
However, the proposal favours the introduction of e-IDs. The member
states taking up e-IDs will benefit from incentives and although the
document underlines that harmonisation of e-identities is not required,
best practices will be exchanged and followed among member states with
e-Ids, which will lead to an actual harmonisation.
The proposal will probably still raise controversy in countries with
high concerns about privacy such as the United Kingdom where citizens
have long opposed the introduction of identity cards. "We fought to be
free and we will again fight to be free," said a EurActiv reader.
Security is another matter of concern as the current data protection
systems are not entirely equipped to deal with increasingly
sophisticated techniques to steal data and identities in the electronic
world and eIDs would also be targeted by Internet fraudsters and
criminals organisations.
The French Pirate Party called for avoiding the centralisation of data
storage and for allowing citizens to disclose the minimum of personal
Commission launches e-identity initiative (4.06.2012)
Digital Agenda: new Regulation to enable cross-border electronic
signatures and to get more value out of electronic identification in
Digital Single Market (4.06.2012)
EC Draft Regulation on electronic identification and trusted services
for electronic transactions in the internal market (4.06.2012)
EDRi-gram 10.10: Electronic identities all over the EU? (23.05.2012)
9. ENDitorial: ACTA  the final weeks before the EP's vote
Over the past two weeks, all four European Parliament (EP) committees
that are providing an opinion on ACTA have voted against the proposal.
The next steps will be a vote in the responsible Committee  on 20/21
June and final vote of the full Parliament on 3 July.
It is worth remembering that, so far, a total of only 175
parliamentarians have had an opportunity to vote and 98 of these (56%)
voted against ACTA, with a large number of abstentions. The results in
the different committees varied widely. Only one MEP in each of the
Development (DEVE) and Civil Liberties Committees (LIBE) voted in favour
of ACTA, while the vote was comparatively close in the Industry and
Legal Affairs Committees. A total of 37 parliamentarians voted in favour
of ACTA.
While this headline is very positive and very welcome, the fight is far
from over. There are still Parliamentarians who wish to support ACTA,
even if this now means humiliating the Parliament itself by avoiding a
vote until after the European Court of Justice ruling next year. Efforts
are still being made by some Parliamentarians to give Commissioner De
Gucht one last opportunity to address the Parliament to plead for a
delay of the vote. Even during the votes in DEVE and LIBE some
Parliamentarians tried to disrupt the Parliament's work by introducing
last minute amendments to delay the final vote.
As a result, ACTA has now become much more than ACTA. It has become a
test for the functioning of the European Union institutions. For the
first time since the Lisbon Treaty has came into force, the European
Parliament has had the courage to stand up for itself. It has (so far)
refused to be derailed by the political games of the European
Commission. The late (they had already referred ACTA to the Parliament)
decision to send the proposal to the European Court of Justice is
correctly being understood as a political ploy.
The Parliament has also, so far, had the maturity to see through the
weakness of the lobbying of the parts of industry that support ACTA.
Lobbying letters to the Parliament vacillate between explaining that
ACTA changes nothing and there is no need to be afraid, to ACTA is
hugely important and will cost Europe jobs if it is not accepted. The
rather weak ploy of the music industry (IFPI) of writing bland letters
in favour of ACTA and then lobbying uninterested industry groups to
co-sign has also so far failed to impress MEPs.
The Parliament has also shown a new ability to hear the voice of
citizens. There is a new mood in the Parliament regarding civil
liberties and the Internet. Parliamentarians were asked by the
Commission and parts of industry to ignore misinformation about ACTA
from civil society. However, as more and more independent and credible
voices  the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE),
the European Economic and Social Committee (EESC), the European Data
Protection Supervisor (EDPS) and others  lined up to support the
analysis of civil society, the Parliament realised that the civil
society's voice must be listened to.
But we must not forget that there are over 700 MEPs in the European
Parliament, only 175 have so far had the opportunity to vote and just
56% actively voted against ACTA. We must maintain the pressure until the
very end. After years of campaigning on ACTA, we are four weeks away
from a vote that will determine the strength and credibility of the
civil society and even the European Parliament itself for many years to
come. It is not the time to be complacent. It is the time to redouble
our efforts.
OSCE media representative urges European Parliament to reassess ACTA to
safeguard freedom of expression (14.02.2012)
Opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee on the
"Communication from the Commission  A Single Market for Intellectual
Property Rights  Boosting creativity and innovation to provide economic
growth, high quality jobs and first class products and services in
Europe"  (6.03.2012)
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the proposal for a
Council Decision on the Conclusion of ACTA (24.04.2012)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
10. Recommended Action
9 June 2012
3rd International Day of Action against ACTA, IPRED & Co.
Consultation on discussion papers on Corporate Responsibility to Respect
Human Rights Sector Guidance Project
Deadline: 30 June 2012
ICT Discussion Paper
11. Recommended Reading
EDPS Opinion on a notification for Prior Checking concerning the "Safe
Mission Data" system
12. Agenda
27 June 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Pan-European Forum on Media Pluralism and New Media
24-29 June 2012, Prague, Czech Republic
ICANN 44 meeting
2-6 July 2012, Budapest, Hungary
Policies and Practices in Access to Digital Archives: Towards a New
Research and Policy Agenda
9-10 July 2012, Barcelona, Spain
8th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Challenges and
Opportunities of Online Entertainment
11-13 July 2012, Vigo, Spain
The 12th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium
(PETS 2012)
25-26 August 2012, Bonn, Germany
Free and Open Source software conference (FrOSCon)
6-7 September 2012, Cluj-Napoca, Romania
CONSENT policy conference:
Perceptions, Privacy and Permissions: the role of consent in on-line
Call for papers by 7 June 2012
12-14 September 2012, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
Building Institutions for Sustainable Scientific, Cultural and Genetic
Resources Commons.
7-10 October 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
2012 Amsterdam Privacy Conference
25-28 October 2012, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2012
6-9 November 2012, Baku, Azerbaijan
Seventh Annual IGF Meeting: "Internet Governance for Sustainable Human,
Economic and Social Development"
9-11 November 2012, Fulda, Germany
Digitalisierte Gesellschaft - Wege und Irrwege
FIfF Annual Conference in cooperation with Fuldaer Informatik Kollquium
13. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 31 members based or with offices in 19 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge
and awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips
are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are
visible on the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2013-10-23 18:09:57
@_author: edrigram@edri.org 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 11.20, 23 October 2013 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 11.20, 23 October 2013
1. Data protection vote  one step forward, two big steps backwards
2. Tough negotiations for the law enforcement data protection directive
3. France is demanding explanations from the US over NSA surveillance
4. ECtHR: Internet news portal liable for the offensive online comments
5. Increased level of online censorship in Italy
6. European Court of Justice: Fingerprints in electronic passport are OK
7. After 3 years: French authority Hadopi keeps proving its uselessness
8. Skype is investigated in Luxembourg for its relations to NSA
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Data protection vote  one step forward, two big steps backwards
The European Parliament's Civil Liberties Committee held a crucial vote
on Monday evening, 21 October 2013, on the future of privacy and data
protection in Europe.
We applaud Parliamentarians for supporting  and even improving -
several important and valuable elements of the original Commission
proposal. We are particularly happy that the Committee chose to overturn
the Commission's proposal to allow Member States the scope to exempt
themselves from the rules on profiling.
Nonetheless, we are shocked and disappointed that Parliamentarians voted
to introduce massive loopholes that undermine the whole proposal.
If allowed to stand, this vote would launch an 'open season' for online
companies to quietly collect our data, create profiles and sell our
personalities to the highest bidder said Joe McNamee, Executive
Director of European Digital Rights. This is all the more disappointing
because it undermines and negates much of the good work that has been
done, he added.
Despite almost daily stories of data being lost, mislaid, breached and
trafficked to and by foreign governments, our elected representatives
adopted a text saying that corporate tracking and profiling of
individuals should not be understood as significantly affecting our
rights and our freedoms.
The Committee extended the range of circumstances in which companies can
process an individual's data without their consent - and made the rules
far less easy to understand.
These huge loopholes are all the more disappointing when we consider
that MEPs agreed to support several positive measures elsewhere in the
text. These measures include an adequate level of sanctions in case of
abuses, data breach notifications, data portability and data protection
by design and by default.
The problematic compromises adopted are:
Compromise 4
Compromise 6
Compromise 20
EDPS - An important and welcome step towards stronger and more
effective data protection in Europe
2. Tough negotiations for the law enforcement data protection directive
On Monday, 21 October 2013 the Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs
Committee of the European Parliament adopted reports on the General Data
Protection Regulation and the Directive for the police and justice sector.
In the past months, the Directive covering personal data processed to
prevent, investigate or prosecute criminal offences or enforce criminal
penalties has not attracted as much attention as the Regulation, but is
in fact part of the data protection package. The Directive aims to
ensure that the Member States replace the existing fragmented
legislation with a coherent legal framework for the processing and
exchange of personal data within the EU and with third countries.
The negotiating mandate for the Directive was adopted by 47 votes to
four, with one abstention. The Parliament now has a clear mandate to
start negotiations with the Member States and, according to the
Committees homepage, it expects to reach a common agreement before the
European elections in May 2014. The inter-institutional talks will start
as soon as the Member States will have agreed on their own position.
However, the upcoming negotiations with the European Commission, the
Council and the Member States are likely to face fundamental
difficulties. EDRi had insight into a document from the Working Party on
Information Exchange and Data Protection (DAPIX) session from 4 October
2013, where the Member States discussed the proposed Directive.
In this session, the Member States and the Commission focused
discussions on articles one to seven. It became clear, that there are
still fundamental reservations against the Directive. Germany, Great
Britain, Denmark, the Czech Republic, Slovenia, Sweden and Austria
raised the question of the added value compared to the Framework
Decision 2008/977/JI. Several Member States consider the
Directive as a defiance to the subsidiary principle and some referred to
the lack of legal competences of the European Union - Denmark, the Czech
Republic, Slovenia, Great Britain, Sweden, and Germany. Italy, Spain,
Germany, Hungary, Poland and Portugal stated their reservations on the
whole Directive. Only France supported the choice of instrument.
There was widespread consent between the Member States to adopt stricter
rules than laid out in the Directive and that there should be the
establishment of minimum standards (mentioned explicitly by Germany,
Great Britain, Czech Republic, Austria, Sweden, and the Netherlands).
Furthermore, the majority of Member States claimed an extension of the
scope to the protection against threats to public safety and maintenance
of public order, according to a proposal put forward by Romania.
Germany, the Czech Republic, Estonia and Hungary criticised that the EU
institutions are not within the scope of the Directive.
It became clear that article four (Principles relating to personal data
processing) and article seven (Lawfulness of processing) - and the
interaction of both articles in particular - needed further explanation.
The deletion of articles five and six proposed by the Irish presidency
was generally welcomed, especially by Belgium, Great Britain, the Czech
Republic, Denmark, Germany and Sweden. Under article seven, the question
whether the consent of the person concerned should be added or not was
intensely discussed  apart from Austria all Member States seemed to be
in favour. The Commission generally rejected this solution.
The document we had access to only covered articles one to seven, but it
definitely gives a foretaste of how complicated the negotiations after
the Parliaments adoption of the Directive with the Member States might
Civil Liberties MEPs pave the way for stronger data protection in the EU
EP LIBE Committee
Q&A on EU data protection reform (22.10.2013)
Danish EU Presidency - Council working parties
Summary analysis of European Commission proposal for a Data Protection
Directive in the law enforcement sector (19.09.2012)
(Contribution by Karim Khattab - EDRi intern & Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
3. France is demanding explanations from the US over NSA surveillance
On 21 October 2013, the French government summoned Charles Rivkin, the
US ambassador in France, demanding urgent explanation regarding the
revelations by Le Monde that, according to the documents released by
Edward Snowden, NSA has intercepted French citizens phone and internet
communications, at a massive scale.
Le Monde revealed on that day that, during a 30-day period in December
2012 and January 2013, more than 70 million French phone calls were
intercepted and text messages were also swept based on keywords. The
interceptions appear to have targeted not only people with suspected
terrorist links but also people in business, politics and the French
administration, under a programme codenamed US-985D.
According to the information obtained by Le Monde, when a telephone
number is used in France, it activates a signal which automatically
triggers the recording of the call. It seems this type of surveillance
system picks up SMS messages and their content as well, by using key
words. NSA then apparently stores the history of the connections or the
The French prime minister, Jean-Marc Ayrault, demanded the US to provide
"clear answers, justifying the reasons these practices were used and
above all creating the conditions of transparency so these practices can
be put to an end". The White Houses first response was that the US
"gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations".
"These kinds of practices between partners, that violate privacy, are
totally unacceptable. We must quickly assure that these practices aren't
repeated," also stated French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius at an EU
foreign ministers meeting in Luxembourg on the same day. The day was
rich in events as U.S. President Barack Obama and French President
Francois Hollande also had a phone discussion on the subject.
A news release from Hollande's office said he expressed his "deep
disapproval with regard to these practices" and stated that such alleged
activities would be unacceptable between allies and friends. The press
release also states that the two presidents agreed that French and
American intelligence services would cooperate to investigate the issue.
"The President and President Hollande discussed recent disclosures in
the press -- some of which have distorted our activities and some of
which raise legitimate questions for our friends and allies about how
these capabilities are employed. The President made clear that the
United States has begun to review the way that we gather intelligence,
so that we properly balance the legitimate security concerns of our
citizens and allies with the privacy concerns that all people share,"
says a news release from the White House.
This is not the only time France had issues with NSA spying activities.
In July, Hollande threatened to suspend negotiations for a transatlantic
free trade agreement after reports in the Guardian and Der Spiegel that
the NSA spied on EU offices and European diplomatic missions in
Washington and at the UN in New York.
Yet, also in July, Le Monde reported that France runs its own vast
electronic surveillance operation, intercepting and stocking data from
citizens' phone and internet activity, using similar methods to the
NSA's Prism programme.
Snowden leaks: France summons US envoy over NSA surveillance claims
France in the NSA's crosshair : phone networks under surveillance
How NSA spies on France (only in French, 21.10.2013)
Editorial of "Le Monde": fighting Big Brother (only in French,
US spy agency targets French firms (21.10.2013)
Report: U.S. intercepts French phone calls on a 'massive scale'
4. ECtHR: Internet news portal liable for the offensive online comments
The European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) ruled on 10 October 2013 in
the case Delfi AS vs. Estonia that an Internet news portal was liable
for the offensive comments that were posted by the readers underneath
its online articles.
The Court held that the finding of liability by the Estonian courts was
a justified and proportionate restriction on the portals right to
freedom of expression, in particular, because:
- the comments were highly offensive;
- the portal failed to prevent them from becoming public, profited from
their existence, allowed their authors to remain anonymous; and,
- the fine imposed by the Estonian courts was not excessive.
Even though the portal had argued that the EU Directive on Electronic
Commerce, as transposed into the Estonian law, had made the case exempt
from liability, the Court found that it was for national courts to
resolve issues of interpretation of domestic law, and therefore did not
address the issue under EU law.
The decision was heavily debated by the freedom of speech advocates that
criticized the ruling for failing "to understand the role of Internet
intermediaries as the gateway to the exercise of free expression."
EDRi-member Article 19 pointed out that the decision is "a deeply
concerning precedent for freedom of expression in several respects. It
also displays a worrying lack of understanding of the issues surrounding
intermediary liability and the way in which the Internet works."
The Court has thus failed to appreciate the purpose of the EU E-Commerce
Directive provisions concerning hosting liability and has considered
that the news portal should have prevented defamatory and other clearly
unlawful comments from being made public. But that is actually
contradictory to article 15 of the Directive which prohibits Member
States from imposing monitoring obligations on information society
services, including actively seeking facts or circumstances indicating
illegal activity.
At the same time, the Court ignored the relevant international standards
developed by the UN Special Rapporteur on Freedom of Expression in this
area in his thematic report on the Internet where he clearly recommended
that censorship measures should never be delegated to private entities,
and that no one should be held liable for content on the Internet of
which they are not the author.
The decision of the Court Chamber is not final though.
During the three-month period following its delivery, any party may
request that the case be referred to the Grand Chamber of the Court. If
such a request is made, a panel of five judges considers whether the
case deserves further examination. In that event, the Grand Chamber will
hear the case and deliver a final judgement. If the referral request is
refused, the Chamber judgement will become final on that day.
Press release - Making an Internet news portal liable for the offensive
online comments of its readers was justified (10.10.2013)
Full Text - DELFI AS v. ESTONIA (10.10.2013)
European Court strikes serious blow to free speech online (14.10.2013)
European ruling spells trouble for online comment (11.10.2013)
5. Increased level of online censorship in Italy
AGECOM, Italys independent Electronic Communications Authority, is on
the verge of undertaking the power of ordering the removal of any online
content that it deems to be in violation of the copyright law, without
the need of the parliament or court approval.
Despite strong criticism from NGOs, ISPs, other companies or legal
practitioners, the authority new Draft Regulation on Copyright
Protection on Electronic Communication Networks allows it to black out
foreign sites and take down Italian ones alleged to have infringed the
copyright law, within 48 hours, without any court decision.
The legislation is to be passed definitively in November 2013 after a
decision from the European Union.
AGCOMs bill will give the authority the power to order Internet access
providers to disclose private information about subscribers and give
them to the right holders. Any website inciting, aiding and abetting
copyright infringement, even indirectly  will permit its complete seizure.
An alliance of organizations including the consumer groups, lawyers, and
business have initiated a campaign to oppose the measures introduced by
the bill which risk to turn ISPs into online censors, are totally
inefficient and may lead to over-blocking and abuse.
The alliance has also sent an open letter to Laura Boldrini, the
president of the lower house of the Italian Parliament urging the
assembly to take the matter into its own hands and suspend the draft
On 1 October 2013, EDRi member Article 19 issued a detailed opinion on
the bill showing concern that it provides for the blocking of entire
websites, domain names or IP addresses. These measures are both
ineffective and deeply inimical to free expression due to the high risks
of over-blocking. We are also concerned that blocking powers would be
entrusted to a regulator rather than the courts.
In more disturbing news from Italy on the stupid IPR enforcement
measures, on the 17 October 2013, following a complaint from the music
industry group FIMI, several big torrent sites were put on the ISPs
blacklist by orders of the Bergamo court. Besides ExtraTorrent, 1337x,
H33T, TorrentHound, Italian ISPs may have to block a whole range of IP
addresses associated with The Pirate Bay, including some with authorized
content. (such as their mail server). The Observatory on The Internet
Censorship In Italy counts now over 6000 websites that are being blocked
in Italy.
Freedom of the web at risk in Italy: Copyright to hide censorship
Petition - Help us say NO to Italian internet censorship!
Italy: Draft Regulation on Copyright Protection on Electronic
Communication (1.10.2013)
Agcom, the new web sheriff does not listen to critics (only in Italian,
Open Letter to President Boldrini (only in Italian, 14.10.2013)
Italian Court Orders ISPs to Block Several Major Torrent Sites
Observatory on The Internet Censorship In Italy
The Major illicit portals obscured. Provincial Command Bergamo (only in
Italian, 16.10.2013)
6. European Court of Justice: Fingerprints in electronic passport are OK
The European Court of Justice ruled on 17 October 2013 that the
inclusion of the fingerprints in the EU electronic passports is lawful.
While the Court acknowledged that taking and storing of fingerprints in
passports constitutes an infringement of the rights to respect for
private life and the protection of personal data, it ruled that security
is more important than privacy and such measures are justified for the
purpose of preventing any fraudulent use of passports.
The ruling also claims that the measure of taking fingerprints is not
that sensitive, because it  "involves no more than the taking of prints
of two fingers, which can, moreover, generally be seen by others, so
that this is not an operation of an intimate nature."
The decision admits that the electronic passports are not flawless, but
argues that "the fact that the method is not wholly reliable is not
decisive. Although that method does not prevent all unauthorised persons
from being accepted, it is enough that it significantly reduces the
likelihood of such acceptance that would exist if that method were not
At the same time, the Court emphasized that the Regulation allows the
storage of fingerprints only in the electronic passport that will be
held by the owner and that it cannot be interpreted "as providing a
legal basis for the centralised storage of data collected or for the use
of such data for purposes other than that of preventing illegal entry
into the EU.
This is not the only case where the ECJ will be asked to rule on
biometric passports, with another one where Dutch applicants had been
refused the issuing of their passports because they did not accept to
provide their fingerprints, that were stored in a database.
Gus Hosein from Privacy International explained Bloomberg BNA that "the
court had 'narrowly interpreted' EU law, and there was potential for
challenges against the taking of fingerprints for inclusion in passports
to be brought before the European Court of Human Rights. The court
ruling was the 'perpetuation of a stupid mistake' made by the European
Parliament when it approved the collection of fingerprints for passports."
But the EU seems to try to get to the next level of fingerprinting
regular people in its new 1 billion Euro Smart Borders proposal that
would include all personal details and the 10 fingerprints of all non-EU
citizens over 12 years old who want to enter the European Union. All
being held in one database.
Press release: Including fingerprints in passports is lawful
Full Judgement - Michael Schwarz vs. Stadt Bochum (17.10.2013)
Security trumps privacy, EU court says (17.10.2013)
EU Collection of Fingerprints for Passports Threatens Privacy, but Is
Lawful, ECJ Rules (21.10.2013)
EDRi-gram: ECJ to rule on the biometric passports (10.10.2012)
7. After 3 years: French authority Hadopi keeps proving its uselessness
After three years of existence, Hadopi French authority in charge with
the infamous three-strikes gradual response system, has succeeded in
proving nothing but a large waste of public money.
To mark its 3-year anniversary, Hadopi has issued its activity report
which shows that, to the day, it has succeeded in ordering 1 sole
Internet disconnection and, on the other hand, it has experienced large
bureaucratic problems and issues with identifying subscribers.
Hadopi has sent a total of 1.912 million notifications to French
Internet subscribers as strike one, 186 153 follow-up letters as strike
2 and has caused 1 disconnection as strike 3.
Only for 2013, Hapodi costs the French taxpayers 5.4 million Euro, large
part of it spent to answer subscribers who make request regarding the
name of the works for which they receive the notification. As the
Ministry of Culture refused to allow for the names of the works to be
included in the notification, the law stipulates Hadopi has to answer to
the subscribers upon request. Therefore, in 2012-2013, there were 73210
contacts by phone or email with Internet subscribers out of which 81.73%
were related to the content of the notification.
Hadopi believes that a modification of the legislation in this sense
would be beneficial and would not affect the confidentiality of the
communication if the receiver is the owner of the subscription.
Moreover, to contact subscribers, Hadopi has to go via Internet ISPs.
The initial amount of the first notifications was thus reduced to
7.718 million as, apparently, there were multiple allegations against
the same subscriber. The report says that 88% of these allegations were
successfully matched against named subscribers.
Following the 186 453 letters sent for strike 2, there were 663 cases
for which Hadopi was to decide whether to submit them to the court which
resulted in 51 submissions to the courts for penalties. Most of these
appear to have incurred a fine of between 35 and 450 Euro. Only one got
a 15-day disconnection penalty.
Furthermore, Hadopi had other further expenses with the so-called
educational program which involves taking the message into schools and
educational establishments.
So, not only the system has proven inefficient for the declared purpose
of cutting down illegal sharing of copyrighted works, but it also
triggers high expenses from the public money.
The French government intends to incorporate Hadopi within the Conseil
suprieur de l'audiovisuel (CSA) which might cut down some expenses but
which does not entirely eliminate the system.
Hadopi: a blunt example of public money waste (only in
Hadopi turns three  bon anniversaire? (14.10.2013)
HADOPI annual report for 2012-2013
EDRi-gram: The French three strikes system gave up on Internet
disconnection (17.03.2013)
8. Skype is investigated in Luxembourg for its relations to NSA
Skype, owned now by Microsoft, has entered the attention of Gerard
Lommel, Luxembourgs Data Protection Commissioner, as a result of the
documents revealed by Edward Snowden in the PRISM affair.
Gerard Lommel has put Skype under investigation over its possible secret
collaboration with NSA, within PRISM spy programme, and the company
could face criminal and administrative sanctions, including a ban on
passing users' communications to the US intelligence agency.
If the investigation proves Skype has secretly shared personal data with
the NSA, it could also be fined for being in violation of the country's
data-protection laws, as the company has its headquarters in the
European country. Luxembourgs constitution has a strong legislation
protecting the right to privacy and establishing that secrecy of
correspondence as inviolable, except for cases allowed by the law which
says that the surveillance of communications can occur only with
judicial approval or by authorization of a tribunal selected by the
prime minister.
Skype was founded in Scandinavia in 2003 with the purpose to allow
audio, video and chat conversations through an encrypted peer-to-peer
internet connection, which was not routed over a centralised network
like conventional phone calls. Due to its reputation for privacy and
security Skype has started being used by millions of people, including
journalists and activists.
According to the NSA leaked documents, in February 2011, Skype got a
directive to comply with NSA surveillance signed by the US attorney
general. Skype was acquired by Microsoft in May 20111 when it appears
that its relationship with the NSA has intensified.
In a letter obtained by the Guardian, sent to Privacy International in
September 2012, Skype's corporate vice president Mark Gillett suggested
that group video calls and instant messages could be obtained by law
enforcement as they were routed through its central servers and "may be
temporarily stored." Yet, Gillett also stated on another occasion that
audio and one-to-one video calls made by using Skype's "full client" on
computers were encrypted and did not pass through central servers, which
implies that the company could not help authorities intercept them.
"Skype promoted itself as a fantastic tool for secure communications
around the world, but quickly caved to government pressure and can no
longer be trusted to protect user privacy," said Eric King, head of
research at human rights group Privacy International.
Skype told the Guardian that it would not comment upon its compliance
with US surveillance or answer to technical questions about how it turns
over calls to the authorities. It also stated that the world needed "a
more open and public discussion" about the balance between privacy and
security while accusing the US government of opposing it.
"Microsoft believes the US constitution guarantees our freedom to share
more information with the public, yet the government is stopping us,"
said a spokesperson for Skype referring to an ongoing legal case in
which Microsoft is seeking permission to disclose more information about
the number of surveillance requests it receives.
Skype under investigation in Luxembourg over link to NSA (11.10.2013)
Skype faces Luxembourg probe over NSA Prism program  report
9. Recommended Action
Say your views on the Europe & the Internet in a global context
Deadline: 8 November 2013
Internet Governance: I want your views! (9.10.2013)
10. Recommended Reading
MEPs call for suspension of EU-US bank data deal in response to NSA snooping (23.10.2013)
Russia: FSB wants more access to Internet users information (21.10.2013)
Will The Canada-EU Trade Agreement Harm Our Freedoms Online? (20.10.2013)
A Copyright Masquerade - How Corporate Lobbying Threatens Online
Freedoms by Monica Horten (10.2013)
Results of the consultation on Open Research Data
Working Document 02/2013 providing guidance on obtaining consent for
cookies (WP208)
100 questions on surveillance to Polish authorities (10.2013)
11. Agenda
21-27 October 2013, Worldwide
Open Access week
22-25 October 2013, Bali, Indonesia
Internet Governance Forum 2013
24-25 October 2013, Barcelona, Spain
Oxcars and Free Culture Forum 2013
24 October 2013, Ljubljana, Slovenia
The LAPSI 2.0 Conference: The new PSI directive: Whats next?
25-27 October 2013, Siegen, Germany
Cyberpeace - FIfF Annual Meeting 2013
19-20 November 2013, Berlin, Germany
Berlin Open Access Conference: 10th anniversary of the Berlin Declaration
2730 December 2013, Hamburg, Germany
30C3  30th Chaos Communication Congress
22-24 January 2014, Brussels, Belgium
CPDP 2014: Reforming data protection: The Global Perspective
3-5 March 2014, San Francisco, California, USA
RightsCon: Silicon Valley
19-20 March 2014, Athens, Greece
European Data Forum 2014 (EDF2014)
CfP by 10 December 2013
24-25 April 2014, Barcelona, Spain
SSN 2014: Surveillance Ambiguities & Asymmetries
28-29 April 2014, Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom
OER14: building communities of open practice
12. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 35 members based or with offices in 21 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge
and awareness through the EDRi-gram.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips
are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are
visible on the EDRi website.
This EDRi-gram has been published with financial support from the EU's
Fundamental Rights and Citizenship Programme.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRi and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.
