
@_date: 2012-07-01 10:20:56
@_author: Edward Thompson 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Anonymous Publishing Is Dead. 
Dear Anonymous Person,
I have to admit, it was a very interesting read, even though I am not
too sure I agree completely. It seems as if your threat model has
encompassed every single tiny thing that could possibly (theoretically)
go wrong, without much thought given to real-world randomness and
incompetence... so I thought I'd make a few observations.
1. Your use of Tor. If you were to run, say, an instance of TAILS with
tor set up to act as a relay, that would increase your anonymity greatly
(in fact, I have yet to hear of a case where someone running a tor relay
was identified and/or arrested solely based on that fact). If you wanted
to add an additional step, you could run your whole connection through a
good VPN server that allows anon payments (with bitcoin) and doesn't
keep logs, like Mullvad.net, THEN run a tor relay... I'm not saying it'd
be the fastest option imaginable, but it would throw a lot of obstacles
in the way of anyone trying to trace your location.
2. Email. I signed up for mailoo.org through Tor, I believe. But for all
practical purposes, you could easily get a disposable e-mail address
through a Firefox plugin called Bloody Vikings. Otherwise, pretty much
any web mail will do... just war drive and sign up through the first
open wi-fi connection you find ;)
3. Bitcoins. Yes, block chains are not that anonymous, especially
considering the difficulty of buying them legitimately in the first
place. How about a coin mixing service like  Their
methodology is very interesting, and it seems like you'd be able to
'launder' ordinary coins, bought legitimately through an exchange...
There are a few other sites like this one: 4. Do you really need your own dedicated VPS?! And only in developed
Western countries? Have you checked out this list of BTC-friendly
 ?
This guy, for example, will register a wide range of domains, with fees
starting from 1 BTC per year, and you can provide pretty much any e-mail
address you want:  In other words,
it's never in your name... His hosting costs 0.5 BTC/month, though he is
dependant on his provider's T&C...
Anyway, my point is that there are ways to acquire BTC, randomised
enough not to be a concern, after which you can buy all the hosting (and
related) services your heart desires. And if your threat model
encompasses an organisation with vast resources, like the NSA for
example, consider that they haven't yet managed to track down the guys
running the Silk Road drug site ( ;)
That's my 0.001 BTC worth :)
 si
 su
 an
 he
 t tor-talk mailing list
