
@_date: 2005-01-20 12:23:45
@_author: "MR EDWARD LUCAS" 
@_subject: Reply soon!!! 
MR EDWARD LUCAS
BANK OF AFRICA PLC.
Email: edlucas
Tel:  +221-525 1855
I know this email will reach you as a surprise, but need not to worry as i am using the only secured and confidential medium available to seek for foreign assistance in a business.
  I am MR EDWARD LUCAS from the BANK OF AFRICA. PLC, DAKAR-SENEGAL.Branch.   This business request may seem strange, but I crave your indulgence and pray you view it seriously as I am convinced that you would be capable to provide me with a solution to a money transfer.
  On June 6, 1999, an  Oil consultant/contractor from your country with a Petroleum Corporation, Mr.Robert Rice  made a numbered  time (fixed) deposit for twelve calendar months,
valued at US$26,500,000.00(Twenty six Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars )in  my branch upon maturity. I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.
  After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers, the  Petroleum Corporation that  Mr.Robert Rice and his wife died in the plane crash On October 31, 1999, (an  Egyptair Boeing 767 Flight 990) with other passengers on board as you can  confirm it yourself via the website below:   On further investigation, I found out that he died without making a Will and attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that  Mr.Robert Rice did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents, including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank. This sum of US$26,500,000.00 and the interest is being rolled over with the  principal sum at the end of each year. No one will ever come forward to claim it according to African law, at the expiration of (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Senegal Government if nobody  applies to claim the fund.
  Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to Mr.Robert Rice and claim this funds  so that the fruit of this old man's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt Government officials. This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full name and address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits which will put you in place as the next of  kin.We shall employ the service of an attorney for the drafting and notarization of the Will and obtain the necessary documents and letter  of probate administration in your favour for the transfer.
  Any bank account in any part of the world which you will provide will  then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.The money will be paid into your account for us to share in ratio of  60% for me and 30% for you and 10 % will  be set aside for expenses  incured during the business . There is no risk at all;
the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please reply immediately via the private email address below, upon your responses, I shall provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction.
   Please observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this  transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country.
  Please upon the receipt of this mail message, send to me the following  to enable me start the processing of the fund transfer:
   1.) Your full name and address.
   2.) Your private / official telephone and fax number.
Awaiting your Urgent Reply via my private email:edlucas /  or call me on my private telephone number: +221-5251855
Thanks and God bless,
MR EDWARD LUCAS
BANK OF AFRICA PLC.
Email: edlucas
Tel:  +221-525 1855
