
@_date: 2004-10-30 11:30:15
@_author: "Valenda Healy" 
@_subject: Call me - Urgent.  it is right here waiting for you            bp 
[                                                                      Priority: Normal                                                                     ]
Content-Encoding: bitbitNUM
Connecting People
 has arrived with more financial opportunities than ever before. Forget everything else that you have ever seen in the past because you are about to discover an Honest and Proven way to earn Serious Money from home. You don't have to work 40 to 60 hours a week for 40 years all to make someone else wealthy. We have a better way!  in creating immediate wealth? Are you interested in creating long term cash flow? Our business has successfully developed  Five & Six Figure Income Earners. Are you interested in improving the Quality of your Life? Do you currently have the home, the car, the life style that you deserve? If not, then make the decision right now to Take Action and Believe that you can truly turn your dreams into reality by following a proven system.  Our team of successful entrepreneurs can show you personally how to generate anywhere from $2,000 to $10,000+ per month with in the next 12 to 24 months!  about this incredible life changing opportunity, please complete the form that is supplied for you in the lin!
 k below. The information is of NO COST to you! We are looking only for those individuals who are extremely serious about making a positive change in their life immediately. The most motivated responses will be contacted first. TAKE ACTION NOW!  "You have everything to gain, and nothing to lose, Don't leave this site without getting the Valuable Information YOU Deserve!"
This advertisement has been brought to you by
Connecting People
Valenda Bartosh
24827 San Fernando Rd.
Santa Clarita, Ca. 91321
Safe Unsubscribe
 intimate patty chantry vicinal motet calm einstein contrition  coagulable berman original venom valedictorian andersen admiration slow  depositary cheryl blueprint sawtimber lambert doolittle millie cerulean  penurious temporal johanson principia mongoose scarecrow cowry construct  dalton embank are mycenae crypt progression bromley ecuador  exorcism ligament tv aggression wingspan crave collinear coworker  basic carib detain liberate nautilus sa borealis putt  buttery frieze clapeyron christy dissuade hildebrand layman cornea  deportee breakup cryptic morale bristle crass canberra scenery  scrooge olympia capitol megabit abstain pigment knife complicate  sylvan arturo treason circumscribe fickle spray animal potable  assiduous archdiocese numeric magnum didactic lattice tomography ernestine  chancy orphic less firmware merchandise true banbury gage  tollgate abner blonde childbirth dogmatism cadre bainite mad  alistair strain abound chromatin jose advice houseboat stroke  bugeyed depository almagest reindeer cream irruption rhombic langley
