
@_date: 2013-09-28 05:50:07
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [paraCrypto] ex.errata 
for crypto model...
     individual <--- [x] ----> individual
 where x is medium, such as one-time pad or computers, whereby:
    individual <--- machine --{crypto}-- machine ---> individual
 to a potential artificial intelligence context of machine borne crypto...
   A.I. machine <--- {crypto} ---> A.I. machine
 computers themselves developing secrets, privacy, securing POV.
   individual <--- A.I. machine <--{crypto}--> hidden attacker
 perhaps zoning humans out of machines, parasite/host relations
 x0

@_date: 2013-09-26 18:32:56
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: sneakernet calculation 
interesting... (seems related to direct crypto messaging rather than
 encoding audiovisual file types and transport encryption issues) and
 thus: a billion people who want to exchange digital text files (~1 kB).
 in a FedEx approach to transport of physical media, this is assumed
 to involve 1 billion separate "harddrives" or other disks for digital files
 that are going to move from one location or user to another, elsewhere
 so a billion 'packets' that need to be packaged in FedEx folders, have
 addressing and routing information attached, though firstly removed
 from equipment and then lastly reinstalled in other remote equipment
 to complete the data exchange.
 could a billion people feasibly call FedEx up today and go through
 this process of taking drives out, etc., and have the packages arrive
 ("today" in analogous terms, though 'next-day' is the gimme here)
 where the delivery is successful, no hardware failures that require
 automatic resends- likely instantaneous for packet-switch though
 for courier this could be a week span or more, to figure issues out.
 so out of the blue, a billion packets injected into the delivery stream
 of FedEx to arrive same-day or next-day, successful, to another
 billion addresses else some large majority (some packages go
 to the same address etc. and congestion/traffic issues with that,
 in that there may be a limit to what local resources are available).
 i would assume -no- this could not occur without denial of service
 or delay within routing or existing delivery schedules, and likely is
 beyond the daily tolerance level within the given bandwidth available,
 and to do this day after day would crash the FedEx delivery system
 perhaps because it is not designed or capable for 'data' delivery in
 the sense it may be unique from 'material' delivery of physical stuff
 versus used as a communication system for relaying messages
 (understandably this correlates with list messaging likewise)

@_date: 2013-09-26 01:03:23
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet (2) 
forgot to mention as referenced, the role of music as a form of
 cultural communication with potentially secret dimensions
 this whether classical, with entire societies networked around
 a given aesthetic hub or node, else within traditions themselves
 of various society's and the institutions these can become or the
 universalization of rock & roll music and the 'rock concert' as a
 seeming height of 20th century western popular culture, tied into
 mass media and media archives and vast shared communication,
 to include role of drug culture and consciousness and politics,
 including counterculture agenda, and role of trends and fashion
 that align with this as a form of monocultural megadevelopment
 who knows, perhaps those strobe and laser light displays are
 outputting more data, or a guitar solo is a data transmission
 on some other level, as carrier wave for hidden signaling. it
 seems for deadheads, for instance, acid may open up their
 experience of the music that otherwise may be intolerable
 and likewise maybe there are lissajous figures spinning in
 skulls as the result of entrainment of populations via these
 mind and brain-washing techniques of neurology brought
 into the context of mass music and its technical devices,
 so to program populations without their even knowing it.
 in this way 'communications science and engineering'
 may have more to do with signaling in music or as a
 means for programming behavior, than the music itself,
 if taken in a covert context. add sex, drugs, popularity
 and money and group-behavior and you got a platform
 to exploit and run against others in their own channels,
 (though it could tend towards baseness, bottom feeding
 and constitute a dumb-system by comparison to others)
 speculation of course. just like that wireless speaker is
 in no way connected to a retail dual-use spying agenda

@_date: 2013-09-21 19:41:55
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [7] code constellations 
--- intro ---
observation based on the assumption that everything is code, to some degree
or other. in this, that everything that can be is mapped into language
systems and mathematical context, and that there is an outer boundary or
edge of description, rationalization, where questions and ideas meet,
beyond pre-existing answers and ideologies- new data or anomalies that
break the worldview, reigning perspective, or shared context.
code is thus not just an invention from punchcard looms for algorithms of
calculation and thus only in its binary format legitimate, nor is crypto so
limited to only be an issue of silicon hardware/software tools for
conveying hidden or secure messaging. metaphor to semaphore as language
itself flips its bits.
quilts an example of stories embedded within a particular structural
system, telling of events and people within an abstracted language
requiring 'increased awareness' or  'new literacy' to decode. patterns-
modular constructions, repeated and unique, style as it relates to
substance and the symbolic- likely a more pure form of communication than
buggy computer code as a basis for the same, seemingly even more secure if
the connection is hidden and inaccessible to the unknowing, except shared
key quilters.
atmosphere created and sustained this way as consciousness, shared
understanding and awareness and value and systems of communication,
association and correlation, and grounding of ideas within the realm of
objects, ideas made tangible via the material and yet not cold and detached
and themselves hidden, and instead upfront, aesthetic creations asking to
be looked at, reviewed, evaluated, inspected, and maybe perhaps you could
also begin to read and understand the stories they are carrying within.
pattern recognition, in this way, though into deeper interpretation than
soup can label equals soup can label, the realm of nuance and
juxtaposition, advanced dynamics of association, frameworks, scaffolding,
structures built to convey such messaging.
in this way, so too flower arranging. decentralized and distributed code
networks, perimeters of dynamic interrelations, flowers appearing at events
as symbolic subtext to mediate exchange or secure and enhance a shared zone
via their given aesthetics. these, wide ranging and as deep as nature and
its understanding. the gear-like flower evoking perhaps a mechanization,
the colors their own language mapping the world and its social dynamics,
love, friendship, drama and danger, specific patterns telling stories birth
to death, celebration to impending doom. sunrises and sunsets, the moon and
birth of stars, and of music in their visual and fragrant ethereal delight,
the reminder of what is missing in the technological assemblage, detached
from nature, by comparison a vase of sensors and LED candlelight fail to
warm the heart, imagination.
and thus the floral arrangement as form of secure communication, for
someone to not know of this realm of cultural literacy, to miss the icepick
flower amidst others, while those who see it know what is arriving next.
and thus of limits and bounds to observation, as crayon-like simplicities
exist for awareness by the uninitiated, especially those without
appreciation for natural aesthetics and their language- and the lost
intelligence that results from this, which itself can be a security threat
if not able to read the signs, especially as they may occupy one's
particular world.
in this way the code of flowers can be a highly developed skill and
awareness, a means to establish secure communication and remote connections
at a distance, even if relayed or in the presence of others, given a shared
framework for interpretation. and so some observers may be effectively
blind to the hidden content or code within, and incapable of reading the
details or structures involved,which could be patterns on the flowers
themselves, the different types of leaves or various plant forms, as these
combine into larger relational structures that can mirror the surrounding
world and provide insight via this correlation and alignment, if developed
as a practice. for some it may never go beyond the color for roses as a
mapping of social protocol, a symbolic and perhaps hollow expectation,
turned into a commodity. another thing. whereas for others this depth and
detail could be as large as nature to consider and communicate within, and
thus not only for the florist, the botanist and those who study and relate
and exchange ideas in these domains, this knowledge enabling code
similarly, across structural systems of empirical observation, this as
in this way the disciplines, archaeology to zoology, mechanics to small
businesses of a particular domain, hidden communications through the
symbolism involved in shared frameworks and exchange. at some point,
perhaps, additional messages carried along the carrier waves of these
shared structures and assumptions, rightly or wrongly.
the limit to this or conundrum seemingly being insight, or lack thereof and
instead a rote presumption of some bounded meaning that never goes into or
beyond the ordinary and thus in some sense dead ideas or ideological
dispositions to the same domain. this is the danger of rationalization,
deciding upon or fixing a perspective that may become rigid and
unquestioning, a regime of interpretation that may bound further inquiry,
improvement, and development beyond some prevailing condition. and in this
a lack of insight if not due to lack of reflection or self-awareness could
occur that instills and requires this incapacitation as a normality, as a
mode of existence. whereby things are only what they are, nothing else
beyond the given point of view. it could be the difference between ideas
which are alive and those that are dead.
consider birdwatching where some may observe birds to check off a
particular type of bird from their most-wanted observational list and those
who may observe birds in their backyard or in the park and consider their
existence and enjoy their presence. if birdwatching was just a
pattern-matching exercise the larger issues of birds such as their role as
mobile sensors of environment health and a diagnostic for changing
ecosystem patterns could be detached from this, and thus only the checkmark
matters and amounts to a leisure activity without greater insight into what
is actually being observed. whereas if birding data is fed into larger
databases by bird watchers or others who monitor habitats, that can help
build maintain and adjust models to help account for present and future
ecological dynamics, which can relate to policy if it were a value in
civilizational development, versus a footnote without a feedback loop
enough to actually alter the dynamics, due to development patterns having
turned the entire realm of wildlife into compartmentalized zoos, emptied of
larger species of wildlife, the state parks now held within zones of
unending suburbanization. those who can see and understand what it means
when there are no robins singing in spring may then understand the
signaling of nature in regards to its pattern language, or as with clouds
and weather, connect with this natural knowledge and as others likewise,
relate in a shared awareness and domain with regard to its meaning,
in this way, the pileated woodpecker may signify something and in its
mystery, in sighting or observing it, there can be insight to find it in a
location that it has never been seen or known to exist. and likewise, a
card sent in the mail of a bird or wildlife scene may similarly evoke such
messaging, for the initiated. this is the realm of the symbolic and reliant
on shared awareness and understanding, else to simply evoke something
intangible that may never be understood in its depth for those without such
literacy, and therefore remain in a realm of mystery, missed connection or
a subtext that is inaccessible, though perhaps through another observer
this same event will find its grounding via secure connection. the
importance of boundaries and thresholds, and how bias skew and distortion
could create barriers to interpretation because some event is *unlike* and
thus may remain unobserved in its dimensionality where such meaning may be
encoded, if not encrypted, and this could be of a natural realm, nature
itself, or guided by human involvement and shaping of perception, as with
cards or arrangements or research developing and sharing perspectives.
though as information itself, whatever its substance, it would appear to
exist as knowledge that functions as code, has programmatic qualities and
degrees of comprehension that can lead from genetics and throughout the
chemical and biological sciences outward, to ecosystems and habits and
society and customs and rituals, and thus anthropology and onward, to the
mundane everyday that in itself can be extraordinary, simply in sitting in
a park or on the steps of a dwelling and to have such empirical encounters
that may be developed or accessed or communicate in such a realm, here nor
there in the context of technological civilization and yet primary to the
heart, connection with others, and another way of saying and sharing and
conveying vital information, ideas, shared awareness. and in this, a
weather report or gorgeous looping radar image could itself as language, as
a symbolic code, function as if a type of poetry via its visualization of
this ineffable other realm - such that, in its aesthetics, perhaps it is of
much greater value to have a 'painting' of such imagery looping within a
digital frame as a painting that a copy of a copy of impressionist works
centuries previous, as if most telling about what is beyond the door, lived
context. this then of representation, also. as signs align and correlate
with experiences. and the value of awareness, the meaning involved in these
events, their role as shared and unshared code. what are the domains of
this programmatic language and mathematics that you inhabit, like and
unlike others. what domains does this extra-communicative activity take
place. is it within hobbies or passions that make you unique, and how does
your depth of interest relate or bound you from others- what does it open
up in connection and allow for in terms of secure exchange and what does it
close down by its misalignment or lack of connection due to boundaries of
self and-or others?
again, literacy seems all-critical, and in this the issue of sparking or
developing that vital interest that opens up the fascination these
discoveries and revelations can have within a life. the oft told story of
young boys (and occasionally girls) whose fathers' taught them how to take
things apart or worked on electronics kits, many times engineers and many
with electronics backgrounds. whereas for others, the children may grow up
inept, and with no such skills, perhaps as their parents did not have this
same affordance either, thus impacting generation after generation in turn.
graffiti is another area of code consideration, especially in terms of its
ambiguity and potential difficulty in reading or deciphering for the
uninitiated or outsiders, whether via colors or various styles or the
meaning involved, though at the level of the alphabetic- the prevalence in
the "superposition" of multiple potential letters at the same time, within
the same word, to shift meaning via small details that can create out of
one word fragment, sentence-like constructions. this is a remarkable skill
and insight into the code of communicating and is an advanced approach to
that communication keyboard reliant, bounded in any such ambiguitization at
the scale of the letter itself, the typo occurring only by substitution
digitally, tnis, though perhaps it is a similar idea with an additional
typographic element, custom fonts allowing more to occur in the graphic
and it should be said, as part of this hidden communication context and of
code, that the cryptic writing oftentimes found on the back of streetsigns
offers yet another potential application of crypto code in the everyday
environment, no computers needed to observe yet without shared library or
literacy, likely impenetrable for meaning. though rumored -these
instructions- related to black helicopter society and direction for covert
civilization who may key in and out of these infrastructural subtexts,
markers as if waypoints, all signs eventually pointing to armageddon, this
--- on color coding ---
here, the sociological and cultural. 'whites' and 'blacks' as racial
identities and how much data and bias can be formatted into worldviews and
nuanced into structures relied upon by group identities. this then ranging
perhaps to context of rainbow as cryptic evaluation of the varying hues,
part of a larger shared spectral condition. and how beliefs, ideas,
philosophies can exist according to these frameworks. it could be more
complex or involved than color alone, and thus issues of boundaries,
rationalizations, and limited interpretations, as this relates to issues of
literacy and shared awareness and 'reasoning'. here again the binary is
most dangerous, to over simplify and then roughcut reality to only a
limited if self-biased viewpoint.
the role of depth in this, what is true is true, and getting or accessing
this truth versus trying to control and maintain some limited version of it
which best suits a partial idea, protecting that 'fragment' in place of the
larger whole and in doing so sacrificing the truth to sustain the larger
structural falsity as if this truth. and thus ungrounded observations often
seek to keep truth out to sustain a flawed POV and protect a version of
events, yet this is very shallow and cannot be sustained beyond the finite
limit, and itself bounds awareness to only what is inside that threshold.
whereas in a feedback based, error-correcting observation of a surrounding
context, the involved 'ecological dynamics' must be related to via accurate
modeling of truth and thus ideas models hypotheses must be able to include
truth of these dynamics and not seek to limit it via rationalization based
on some partiality, as if the whole. terrible language this though like
history, to fold into it humanity and women and not account for these
dynamics then establishes structural distortions, lies even, to uphold and
sustain a given false framework and unshared point of view.
and yet likewise, to seek to include the larger ecological dynamics of
female being the counterpoint within the same private limitation of
feminism establishes its own biases and repeats the structuralization
reliant upon the false perspective, in so far as larger truth is edited out
of the shared human relations, whereby again there is no public beyond that
of private wo|man and it becomes an issue of picking sides. nothing like
having a contest between men and women for the place of representing the
whole of humanity. it just does not make any sense, unless in a binary
framework that legitimates it as an ideology, a tradeoff canceling the
other reality, substituting it for a new one that shares and relies upon
the same structural defects, as origin. thus 'bias' is transformed into a
"right" and people can choose their own reality and this becomes a
political process born of inadequate constitutional code that fosters this
kind of programming that functions against humans and our shared awareness.
this, my view, is likely flawed though offered as an interpretation of
events and seeks to provide context for something that is formatting these
relations and the way they are communicated by others means. certainly
women themselves have developed their own ways of hidden communication and
language, though the further it has become ideological the more fragmented
the 'whole' view has been, where consensus is not an issue only of sex or
gender as a class, because there can be low resolution from any view as to
how it relates to a larger life, beyond a finite issue, as they combine
into a life involving others, including in some cases, the antithesis (if
not men).
for sake of madness if not sanity let us just imagine that the entire world
is run by men and even the domain of women is controlled by men, in some
place more readily yet even in unexpected realms like fashion, to the point
that androgyny tends towards the transvestite as the biased model for the
'shared aesthetics' of women, exhibiting a passive-aggressive hatred yet
viable substitute, where female beauty is replaced by an army of manmade
mannequins that have a male-friendly agenda, as an exploit even of the
sexual domain, a conquering and annihilation of female beauty and its
profanation such that her beauty cannot be allowed to exist without being
subverted, spoiled, used against her, just like corrupt crypto- buying into
it destroys the very idea, and this by design. and so what of an ideology
that could promote such a hidden agenda, what kind of cause would be
involved in using the sign and image of women and female beauty against
herself and also against the men who love her, making repugnant the
fascination and devotion by substituting it for something else (A=B),
therefore amplifying perhaps the ambiguity and confusion and turning
towards another approach, which tends towards the male-male dynamic as it
contains both the male (anima) and the female (animus) between males as a
bounded shared relation and awareness. In this way, the actual female is
removed from the male relation and replaced by another male who takes on
the female dimension, and such programming is used to control sexual
dynamics within the subset of males, such that the basis for relations
   males (female+male)
And likewise, for the other side of this divide, female relations:
   females (male+female)
This in terms of set(subset) relations, whereby male-female & male-male
would be the mating context, and female-male & female-female, in terms of a
sex/gender divide. A lot more to it than this, including adding in
dimensions of patriarchy and matriarchy and also God|desses, as these may
map into both realms simultaneously. And also the psychological basis for
these dynamics in their normality (female psyche of males = anima, male
psyche of females = animus) which is a vital part of the human maturation
process, whereby an adult is balanced in both their male and female aspects
and not seeking to retain only one-sidedness, which can lead to great
interrelation problems including abuse and suffering. The ideal relation of
this subtext code of being then being a 'human female' and 'human male' who
each have their own anima/animus issues that balance across the total
shared circuit of being, and this as a traditional basis for relations and
the wealth of developing long-term relation via marriage.
   male (anima) & female (animus)
or in other words, the totality of each person...
   male (masculine+feminine) & female (masculine+feminine)
And for each person this weighting could be different, some males may be
more feminine in certain dimensions than others, though more masculine in
certain areas, and likewise women may be more feminine or masculine
attributes, and this would need to be complimentary and balance across the
relations, which is psychological yet also social, which leads to belief
that opposites can actually be very complimentary as the circuitry can have
a full range across all the various potential dynamics.
the point of this being that there are issues of awareness involved in
identity, shared and unshared, and this especially so in terms of sexuality
and gender as it relates to a preexisting biased condition of state and
civilizational development that polarizes if not penalizes and makes
impossible grounded relations between males and females in a way that
'benefits both' and instead via binary relations could become an issue of
~one must lose for another to gain, this a structural condition an thus
destruction of family units and marriages because the foundation of
relations is such that "one person's rights take away another person's
equal rights". and thus an implicit form of submission is involved, both
culturally yet also personally in that to span the sexual and gender
dynamics can lead to normalizing this skew, structures thus reliant on
warping and distortion to maintain 'shared reality' that is actually
unshared and occurs by other means via subset dynamics (intra-woman,
intra-men) as this continues to divide and subdivide until there are no
relations anymore, else they become encrypted and only remote connections
are possible, feasible, because the exploitation and total control is so
complete, so annihilating, that there is no room anymore for love or
grounded passion or connection or shared insight, basically outlawed or
made illegal by the standing mediocrity that rules via this corruption.
and then there is a voice that arises, a shared perspective mapped into the
feminine, Code Pink within a mass mediated landscape that seemingly
represents something of this condition, a counterpoint that just makes
sense as a perspective- a viewpoint that is not confined within the
mainstream view if not due to disenfranchisement as part of a reasoning
process beyond that of private viewpoints- which has a public dimension,
and that males and females can relate to or through via its symbology. it
is as if a secret communication is given voice to say what is thought yet
otherwise not heard, or breaks into consciousness what already exists
within daily flows of relations and yet is silenced via these same
environments, specifically via bias and the role of female imagination and
action being removed from most every domain as having value and worth and
importantly- insight, and knowledge of what is going on. this, the conceit
of male perspective as primary and also superior in awareness, not
accounting for limitations or skew and thus choosing errors over their
correction if the feedback loop is broken or unobserved via power
relations, which is normalized. the burka of ideology forced onto the minds
of women as a means of controlling the state and the 'men' who require this
in order to have their stations, virtually.
--- crypto currency ---
this may be an impossible point to make. it involves the disconnect between
males and females as a structural necessity of the broken code of state and
its effect on these same relations in terms of how they are formatted and
within what frameworks, most especially the context of money- whereby to
survive people have to make decisions that can correlate with choosing
money versus love, say, as a path to existence. and thus 'those who love'
yet are without money, may be without female companionship and connections
while 'those with money who do not love' may have female companionship.
and it is assumed for those literate, that the males and females in these
situations are cognizant of their own conditions and decision-making and
trade-offs involved. and so it is not ignorance and instead perhaps
necessity, that females of interest are oftentimes with males essentially
most concerned with themselves, firstly. while other males who serve women
in their lives and actions may be living without them, though through their
devotion and service seek to reestablish the lost connection.
and this can be as fundamental as truth itself. truth of female existence
both in its existence context, the legitimacy of feminism in a context of
history, and associated politics and policies as a difficult terrain
required to obtain basic changes to the structures that oppress and limit
by default, though also of accompanying bias and distortions resulting from
any such interactions at the level of society, breakage occurring as the
gears are out of alignment across the totality of state and thus
demystifying and making regular the female role as that of another
constituent in a competing marketplace, as if him or her or me in any
instance of the individual and the public prerogative, who gets to speak in
this instance and in what frameworks.
in this way, in all honesty it becomes quite clear: women can be incredibly
shallow, selfish, and exploit dynamics mainly for their benefit and
self-serving viewpoints, and thus error-reliant perspectives and limited
interpretations can lead to classic dynamics that devolve unshared
relations- and this becomes "discourse" on television as wave after wave of
dysfunctional male and female dramas play out on the stage, cheating,
vanity, sexual subversion, physical violence and psychological abuse. as if
the television wasteland is the inner mind and what inhabits the deep
hidden recesses of the unknown, locally, yet as a sign becomes a reference
for given encounters. and thus the empirical aspect of the totality and its
partial relation and interaction. just like the bad man, the evil woman who
may seek to do harm or exploit others. and perhaps this has some relation
to programming, hidden code, reading signs, literacy. just the fact that it
can be acknowledged, perhaps the 'fall of woman' into a state of disgrace
even, as an archetypal form that cannot be allowed to exist anymore in the
corrupted society and thus she is represented by this deterioration
instead. as if 'the symbol' of woman has become her antithesis, by default
of a corrupt state.
this involving a corrupted state of being, likewise, for humans in this
context. the fracturing of higher self into lower realms of malfunctioning,
merely to survive. and thus as context, the opposite of ideal:
   broken male <--> broken female
perhaps disillusionment with reality itself, lack of choices or better
options or an incapacitation due to circumstance or unknowing, and then to
look across into the life of another and yet still bridge the gap via
shared understanding, beyond words. that the life still resides within,
there is a shared key between them, and despite everything in surrounding
structures that holds them apart, if the love is there and recognized - the
shared truth of the encounter and connection between them - then perhaps
there is still hope that their relations survives its destruction.
in the profane context, the same dynamic could occur in some sense in terms
of prostitution, whereby a secure exchange could be brokered between the
two via a structural agreement that establishes their relation, mediated by
money, allowing access and connection. and yet it would seem in most cases
pseudo-truth (pT) would be the basis for exchange and that this connection
is occurring in an unshared context more likely by default, or the
circuitry is misaligned in terms of a whole relation as it relates to the
emotional bond between beings. and so in some sense the male may be limited
and remain in their own interiority, albeit externalized via relation with
another, and the female could retain herself within her own boundary,
versus having these dimensions harmonized across a total circuit as happens
in a grounded relation that develops over time, and thus each person can
improve as part of this relation, involving shared commitment though
importantly: concern for the others well being not just in the framework of
the self though also in their framework, to want what is best for the
person and not seek to limit or control it to support only the self.
what is hypothesized is that for a male that is grounded in relation to
female consciousness and truly loves women, that even without "money" a
currency may exist in this as a shared truth that could be recognized by a
woman, and for this example it is to retain the context of a prostitute as
a dynamic range such a connection could exist within, of male whose work
may seek to support the human connection and her freedom to develop as an
individual, and a woman who may recognize the love this involves yet
without the money to access or share this secret connection with her.
and thus it is proposed that if this shared truth was recognized, and a
particular form of key exchange occurred, that this same situation could be
transformed by the transformation of this context of relation, whereby
human intimacy could develop via this shared currency of truth, the shared
idea, the belief and value, and in turn this could become sacred
prostitution by comparison, a real connection between these people that
involves shared keys, encrypted communication, shared awareness and
grounded relation that verifies the connection. thereby neutralizing
exploitation that could be inherent and allowing a new realm of connection
based on this shared truth and service and connection, devotion and work
and allegiance.
it is to suggest that perhaps it is in the color of clothing in relation to
another sign that this communication will occur, or perception of flowers
of nature as the realities align, and in this way the aesthetic
communication and its basis in life and love have within them this mystery
and secret that carries a connection that otherwise may seem absent or
entirely profane, and yet the yearning undying heart continues its work and
she knows this, and thus it may be an issue of communication and the
ability to relate in these terms, not as expectation, yet realization that
there may be other dimensionality that is possible, given the right
again, like equals in some domains, shared connection or understanding or
atmosphere that correlates in special moments, this another realm of
patterns, shared identity, value, principles, purpose, respect of other
views and gaining understanding and knowledge likewise. in this implicit
connection, what is shared is truth, what is secured is truth, what is
grounded is truth between them.
(that she knows you respect her, what you are doing is for her, that you
care for her... that you are not trying to game and exploit her.
peer-relation. human. and then perhaps, the hope of balance, the larger
truth of this relation between you. such that she too may desire to secure
the shared reality and support the males best for her.)
in this way, erotic truth in a context of code and logical reasoning. its
role in key exchange, encrypted relations, programming, hidden
infrastructures. and of pattern recognition and its relation to ideas,
behaviors, and social relations including onesided ideologies, structures
and frameworks based on error-reliant biased code.
this proposal then for the currency of erotic truth as a basis for
crypto.sex relations, if thoughts and feelings similarly aligned, verified,
exchange made accessible via shared agreement, within the defined
parameters of relation.
(in most all cases it would be up to her to initiate the potential for
intimacy, secretly indicating willingness to relate within shared
dimensions via pattern-based communications. are you aware of the codes she
communicates within... the aesthetic domain where her insight is supreme,
and where truth indeed aligns with beauty)

@_date: 2013-09-18 06:32:47
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [6] crypto state 
--- overview ---
the application of [crypto] appears to occupy a dual realm, spanning both
the need for /secrecy/ and the need for /security/, which it is assumed may
require different approaches in how in its design and functioning, and the
'systems' may operate within different parameters- say a secure facility
with employee IDs that involves managing secrets, versus an SSL exchange
using a web browser to search google.
It would seem to an outsider, unknowing actual parameters involved, that
some technology functions more as a secure mode and others as a secret or
hidden mode, and that this may be different in that data may be readily
accessible or known at endpoints or throughout an infrastructure whereas in
another this could be so tightly controlled as to involve almost personal
secret-keeping between those who access purposefully hidden 'information'
that must be kept contained, out of existing channels, or activated in a
different realm or zone of operation, say peer to peer with another who
also shares the secret yet not communicating about what it is, yet in
having access to the knowledge it recontexualizes shared observation and in
some sense could function as if a shared key has been passed and a secret
corridor or psychic tunnel or 'secret network' exists as a result of those
who know what is /unknown/ versus those who remaining unknowing what this
could be in the infinity of potential particular views of any given event
or idea or truth.
whereas accessing a webpage with some anonymity in the data transmission
may involve a largely known exchange, excepting for those on the outside of
the shared infrastructural connection; and so it is more a data security
approach versus centered or focused on /secrets/.
thus for different observers, the question of the Crypto State could tend
more towards the maintenance and ethics and implementation of an approach
to manage protect and exploit [secrets], which could be government and spy
agency focused on its internal and peer state connections, whereas for
another population, the citizenry, the issue of crypto could function most
in a context of [security], as if a realm delineating a lawful boundary or
property line that is potentially protected by law, and possibly is most
focused in the business, legal, and institutional realm. this is a basic
hypothesis so those who actually know this situation could model it in a
more accurate framework, whatever it may be, between security and secrecy.
i do not believe that an issue like state surveillance can be disconnected
from its actual deeper purpose, which few more know of or by NDA be unable
to communicate to others and thus an issue of faith in its mission can be
evaluated either in aligning with a patriotic ideology, which is incredibly
dangerous if checks and balances are gone from government accountability,
or in an accurate modeling of the truth of the situation and the framework
events are occurring within- that is, context.
everyone knows that lawlessness exists in the realm of corporate use of
private data to make money, either through data mining or private
surveillance, just look at the aggressive panhandling via advertisements on
every webpage, as if billboards have their own AI agenda as spore lifeforms
and are trying to secure their future against competing words and ideas
that they seek to distract from and cover or automatically play video or
audio and use up network data streams as constant 'junk data' and yet it is
citizens who are paying for this malfeasance, businesses and unscrupulous
money makers exploiting the common realm to extract as much profit as
possible at the loss of even readability in a majority of scenarios. and
there is no *legal issue* with this kind of deterioration of what could in
some sense be a public space in some sense that has been overtaken by a
private negligence, selfishness, and greed that defaces and devalues it.
perhaps this is a shared business model and yet it is also rotten, and so
like driving through a wasteland of a ruined environment, the webpages and
internet is like seeing broken buildings using a broken vehicle, driving on
broken roads and thoroughfares, with collapsed and dilapidated structures
and a giant signs HUMANS ARE THE ENEMY everywhere you look and turn,
mocking people with the brazen disregard for sensibility, honesty,
everything in your face and hateful, tending towards the worst content and
worst innuendo, and this is normalized as the shared realm of public and
private exchange, online.
and in that context people and mass media and states are communicating
about what presidents say, about wars and war making and terrorism, and
about poverty and illness and disease and the inability of society to meet
its needs while others sit at the top of this giant heap of societal dung
and count their money earned by selling the broken society to begin with.
so the first observation is that the state is fucked. completely utterly
and irreversibly fucked. its core code is rotten and the effects of this
are everywhere, including in peoples mindsets and decision-making that is
born of this ideology, reinforcing the binary perspective from previous
generations that has become an an error-reliant inaccurate biased POV that
is allowing this exploitation to continue under the shield of "legalese",
yet which itself is ungrounded and turns the signage of language into truth
and thus internalizes the world within a private communication about it
where this communication becomes the truth, via language that can control
and overpower another perspective, not via honest evaluation of truth. thus
language games in place of actual justice, and this normalized, 'codified'.
businesses themselves hiding behind this code, lawyers by their side, to
allow any kind of extractive process of data or money to occur, no
liability yet allowing swindles cheating and corporate and institutional
theft to be legalized, without public benefit even, and citizens data and
material existence then become natural resources to be exploited, further
extracting every last available bit for someone else to profit from, while
they see nothing in return except choices of skinnerian behaviorism, lives
becoming mouse mazes, the less money you start with the sooner trapped and
the whole society about siphoning off goods and resources, winnowing the
few who proceed upward, stopping the rest in the lower middle class, and
then breaking down people and pushing them further and further until at the
bottom of society in unrecoverable circumstances, the societal trap door of
poverty enforced as part of an ideological agenda, religious belief needing
the failures to be the immoral castigated many who justify the superiority
of everyone above- yet it is the result of gaming the state and its
collapse in a pyramid scheme that enslaves the many to prop up the false
perspective benefiting the very few who actually believe all the B.S.
because it most benefits them, as if some kind of twisted utopia for
psychos who are unconcerned about others beyond their private boundaries.
if you consider [crypto] in this economic, political, social context,
actually the broken cryptographic systems actually massively benefit this
exploitative scheme entirely at every level, both as secrets and security.
it provides an impenetrable wall of ideology that, alongside the Binary
Crypto Regime, allows a type of reinforced inevitability of the solution,
*if only you could do the math you would realize how great all this is*.
and so double/triple schemes this may be so, never underestimate humanity,
yet for those uninitiated it is hellishly terrifying, especially the closer
you are to the bottom where these dynamics grind down the lowest layers and
push people prematurely into caskets or have no ethics in discriminating
against those unlike, who have no protection against exploitation and even
violence against them, yet viewed seemingly as the greatest threat because
they are using resources that belong to others, as if only takers en total.
what is also most evident is the role of neurolinguistic programming (NLP)
in federal, state, corporate, educational and institutional contexts to use
'brute force language' to engineer a particular kind of next iteration, as
if this one-way language manipulation has replaced shared reasoning, due to
the loss of empirical truth and its accounting, and an unrestricted triumph
of relativism and its authoritarian agenda of administering the next wave
of the self-same ideology, yet with their own people, no more charade with
mr. and mrs. nice anymore. its just their people now, The State, Inc.-
whether it is business, government, education, health care, community.
how do things get this fucked up unless that is what you're aiming for? and
this in this way it is truly MASTERFUL. brilliant. the art of the state.
so in this context there is an issue like /taxes/ that when the state began
had to be figured out from a condition of injustice and revolt which led to
a new independent society and democratic form of governance. feedback-based
in principle. and then over centuries this short-circuited due to limits in
the code and its interpretations, say equal rights for women, then citizens
and various other fracturings from a once shared POV of private men that
were assumed to be 'the public', that is, within western european history,
and over time these conditions changed and yet the underlying code did not
that led to contradictions and even INVERSIONS that could force breakdowns
of the same society via exploits and hacks that challenged the processing
and upon Supreme Court or other legal review, flip bits somewhere and the
larger situation was transformed for everyone, changed by smaller events
elsewhere. and the state has both continued its development towards human
improvement while similarly deteriorating at the same time, its faulty code
and programming the source of its own self-destruction and annihilation,
such that /truth/ has been replaced by unrestricted and unregulated and
essentially 'unchecked' /power/ via this biased, relativistic framework in
which - oh, i don't know - the world's largest military machine and global
spy network operate under, in an inaccurate and biased private viewpoint
for mass surveillance and the hunt for terrorists- which can thus be skewed
an distorted to focus on citizens instead who may question these dynamics,
which then turns public consciousness into the enemy of this secrets-based
and heavily secure tyranny, indistinguishable from a dictatorship yet not
accounted for this way, as the dictator is hidden, out of sight, etc. and
so the false perspective reigns and rules over 'what can be reasoned' and
if anyone crosses that line, the private police enforcers and spies are at
your doors and suddenly all your e-commerce goods are being shipped broken.
and thus taxes are supporting this lawless takeover of the government and
yet it is also inevitable due to the way the state is configured and the
code it is running on and for lack of a better alternative, until that can
be presented- this is the situation. so, some sympathy for the dictator.
though if the options are destroyed by tyrannical actions then you got real
problems because then the leader is insane and functioning against the
shared state, in that the agenda becomes antihuman, aligned with machines
and the continuation and development of the automated machinery of state,
which in terms of the ideology are godless, yet involves a priesthood of
technocrats - including programmers and technologists and business people,
for whom this system is operating under their guidance and parameters and
towards their goals, which have become detached from the citizenry itself.
so there is the aspect of enslavement, disenfranchisement of populations
based on discrimination and sliding-scale rulesets preferring some over
others and also rewarding violence against citizens in its ecosystem. and
the entire population is wired to automatically support this via taxes yet
the /feedback/ is not occurring to improve their own basic situations as
the erosive aspects of cultural decline outweigh everything else and in
this constant pressure, break down and dissolve connections and structures
required for survival, including loss of meaningful work, family units,
education related to the world that exits versus citizens trained as if
robots, and 'media' that devolves everything into an animalistic context,
nearly pre-literate, not in the McLuhan sense of higher understanding of
oral or other cultures, and instead- inculcating ignorance, bias, hatred,
factionalism, racism, and this via false-perspectives as if 'shared POV'.
no one required to align or attest or be held accountable for truth,
instead ENRONOMICS rules, you can game the system and win at every level,
and thus it involves the takeover by these same forces of the environment
and state itself- its bureaucracy falling hostage to such an ideology, and
citizens no longer having a government which represents the public's needs.
this is relativistic private government taken to its extreme: tyranny, yet
not only that- CRYPTO dictatorship. and yet it started out as a public and
private government with human ideals and orientated to life, and instead
has become antihuman and polluted, ideologically, environmentally and in
minds and bodies, and focused on death and money as if the highest good.
and so it is a question- where is /truth/ within this government- does it
even exist? and it would seem that for the ideologically invested, the
truth is the surface event, the signage and ideological actions that as
imagery reinforce a particular viewpoint conducive to true belief-- that
money is the most important, and that these people believing themselves
superior really are in control, and that they justify this enslavement
based on their private agenda and goals. and thus the *secrets and
security* of the crypto state could align with this binary belief system
and seemingly be its support structure, including for keeping tabs on all
the exploited, as if in an excel spreadsheet, to determine futures via
routing to the appropriate cattle chutes, whether death panels or poor
schools or blacklists. everyone surveilled for their profit.
whereas another truth could coexist beyond or along-side of this and yet
remain hidden from the binary ideological which is bounded by its
self-validation, pattern matching via limited and controlled observation
and thus observer bias the threshold for 'shared reality' and shared goals.
instead of relying on the corrupted and error-ridden code of pseudo-truth
and its role in 'development' of business, education, healthcare, etc via
lies, distortion, self-serving exploitative agendas- instead another actual
[truth] could exist that is shared, that involves a different context for
issues of /security/ and /secrets/, and cryptographic systems and their
applications also would span into this realm of activity, by default of its
service to the soul of the state, to ensure long-term functional integrity
and this can be assumed based on indications such a parallel agenda exists.
it would seem most [crypto] in the profane model would be functioning in a
different set of parameters than in the more sacred and militarist model,
whereby enforced ignorance and outright corruption is not the rule or law.
and thus the cosmic setup and making preparations for this to be resolved.
--- rebooting the state ---
it concerns me to be called before a judge because i do not believe the
state is a legal entity and believe i can readily prove this to be the
case, and therefore not recognizing the legality of the state to decide in
matters of law would be contempt of court, from my previous understanding.
and in this way, to be imprisoned for not recognizing its authority to
determine what is just or to be able to enforce the right principles within
law as it exists due to a failed constitutional context.
i run it over in my head, the argument of having private man define what is
a human predicament, and thus 'mankind' and 'his' and history stand in for
humans and women as an ideological bias which, while once public, became
private upon equal rights, including for those other other ethnicities yet
this privileged hierarchic onsesided perspective has been
institutionalized  as if representing the total public via the shared
private views of men, and in the attempts to equalize it, has further
privatized other views of women and ethnicities, into a many privates
worlds situation without a coherent shared framework to call or reason as
'the public' of us all.
'the human' is missing. the human state is non-existent, and the private
state of various wo|men and their private rights rule over humanity, the
subset governing as if superset, yet without higher ideals, instead lower.
the constitutional code is corrupt. and yet in its description it has the
rules to deal with this: call a Constitutional Convention and start again.
yet in a society run by relativism there is no ability to 'reason' beyond
the privatized ideological "theoretical" discourse whereby power politics
determines what is true (pT=>0) and then rubber-stamps via institutions
under its guidance to manufacture consent and thus: represent 'the people'
whereby only some truth is allowed that only benefits some people at the
expense of everyone else. unbalanced, biased, onesided most times, really.
so-- dealing with MASS ILLITERACY here, since the education system fell to
relativistic ideology and binary bias as a teaching and indoctrination
method, the rote exercises and standardized tests indication that no actual
thought it allowed, no thesis - antithesis -> synthesis in western culture
anymore, unless of an ungrounded politically correct version based within
*language* and about the [signs] or appearance of shared views, yet without
the truth shared or grounded in this false perspective. thus, foundations
of belief are built on weak and corrupt 'ideas' and 'concepts' which have
also become the mainstream discourse -and- POLICY BASIS for the state--
that is, skew distortion warping and bias as the reasoning for shared
decision making and governance. whose that benefiting when *celebrities*
are the best at taking on such an acting role of serial killer fiction.
so someone calls a constitutional convention and no one is capable of
*reasoning* about what is happening in the shared situation because many
are essentially BELIEVING THEIR OWN BULLSHIT on ego-reliant frameworks
based on ideological bias and error, into a too simple assessment of truth
that is pre-enlightenment at this stage, pre-western culture even, devolved
to a realm of selfish idiocy and stupidity that only self-indulgence can
really offer to the existing degree. thus, everyone is a celebrity in their
own private facebook and twitter worlds and speaking their own languages
from their own perspectives and talking the talk, in so far as it profits
and is allowed in models of pseudo-truth-- not the nails hard empirical
realm where errors in thinking are not allowed or acceptable for shared
frameworks-- this is beyond or before scientific method which similarly
fails via privatized empiricism (also perspective limited via 'history' and
thus privatized, allowing aggressions against humans in that framework by
way of distortions, errors- exploited, targeting enemy populations, etc).
yet a lot of people can 'program' yet it is stuck in bias and ideological
frameworks and therefore very smart "binary thinking" gets nowhere in the
real world of paradox, to deal with problems and situations as they exist
rather than as they are perceived to- which is a tremendous difference and
requires actual difficult and painful and humbling considerations and it is
quickly realized how little a person knows- versus to presume to know all
by sharing a viewpoint beyond external correction or acknowledging that
there is bias or distortion or even unknowing involved- theorized POVs
rule, the ego of private identities as if public, as if shared views, yet
without the rigor or political suffering that involves beyond 'the drama'.
and thus soap operas of initiatives, everyone wearing their private causes
and yet outside an actual PUBLIC CONTEXT and language and social relations
and importantly -- identity -- that would allow the issues to be dealt with
beyond adolescent playpen antics and excitements and temper tantrums. here
or there someone probably assassinated for actually doing something wrong,
though who knows, maybe that too is drama and they are in deep state now.
and logic is crucial, yet absent as an accounting of 'reasoning' which
instead like NLP becomes programming via onesided binarisms competing up on
the various electronic stumps, trunks, and platforms.  3-value and N-value
logic, the basis for /human/ reasoning in a neutral evaluation as observer
are not taught in schools. everything is 'rationalized' yet in pseudo-truth
and thus an infinite many viewpoints that do not add up to more because
they rely on the errors and distortions as structural scaffolding, on the
bias and ideology to uphold views, as is necessary of private language-
women as bad as men, ethnicities exploiting this as much as others, that is
the game it involves and everything and everyone devolves as a result.
The State needs to be rebooted under new constitutional code, at the very
least modified from a context of public and private man, mankind, and
history to that of public humanity and private wo|men, involving a shared
his|her-story or human story. corporations embodied as 'individuals' as
'private men' have allowed extreme competition with citizens to the point
that the state is representing corporate democracy via 'the public' vote,
the citizens are Microsoft, Google, Time-Warner, CBS, Halliburton, etc.
those not part of the structures are serfs, indentured class, castes.
whereas in a human context, the state would need to serve not exploit human
goals and values as part of a shared community, not gain profit based on
exploiting and brainwashing or cheating people in retrograde schemes or
outright criminality via selling broken equipment to normalize thievery.
the human context for law would likewise not be able to ignore such truth
as it would be allowed and not censored as a viewpoint via relativism. and
likewise /security/ and /secrecy/ would likewise change to serve humanity
and differentiate and focus on those seeking to abuse and exploit instead.
it is this last statement that is assumed the underlying hidden, secret
aspect of existing crypto systems of the state, a standing reserve that is
waiting in the wings, surveying the situation so it can be accounted for.
as of my recollection at this point, it is unknown if i am the only person
who could make this case for the illegality of the state in its existing
functioning, yet anyone who were to deny the court its legality would
potentially be able to make this case, if willing to go to prison and get
the process underway, though the argument would need to be allowed else you
may never get out of prison, which is why it seems a worst case scenario,
unless that situation would be the first opportunity to make the case. and
this in a context of what is proposed to be *ungrounded legal frameworks*
due to ideological language relied on for 'shared relativistic reasoning'
which functions as /programming/ again, as if shared though of unshared
society, continually set at odds with itself, functioning against itself,
increasingly nonsensical and illiterate-- schizophrenic even, as the views
do not add up to a coherent whole, the parts make their sum impossible, as
it tends towards shared nothingness- not towards life or greater being. in
this way, ignorance is progressively institutionalize, made into rules and
increases suffering, making it more and more difficult to 'reason' within
the broken world and relate to others in their privatized biased views.
statisticians become the new community organizers for the disenfranchised
and lost, tallying peoples identities with others moreso than communities
themselves or organizations, the alienating and isolation near complete,
such that the internet and WWW as stage set appear as if by divine right to
allow each actor their fantasy to portray, without restriction to reality,
obligation or duty to another, as if life only a game, frivolity behold. no
sense of the pending doom awaiting, the trap door beneath the spotlight.
the word as a mirror then, and the networked playground for narcissists
that on a psychological level reveals the deep and hidden contempt and
shallowness of the economic, social, and political ideology of self-bias.
you need at least two people to call a constitutional convention, yet what
if it is flash mobbed and a million relativists show up with bullhorns?
here: "use our code! use our code!" they start screaming in unison. that is
it in its entirety, all that binary relativistic reasoning needs to keep
things as they are and further extent the situation towards shared falsity.
that is why there are guns i am guessing. make a perimeter. only logical
reasoning allowed, and at every instance the binary will be defeated in its
simplism and will no longer be enshrined as law nor ideology nor allow for
the corrupt rule of the many by the few who do not realize how crazy they
actually are, nor how completely hollow and sold-out as human beings.
my wager is i can prove the state in its current form is unconstitutional
and provide the logical framework for making that case, and offer a set of
corrective actions that would neutralize the existing bias, recontextualize
its constitutional framework via what are essentially structural "edits"
based on logic, to remove known ideology, and this could allow a framework
for establishing or reconsidering the constitution via a convention once
"ideas" themselves are back on the table, versus extending programmatic
language according to biased rulesets held in pseudo-empirical books that
skew this way or that depending on the forces at work, depending on words
and signs versus on truth and logical reasoning as the basis for judgement
and decision-making, in that ideas must be mediated at the level of 1/0.
anything else is an ungrounded concept, a fiction, a theory by comparison,
an assumption based on previous assumptions, which is what ideology is:
basing reasoning on previous answered questions versus asking them anew.
really asking questions versus skipping the truth and relying on the
structure as if 'wholly true' and not involving skew, say of history as
this may influence perspective and limit certain 'shared observations' by
promoting a private framework for evaluation. and the consequences of this.
i do not want to go to prison to get the conversation started, mainly
because i would probably never get out, as 'logical reasoning' has no place
within these state systems and instead they are mediating relations based
on power and shared private ideology at that. perhaps high-minded Supreme
Court is the actual and best platform to evaluate these state code errors
accurately and authorize the necessary edits to reframe and recontextualize
the state in a new human framework where citizens have a responsibility to
the state, both public and private, and that in return the state will serve
humanity, including by reconceptualizing the monetary system, business
relations and obligations to environment and the state development,
education, health and in general- the shared awareness and well-being of
those of shared destiny.
if the code of the Constitution is in error, it must be error-corrected--
this is not Microsoft Windows-- or, actually, it is The State as Windows,
broken windows everywhere, made to break, made to be exploited, for profit.
that is, the corruption is a downward spiral as private business model, and
perhaps this is part of the crypto gambit itself, providing instruments to
enable and sustain the deterioration, as the codebase moves towards babel.
fragile error-ridden code that needs to be enforced by power politics and
bullying as if "reasoning" via violence and intimidation based on shared
bias of binary ideology, versus robust thinking based on shared empirical
truth in a gray-area of consideration and evaluation, paradoxical, real,
wanting to debate the hypothesis and even have observations show wrong or
faulty to learn and improve upon frameworks, win/win interactions within
debate versus stand-offs with true believers who ignore truth instead, and
pick and choose their private reality and believe their bubble state will
always exist the way it is, versus be popped and fall to another worldview.
the requirement is strong relations between individuals and groups based on
logical reasoning-- that existed as the empirical basis for development of
the U.S. Constitution and would be required as a prerequisite again to be
able to fairly and accurate model issues of the state beyond a partial
too-limited biased viewpoint of the shared citizenry. It may be the first
real 'public' state in that it would be the first human state in existence,
seemingly, in terms of the specific requirements for the appropriate kernel
of truth by which to align all other actions and interrelated activities
within its structural arrangement. it may actually allow 'America' to be
the potential envisioned, beyond the limits of history, and truly finally
offer options that have existed as potentials yet have not be allowed
within the limited frameworks due to unshared language, logic, and
observation that could not be reconciled by ever-narrowing private POVs.
this is to assume that shared value of the state is [truth] at its core,
and that logical reasoning must be error-corrected at this level for ideas
to be given their value, and not to assume this or allow it for the
pseudo-truths that rely on false frameworks and errors if not outright lies
that have become protected by the ideology of law instead, in service to
shared falsity that endlessly exploits the citizenry to serve the powerful
perhaps the most important issue underlying this transformation would be a
new currency that could function in a realm of data exchange and allow for
fidelity with transactions and relations as they exist, as infrastructure
of interconnected relations that feed this motivational current throughout
the state, yet which has no data dimension today in terms of its fractional
values, such that .001 may be a useful measure for online contexts, or that
taxation could be automated into the currency itself, so that it is not an
issue of people relying on third-party accountants to balance their books
and instead it is part of the feedback process inherent in the currency
itself, taking the bureaucracy out of bureaucracy and allowing money to be
friction free in terms of exchange, and allow various interactions that are
instead limited by broken and biased models of accountability that punish
those without money the most, making it impossible to function in society
as if they are cheating because the system itself is broken, when instead
the very tax forms do not have the basic information to allow the literate
to do their own taxes, even in the most expected scenarios of Social
Security payments-- both at state and federal levels, instead obfuscation
and then the setup, the threat of holding individuals accountable for the
errors, as is the social services game, working against the poor, rigging
the system for failure, using pressure and oppressive subversive actions to
try to indict criminality based on broken systems used to frame citizens
who dare try to live beyond the limits, and escape conveyer belt to the
awaiting cardboard coffin, paid for by web advertising tattooed on skull.
"the very interaction in a context of verifiable truth is the weakness of
liars who need to sustain the shared lie in order to function" - /tells/
would be automatic as circuitry grounds to falsehood versus truth.
(so you're talking about an inversion, huh?)
enforced illiteracy versus freedom of ideas, based on securing of truth
within the state, making it foundational and defining reasoning based on
logic and accounting within accurate models, concepts, and hypotheses,
using the human observer as the basis for shared empirical viewpoint.
--- why cryptography matters ---
programming consciousness, building peer relations, feedback based tools,
'know and develop your circuitry', self as circuit, ideas as circuits,
models and concepts as circuits. fundamental knowledge and exchange based
on shared value (T) built from the ground up, literally, electromagnetic.
tools for thinking, tools for literacy, for grounded empiricism, education
in hardware/software models, logical reasoning as the basis, to allow for
it and develop it, share the techniques, guidelines/guidance, for debate of
ideas, litmus, standards, crack the ideological code.
the code potential.
issue of pattern matching to the wrong model: binary [crypt.1] / paradoxic
[crypt.2] -- it is in the unknown, or the known unknown -of its capacity-
that the cryptographic could establish a model for programmatic LITERACY
that someday may be the basis for shared awareness outside the realm of
secrets and secrecy and instead between citizens within new parameters of
relation and exchange, whereby the existing model is transformed...
antihuman [observer.1] <---> human [observer.2]
wherein all exchange is biased to the following dynamic:
antihuman [observer.1] <---- human [observer.2]
antihuman [observer.1] <---> antihuman [observer.2]
Instead, this could be transformed by logical accounting for truth in
biased and ungrounded 'theoretical' models reliant upon shared and
sustained falsity, thereby invalidating the 'shared perspective' and
requiring actual [truth] as the measure for shared human observation...
human [observer.1] <---> human [observer.2]
the antihuman viewpoint relies on shared bias as the basis for shared
awareness, 'shared ideological belief' essentially, and would be replaced
by shared empirical models of truth based on *logical reasoning* (not
shared binary bias) via 3-value and N-value evaluations.
in each instance the /crypto/ would be different, in particular the second
example whereby exploited or compromised crypto could be feeding a false
perspective, leading to example three where a surveillance state could be
internally believed serving this private ideological constituency yet also
be backdoored elsewhere, beyond the limit of their models of awareness.
the fourth, last example being the future or other hidden crypto systems
that a future state may develop in terms of a line of demarcation between
the human and antihuman interactions, in that security and secrets occur in
that realm of conflict in terms of unshared identity, goals, values, etc.
and thus likewise, 'money' or 'currency' in these differing scenarios,
taxes or politics or social services, etc. what is true is true. and then
there are also black swan events that challenge the model, its assumptions.
either/or, both/and, neithor/nor, switches and electronic circuits as they
relate to relations of observers, set theory dynamics as daily encounters.
war and peace in a realm of language and bureaucracy, hidden within logic,
its lack of accounting. security through obscurity or the deep strategy.
nothing like communicating like a barking animal, rawr rawwr rawrrrr!!!!
rowwf! ROF! WROFF! wwwWWRRRAAOAOOFFFFFFFFF!
--- more on crypto model ---
there is truth, there is logic, and logical reasoning in turn which
mediates 'ideas' - evaluating patterns and constructing hypotheses via
concepts and models.
   T <-> logic <-> reasoning <-> [ideas]
so if you have /binary/ logic, you get binary reasoning and binary models
and thinking, whereby if a pattern is matched, it is by default 'true'.
   T <- binary reasoning <- [pattern match]
thus is the structural bias that if pseudo-truth is the value [pT] then
false absolutism inherently includes error in this 'accounting for truth'
as if it is purely true versus reliant on skew, distortion, error, etc. in
this way the image or sign=sign is an ungrounded validation of the ideas if
they are only 'partially true' yet not recognized as such, thus ungrounded
in the total idea said to be represented. normalization and reliance upon
false positives to prove sustain extend the false perspective modeling.
this is the ideological approach of binary programming as 'philosophy'. it
is the Binary Crypto Regime belief system, as if 1/0 is guru accessible via
choosing beliefs in private frameworks of relativistic observations, often
based on power and privileged perspectives, whether biz or tech celebrity,
popular professor or self-righteous activist. the skew is the twl
and thus the pT<->T gap is the security and secrecy exploit, a structure
made to be exploited, yet it may not be recognized in the mindset itself in
terms of lack of accurate self-reflection, thus a psychological flaw in the
observer that tends towards psychopathy, narcissism, and anti-human agendas
or so life experience offers that as an evaluative framework to consider,
perhaps only validated when the have their extermination camps up & running
or the existing ones are revealed: poisoning environment, food, minds, etc.
what was realized upon sharing the model of crypto in relation to language
was that programming functions as a form of reasoning, and so considering
that there are limits to binary programming versus paradoxical, in terms of
the code possibilities of linear versus nonlinear evaluations, this also
holds true for 'ideas' and conceptualizations of what exists as it exists
and what must be held outside the frameworks because they cannot account
for anomalies-- the binary ideology is reliant on censoring and throwing
out data that does not conform, whereas the paradoxical 3-value and N-value
models retain this 'fine detail' of various intricacies of interstructural
dynamics as a basis to discern more accurate (shared, empirical)
frameworks  and in this way *trash is treasure*, or the relation between
archaeology and architecture, past and future meeting in the present with a
  1 <-> logical reasoning <-> [ideas]
if you get the ideas right, grounded in truth, the concepts and models,
then the code 'as language' is going to accurately mediate this relation
between /signs/ and the things they represent, or ground to, in/as truth.
  1 <-- [code] <-- programming
in this way, if the 'ideas of code' are accurately modeled and grounded,
their implementation would be validated by truth and its error-correction
of the faulty code would be vital to securing truth within the model
  0 <-- [pT.code] <-- 'binary reasoning' *
whereas a worldview and model based on an unfalsifiable approach that is
removed of error correction may have 'some truth' though its further and
further reliance on error-reliant frameworks would continuously move this
'shared view' closer and closer to zero, instead of 1, via the increasing
dissolution of truth within a larger ever expanding framework of falsity.
in a complex multiple-use model involving deception, such unaccountable
code could not only be used as an exploit, the programmatic assumption
could itself be exploited via social engineering of the ideological mindset
and thus the very viewpoint is as insecure as the codebase is made to be:
 1/N/0 <-- pT/T.code <-- 'binary/paradoxial-reasoning'
There could be a massive deception hidden within this context, not only of
the binarists who exploit broken crypto to surveil and steal from others,
including the state itself, though have no indication of anomaly allowing
their mirror-looking to see the other side of the one-way view, thus other
encryption alongside yet invisible, additional 'truth' inside or outside
binary models of 'pseudo-truth' yet unable to be reasoned, pattern matched
and instead thrown out as errors, ignored. superposition of truth, its
contingence on observation and how logic effects what can be reasoned to
exist. and this is where /programming/ essentially is a form of reasoning
and yet 'the debate' is not occurring at the level of language in words and
viewpoints of people- in that this level of [code] is needed to
communicate  and model ideas within society, to align with conceptual
structures like programmers must to attain functionality of developed
intermechanisms and yet at the level of individual and group discourse this
system of relation and communication is broken within institutions,
schools, and society, such that only a binary viewpoint is allowed and
proceeds and is rewarded yet at a cost to civilization and life itself, due
to the servitude to enforced stupidity.
instead, the ability to comprehend this situation of communication as
[code] is needed firstly to be able to think and evaluate accurately, to
use language and mathematics in a meaningful grounded way, and not
arbitrary or mindlessly reproducing copies of copies of ideas that are now
ideologies, adding more and more noise and losing the original truth or
signal that instead is no longer accurate because the context is changed
and it needs to be reevaluated as model, yet everyone appears ILLITERATE
else unwilling and unable to do this, because they have more important
things to do like wax their egos or manicure their stellar lifestyles.
in other words, in some fundamental sense: programming is logical reasoning
and tools could be made to develop these skills via the distributed net of
mobile platforms that would help people learn how to think, how to evaluate
situations in empirical frameworks, help understand probability, looping
hypotheses, binary limits and issues of absolutism that are unreal in the
ordinary sense (too simple, thus dumb and inculcating ignorance via
viewpoint), and provide platforms to link thoughts and ideas and concepts
in structural frameworks as a new foundation for the next internet as a
shared POV and organization of data that is meaningful and has purpose
beyond private views and agendas, and limits of copyright for truth, etc.
so the relation of "logical reasoning" with [language] and [mathematics] in
terms of concepts, ideas, algorithms, models, yet also "programming" of
this CODE that may remain or be sustained by cryptographic means and
methods in terms of deep culture and the sustaining of literacy beyond the
ordinary mainstream boundaries, its metaphysical dimensions and source.
in this, the role of cryptography perhaps at the unifying juncture of the
two cultures as they are reunited in [code] and establish LITERACY across
the total domain, moving from esoteric to revealed knowledge and awareness.
the philosophical dimension, context, and goals of programming and role of
debate and protection and extension of freedom of ideas and language within
the era of computer development lost to social engineering via technology,
its tools and platforms to promote this ignorance, falsehood, functioning
against truth and shared awareness, against ideas, feedback, democracy. the
ideology too small for the ideas, the ideas to large for the logic, and in
turn the corruption replacing insight with ego, as the basis for exchange
in a shallow hollow realm of exchange and relation fundamentally antihuman.
*key is whether the observer is aware of their own observation, their own
code, and can correct and account for errors or relies upon them for
observation. can the observer observe themselves or do they realize their
observations are observed by others, which is a basis for objective views
in that many views of the same event can help error correct for distortion
or unknowns yet if all assume the same views, these are reinforced instead.
--- ye ol crypto system ---
to the tangible future of a human managed society and state based on shared
truth-- it would be possible to transform the issues of today into a new
context and capture the /truth/ that exists buried within the complexity
overlapping agendas, human and inhuman, and align the activities of the
public and private state in accordance with human needs and goals. such as
with a new digital monetary system and taxes, and education that teaches
citizens how to think via logical reasoning, to raise consciousness and
capacity through learning and developing skills, towards optimal and
highest functioning - and to realign goals of bureaucracy to serve the
citizens instead of function against them, such as regularity agencies that
establish a framework to reclaim a healthy non-toxic environment and return
areas of wilderness to their natural state, such as removal of vast areas
of sprawl and reimagine city planning and transportation systems and other
approaches to human development in a more efficient, effective, humane and
livable approach.
the issue of these marketing firms and advertisers collecting vast data for
sale on any citizens is in parallel to state surveillance issues and could
be legally abolished as a practice, with limits to what can be collected
and requiring a citizen to allow such tracking for market research and
nothing beyond this. that would be legally enforced and corrupt systems
that surveil as business models would be taken down, go out of business due
to the illegality of a massive private surveillance regime due to code
exploits of constitutional errors, allowing private businesses to profit on
public extortion, expropriation, devaluing of name and identity, stealing
of information, and various other forms of theft, fraud, schemes for the
blacklisting and framing or intimidation of others via such practices,
especially and particularly in a political and ideological context, where
your local business is tallying your presence here and there and gaining
profit off such data as a business model, reinforcing the tyranny. there
is  no place for this lawlessness, this bullying and intimation within a
'free' society unless it is no longer beholden to its constitutional
framework and there is nothing to protect citizens from the exploitation of
their data.
it is not an issue of regulating it-- it needs to be abolished.
in contrast, state surveillance is potentially somewhat a windfall for a
future society where electronic health records, dental, taxes, billing,
taxes, income, work history, education documents, and other dossiers could
become a repository for citizen data that they should be legally allowed to
access -- based on transparency and within limits of security models in
terms of actual secrecy and security issues it may involve. such that you
probably would not have access to FBI or CIA assessments though should
rightfully have everything else, and it should be *accurate* data and not
full of lies, distortions, false perspectives-- and this needs to be the
right of every citizen to have accurate data profiles (A=A) and not full of
documents that distort information to onesided views based on corrupted and
self-serving authority or political agendas.
so here's the idea- and the critical role of cryptography in this...
basically these federal and state databases can become future 'electronic
records' for citizens, so that all dada is stored in a shared accessible
model and can be accessed from anywhere via the network, such that schools
can send data to those files and logins can allow shared access for those
whose files they are. then, for instance, if the government has a issue
such as social security, all the data is in one place and the reference
information is available from multiple locations, not duplication or
triplication or quadrupling of efforts or reliance on postal mail, paper
and stamps and delivery networks to get snail mail validation. ZONING would
be the primary structural issue, what are the perspectives for the combined
total database, say federal and state, though also health education work
taxes and onward, though an entire life could be stored in the model, from
childhood to old age. and yet these could be more than documents, it could
also involve a concept of a citizen, a model or 'individual circuit' that
they develop for their goals in life and their circumstance, issue and
skills unique them, and through this empirical context and grounding,
everyone including teachers and family and doctors and the state could
access this data model as it relates to the individual conceptualization,
their direction of development, and map lives into and onto and through
this data modeling as a model of education, health, career, citizenry.
to do this would require shared keys, and an infrastructure reliant on both
security and secrecy in varying scenarios, depending on the exchange, and
to what degree the data is made accessible. for instance a doctor visit
could have the medical records opened for a one-week window for updates via
key exchange, or an educational institution may hold keys for each student
that updates their coursework yearly or by semester yet otherwise is closed
down and secured in the state model, under watchful eye, protected. this
too could occur with monetary exchange accessed through a substructure so
employers payroll is automatically figured, and micro-taxation that could
be automatic to currency could be tabulated and tallied and recorded in
this central location and instead of taking money out and then returning it
later, avoiding this lunacy for a just-in-time model where money accounts
for its own existence and has identity yet does not create friction that
prevents monetary relations or exchange, allowing money its fluidic power.
the individual citizen then could be given a crypto key that is somehow
attached to an object, equivalent in some way to a social security card
with specific ID number, yet with an authentication scheme based on a
single unique entanglement (assuming classical quantum infrastructure is
out in the open) and thus the key has unique physical bits that ensure
specific entanglements with other paired bits elsewhere, that could be
connected to this central database of state. and from that, entangled
further into a physically-based model of crypto, additional crypto keys
that coexist in that domain within infinity-models, that generate the
everyday keys for accessing bank or school records or circuit diagrams of
the self as a life plan, the society actively involved and supporting
development of itself in a shared framework of relations and exchange,
ideas and intention, purpose and possibility for human civilization.
in other words, a person would carry a device that would be a keychain and
have many active keys that are validated by an underlying state key that
generates these others via physical hardware entanglement, perhaps a
qbit-blackbox or something on a smartcard, yet its detachment from the
person also could invalidate the key as it is a unique one-time correlation
and thus to forge it would collapse the entanglement, and other monitoring
would track occurrences to prevent outside manipulations via biometric or
other verification of identity. speculative, most entirely unknown though
seemingly feasible in the abstract, where the physical key of door/lock is
updated into a future realm of entangled crypto keys as citizen ID, that
then is a validation/verification system for establishing remote trust for
other subsystem crypto exchange via related or embedded key systems that
could be added to the keychain. perhaps the quantum key resides within a
home and only activates the other keys yet need not be carried around once
activating them, and thus provides a physical security barrier or air gap
that could bound any attack into the larger network or database system by
whatever local key is accessed illegally, thus establishing perimeter
defenses or other protocols to diagnose or act on the anomalous events.
it is questionable if such a keychain or crypto key system would involve
tracking by default, if not just in a data model given that the state may
have access to this information if needed, and thus in an emergency it may
change 'zone' settings, open up the cell network, track a person down and
ring their phone to let them know of a connected event via automated call,
or other such functionality, though otherwise data could be anonymized and
sensor networks and others would only focus on actual threats versus
dragnet the entire citizenry under hypersurveillence atmosphere where the
entire society is criminalized and made passive via fear of state violence
and retaliation for speaking differently or going against political party
line, which is the daily situation in its economic, social, political
context as engineered by the binary ideologists to exploit as is.
in this way, crypto keys could differentiate zones of public from private
and there could be state secured databases protected by law, whereby like a
safe deposit box, information could be stored or this could be linked
within the home as well, decentralized, though in some sense 'security' and
'secrecy' of a private nature could be protected via these lawful resources
that would only under extraordinary measures be accessible by the state,
under oversight, and monitored to ensure they are protected by government.
for instance, someone may want photos of their granddaughter to be passed
on to her after the grandparents pass, and she has children, and such
documents could be stored in such a place, as data files. maybe that is not
the idea of others, though it is in contrast to the 'fear the state' model
if it were to exist in a context of human values, where these rights and
principles and ideas are protected, then the database could be citadel, a
protected zone that will continue even if the house burns down or a parent
dies and that data can be accessed and it is part of the process of life
within a context of electronic information and data resources like these.
the larger aspect is that such a tiered crypto system then could involve
house keys, vehicle keys (for eventual antigravity landspeeders i hope),
'money keys' (access to currency, currency as information), state database
keys (subset: health, education, career, psychology, etc). etc.
the crypto infrastructure would be vital to establishing, sustaining, and
securing and protecting the state and its citizenry, in addition to its
role in secret communication which may take on other parameters in such a
'shared identity' context, whereas other realms could involve unshared
identity and involve tactical, strategic, operational crypto for other
environments and situations or tied into this as an infrastructure layer.
say, if you're dealing with hostile robots who steal children or swap out
citizens and they need to be hunted down and eliminated, and so on.
parallel to this, hopefully the end of wi-fi will appear, the pollution of
the environment via electromagnetic radiation and interference with the
senses and nature, and regain what has been lost by toxic invisible skies
continuing that terrible tradition of the first industrial revolutions,
once citizens become literate that the technology is harming citizenry by
unregulated design and this relates to cancer and other issues, including
nefarious agendas to engineer illness, obesity, to devolve the society.
those codes can be broken, dismantled, revealed for the abuses of power
they involve and the antihuman agenda that the unconstitutional state is
allowing to exist, terrorizing citizens as its basis for legitimacy. the
true terror today is the unlawful illegal unconstitutional state today. its
code is error-ridden, its ideology is completely unsound, and it is time it
is accounted for and error-corrected at the scale required to change its
circuitry and given humanity the chance it deserves to succeed in this
life. if ever there has been a reason to fight, this is it.

@_date: 2013-09-16 22:34:46
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [5] moar koda 
disclaimer: if doing this is illegal then the alphabet is illegal and
'ideas' themselves have been criminalized by the terror state
--- (continuing...) ---
hint for previous code:  _ |v JL 3 p\ w Z 7r : 2 6
perhaps should have made the last character (6) this instead: O J
the idea then of a digraph substitution: JL = inverted T, etc.
Thus, for instance if someone has a perceptual bias and is only looking at
single characters as single units, the diagraph, trigraph, etc approach
would be beyond their threshold of observation, beyond the perceptual
modeling and thus such bias or limitation in interpretation can allow other
information to exist beyond how it is perceived to exist by a given
observer, unless they figure it out- so it would involve rules or learning
how to determine what schemes are active or not, multiple or none
further, the idea of a search of the original string as anagram or other
approach, such that the breakage of units into fragments or components or
elements thus can defeat brute force meaning unless checking all variables
which would tend towards infinity, via probability. thus the secret is in
some sense the noise, the more it is looked for the more possibilities
arise and fill in the void with additional meaning that may or may not be
active -- whether intended or not, which is the spooky aspect of this, if
systems or data is somehow entangled whether as information and-or
objects;  seemingly /metaphysical keys/ even.
so a hypothetical example would be, putting the original 15 characters into
a structural search in which the original concept cannot be located in the
analytical results (in ordinary terms, the 'word' does not exist within the
letters/numbers themselves) and in this way, while it was was the basis for
creating the 'string' (bit set), it may not be active in its interpretation
or its activeness may exist in the permutated results and thus not require
a decode by the receiver if already having the key because they know the
shared reference yet the structure exists as infrastructure- and it may or
may not have relevance though it could be mapped into that structure as if
a conceptual root structure that could have calculative or geometric
aspects- meaning, there could be many simultaneous structures some related
and others not, that may or may not be activated in particular signaling,
perhaps similar to neurons and synaptic structures in the brain that fire
together yet whyso remains a mystery due to the limits of observation and
an accurate model for analysis at the level of activity being observed-
thus phrenology or scrying in an ungrounded sense providing security by
enhancing warped, skewed, biased, limited interpretations, erecting walls
and false rationales by "relativistic frameworks" in a realm of halls of
mirrors within halls of mirrors. distortion by unknowing autogenerated, and
in some sense 'signal' can be masked as noise also, shell games within the
parallelism of infinity and the computational limits of parsing those
dynamics accurately, which could easily exist beyond technological means
thus also in the realm of literacy, 'reading the signs' or abstract
markings can become the limit between those intelligent and those smart yet
illiterate and not in service to the conceptual foundation involved, and
their perceptual frameworks can be used to construct false perspectives
that become labyrinths to control future options, yet while creating the
illusion of being in a 'shared awareness' or framework (partial) whereby
pseudo-truth, its reliance on error, can allow extra-dynamics to exist
while also coexisting within 'some truth' of the shared condition; perhaps
this is zoning within a threat containment model, or subversive takedown
approach, establishing booby-traps and trap-doors and pyramid defenses
so, a letter or number could be de|con-structed and words or concepts or
meaning could also be tokenized by a substitute system of relation which is
what symbolism also allows, a type of exchange existing with a symbol and
its network of conceptual structures aligned with it, an infrastructure of
shared meaning and dynamics that also has myth and magic and spiritual
dimensions as a potential, these tending towards darkness and light yet
also accounted for in a shared universe (U), this richness and depth then
perhaps closest to the forces involved and their dynamics, versus its
caricaturization that presents its substance mainly in cartoon terms, a
popular culture framework as if yet another commoditized ideology, thus the
assumption of surface-relations versus actual depth and core functioning
--- sidenote: after the expansion ---
it should be added that after a 'string' is permutated, say it goes from 15
characters into a million character / word combination space, that is in a
precisely bounded model that defines the perimeters and parameters of its
expansion and analysis frameworks (if not via infrastructure standards),
that it would seem this is a one-way calculation and as impossible as it
may be to find something inside the expanded set combinations, it would
appear even more impossible (exponentially) to try to put it back into the
original pandoric gift package, the originating /bit set/ even if knowing
the rules and trying to apply them in reverse, to go from 'many' words to
only a 'key string' as exampled here (said: bit set now, as a description
of the set relations between characters, not linear string if it is
"calculated" and worked-out in its probabilistic interrelations).
in other words, could you go from one million characters and various word
combinations back to the original 15 characters- and my presumption is no,
it would be even more highly variable in reverse if computed this way, in
that substitutions could occur at some point that introduce (noise) extra
data, such as a S=5 and starts to shift meaning out of the original
context, and so many of these shifts could occur, 'recenterings' as part of
analysis, that if not having them in their entirety and evaluating a
massive set, even if having the majority correct, that small area of error
could continually expand as noise and veer interpretations off course and
bound the backwards analysis- which could be useful if having a code that
generates something yet cannot be worked back, yet still is linked to it or
exists within the unpackaged expansion as an entangled conceptual order,
which again may or may not be activated- say like streetlights turning on
at certain hours, or animal migrations under certain conditions- the data
may appear momentarily or in a given context and then be absent the next
so in this way a 'noisefield' could be inherent in the expansion and
messages could be hidden within it, perhaps even texts or documentation,
that would be reliant on the originating bit set yet disconnected from it
if not available to analyze, yet it may also have carry any signal or
secrets when analysed, such that it is feasibly arbitrary, one of many
frameworks, and unless knowing what the perspective is, it could be a false
corridor and lead to *answers* that are inaccurate or 'counter' to the
actual view yet expand into another parallel stage-set universe (U2) based
on error-reliant pseudo-truth believed to be accurate yet moving further
into falsity (pT-> A=B). in this way, paradox is the limit, as if logical
reasoning and 'shared observation' and if identity is unshared, fiction out
of what can be shared facts in a limited model based on other rationales,
thus exploiting bias and other false assumptions and their structures
perhaps a way of conveying this is those with a human POV versus antihuman
perspective and how consciousness would be correlated differently both in
observations and interrelations, especially with doubling or imposters
for instance someone may perceive a human as 'racist' for an observation
because of a potential interpretation that is a particular framework thus
bounded reasoning to that viewpoint structure, whereby: humans {ethnicity}
in terms of sets, different skin tones and cultures could be secondary to
being a human being and thus 'human' would be the superset...
   human {ethnicity}     or
   human {race}
This versus the opposite, determining interpretations locally as if the
main basis for primary awareness:
   race {humanity}      or
   race {ethnicity}
In other words, subset {set} if not: subset {superset}, can take on the
interpretative 'universal view' (U) and it may have 'some truth' in a
certain relative framework yet it may not be the larger or overriding truth
of the observation and this ambiguity needs to be taken into account. say
with my previous instance of a 'song here song there, here a song there a
song, everywhere a song-song' as it may be viewed instead of a common
rhyme   instead a device to channel bias about 'yellow people' as if the
intent. note also several such devices were used, not indicating this
it is to say that multiple readings can co-exist, and there can be some
partial truth (whatever truth exists is true) yet it may not be the total
or overriding truth or even generative truth and instead exist as anomaly
or entangled instance that arises out of noise, as with a crystal ball that
takes in outside patterns and merges them into a common spheric surface.
i think when i wrote that i noticed the potential ambiguity yet the idea
was not that and decided to keep typing versus try to edit and invent
another device for an ongoing theme (about endless communication in terms
of 'linear string' assumptions as if automatically meaningful versus hollow
and how a lot of people can be singing and saying *nothing* in terms of how
it adds up empirically, versus fragmented relativisms which are basically
noise allowing the cultural degradation to continue under that mirage of
depth and hand-holding feel good hedonism, as if it is all that simple).
though counter to this, it is true that certain cultures have names that
align with 'song song' and thus it could be associated with that, even
though that was not the interpretive framework and it could have meaning,
whether or not true or accurate in the specific context, what is true is
true. and thus if a military strategy and its associated ideology involves
emigrating vast populations into other areas in order to subvert them, and
then holds up a politically correct boundary saying it is discrimination to
speak about what is going on in those terms- it probably is going to cause
collisions in discourses like these, where such dynamics are mediated
outside the "official silence" and politics of the everyday societies.
again, humans and antihumans would be my response to this, and humans are
in every culture and activity. and so they are in the superset and not
viewed as 'subset'- though an antihuman ideology that tries to stop such
analysis of human awareness via censoring debate or activities then is
seeking to overpower and bias interpretation via unshared identity that is
privileged and beyond error-checking or correction, thus requiring and
demanding a safe zone of *secure interpretation* that prevents accounting
for these dynamics via peer pressure, etc. essentially:
   antihuman {humanity}
as this is institutionalized, effectively:
   subset {superset}
if you give any credence to the higher cosmic order involved in this, such
that the earth today is being governed by 'the lower' to which to higher
functioning have had to adapt to allow the takeover and takedown to occur.
Most excellent in terms of this cross- and intercultural dynamics is the
work and ideas of Edward T. Hall, especially in terms of language and
cultural systems, how signs are interpreted differently yet also in this
variance the richness of truth beyond limited observations of a given view.
here is the ~50 words for snow in eskimo and so on, as it relates to this
same bit set issue of where someone is interpreting the data from.
another possible way of conveying the approximate idea:
   (humans {ethnicity}) <--> (antihumans {race})
what matters is truth, who serves it and to what extent it is recognized or
subverted for another agenda than the shared set, its values, goals, and
principles- and this aligns also with coherence and its limits in ideology
versus ideas, rigid limits to allowed thought versus freedom and liberty
and serve to life or its annihilation by rules to prop up false universes,
and the larger context for this being cosmic accountability and the role of
crypto and both sides of these issues- that complex /ground/ of operations
that could be binary or paradoxical, actually grounded or only virtually...
so this gets to a basic idea of 'code' -- what do you trust? -- do you
trust some cryptographic standard, do you trust a person or system or
machine, do you trust 'ideas' without having parsed them completely and
thus rely on 'unknown knowns' determined by others, perhaps of unshared
identity and thus exploits-
and to me it has become self-evident that only TRUTH can be trusted, that
it is the basis for trust, and in combination with logical reasoning allows
this trust to be evaluated and accounted for, and anything less is
potentially an issue of 'trusting signs' in its place, mimicry or facades
or ungrounded connections or relations, such that 'signs of friendship' can
substitute for actual friendship, and other types of programmatic
techniques whereby truth is not shared as the basis for interactions, and
this occurs within 'shallow language' and 'wrong assumptions that are
carried onward' within the scaffolding of viewpoints, /errors/ normalized,
that devalue and degrade truth- yet become structures for *TRUST* within
computing and social systems, again the Binary Crypto Regime as ideology
the peak of this institutionalized untrustworthiness made into religion.
Faith in crooked code, crooked administration, crooked relations, crooked
ideas, and accounting in truth and via logical reasoning nowhere found
outside the *protected limits*, thus allowing the antihuman agenda to
proceed friction-free in fallen environments that serve this 'mastery'.
if you trust in people, it is within their truth, the truth of a person not
their falsity or pseudo-truth (unless mistaken) -- it is a critical
distinction and of wide-ranging consequence.  so too, ideas- the truth of
ideas versus their approximations and warping and skew and distortion and
biasing- to defend and uphold that is a corruption, a compromise that is a
degradation and deteriorates whatever truth exists- thus, compromised code
as if secure also compromises the person wrongly believing its integrity
without being able to evaluate it in truth themselves or relying on others
who are untrusted or of unshared identity to guarantee ideas through trust
of technology or 'trust me' models- which if 'shared awareness' is not the
same or exploited, leads to exploits. whole OS platforms built upon this
and similarly exploited, though in a realm of double/triple schemes, etc.
so FAITH in TRUTH and in the truth of people and in the truth of ideas, yet
accounting for this truth, understanding it, being able to grapple with it
versus make and build assumption upon unreliant assumption that could be
built upon a threshold exploit (unknown unknowns) that bound interpretation
and yet another could be decrypting everything from the start because it is
built that way- just not understood by the users- thus 'trust the
algorithm' without dealing with 1:1 truth allows the A:B exploit its
tyrannical freedom to overlord and invisible hand events onesided. for
instance, if time travel there is a high likelihood the present day would
be governed from the future context and its administration over the
present  and taking this into account would be one approach and ignoring it
another and thus 'standing lies' could be seen as part of that SCIFI
framework in that actions do not add up in normal terms in day to day
policy and why is it that situations are being run off the cliff regularly
in parallel if not some 'beyond mainstream' policy decisions making sense
of shared madness
so if the truth of ideas is not dealt with, and the truth of people and the
truth of machines and technology, and the truth of code itself, and not
using actual *logic* beyond the binary evaluation, how much truth is there
really in these systems and relations by default of ignoring the reality,
and how much of the surreality that exists is based on the shared FALSE
framework that allows the oppression and oppressors their advantage... thus
the role of the logic bomb in taking down the kernel of the corrupt belief
that sustains the lie and the code that stands in truth truth as its sign
yet ungrounded, an entire standing empire built upon a too simple ideology-
now that is a security nightmare waiting to happen, for those on the inside
and with vested interest in seeing that it and their lifestyle continues,
say versus feedback from the oppressed and exploited... payback time.
--- more on bit set dynamics ---
here are some additional examples of various approaches; you could use
numbers in place of letters or vice versa, perhaps co-existing and thus to
flip and unflip sets...
   A B X
   1 2 24
Such that A is the first letter of the alphabet, B is second, and X is
twenty-forth. it could be taken further and sent back into letters by a
second pass:
   1 2 2 4
   A B B D
Optionally, from these same numbers it could instead be reformatted in that
the original 1 2 24 could become:
   12 24
    L X
Another approach could involve flipping the bit set characters prior to or
after expanded into massive constellations of data of the interiority, and
thus layers of overlapping interpretation could exist from the start which
could be part of the symbolic algorithm as it were:
   h i o x   /   x o ! y
there is a potentiality involved that could result in different expansions
and keyspaces and so it is an issue of what these are and how they could be
determined or shared- perhaps in the bit sets themselves or other keys or
it could be arbitrary and truly crystal ball 'seers' in given instances,
altered states that may align or be shared or unshared yet deliver info
also: this could occur without software in a massive distributed model yet
with software tools it could be something more in-line with crypto systems
of today and massive computation that probably could find ways to encode
and embed programs or documents via such techniques versus SMS equivalent
peer networking. say for instance the following bit set were evaluated:
  U SI 20 1LL 2Z O X LS
Perhaps it expands into a thousand character document, and that 'X' symbol
were notation that it should be twisted 45% and read at an angle, dropping
out certain symbols as noise and others would be retained by symmetry or
having multiple readings (say: N S Z in terms of rotation & reflection). In
terms of the mirroring of language, reading upside is a useful skill or
being able to have /superposition/ of alphanumbers and those substitutions
in mind and parsed in real-time evaluation- perhaps relevant, perhaps not.
yet a computer system could likely mine such data very effectively given
rules and decipher or encipher and puzzle data back into jack-in-the-boxes
that could be reused as structure, or so it is hypothesized
continuing with approaches, there is a certain interesting correlation with
certain letters and logic notation, such as p q p d that in their relations
demonstrate mirroring and so this is part of the structural of numbers and
letters that can indicate function or have distinct features as if puzzle
pieces that can and cannot fit together in given parameters of co-alignment
   p   q   p   d
   b   d   b   q
The ambiguity of this, yet also other options...
   b = |>   <| = d   etc.
perhaps even |> / as a trigraph as 'twist b, thus q'. yet any of this could
also be compressed or have multiple meanings depending on perspective and
the framework/s for evaluation.
the corollary to this is potentially sequencing of data structures though
again -- not linearly. multilinearly, nonlinearly, as permutative sets, the
total ecology of combined and related dynamics, CERN-level and weather
forecast modeling intensities... and still there may be infinite unknowns
even within the structural data if not having the keys to unlock it
another foundation aspect of this is character overlap and subtractions and
additions via their combined state; it is very difficult to convey without
images because it can be high resolution in a standardized context (16
segment display, square UNION JACK symbol of the ancient mastercode, HIOX).
and it is logic dependent in certain instances to figure out... first hint:
   b 8 d
The numeral '8' essentially can be a character in /superposition/ whereby
while the 7-segment is the seeming source for hexadecimal letters, it has a
potential substitution of: A, B, C, D, E, F, H, J, L, O, P, S, U.
Thus the words: bad, bed, bod, bud, in addition to other acronyms could be
seen as a potential, held within the shared overlapping structure of 8. it
is thus a *wildcard* bit, in terms of alphanumerics. The HIOX or union jack
symbol is 26 letters + 10 numbers for a single bit, by comparison. so
imagine the set evaluation of: b88d, in terms of including the hidden 13
other letters and how this may influence anagrams or other permutation
In a similar way, you could have a letter 'm' and break it into two letters
'n' or invert them, 'vv' which could be mirroring 'm' or 'w'. or turned
sideways and becoming 3 or E, that is, M or W. or c & c in a given view,
depending on the construct. consider another approach to overlap:
    3
    E
=  8
And further, into the larger alphabet...
    R
    L
=  8
This approach would include retaining the overlapping elements, thus
additive, whereas if subtractive- combining the number zero (O) sans null
slash (0) and capital letter i (I) assumed having full upper and lower bars
at top and bottom of vertical, would equate to an: equal always equal
symbol, orientated vertically. what is dissimilar is retained. this
abstraction in part required by the tools, unable to communicate most basic
information for lack of standard formating and basic display of 'code' as
it actually exists and is used. example of subtractive:
    R
    L
=  3
Perhaps this aspect of superposition is closer to that of /spin/ for
certain character features, whereas for a large capacity symbol such as '8'
or HIOX it is a much more vast range of set potentials to unpack via these
interrelational dynamics.
--- messing with HASH ---
it is still unknown if the parallel structure of a bit set as the string is
comprehended, such that [xyz] could function as a string yet also co-exist
in parallelism as [x|y|z] via set recombinations and expansions. [x] could
be anything, say 'the internet', [y] could be pi/1.666 and [z] letters A-H.
likewise, [x] could be symbol 1, say a purple dinosaur, [y] could be '8'
and [z] could be symbol 2. the slot machine really is vastly variable and
could involve multiply turning bounded infinities that tally in custom
circuits (outerlimits of enigma), and the 'string' could also be infinite,
such that both the bits and bit set could move towards infinity, such that:
  [infinity^1][infinity^2][infinity^3]...[infinity^N]
how could any machine possibly rationalize all of that? impossible. and
what if most of it is *noise*. it leads to interesting conditions for ideas
and algorithms, new territories perhaps, places without any maps or
infrastructure within existing _known technology. randomness, yessir.
like the Moholy-Nagy painting (ref.typo error) in a previous post, there
could be calculative dimensions involved in ordinary language, through its
transmutation and reimagining in its 'other variability'. imagine colliding
[hash 1] vs. [hash 2] and arriving at some kind of structuring... what if
it is the same 'bit set' that is collided with itself, yet transformed
from  bit set A to bit set A'. thus A x A' = new bit set
  u x w h  ==>  y m x u   ==  ? ? ? ?
Thus it would matter if it is additive or subtractive for what the new bit
set would be and what would be expanded in terms of its interiority.
so what if the english alphabet is 26 letters, A-M/N-Z and you run half of
these against the other, what kind of structures result. and what if you
take half of the alphabet and mirror it above itself then add/substract or
flip, or recombine in various ways, or two-letter sets, adjacent and
non-adjacent-- suddenly it is off the map, unexplored symbolic territory
perhaps, and that is seemingly something else entirely in terms of meaning;
and for the naive like myself, how might this relate to various encoding
schemes that use character sets and symbols for data transmission, are they
substitutable or could they even function as a deep data code (signage
going into and through data instead of only across as linear strings), and
what kind of access/entry and egress and circulation may this allow, open
up or prevent in terms of traditional data models and also processing. it
would seem in some way related to a compass with magnetic north and true
north, though that could be widely variant and easily polarity could be
lost and someone could be heading south or 'up' or 'down' without knowing
it, in flatland terms of bounded interdimensionality
also, language translation, western european languages, umlauts and other
details related to extra-textual cues or clues perhaps
   venezia & venice
what would the different keyspaces expand into if only some of the
structure is shared, yet the idea is essentially identical, such that the
signage maps onto the same concept, empirically, via translation-- is it an
issue of distortion, cultural frameworks of language that format structures
and how might these be bridged or is it a limitation to the model, thus can
bit set dynamics occur only in A:A frameworks or can A1:A2 also function to
a threshold limit, until A:B is reached, or may it also function at A=B,
insofar as the structure of A is retained within the structure of B:
   A <---> B{A}
and further, consider if the 'translation' was a particle collision and
thus the probing of molecular structuring shared and unshared between the
two concepts, attaining higher resolution of their shared dynamics via
interrogating their relations, grounding and mapping and testing of
assumptions into a common empirical framework- as if language is the basis
for conceptual infrastructure
--- note on correlations ---
having written about this elsewhere and forgotten a specific clarification,
pattern recognition itself is about this sign=sign matching, yet assumes
that the match itself equals truth and this is not the case, it is a faulty
assumption and an ideology that the truth of language is in the sign itself
and not what it is referencing. thus an apple would be the word apple
versus an apple itself and the 'idea' of what an apple is, its potential
superposition of meaning. this is the binary plague of ideas everywhere
evident in technology-- the potential of technology now making toys for
adolescent adults based on limited viewpoints, goals, and shared purpose.
mathematics begins with patterns. understanding and deciphering them.
yet it is this recognition that must occur in a A=A framework for it to be
actually true (1), and thus the refinement of ideas and removing falsity
from pseudo-truth and using hypotheses prior to declaring theories, as is
the empirical methodology. and so TRUTH is foundational to mathematics,
knowing what is true from what is false, and relating this to an A=A and
A=B evaluative context, which is Plato/Aristotle and others of course.
and yet if a mathematician arrives at an equation, or a person proposes a
universal idea, it is not just that they have found a "pattern" that seems
to fit, it is that it must correlate with other structures and patterns in
their known integrity, that is "truth". so there is a relation in truth for
the evaluation of truth. (thus: binary assumption of truth extends all the
way to all subsequent assumptions based upon it).
so testing hypotheses and ideas and equations and finding flaws is the
vital process and obligation of error-correction and refinement and the
changing of the model or hypothesis or pattern conceptualization so as to
better align with what is known to be true, verifiably so (1=1) versus
relaying on something know false and relying on its structure (1=0) for
further such 'ideas' and 'equations' as an error-based structure and
viewpoint, which can get religious even, and is hugely invested in the
ideological, where questions have long ago been answered and unasked since
even when facts and evidence refute the claims. thus limits, boundaries
allow even faulty pattern-recognition to persist by keeping out
error-correcting observations. and 'empirical' observation is thus limited
to only those facts and views that support the claims, ideas, equations.
this is why logic is so critical to determining and accounting for truth
and evaluating 'structures' that supposedly carry its /momentums/. the
trusswork of ideology that may be corroded to such a degree to collapse yet
carry the weight of a society, these areas of weakness offlimits for any
interpretation, protected by retaliatory violence to allow virtualized
viewpoint to continue, while endangering all who rely upon the error-rate.
the 'binary logic' that is falsely absolute yet unaccounted for can thus
"exist" in a bubble civilization yet only through dictatorial tyranny that
is against its evaluation, most especially in logical terms, these also
being the most self-evident and only way to actually describe what is
occurring as it occurs conceptually, structurally. everyone knows, yet the
'reasoning' itself is made off-limits and thus the incapacity to say for
lack of a way of accurately 'recognizing' and accounting for the events.
in this way a [sign] could be interpreted one way by a binarist and another
by an observer of 3-value or N-value paradoxical logic. the pattern that is
encountered may appear identical yet its mapping into structural frameworks
of truth could be entirely different, and more accurate than another.
so it is an issue of intelligence, how these signs are interpreted, and in
a more general sense [patterns]. and thus C.P. Snow and the Two Cultures
allows consideration of the mathematical evaluation versus linguistic, or
'literature' as a basis for this interpretation, leading to numbers and
equations in the former and alphabets and writing in the latter. though
perhaps with mathesis that division related to pattern recognition is of a
previous era, and instead 'literacy' has moved closer whereby concepts of
"programming" (ala Lewis Mumford) have "symbolic processing" as a skill
that present-day once future populations were predicted to need to survive
  symbolic processing ===> [patterns] (signs & symbols)
thus, patterns could involve both mathematics and language, equations and
words, and some overlap could occur or exist as it relates to the nature of
thinking itself-- such that, while 'binary' views may be easily taken on as
a quick route to decision-making, looping probabalistic reasoning via
multiple hypotheses autonomic and conscious are the ways the nervous system
and brain actually work, in a context of navigating absolute truth and
falsity, including constantly refining and add and querying data against
contingent models and not simply discarded what is unlike thus 'false'.
in this way, an approach to thinking that is ungrounded in experience and
natural observation itself can become religious dictate via indoctrinating
people into an inaccurate framework and basis for shared awareness and
relations that are A=B in terms of pattern recognition, customizing POVs to
a warped, skewed pseudotruth that tends to zero, as a compass and guide.
The kernel is wrong, faulty, yet cannot be error corrected, power says,
government enforces, institutions crushing the facts, observers, denying
and censoring and outlawing illegal patterns, universal perspective.
Thus there is truth and falsity where A=A and A=/=B reside, and this is the
basis for establishing logic. that is, A=A is the pattern match, and A=B is
the false match, the errored idea.
  T/F <--> logic
And depending on the 'logic' used for evaluation, that will then influence
what is and can be observed, such that:
  T/F <--> {binary|paradoxical}
  T/F <--> binary --> 1/0
  T/F <--> paradox --> 1/N/0
such that, the logic then influences the observed patterning:
  T/F <--> logic <--> [patterns]
In this situation 'code' could be the patterns that are assumed true and
accurate for sake of being operational in a binary framework, whereas with
a paradoxical evaluation this truth is not presupposed, instead questioned
because it is and always remains contingent- a hypothesis that requires
testing, challenging, verification, validation and continual error-
correction-- else, via entropy itself, the inherent fallibility of partial
observers within limited frameworks would be taken as if truth itself,
absolute, even though inaccurate, faulty, by lack of godlike omniscience.
logical reasoning is what this testing and error correction are all about
yet if it occurs in a binary framework the observational bias continues to
see itself as 'correct', infallible observers because they can equate the
sign they believe is something with the thing itself apple is the word and
not the larger external reference- and thus 'signage' stands in for and
begins to mediate truth irrespective of its external validation, within a
false empire of signs and symbols-- mathematics and language that becomes
and is detached from reality, its own virtual word of anything goes...
that is, it may in part connect with truth, yet be assumed 'all true' or
absolute, by selective observation based on power dynamics for reasoning,
which gets into brute force peer pressure to engineer truth via bullying
dynamics, censorship, violence against unshared views, blacklisting,
attacks on equipment and tools, etc, to shut down the other observations
that error check and correct and *falsify* the believers code, who make
their bread on lies and deception, knowingly or not. thus:
 truth <--> logic <--> [math/lang] <--> [patterns]
and in this same way, the observers and perceptual framework could exist
in  a paradoxical approach, more towards mathesis in terms of higher
literacy, whereas the binary is by comparison illiterate to everything
outside it limited and controlled framework...
 truth <--> logic <--> [code] <--> [patterns]
And all of this about 'reality' and issues of shared observation and
identity, shared and unshared, that allows 'truthful' and false patterns to
exist and /represent/ ideas, events, people, accurate or not.  mathematics
and language are both reliant on logic and truth, and the verification of
pattern recognition is in A:A and A:B dynamics, which are evaluated and
justified via truth and logic, and a too-simple approach is a basis not
only for structural insecurity, it can be a planned exploit of civilization
and thus as the "language" or discourse continues in confusing by assuming
A=B, many nefarious activities are allowed within that inaccurate context.
true evil, and its justification on the normalization of these dynamics and
the mediocrity that is allowed and allows for it, as a 'consensus view'
that is based in non-truth, only ideologically accurate to a partial view
(pT=>0, whereby B>A).
that is a context for crypto then, because 'secret communication' and
'hidden writing' can occur both within mathematic and linguistic structure
that is in that same context, including an undifferentiated logic, whereby
the binary may exist in a bounded realm that the 3-value or N-value could
likewise inhabit and move in and through and outside of, via its other
dimensionality, yet more accurately account for absolutes (1 and 0) due to
a weighted, more accurate evaluative framework for shared empiricism than a
rough, coarse, inaccurate all-or-nothing approach that is knowingly false
from the start, in that it is unreal, detached from limits of observation
and made into a fiction, and thus fictionalizes everything as its result.
in other words: [patterns] can be in superposition, yet not in a binary
mindset because they can not be evaluated this way, as /ideas/. instead it
remains shallow and on the surface of the sign, too simple pattern
recognition whereby the belief that A=A is its own confirmation as long as
the pattern matches, the image is believed to be what it is, then it is by
default correct and true (1), due to the sign itself, not its grounding.
  truth <--> logic <--> crypto <--> [patterns]
Thus if considering ideas in this context, ideas of patterns, ideas of
crypto, the models of what are going on _must be accounted for within truth
and within an accurate logical evaluation and a binary approach (via logic)
is not this-- it is like playing paddy-cake paddy-cake to get the results
and seeing the layer cake as an end in itself, its own verification and
self-validation, if not narcissism-- i wear the badge, therefore i must be.
in other words, as is mentioned many times over a crypto system is not
inherently or necessarily a secure system just because it is cryptographic
though some may relate to [crypto] as a sign that equates with it without
getting into the error checking of ideas, truth of models, and assume or
allow models that cannot be tested and thus, limit/exploit scenarios by
this approach, where crypto functions against the role of crypto in society
and 'the sign' becomes its own antithesis, whereby 'to encrypt' is actually
'to decrypt' in another hidden context-- and that logically, when only
partial truth is active, this is probable, beyond 50% likelihood given that
several false assumptions may be relied upon that the truth is only minor
about what security may exist- say with factoring outside of quantum or
other computing architectures, which become dogmatic, faith-based beliefs
that everyone knows are bounded observations- thus contingent, unless you
have access to the deep underground labs or other galaxies resources.
it is the same situation with architecture and anti-architecture or those
who look human yet have antihuman agendas (bladerunner-esque), in that the
sign of something can be camouflage, a ploy, a substitute or stand-in that
is not the thing itself (mimic) and references another unshared grounding
(say A-> B) versus what is assumed (A-> A'). so, the signage could be
pointing in a given direction, yet going in the opposite, and in this way
instead of modeling truth and aligning with it (A=A) it could be subverting
and moving away from it (B), yet appear to static or "said to be moving
toward it via language and reference to other signs" (A=>A' actually B=>B').
in this way, [crypto] can move towards falsity in a binary framework, yet
with paradox this falsity could be multiple, beyond those controlled by the
binary approach and its /controlled signage/, beyond the limited threshold
and its particular interpretation, thus feasibly invisible, incalculable.
this would require reframing thesis-antithesis (and synthesis) in a dueling
context of binary and paradoxical logic, which itself would be the compass
and basis for a kernel, from my naive view, for the core of the dynamics.
another way of saying it: you can have all the code you want, yet if it is
not grounded you're fucked.
--- conceptualization of hidden interiority --
i found these paintings online that to me indicate a conceptual correlation
with visualization of the expanded bit sets in their venn context...
# Ordered Chaos 12 & 14
# Tao Of Physics, Quantum Space
--- decrypt for feedback ---
_ |v JL 3 p\ w Z 7r : 2 6
 I N T  E R E S T  i N G

@_date: 2013-09-15 19:40:17
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [3] sampling continued 
_ | v J L 3 p \ w Z 7 r : 2 6
This class blew my mind

@_date: 2013-09-14 22:09:37
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [4] hash funktion 
--- code play ---
first to reference the previous transparent ziplock with letters (ACID) to
provide conceptual framework for what follows... and how the *interpretive*
aspect of the code, its encoding/decoding and encrypting/decrypting, may
likewise relate in some way as a transformative, calculative process (if
not phase-change). not going theory, just abstraction into a realm of
N-dimensions and probability versus linear equation exegesis...
here are some online resources then for examining the letters [A,C,I,D], as
recombinational variables:
 Anagram Server mentioned two solutions:
    CAD I, and ACID
 Word Finder lists 8 word solutions:
   4 letters: acid, cadi, caid
   3 letters: aid, cad
   2 letters: ad, ai, id
And other scrabble word searches find additional, including 'da' and 'i'
So there are these permutative interactions that can occur within and
between signs (letters and their arrangement, though also symbols) and this
is mapped out to some degree with anagrams, palindromes, ambigrams, rebus',
kangaroo words (word within a word), and so on.
 anagrams, and 9 other names for alphabetical antics
In terms of language, this is a zone of paradox where multiple meanings
could exist in a 'string' that could have more than one interpretation, say
the word 'top' and 'top', one indicating 'the upper part of something' and
the other 'a child's toy' via dictionary reference. yet without context how
can you determine which viewpoint is correct: is there actually a 1:1
meaning or is it one to many? Thus, in some sense, weighted given the
environment it occupies for observation. Thus paradox, though also
superposition, and an aspect of the unknown or mystery within the ordinary
and everyday that in a binary worldview would seek to determine a 1:1
answer and discard the other 'variables', and linearly "progress" in such
computations down a particular _unique path that then is equated with _the
correct path, analytically, even though potentially arbitrary or flawed.
Any such search engines for 'words' can be broken via substitutions, as
mentioned before, and doing so would limit or bound the interpretation to a
smaller set. Thus using a number one instead of capital 'i' causes the
library reference to ignore the variable, discard it from consideration,
and only analyze ACD; returning only 3 sets: cad, ad, da. So it moves from
8 words to 3 words due to illiteracy or incapacity to translate or
substitute, as mentioned previously.
Yet once again consider the ACID letters, in particular the letter 'I'
again as it may be hypothetically or conceptually connected to the letter D
and result in new letter potentials: P, d, q, b --- likewise the letter 'C'
could be turned sideways into the letters U and n.  Note the transgression
of upper and lowercase alphabets, opening up a much wider range of letter
combinations via allowing multiple scales to co-exist in the evaluative
framework. Further, the letters C and I can be combined into a second
letter D.
Thus A,C,I,D, can become [A,C,I,D,D,U,n,p,d,q,b] as a potential string, if
'suspending judgement' and allowing time to configure and reconfigured *in
a probability space* these co-existing parallel potentials. inputting the
string (aciddunpdqb) at the Scrabble Word Finder leads to 110 words, with
six letters the highest word count of eleven total.
A question being, is the 'string' ACID really only ACID, as if 1:1 in terms
of code and its meaning, and if 'decrypted' perhaps CAD I would be a
result; and likewise, what if this could range to 110 words, without
considering two or more letter acronyms and abbreviations, and then, each
of these unpacked "variables" could potentially be related to one another
as a structural framework from which to further reveal or construct code,
such as via the subset words: candid, baud, pin. Perhaps keys or a bermuda
triangle zone that submerges or reveals purposefully scuttled content. This
location related to another inside the same hash function: cab, pain, quid;
or yet another: cabin, cupid, id.
Essentially sets related if not collided and run against other sets, one
against many, symmetries or asymmetrical dynamics, spins, planes, fields,
layers, levels, zones of meaning shared and unshared. Perhaps someone could
even have the key and yet get lost in the ever expanding forest of never
ending choices, thus: the labyrinth is constructed by each interaction and
decision and without the correct context, variables in their superposition
could remain hidden in their correct interpretation (A=A)
how could you know without an observer of shared identity and same model of
empirical truth to reference, given N-possibilities for each choice and
evaluation, potentially, as this is bounded by whatever the keyspace may
be: only capital letters, alphanumeric plus symbols, whatever. and
likewise, in terms of computation and equipment, could this same HASH
function be recreated _without identical equipment, due to the floating
point aspect (if it were to still exist) in computating irrational numbers,
given a necessary boundary to stop and round up or down at that limit, thus
forcing alphabets or equations into one hash scenario or another-- and
could enough of this be controlled to even allow two machines to function
identically or may there inherently be noise (chaos) between them, and so
it is an issue of approximation, creating the same structures via unpacking
a superposition ~bit-string and yet having variability still within these
parallel models
It just reminds so much of enigma and patch cords that perhaps the the RNG
with patch-cord like custom circuit wiring could tweak machines to a shared
match or 'entangled parallelism' that technology may be limited in allowing
due to limits to standardization at the level of unique processors with
slightly different characteristics, processor temperatures or working
transistors that could somehow effect computation, speed, rounding, at what
boundary the evaluation is bounded. perhaps different bounding could
provide different codes or access: abc^10 opening up one hash and abc^2
opening up another entirely different subset universe in terms of what
appears in its relational structuring. different tech, different hashspace
(?) given how much infinity can be modeled and to what extent -- And thus
what might keys be. what if the starting variable was used multiple times,
such as opened at one level and then reopened at another, and these
compared, or some mathematical computation occurring to parse each against
the other, and using that derivation for the keyspace. The idea of custom
wiring in addition just unpacking then potentially allowing one version of
crypto-signage to be used many times and in many different ways, as if
signpost even or relay or storage device, as if such crypto could be
infrastructure, if not alive like a sensor network in terms of feeding and
routing information through such matrices
it is curious if perhaps this is opposite the idea of the hash, in that it
is an inversion or reverse hash function or something such, due to its
exponentiality of parallelism and superposition versus linearity that
appears standard to the naive outside observer of this.
Just to provide a different example entirely, for consideration- imagine a
two variable string, [v][w], in this superposition context. Despite the
known transmutations such as the letters being flipped and turned, such
that two letters v = w, or when flipped could equate to acronym 'mn', it is
more than a single letter as the variable and instead, say, the signs S and
O that are overlapped for a single variable [v], such that their layering
appears as if the number 8 or letter B. and likewise, a second variable as
letters F and L traced atop one another, resulting in the combined letter
E, much like a Jasper Johns painting or 7 segment or 16 segment display. In
this approach, [B][E] then could, as a 'string' carry these other letter
potentials within it or could no longer be decipherable as a standard
alphabet letter and instead as a structural pattern, and then computation
could occur via breaking down these patterns in that abstraction, mapped to
potential letters and numbers and their recombination. For instance the
letter B is equivalent to number 8 and via 7-segment displays, encompasses
all numbers 0-9 in its geometry. Thus what if [3][E] were suddenly
evaluated in a context of letters [S,O,B,E,L,F] and its 47 words unpacked
from this starting point; say 'fobs' <=> 'lobes', as a subset universe
within which, via another key, may match to a circuit elsewhere or provide
meaning and thus 'shared framework for interpretation' whether intentional
or unintentional. likewise, lesbo and sol, fe, Io, os & so -- leading into
potential transcendent oblivion... or other dimensionality beyond what can
be determined, predicted or controlled even- the RNG as REG, tapping cosmic
circuitry as if interdimensional tendrils of noosphere
--- another aspect ---
in terms of superposition variables, the length of [x] in the string
[x,y,z] could be _anything. the bit as container could hold a bounded
infinity, it could hold a mathematical function, it could hold five numbers
or a hundred million trillion, or could nest or subset other variables in
chained relations, such that x = xz. and thus a larger string could
generate more complex entry code or certain structures, yet it may be
unrelated to solving the interior of the hashing package because its inside
is larger than its outside
symbols especially relevant here, HIOX, fractal codes, ciphers within
signage so that it is beyond ordinary language to begin with, such an
approach could be two variable and encompass a vast universe of relations,
say as a partial HIOX symbol (16 segment) or fractal-based sign of letters
embedded one inside the next, say a Y being letters I and V combined, yet
far beyond this and into a keyword written inside a starting letter, at
scale, and moving downward or across, and having that be a variable that
unpacks certain letters and characters and not others, thus potentially
relating this outside with inside via the starting string, thus providing
context via its superposition options that may be more complex
"structurally", all of this requiring a standard approach that is shared,
grounded in truth and logical reasoning, to allow 'the language as code' to
be useful for shared communication, carrying ideas, or being the idea-
seemingly about providing context, creating the conditions allowing for
such interpretation to exist
also, it should be noted that this could easily involve numbers and so
alphanumerics could exist in a state of superposition between their
mathematical and linguistic meaning, again 'variable' in terms of
interpretive framework; for instance, a number 4 may be missing its
hypotenuse or upper-left bracket -- given character style or typographic
standard -- and thus it may look instead like a sideways letter T, in some
sense. And thus the glyph representing sideways-T could *potentially*
occupy both the realm of the letter T and-or the number 4 in terms of
superposition, given that it is somewhat corrupted or incomplete or has
extra information (such as Q and O similarly).
thus a starting bit-string could have strange symbols that could map into
letters and numbers via transformation (its de|con-struction via
constructions and destructions) of subset relations and dynamics, unpacking
particular characters and relations, creating a particular type of noise
field for other content, perhaps framing it for interpretation. And thus
language itself, tending towards noise if not illegible, may look like
actual hash code to start the string, then unpack its contained information
based on these variables that may normalize within certain parameters and
not others, providing both signal and noise- and perhaps having multiple
keys or no keys and to be accessed or referenced via temporary tunings or
harmonizations, as if emergent data, or a particular correlated state of
shared mind, et cetera
--- example ---
so i could provide a ~bit-string (do not know the correct word so that is a
conceptual placeholder until someone those knows what this is define the
concepts accurately) such as the following and it could be assumed to
operate and function within these stated dynamics...
   [nv+x!]
in other words: [n][v][+][x][!]
And here is what i think is peculiarly interesting- is that i could shared
with you 'the key' that created this string, for a subsequent parallel hash
function, via superposition, yet it may or may not be relevant to what is
unpacked on the inside unless it were activated, and thus it is like an
on/off switch that may not be in the interpretative context and so can be
routed around if compromised, or used as ruse and trap to set up
alternative interior corridors and pathways to checkmate mimics via false
so, running through the example... potentials: n, c, u, v, n, >, <, +, t,
j, r, x, +, v, y, ., l, i, !
Note duplications are added for combination potentials, especially useful
for acronyms or symbolic 'compressed' meaning, mirroring of palindromes,
etc. likewise, punctuation is allowed for its dual-use language capacity,
the exclamation point rotated into the lowercase letter i, and period
useful perhaps in other ways as well. As with plus sign and the lowercase
t.  the issue of archetypal transference alongside transformative mutation,
as if organization, allowing for entropic reversal or coherence gains even
via losses, such is the "calculus" of the signage, as if moving from
concept 1 (speed) to concept 2 (acceleration) yet within a different
conceptual realm, wide ranging if not arbitrary
and thus the issue of *potential*, as with potential energy- *potential
meaning* and potential interpretation, framework, structure, that may exist
momentarily or collapse given shared or unshared identity, referent,
so it would be possible to say 'cat' is what generated the original string,
the upside-down caret (^) removed of the crossbar a hint or clue to the
uppercase A at another scale (uppercase versus lower), and the plus sign
functioning as a category-crossing letter t. and that could be the basis
for generating the hash funktion, via this string-- and it may or may not
be relevant, it may or may not be used beyond this threshold, it may or may
not be the framework once the interior is unpacked, and this depends on the
keyspace and how many variables will be referenced on the inside, though
could also be on the outside as well, and only [n,v,+] could be used in
their permutations and nested recombinations- meaning different hashes
could be referenced and made active depending either on generating key, as
a partial string (thus secret) or it could be entirely open and yet of an
unshared POV, bounded and limited in observation via threshold of
eavesdropper, and thus their biasing could force only some variables and
not others, which it is proposed may make it nearly impossible to decipher
externally without knowing what is being communicated in a given framework
or context that is only partially observed and evaluated. such that it may
not add up the same, just as unpacking the string with different hardware
capabilities may generate different random interrelations as noise though
also structure, if somehow calculations are not tuned A:A and instead it is
closer to A1=A2, though compensated for. it is as if relativism itself is
the encryption envelope, its warping skew distortion where the data can
hide within and between and the revealed structures *whatever they may be*
could be one-time pad connections or stable grids or force fields spanning
multiple such hash universes that interconnect or feed data one into
another again perhaps like wormholes
further, phonetics could be used for substitutions such that the original
lowercase letter 'c' and its subset [v, ^, c, n] could be replaced by 'k'
such that kat=cat in terms of pronunciation yet has no trace of a c from
which to decipher via a dictionary search, unless phonetic. in this way the
original string [nv+x!] could instead be: [kv+x!] and generate an entirely
different inferiority to reference, which may or may not be keyed to 'cat'
in any given instance, unless it were to be, yet may not reveal anything
even if the key is known, given perspective and variable timing and
interpretations. it could be throwaway or only active on occasion or a
divining method such as organizing cards out of a Tarot deck for reading, a
process that establishes interpretation though in a magical context, and
thus perhaps more ritual or procedural yet still an important vital step.
i.e. if everything is in tune, because the arbitrary could cut either way
if not 'literate' and capable of handling this kind of code and
interpretation as it were- it could drive you crazy
of all the myriad possibilities, this is a infinitesimal example and it
would be in the collection of all various techniques and approaches and
evaluation and surveying their coherence and decoherence dynamics and
related functionality that perhaps a new approach to coding could be
developed in this alphanumeric and symbolic parallelism where sign=sign is
essentially outside of the language as it operates in consciousness, unless
brought into a realm of shared truth (1) and shared perspectives for
exchange. thus creating or *revealing* that realm, essentially navigable
infinity and issues of markers, lighthouses, obelisks, waypoints,
ecosystems and ecologies, mazes, traps, that mapping data or mining,
storing, conveying, relaying information within preexisting contexts,
frameworks, could be utilized- made infrastructural, another paradigm
entirely that aligns with consciousness, not the deadzone of the silicon
wasteland as if final destiny of life with the singularity, leading to
death and nothingness as ideal future.
current and currency. a realm for those literate and of shared awareness.
keeping the lies and the liars and their falsehood out of the equations,
trapping them in their own false perspectives and thus bounding the
interaction while the false perspective is dismantled, freezing everything
binary in its place while the word keeping spinning. this, perhaps a
reverse-vertigo effect of the nonsensibility of the perceived world, though
from another point of view. the oppressive ideology extinguished, no longer
capable of sustaining the lies and controlling events from an external
position, losing power of 'shared awareness' by dissimilar or dismantled
structures-- sitting ducks. quack,quack.

@_date: 2013-09-14 04:37:19
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [2] error correction 
quote:  Subvert logical reasoning, disallow it, including freedom of speech
and thinking and censoring and controlling what facts are allowed -
controlling POV - then the opposite occurs:  B ---> A, such that  pT => T
Subvert logical reasoning, disallow it, including freedom of speech and
thinking, censoring and controlling what facts are allowed - controlling
POV - then the opposite occurs:  the viewpoint of B 'overtakes' A such that
an error-reliant pseudo-truth (0) = truth (1)
This is critical to establishing the false perspective, basically a hack by
removing logic from reasoning via faith-based binary ideology as a means to
control 'programming' populations, institutions, the state and world itself
via what amounts to submission and servitude to lies and the grand
Note: this relies on B=A which leads to B>A and pT=T, which leads to pT(0)

@_date: 2013-09-14 04:25:28
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [2] sampling 
more ideas...
--- re: transparent ziplock example ---
In the previous post addendum [1] the following link was provided for
artwork that demonstrates a most immediate aspect for how "cryptography"
can function within everyday language situations in a realm of mutable
signs and symbolism.
transparent ziplock with acid written on it, yellow letters inside, by Ray
Geary (?)
Here is a quick viewpoint for how it might or could be read, whether or not
the intended meaning; (basically it potentially involves superposition as
the letters could be in different positions of rearrangement (ACID) given
their movement in the bag, so chaos or arbitrariness are inherent)... the
off-kilter AC could reference 'alternating current', referencing a back and
forth movement in relation to power, [if not also air conditioner], the
letters I and D could ping the idea of 'the id' which is a dark realm of
the psyche where subterfuge may exist and their backwards reading, Defense
Intelligence. Likewise the letters C and I could relate to
counterintelligence (CI) and intelligence community (IC). The 'C' and 'I'
could be put back together into a second capital letter D which would
change the four letters to three, leaving ADD as another potential. This in
a context of acid as mentioned in the previous post about ushering in
armageddon, forcing splits, etc, as the context for 'variables' and their
meaning, grounded or not. If you think about it though, the assumption of a
secure "brown paper bag" instead being an insecure "transparent ziplock
bag" - including with its contents on the outside as a 'signage' - it has
interesting corollary to issues of both a false encryption regime, which
essentially ramps up the paranoia level, though also the jumbled letters
may also signify more could be occurring than simply a repetition or A:A
relation between what the signage says (ACID) and the contents (A,C,I,D) in
their structurally detached 'linear' state.
For instance, a search of the Internet Anagram Server for the word ACID
only provides two possibilities for rearranging the original meaning using
these same letters, the original word itself (ACID) and (CAD I). And yet
just looking at acronyms or other 'known' cultural examples - shared
libraries of knowledge or understanding as it were - then opens up other
levels of interpretative possibility. In this way, concepts such as
counterintelligence, defense intelligence, intelligence community,
alternating (power) current, the id, who knows- AI and DC even further,
then potentially "decrypt" actual meaning or relevance to what it may mean
if the supposed security of encryption is knowingly subverted and yet the
lies are being sold as a mainstream perspective- and what that may result
in, in terms of a transparency within "security products" and industry.
It probably is a lot more involved than this, such that there could be
levels or layers to encryption that exist beyond 'the letters' in the
transparent envelope, which is assumed what is actually happening in a
double-model where security does exist, yet is invisible and extends beyond
the signs as delivered, carrying placards "this is a secret". So perhaps
counterintelligence is built-into encryption, as a trapdoor and some other
encryption approach functions as a failsafe within that, yet unidentified
or unmediated using the same approaches, algorithms or conceptual
communication channels. Which was the point about language, though likewise
could extend into different mathematics that take 'the message' received
upon decrypt or before decrypting, and decrypt otherwise. In other words,
the artwork provides example that the external 'sign' read by surveillers
and the transparent package contents could be assumed A=A, whereby
ACID=ACID and it is of finite meaning as a decrypted message, whereas if
the label (ACID) and the contents could be interpreted beyond this via A=B
analysis, the message may not be decrypted if the assumption remains the
inside meaning is bounded only at ACID, and not involving AC, CI, IC, DI,
ID, DC, ADD, etc.
Another aspect would be if noise was added such that a number 1 replaced
the capital i, as the label and contents, and then "keyword" software may
never consider ACID as the word or other connections, due to a category
error, such that the set {ACD,1} may not be interpreted that way
machinically, if not programmed for this basic substitution, and thus AC,
DC may result though nothing like CI, IC, DI, ID, which would bound
potential meaning as a result. Whereas these substitutions could be obvious
for a person who is on the lookout or reads this way, such that texts can
function like puzzles and if in a context of secret communications, can be
solved or resolved via such methods.
It seems then an issue of *how do you know* what is a correct
interpretation? And that is again like cloud-code, scrying, crystal ball
skills involving the revealing of patterns as they align with other
structures, and find grounding. The decrypt, whether from another person or
'psychic intelligence' tapped out of noosphere, relies upon the observer
and their state of being, sane to insane, and how well they are grounded in
truth, or reliant upon falsity, and how this interpretation either is
stable and reliable or destabilizes and leads to paranoia and
self-destruction by not having the skills to mediate ideas from within
noisefields, like a Random Event Generator or scrying device. A high-risk
thus could be involved and without a solid foundation in truth it could
lead to significant problems in thinking, with high likelihood of losing
mental grasp with day to day existence, and thus promoting a schizoid
condition via unanswered or assumed perspectives, the hall of mirrors of
wrong assumptions, and all the private chaos that could generate and also
be noticeable to others, as a person goes off the deep end into la la land
or no man's land, a point of no return, which can lead to extreme behavior,
justifications, etc. Thus the issue of limits of interpretation and
personal limits of awareness, could cause one person to immediate violent
action due to unresolved, unlivable mental conditions whereas another may
be able to think or understand beyond that boundary and continue
functioning. So the psychic snap effect is likely related to a threshold of
awareness and understanding, the ability to find and attain grounding in a
world of subversion and locate a path to continued existence. This would be
especially interesting if those who realize they are trapped then are
provided an opening, turned, via these same means, because there is really
no way out of it once captured within the labyrinth. It is final.
Another cultural reference, somewhat analogous is Johnny Carson's repeated
skits of Carnac the Magnificent, where he takes a sealed envelope and holds
it up to his head  while wearing huge turban (perhaps secret tech inside)
and derives an answer for a question via psychic investigation of the
contents, which then is tested against the actual question in the envelope,
opened and recited, completing the joke.
Johnny Carson as "Carnac" from 1974
This appears in some way equivalent to a false encryption scheme (via
psychic key escrow perhaps) that allows encrypted communications to be
accessed and read remotely yet appear secure and untouched. Perhaps this
root access or god-like access would be assumed in any scenario of
civilization in a context of power struggles, how could it feasibly not be,
and yet perhaps a further consideration would be *malice* and misuse of
this potential, versus a beneficence, watchful eye, protecting aspect. That
could equate to *trust government* at some point, yet what if the
government interfaced is venal, corrupt, contemptuous of human values and
no longer serving the citizenry.. or more specifically- only their private
citizenry. In such a case, the false encryption could bound or trap their
activities within it, while allowing them to monitor enemies using the same
technology, and so the ultimate setup scenario could exist via and within
the corruption. The nightmare of state, by comparison to comedy skit, would
be if a person could query the ur database of secrets at any time, get an
answer, and use it against you for their personal and shared group
advantage, for an antihuman agenda. There are indications this is actually
what is going on, including with blacklists, and it is wide in the open,
businesses and organizations micropoliticized, 'standing armies' even
within workforces, conflicts mediated by control over accounting
spreadsheets and expenditures, who gets access or moves ahead and who is
sidelined, versus overt violence. Soft war, balkanization, though also
Vietnam War fracturing, taking of sides, forcing splits and oppositional
dynamics within daily environments and interactions. And then these kinds
of activities, supported by supposedly 'secure' encryption involved as
infrastructure and the "complexity" of that, all computers, their
obfuscatory aspects that can be both a hinder and a help if the subversion
or false floors are built-into the code regime, and when triggered for
collapse, impaling ideological adherents in response.
Related to this would be psychic activity as a basis for shared relations,
as it relates to shared knowledge or secret communications, versus those
who are not like this. Perhaps the toxic pollutive wi-fi blanketing
environments is a countermeasure, to short-circuit the atmosphere, fill it
with thick signals of electromagnetic fog to disorient the tuning of
interconnection even. Such that not only is it promoting long term EMF
side-effects of cancer, the wireless radio and computer and cellphone
signals are jamming and blocking the mind from functioning, both inside and
between individuals and the larger group, in additional to animal life,
including colony collapse of bees, etc. What is not active covert warfare
about these crimes against nature and humanity? Instead, "bureaucratic
language" can choose to only validate and interpret one side of the issue
(binary bias) that sides with the same technocratic agenda as delivered by
scientists and technologists, made standard, made a basis for profit and
'the economy' that is functioning against humans and the earth itself. And
because both the role of electromagnetism in this situation is actively
censored out of existence and because "logic" itself has been removed from
education entirely, such that relativistic pseudo-truth based on
authoritative control has essentially become the means for dictatorial
power, that *no feedback is possible* to correct these mechanisms because
they are actually part of the masterplan, decades if not centuries old and
underway, to defeat humanity. So what if observers are not even allowed to
think, allowed to freely observe, and a natural state of being even becomes
criminalized (in some way perhaps related to anarchists and libertarian
issues or policy views here). What if that state or corporate agenda
actually diminishes a society's health and vast many peoples ability to
think or relate in a *sane context* versus an insane, unstable, toxic,
sick, unhealthy, oppressive environment. Think kindergarteners who go to
then go to the same gradeschool and junior high for 8 more years, sitting
in classrooms for hours a day, in direct proximity to a massive active
cellphone tower that is without question bathing them in sickness inducing
toxic radiation* via long-term exposure- and that likewise, people in
apartments are likewise criminally exposed to such hazards, by design. What
allows *words* to have so little shared meaning that the truth involved can
be removed from the signs, via legal -protection clauses- (security), and
cannot be related back to truth, to defeat the scam? People are literally
dying and being made deathly ill, for profit, by the obfuscatory approach--
like that transparent ziplock, the evil planning agenda, and yet nothing is
or can be done to stop it apparently because LOGIC is absent from
reasoning, people are illiterate and unable to communicate about what is
actually going on as the situation has been made ever-more 'variable' via
relativism, you can choose what to believe and have a friction-free
lifestyle versus consider other humans, the results of decisions. And thus
Babel fully realized, complete incoherence of worldview and local
observation, everything is skew, warping and distortion- all of it as
simple as the Binary Code Regime allows. It does not exist, just keep
believing in the false perspective, stay within the herd that is benefiting
and surviving- you can be one of them if only you let go of your delusions.
(*not to mention interaction between EMFs and cellular signals and
industrial chemicals in the body, breakdown of cells, and relation with
psychiatric and other pills which can trigger other effects; obesity,
diabetes, cancers, skin problems, and other issues potentially connected to
electromagnetically saturated and compromised environs.)
It reeks of Fahrenheit 451 dynamics, say the wrong thing, think the wrong
thought, share or relate in the wrong dynamics and an alarm goes off
somewhere to justify a potential security response that likely involves
breaking into your computer, remotely monitoring everything you do, going
through all health, education, banking records in a context of "terrorism"
or potential enemy of the state, future citizen criminal evaluation, that
can also be used as a map for take-down and behavioral and social
engineering, suddenly you lose your mate, lose your job, cannot get
rehired, etc. Blacklisting would be expected if there is unchecked power,
carte blanche to take down enemies of a hidden dictatorial agenda. That is,
a private takeover advantaged by a onesided viewpoint that is governing the
security state via its corrupt ideology. A public takedown of humans, so
there is no longer any illusion of having control, it is a charade and
masquarade and at some point the liars will need to be counted in the same
way they are counting everyone else. A double encryption scheme could
account for this, say a next level standard that is 'not exploited' yet
similarly backdoored and trapdoored.
Further, basic dwelling as embassy. Whether in-built systems or dual-use
off the shelf consumer electronics made to TSCM tap, say wireless speaker
systems-- what surveiller could ask for more, unless of course including
trance-inducing or hypnotizing technology as part of the arrangement. There
are probably 50 ways within every domicile if not more to fully keep track
of people, from relaying of printer and scanner data to viewing through TVs
or listening through radios, to siphoning data through mice, keyboards, USB
drives especially, routers, as if there is no limit even, and this likely
possible remotely without resources on-site or locally. Plus the technology
itself is toxic and in its design specifications, EMF-wise, the emissions
can cause illness and disease, yet they are not identified as such- so
completely onesided the 'reality' involved. And who benefits? Those making
and making a living off of this death-machine and those who serve its
agenda without considering the sell out and consequences. It seems for some
it is a known pogrom with genocidal intent, which they live to support,
through normalized doublespeak and cloaked similarity while polarized,
pressing onward. Reason does not work when people do not observe truth, the
antireason crowd has the debate, they own this crooked language, law,
state, its policies of mediocrity. And it is as if no one is the wiser
because of the silence, and thus the *alarm* when someone actually says
something 1:1 about this situation-- SECURITY ALERT! SECURITY ALERT! -- as
if even constitutional rights are a threat to the state now, because it
ruins the party going on for the group benefiting from and building out the
false perspective. Hollywood must be involved, it is just too perfect, too
fictional, too much like a stage set, yet for the ignorant they may not
realize the difference, as it confirms 'true beliefs'.
Thus likely it is part of a long-ago strategy, this then the big reveal,
curtains opened on the security theater, its players on stage, before the
proscenium, taking on their critical roles in the performance- voicing
their rehearsed lines, going through the scripted motions as required of
the social engineering, whether at grocery store or in government
positions, making decisions one by one that influence things for their
betterment, undermining culture and civilization in the process, all the
while smiling or smug, a self righteousness afforded most to the
ideological carried as a scent, fingerprint on the bounded limited psyche,
these, the self-same lot those grabbing cellphones and pointing directly at
others- diagnostic scans of the borg, counting, monitoring, 'watching' as
all-seeing private eyes, tallying elsewhere their observation into warped
skew of shared view, corrupt yet to them - divine, highest, a view of
privilege and entitlement, everyone else stealing from them, selfish,
undeserving, while they dismantle civilization itself, their end game is
ending humanity, a rationalists conceit, believing themselves smartest on
the block- oh how that had to be fun to set this whole cosmic takedown
up... The pain of living through it, centuries upon centuries, something
different, though ultimately it will be worthwhile to rid the world of the
plague of such a deceit-filled organization.
(It is like the model where the Devil is the greatest servant of God,
leading the unbelievers to their demise, the ultimate double cross and
sacrifice unimaginable to most all yet ultimately of shared love and
commitment to truth. Versus, say, the 'real devil' who sees themselves as
the real leader of unbelievers, himself the false God, their king, etc. It
fits the terrorism/security model quite well, actually. "Bomb plans on the
internet- here's the link... hell, here are 5,012,202 links to sundry and
unsound activities... go for it!")
--- literacy in relation to truth ---
It is proposed that there is mass illiteracy in the culture, as part of
this overall design for its takeover, that has subverting the reasoning
process to that of behavioral science and its methods as a form of social
control via pavlovian conditioning. Bad thought! leading to "no think" via
pills, therapies, conditioning. Contra, bad thoughts everywhere via
advertisement, forgetting values and exploiting urges and instincts, making
populations animalistic in relations and self-evaluation. So a question
such as how an individual relates to a situation may be assumed they have a
foundational understanding and awareness that was once cultivated in the
education system though has further and further become detached from the
lived reality (especially its technological escape velocity from any known
documentation explaining what exactly _is going on, in the terms it
actually exists).  And thus expecting that people are operating at truth
(1) and accurate observation for relations could be largely mistaken for
most of the population, and thus 'groups' and individuals could be building
their consensus around more what amounts to shared lies or shared warped
views that include and rely upon errors to support their limited thinking
and frameworks, which could be spoon fed to them via news and talkshows and
popular communications. In this way, relation could occur in a vast context
of falsity (0) to start with, and some very minor truth may occur what is
effectively a false world view that only locally finds grounding in some
accurate, temporal way. For instance, "I am married" instead of "My spouse
is a robot" or imposter in the nightmare scenario, whereas for others this
may be for them utopia.
And movies and books have made critical contributions to recontextualizing
the present, such as the Matrix and Truman Show as related to living within
a simulation, or cyberpunk literature or other bridge-building between
views, as these go back into old and ancient ideas, and issues of whether
they are surface interpretations or find grounding in relation to the
foundation of knowledge, via logical reasoning, and referencing and
accounting for shared beliefs in terms of ones and zeros, hypotheses
necessarily removed of errors. Yet holier than thou dogmas occur and
lifestyles emerge, the cult of culture, where entire scenes are based on
the shallow superficial *image* and the actuality can become yet another
alphabet for letters, words, and sentences, more diary-based activities,
more like a theme park of state, carnival rides than deep investigations-
as if getting tattoos is the signifier for a meaningful life, versus doing
things that correspond to those tattoos beyond mere consumption and trend
following. Thus the image of the thing, and the thing itself, and issues of
copies, copies of copies, and dilution of truth into something ultimately
opposite, ideological, dissimilar. What once may have had truth or
"literacy" as it were, instead becomes in some sense "illiterate" and
removed of its original truth and conditions for existence, if not
Personal Computers and networking for public citizens from homebrew to Dumb
Terminals in service to the Corporate Terror State and the global junk
drawer, hand over your passport, drivers license, health and banking
records, all private documents, secrets, and we will let you continue to
login in and use the network for hedonistic pleasures.
Thus questions related to a security model based on shared/unshared
communications, and various combinations...
   a.     illiterate <-----> illiterate
   b.     literate <-----> illiterate
   c.     literate <-----> literate
In 'shared illiteracy' there could be a shared false POV that functions as
truth (T) yet is only pseudo (pT) that tends towards falsity (0). This
could be exploited in crypto whereby the sign=sign yet it is a deception,
thus the decrypt is what is expected though a false perspective, thus
relaying and serving up B=B though believed to be A.
In the asymmetrical, doubling aspects of true and false could co-exist,
various siphoning, whereby literate could coexist within A & B views, rely
on A while sharing a false view of B as the relation with the illiterate
via bounded, threshold interaction, so from the illiterate side B=B would
be the only reality shared in the exchange. In this way distortion, warp,
skew function as camouflage by reinforcing ideological bias, perhaps itself
a form of conditioning via confirming bias, no questions, no new answers.
Also, feedback from B could occur, thus pulling information out of
exchange, like animal training perhaps, this probably normal for most
exchanges in terms of manipulations within some dimensions, whether
business or personal.
And then assumption of A=A relations in relations and communication
exchange within shared grounded truth (1) that may have some errors (A=B)
yet be identifiable, recognized, within the involved dimensions. This is to
clarify, in contrast to the first example of shared illiteracy that while
shared literacy 'shares truth' it still would be of the domain of
pseudo-truth (pT), the difference being that it tends towards 1 (absolute
truth) and not 0 (falsity), unlike shared views of illiteracy that are
ungrounded and continue to detach from whatever may correct the viewpoint,
increase the understanding, etc, because it may not be ideologically
necessary, even.
Then to consider "encryption" and crypto in a such a context of actual
intelligence and ignorance of varying degrees and dimensions, that again
may shift given context. A very smart person could be highly literate in
binary code and programming (c) yet in terms of intelligence in a larger
realm be incompetent (a) and both of these occupy an issue such as secret
communication and secure exchange, such that they may "believe" crypto is
secure on ideological grounds due to belief in technology yet without
considering the ideas and thinking beyond that context, due to illiteracy
of ideas, thinking, conceptualization, that could then be exploited in an
unshared situation (b) whereby the asymmetrical pseudo-truth shared
exchange can be exploited...
   pT(1) <-----> pT(0)        whereby:
   pT(A/B) <-----> pT (B)
In essence leading to a falsed shared state of the second observer in
shared falsity (B), tending to zero, and allowing the first observer to
double in a contained accurate view (A) while feeding and interacting in a
false view of B.
The pseudo-truth of the first tending toward truth, and the second toward
falsity, yet perceived as if a shared state by the latter in an
asymmetrical relation due to 'not knowing' what they do not know or remain
unaware of, via bias, threshold, limitations. And thus errors, skew,
warping, distortion relied upon as structures can be security exploits.
   1<=A|B=>0  <===crypto===>  B=>0
Note: a shared viewpoint of pseudo-truth thus could be shared by observers
one and two, where for the latter it appears both share the same reality
(0) even though it tends towards falsity, where from their perspective it
defaults to absolute truth, if uncritical ideology is confirmed, though for
the former this could be known, a deception, and thus knowingly
misinforming while functioning in a realm of truth (1) beyond this
In this way, the first observer could even send a message to the second
which is decrypted, verified as 'secret' and send this further down the
line, which could still be encoded or encrypted, should it encounter
another who is of the shared 'shared awareness' or literacy, whether human
or machine, and therefore if the view was hidden it could bypass or go
beyond the observer (say surveiller) via the bounded interpretation or
knowledge, and yet still be deciphered by some other observer down the
line. Perhaps this most possibly in a context of ignorance or more advanced
approaches, beyond the capacity of the second observer to gain any clues
about via observation.
It would thus seem that 'zoning' and 'tiered access' whether hidden or
unhidden could relate to this issue of "perspective", a holographic quality
even given access, angle, or dimensional perch. Maybe this is sliding scale
and is about more/less knowledge, thus literacy and more literacy, that
paradoxical back and forth, so that in certain views if deception it would
actually be true that B is the higher state, say the Binary Crypto Regime,
where those adhering to standard A are viewed illiterate by their
dissimilarity or incapacity even, and thus strong crypto (knowingly false)
is knowingly presented and sold this way (B=A) as a deception, yet via an
ideology founded on pseudo-truth, lies, such that their ungrounded A=A
equations and assessments tend toward zero by default, when outside their
limits of control, and ability to govern over its action and
interpretation. Thus the importance of maintaining and exploiting illusions.
--- more on pseudo-truth --
Without spelling it out entirely, beyond 10 as an approximation, it is
to suggest that in ordinary, normal reasoning processing reliant upon truth
and logical evaluation via empirical structures, shared grounding in some
sense of observation removed of errors as the standard, that the ability to
ignore this leads to illiteracy and ungrounded belief, *faith* in what can
amount to falsehood or inaccurate views due to lack of rigor,
accountability, and built-in ignorance in terms of not knowing as a part of
being, and the role of learning in moving from less truth to more truth
over time, via cybernetic feedback and improved decision-making and
observational capacity slash awareness. If education is short-circuited,
this improvement process via critical evaluation may be broken within
individuals and then their group relations in society, also with family
deterioration. If debate is short-circuited due to ungrounded relativism
and their being 'no need to see things similarly', as is the subjective
default, then faith can take over and people can choose what to believe
based on its profit to their immediate sensibility.
Thus a potential for relation could exist in that each person has a
capacity for some ignorance and some intelligence, or relies on some
falsity and some truth within their observational frameworks...
   A|B  <=====>  A|B
In this model A is assumed to be pseudo-truth tending towards truth (1) and
B is towards falsity (B).
       A <=====> A
In a grounded ~empirical resolution of shared observation, contingent truth
via tested hypotheses would enable 'shared truth' to exist in A=A relations
between two observers, and this could be the result of logical evaluation
and debate.
The plague that is relativistic ideology breaks this process, and allows
ungrounded observation to exist as if A, without removal of errors, and
thus 'unshared A' which may only be hypothetical and untested and
uncorrected outside its controlled private boundaries, based upon
"theoretical" beliefs, heavily invested in a binary worldview as its
intellectual justification, cherry-picking data that confirms the viewpoint
and ignoring the role of falsification and error-correction as part of the
process of grounding ideas...
    A (1)  <===/  /===> A (0)
Everything is equal, unless the false-viewpoint is in control, say of
education, then 'truth' (1) can be censored out and presented as 'illegal
thinking', while the false view actually is reliant upon and moving towards
falsity (pt=>0) and is actually an A=B situation, though disallows debate
that has facts and argument indicating B=B is the actual substance of the
corrupted observation. And thereby discourse must stop, and the default
machine progression of institutional ideas thus favors this
closed-ideological approach or 'theoretical observation' that is inherently
ungrounded, untested, and essentially reliant upon and promoting a fiction
for the shared reality to which others must conform to proceed within
institutions of learning and education, which function against ideas,
against learning, and against society in their day to day agendas, except
insofar as it benefits those who serve the goals of this subversive agenda,
who then likely are doubles and very smart yet duplicitous or extremely
ignorant and selfish.
  A -----> A|B
The function of debate in terms of feedback has been to provide empirical
and observational oversight to ideas, such that panoptic qualities of
additional views of a situation can often held refine the limited
perspective, and therefore any observation of error (A=B) could be
recognized and corrected.
  A <-----> A
In this way, empirical resolution and refinement can 'improve' ideas via
shared observation and this can be a back and forth encounter between one
observer and another or one observer and many, or many with many- the
belief in bugs and eyeballs, which seems opposite of where the code is at
these days in terms of sensible understanding. That is the bugs are
normalized, errors prolific and rife and relied upon, the beast of
antisecurity making its fortune on the pT=T exploit now a structure of the
technology, this protected even by subverted law, ah how language has
become detached from its reliance and verification in truth by the
relativistic mindset and its beliefs. unbelievable, the extent of the
corruption, making its way into nervous systems and reprogramming people to
believe and serve lies via brain washing and other methods of
  A|B <====> A|B
The potential for debate then is that each side has some truth and falsity,
and if ungrounded these 'shared observations' in pseudo-truth via
relativistic frameworks can lead to 'shared falsity' that tends towards
zero, in terms of the sliding scale, where "ideas" communicated are reliant
upon scaffoldings of wrong assumptions, errors, flawed thinking and
beliefs, skew and bias, such that whatever contingent truth may exist and
be shared, it would be reliant on massive falsity to communicate and share
and thus exist only as a minor aspect, homeopathic amounts, a tincture
within a much larger frame of flawed observation, and this normalized as
the basis for exchange.
  B <=====> B
In this way 'shared truth' could instead, if ungrounded and reliant on the
errors for its structure and sustenance, be *believed* true (1) yet
actually be so minor and reliant on false belief and wrong assumptions that
the pseudo-truth tends towards falsity overall, if taking into account the
context needed to sustain the truth, its container of other ideas and
thinking, most likely flawed ~ideology that no longer asks question and
relies on previous answers or a particular observation becomes solidified
as 'the POV', thus limiting the questions to a finite, skewed model that
requires its errors to be continued as a viewpoint, keeping opposite views
outside, allowing false utopia to exist inside.
Whereas if partial truth is accessed in an accurate framework, this same
contingent aspect of discerning what is real and actual and existent via
observation can be removed of errors via debate, and what is true can be
separated from what is false.
   A <====> A
Thus observers could validate the same truth (A=A) while simultaneously
recognizing the errors in this condition (B=B) and thus instead of relying
on the errors, discard them or learn from them, yielding what is accurate
from the forces of skew, warping, and distortion as force fields aligning
with disconnected truth yet not relying on these as if they are themselves
unfettered truth, which relativists allow and require and celebrate-- THE
BULLSHIT basically.
In the above example, as a situation moves from A|B --> A, via logical
reasoning of grounded empirical observation, pT=>T, and falsity is removed
from the process of shared communication as a structural framework.
Subvert logical reasoning, disallow it, including freedom of speech and
thinking and censoring and controlling what facts are allowed - controlling
POV - then the opposite occurs:  B ---> A, such that  pT => T
This is the crypto exploit of the Binary Code Regime, where B=A(0) and
And it is the same ideological 'code' used as an authoritarian means of
control over debate, to stop error-correction and install a false POV as
the shared false 'empiricism' whereby truth is ignored, logical reasoning
disallowed, facts censored, views onesided, and right answers based on
'authority' - power over ideas, versus ideas themselves.
In this way, ~Enronomics goes beyond accounting for Sokal Hoax of
financialization and into classrooms and minds everywhere, engineering
'shared pseudo-truth' => 0.
It must be said also that 'bullying' and the ego of the oppressor
oftentimes is part of this relation, pT>T, and likewise B>A, and goes hand
in hand with the bullshit regime, and in this way intimidation or the need
of the powerful to let the oppressed know they are superior is a security
lapse, revealing what hides behind the facade of security theater.
Thus false POVs, vanity, egotism, sadism, and flawed assumptions of
observers should not be discounted as security threats, weaknesses or
strengths for hack/crack attacks. And this is certainly accounted for
already, though it seemingly is not being accounted for in ideas
themselves, their truth (1) in a shared empirical framework. Thus what if
crypto is protecting or reliant upon bad ideas and yet this is not being
accounted for due to social issues or non-mathematical variables of a
civilization in ruin?

@_date: 2013-09-09 01:52:36
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [0] crypto obs. 
where to begin?  disclosure: i know nothing of applied cryptography though
the idea has fascinated me for a long time. the concepts involved, their
potential. thus perhaps a series of naive observations, some less useful
than others. from what little i know yet discern about given assumptions, a
worldwide charade is being played with cryptographic systems that has
become transparent, made the lies self-evident and the liars either
self-conscious or openly, treacherously duplicitous. the security game,
maybe this is, though thoroughly reliant on unstable theory to maintain the
illusion, the bullshit growing ever more deep, quicksand smothering.
it is proposed the existing 'crypto' song and dance routine buttressing
illegalities of the worldwide terror state is based on a false perspective
decades if not millennia old, which has made accounting for truth secondary
as a route to securing a shared ideological viewpoint. the problem of
relativism at its core, an ever shifting eye that exploits the warp and
skew as its means of obfuscation, a lazy route to secrecy- dumb
cryptography in some sense, if what is exchange or transmitted is not
verified as actually true, and instead circulates as 'partially true' or
'sorta accurate' though is _believed to be absolute truth in a too simple
consideration of events.
thus you could have Bob and Alice in some key exchange, who knows, maybe
Bob is Nancy and Alice is Edward in drag, and they could share [z] via
crypto exchange, software that complicates and seemingly protects the
transmitted data, and so [z] moves from one location to another, or is
pinged or relayed or somehow becomes shared consciousness, "known" such
that: bob [z] and alice [z].
Yet without establishing and relying upon its verification - not only in
but as truth - the assumption could exist that [z] by its very nature is by
default true because it is believed, versus the core data being corrupted
in the realm of ideas, accuracy of viewpoint; actual intelligence and
validation and verification of the accuracy and worth of ideas, which
ultimately must ground to truth, as close to unerring as possible, else
that is where problems creep in and erosion of shared views begins. In
that, [z]=truth could be assumed yet could be based on an ideological
framework, lacking both depth and knowledge, and instead exist as 'shared
falsity' which, if unaccounted for, has all the pragmatic worth of 'shared
truth' yet exists and is functional only virtually, as long as it remains
unaccounted for.
In this way, [z]=partial truth or [z]=falsity could be what is exchanged
via crypto softwarez. A weak point in crypto may be the data being
exchanged, its integrity and actual versus perceived value. In such a way a
false perspective could be established via this 'secured communication'
that is a secrecy based on shared lies.
And that more than anything else to me describes the corruption at the core
of crypto systems today, their total invalidity as platforms of secure
exchange and instead the means for trojan horsing and backdooring every
last electronic and photonic and emissive blip, including neurotic gray
matter signaling, as if people are just that fucking stupid to believe all
the collective bullshit this involves.
The ideological mindset that allows this, nay, the binary religion of
technocrats schooling the captive society via oppressive social engineering
into _only using 10% of their brains -  else blitzkrieg pills and the psych
ward for you! - regulates into existence a drugged compliant machine-like
population of yes men and pacified complacent children who can only
memorize and repeat, creating a supercomputer via that wonder-component of
electronics: the human slave, until a robot or more efficient part can be
made, the former natural resource to be exploited then discarded, made
obsolete for the automated state megamachine. Godless Bureaucracy that is,
just like these shithole dysfunctional computers serving its crooked
agenda, labyrinths for extortion, oppression, exploitation, billionaires,
trillions made off of this enslavement, all the while the future and hope
vanish for those so entombed, buried alive in the silicon wasteland.
These pyramids of late 20th century cities not unlike the massive
e-commerce grid of banks and businesses at scale and distributed online,
the canned CMS sites like big-box stores along highways, with long arteries
of regressive planning extending standardized mediocrity akin to the
subsidized utopia of suburban sprawl - yet at a price of infrastructure and
dilution of culture, the society made for and run by middle-management; a
realm reliant on taxes and yet with a tax system incapable of accounting
for its own transactions: such basic knowledge not taught in schools at any
level, thus reliant on a professional class and its politics of
interpretation. Illiteracy, the subtext, if even that can be read anymore.
Bad thoughts, no-no's are no-go, shaming, a certain kind walking around
like freaks in surveillance databases, no single varsity letters: scarlet
alphabets. Ah, two way mirrors and glass walls, reflections inside
refracted reflections.
The lie allowing this, the inaccuracy is the binary worldview, the conceit
of notation of truth (1) and falsity (0) as a normative pleasure and
determination, as if quiz show answering via gut instinctual response,
biofeedbacking truth via the electrode array of slime, however networked,
modeled, theorized to exist- statistics, monetization, force feedback,
saliva or ejaculatory bliss. Get the animal in the box, then drop the walls
to reveal the cage with which to drown the beast. That would be humanity,
sanitized and ultimately anesthetized then poked, prodded, punctured, and
administered the lethal injections via homeopathic drips and drops via
poisoned air, food, water, relations, environment itself- the antireason
for the ruling ideology of the puritanical who hate love and serve only
their own truth.
The bullshit of years of the universe and binary crypto is an obscenity to
the mind to calculate again and again, ever longer the lie, as if
101001010101 is some stronghold of information when for 50 plus years it is
likely quantum computers have existed in the background, nothing in the
publicly available global state uncrackable at the level of public service,
private service or otherwise. An entirely 'nother platform assumably exists
beyond this non-sense. That said, this is based on the reality of aliens,
time-travel and other state fair ephemera, the deep-frying of collective
consciousness, counterculture onward, not removed from any of this
civilizational exploration and development and instead, driving its
evolution and devolution simultaneously, acid in the water supply as the
insurance plan for speeding up armageddon, to the point today of completely
idiocy as the conversation mediated, regurgitated, forced to swallow and
share vomit again and again.
Great Society, eh? The damned never had it so good. Living like kings and
queens, freedom of opinion, shared views, messaging, gossip, "secrets".
So the game seems to be a false perspective based on a binary worldview
that becomes software that fronts for this cultural maldevelopment that is
moving towards increased *ignorance* and *incapacitation* of citizens,
rather than towards their liberation and providing tools for the control
and governing of said lunatic murderous state. Boot licking not enough for
survival, extinction is the only placeholder for humanity in the algorithm,
these other populations whether deranged hominids or robotic-workforces of
sell-out cyborgs or shared-POV androids, their goggles glass already,
whether false eyeballed, contacts or frame, able to relay and relate via
'shared state' in other dimensionality while dumbstruck humans have no
words to match experience and are disallowed from thinking and thus
thinking and intelligently communicating beyond the rubric of the already
always corrupted viewpoint. This, relativism's schtick.
Even email software standards degraded to disallowed cave wall comms,
inline diagrams disallowed, uncontrollable word-wrap, menacing nannyized
webware making sure helplessness is ever increasing- now THAT is a service
economy. The deception, deceit, hatefuless encoded, encrypted in these
events too. Hidden, secrets to be revealed or not- depending on one too
many wrong thoughts that tease open the nightmare and make an
irreconcilable differance, then and now.
The malice involved, key, mendacity at every level, crypto protecting that
shared lie, how secret is it really and what if it becomes transparent, the
crypto is not protecting anything because it becomes "known" by others,
observable via other effects, actions, every intricacy reliant and
structuring its worldly manifestation.
Most likely the only way worldwide communications could feasibly be cracked
in real-time would be by undocumented technology and storage and involve
other physics, perhaps the quantum computer an entrance into the weaving of
interdimensional entanglement into every life and object- else in a
clean-room simulation, this a contingent magic realm of converging parallel
worlds, partly true and partly artifice (actively reengineered,
reenactment) to fuse-form past and future into the present, some military
project of the future recreating model civilization under various scenarios
to unite them, bring them together then run them live together as a best of
all possible worlds gambit, who knows, maybe that master narrative is
nothing of contemporary history as if sorting out the past into respective
file cabinet folders of previous beliefs, as if more explanatory,
geopolitics of today better explaining the existing path than- say- Old and
New Testament. In other words, writing and views of today incapable of
fitting that data into its box and instead it is vice-versa, better
explained in reverse, more insightful and informative about the how and why
as a shared frame of reference. The wisdom of believers in the roughest
lands holding steady over centuries and millennia of this deep connection
more grounded in the political reality - the stakes - than a coddled soft
carebear of somatized educated class of the privileged, their morality on
par with mold spores.
Stay happy, stay healthy, the diseased open sore puss filled atmosphere
chokes against each breath, constricting further the phlegmatic release of
black bile into spittoon of once-open mail list culture, now sanitized
germ-free and wet-wiping nose fingers and ears for any trace of
contaminating residue, giving away the game, that yes- "we think you are
all idiots to believe this and we are taking you for a ride, suckers!"  Not
only are people making these bets, their careers, mortages, children's
futures are reliant on its sustenance. Hmm, GO figure. Black and White.
Semaphore of cryptic communications, the ops, Platonic mirroring of
language, role of the cymbal, its transmutation via calculus. The reliance
upon shared truth, understanding, awareness for secure interconnection-
grounding as it were, a ground state or condition, like a neutral antenna
that naturally fevers when in contact with truth, love. Shared empiricism,
foundational. The accuracy of accounting for truth in its absolute verse
dilute state. The scale of consideration being 'the internet' itself is the
cryptogram, junk DNA the profile moreso than the fiction of a series of
zeros and ones, laughable as a stage-set and huckster paradise.
[infinity] x [infinity] x [infinity] ... {N}
The model presumed existant. A string such as
TK32LJ35DX_4SJLSLU&* need not be decoded as binary to obtain
its meaning. Instead, it could be multivariant, exist in superposition, an
intricate puzzle or maze, beyond the two dimensional, involving collapsing
code, parallel structuring, trap doors, and cascading transformative
dynamics given the key, which could be multiple in a bounded context of the
infinite. Then scale that to all information and data coursing through a
shared framework, the global network, including connected global minds as a
noospheric calculating nervous system, natural, artificial, virtual- and
what have you if not something more in-line with random event generators
and spooky action at a distance, crystal ball computing scenarios, where
the mind itself as an observing entity chimes in with the flow of the
aetheric wind making its way through structures and circuitry, that
familiar hum and tune of validation, the submerged conscience moving in and
out of the lapping waves both above and below the waterline.
   YHS
   DFK
   UYX
Given literacy, a tiny box could contain some meaningful information for
someone, somewhere. Depending on what is shared as truth, it may or may not
be decrypted or decoded by another or others elsewhere. It could be assumed
perhaps to contain only one correct answer- "this is its truth". And in
doing so, the revealing would validate its truth via correctly removing its
binarization. Whereas in an 'analog' (perhaps) approach, or gradient, it
may coexist in binary and other systems of consideration, parallel
interpretrations, some right, some wrong- it could remain a question and in
a realm of mystery; or even involve nesting of codes within other codes-
who is to say the code actually is the code- how do you know Alice is not
actually Edward in drag? So, the issue not only of truth, whatever it may
be and its reliance upon shared value (which could be a lie), though also
of indeterminacy, the contingent, the potential impossibility of knowing if
not having the correct viewpoint, and again the issue of calculability- can
its meaning be deciphered or the information decrypted of all possible
combinations and permutations not only of the "numbers" or "digits" (as if
1 and 0 finiteness) and instead in their inherent symbolic mutability, say
for any given perspective what those various patterns or combinations or
collections of data could potentially mean- in any given context. That is,
any thought from any viewpoint of any aspect of this event in its entire
potential for meaning: could a computer calculate that, and how would it be
able to decide what what is what not intelligible, especially if A.I. based
and reliant upon preexisting and preestablished scaffolding of meaning.
It would not, instead of a single answer there would be a vast ever
increasing span of probabilities, big-bang inflations, interpretation
inside nested interpretation, as data relates in and between cosmic
circuitry. The grounding in truth of one acronym in relation to another, or
one number pattern traced into 7-segment like display versus another, and
here we are dealing with infinities within infinities, as a potential, and
their tuning in and out of various scenarios and ~sequences. Maybe it is
useful, maybe it is not- what is required is massive computation along with
massive competence, and if enemies do not think alike, their very attempt
to crack or decipher or decode by default reveals their own perspective and
scaffolding, the wonderful self-same biasing of onesideness that is the
binarists weakness, such that the very action of trying to relate across
the boundary of ideology punctures the threshold of their own security and
breeches the psyche with other thoughts and ideas, questions and
assumptions, mindworks and frameworks as the calculating machines take hold
of external 'truth' and try to engineer and mold it to fit their needs.
This is a self-creating labyrinth in reverse, as the security of binary
crypto is made insecure outside its ideological domain, that terror maze
created and sustained in the stupidity of false absolutism turned
inside-out and incapable of mediating the very possibility it confronts.
The crypto itself is the trap. The core of an unshared idea, truth as the
foundational of shared reality- versus its compromise, corruption. There is
a difference between right and wrong, yet to those who do not distinguish,
they do not know which is which. And thus false views easily erected, even
if having the code and the keys, the variables within variables allowing
paths to precede the investigation, hints and clues and signage until
hovering above the tarpits and ground disappears.
The type and grammatical rarer, whose zoo to this. Ahhh. Just fucking
breathe... and via that inhalation, taking in the poison pill whether via
ears eyeballs snout or gullet or antennaed skinsuit, fingertips at peak of
inner domicile, circling around like a crazed bird trapped inside, til
figuring the way out, and then back in again.
Another type of crypto, core to language, its metaphysics, its calculative
pattern-based scaffolding, potential for unifying human awareness,
communicating shared and unshared views, parsing truth within the noise of
degradation, cross- and inter- and multi-cultural. Not pop-cult BS, here a
song there a song everywhere a song-song, kick the bastards out of
civilization and let the airwaves be filled with pure commercials, no more
charade, waxing lyrical about sentences, binary transmissions of "diary
music" and follow-alongs into the cattle chute, queued and awaiting
slaughter by compatriot handlers.
The Binary Crypto Regime (BCR!) is the bullshit par excellance!
Hocking bullshit trapdoor code to exploit users in the hidden terror state
dynamics, traitors. Every last device backdoors, weaponized alarm clocks
and TVs that can be TSCM tapped to remote view, who knows if your speaker
system is going to be entrancing you in the night hours when that little
blue light repeatedly turns on even when turned off. Lightbulbs as
speakers, speakers as microphones, here a data logger, there a data logger,
everywhere a data logger...
You think people are that fucking stupid to not differentiate computers
made to exploit, with chips and protocols themselves designed by spy
agencies worldwide, and then being held under watchful omniscient
private-eyes, multiplying across the grid, across society, across
landscape, this false perspective all knowing that presumes to 'know' TRUTH
via this absurd binary mindset, a realm of childlike belief and
infallibility in assumptions of a protected, privileged exploitative class.
Now that is a trap if ever there was one, to be in that central position in
the panoptic assemblage. A VERY BAD AND DANGEROUS PLACE TO BE. Anymore not
paranoid of consequences for that level of betrayal would best wise up and
get medicated quick, cause it can only get crazier and crazier on the
How many licks of the boot to get to the center, the deep core beyond the
false door of inner mountain, underground bunker society of black op
civilization, all that is feasible indicates a barrier between worlds of
knowing, and the crypto of state is not of this domain, not of its
computers or software, and like bunny suited FAB workers at the
assemblyline, dancing together with machinery in the ongoing orchestration
of circuitry, the hidden hand or tripwire of entanglement is triggered and
magic happens, that ephemeral state of connectedness and shared being,
alien to the ordinary and mundane of ever present surveillance in
electromagnetic hell, and from this that vantage, within such a context,
the surveillers are themselves being surveilled, all is known about the
mockery of the human race, its holocaust via planned demise, and those
holding the fake steering wheel, pockets full of money and hollow
lifestyle- the cruel and wicked machinery their destiny, their love, their
meaning. Terror itself embodied by lost souls with dead or non-existent
What if the only secure crypto is based within grounded truth. And that
this is reliant upon context and scale, of cosmic dimensions. And of
populations, numbers of observers. Those false may presume shared awareness
yet it is finite and also artificial to a degree, affected, existence in
the key of nothingness. Whereas those grounded in nature connect with its
circuitry and values of life, and in this, of love, and of love, true love
that transcends normal boundaries and involves pre-existent shared
connection, an already-knowing or 1:1 relation, as if once whole, then
meeting in a separated condition, realizing this wholeness, and having that
as an understanding, a foundation of truth as the value, its validation and
verification via its observance, and service to the shared principles.
Empirical truth in this way would only be possible, seemingly, through
already achieving this "absolute" knowing of shared connection as a basis
for other empirical observation, thus values of honesty, integrity, shared
destiny and the human project. In knowing true love, it is to know and be
connected with 'the absolute' in its truth, and in this way, provides
reference for other observations and relations, particularly those lacking
love or truth, which then tend towards falsity or are absolute lies. This
polarization, the yin-yang duality and the particle smashing encounters
between reason and anti-reason indicative of the differing paradigms,
realities. One is real and the other is a contingent unstable false view,
yet has achieved governance of the state, which due to such stupidity could
only have happened by design. They own binary computing and crypto. That is
domain of thick layers of bullshit layered over and under and throughout
every last detail of existence via these scum.
You want to sell me a device that enables you to spy, cheat, exploit,
extort, tattle, subvert, control my life, and another device and another
government program and another educational degree and another family member
and another corrupted technology and another corrupted communication or
message or idea... And you think you are really SMART for getting away with
it, smarter than everybody else because you _think you are running this
game, not realizing the setup. The global civil discontent this relies
upon, those dangerous dynamics, as if the ploy is fortified and not meant
to fail once the supports are pulled out. A trillion stresses could appear
out of nowhere with the wrong data breech, opening wide the once secured
though always fictional private properties of oppression, the inner
workings to be massaged as egos wade above the surface, unaware of the
sharks both visible and invisible, eyes on their first, long awaited
This is the difference between intelligence and those who are 'smart' in a
finite, non-philosophical sense. Reality is not as simple as an equation,
and if it were it would be a highly accurate equation of extreme precision
and resolution. Obvious errors would have no place, that just is sloppy and
not cleaning up these things would indicate a certain presumptiveness of
relations between those who think they know and those who know better or
more or actually developed the cosmos. Instead the binarist as ideologue
can believe they 'know truth' and use it to create and sustain a charade or
false perspective, requiring masquerade and built on shared lies, and think
no one is the wiser who is on the outside of this duplicity. This is where
'partly true' is equated with 'wholly true' and 'mostly false' is made into
'totally true, just ignore the vagaries' which is the obey and proceed
model of workforce indoctrination and mindwashing, er the educational
system. That there is no effective feedback in a society reliant on
cybernetics and circuitry is a massive tell of top-down autocratic and
dictatorial aims of such administration, and in this way CRYPTO emblemizes
the detached arrogance and contempt of a mass mediated surreality force-fed
to a beaten down, poisoned global population, where each and every person
is configured to oppress others by their very existence, this most notable
as 'economics' where the concepts of shared destiny and basic exchange are
hijacked to have the money only serving some people while others die
horrendous torturous deaths due to no food, clean water, shelter, and live
in environments of rape and torture and oppression, in addition to be
overtaken or held in regions of perpetual war to sustain this insane
automated machinery. The money itself is tyrannical, its monopoly paper,
and yet figuring it out is off the table, it is all or nothing, a onesided
evaluation at every considered stage, as that is the only option, to play
the rigged game by those who operating within the illusion of total
control. There is no place for love in a world like this- nor truth. That
is why it has been engineered out of existence. Unspeakable,
uncommunicable, unless it is happening in other channels, outside the
limiting framework, which it is.
Today it is likely the meat in the supermarket is fake, artificial meat.
There is every indication. So too, sensors grafted into flora and fauna.
And brain-tapping of consciousness by others as part of the surveillance
regine. Sci-Fi today. So beyond the bullshit, the neutrality of "silence"
and secretive HUSH-HUSH quietism is presumably to protect what is already
known of this condition, no one wants to say or be held responsible for
saying what more actually exists as it exists, if not for fear of
life-ending consequences. And yet a data breech- of ideas- of the ubiquity
of surveillance which itself asks a question- well if the government
obviously can tap everything in real time globally, what is the real
government doing, and how does that relate to known surviellence far beyond
this in terms of methods of control, whether RFID or other sensors in teeth
or various chemicals that trigger walk-by monitoring systems as this
relates to recognition systems, facial and otherwise. Tracking of people,
selling of data, subverting of equipment via purchase triggers for
corrupting via software bugs. What of, say, a musician that legend has it
went offline decades ago, is not their false identity being tracked like
everyone else and accounted for. And if special privileges, in such
ubiquity, would they not need to occupy an exception list, and thus at some
level the data could be known, and thus old school anonymity is likewise a
false future, even if politically connected, due to the need to pattern
match, account for, at the level of each person a potential threat to
society. Are they are zero or a one today? What does the department store
returned items complaint put them at, or the mistaken debit card exchange-
has the scale tipped, the feather become lead? DOOM.
What is presumed is that any surveillance that is occurring in onesided
dynamics is itself not secure as a binary system and can be 'logged' and
thus crimes against the human population can be documented, in parallel,
and you'd have to be idiot to believe otherwise, reliant on a safely
embubbled worldview. Say a dwelling is rife with monitoring and used to
oppress a person held in an illegal prison by a dictatorial regime, that
very technology that is the oppressors strength becomes a weakness when
what it is doing can itself be monitored- it becomes legal evidence, and
can lead to real-world consequences for those involved.
The recent film The Numbers Station had a story of a code broadcasting
station in England that automatically sends out a dispatch that would close
down a spy program and this process was somehow subverted due to a security
lapse. At the time, once a particular message was relayed, a kill list
would be sent out that would put into action a self-destructive sequence
based on targeted assassinations. This would be automatic. Once the list is
out, there is nothing fuzzy involved, it is presumed "TRUTH" and becomes an
order. And so its very existence in the system, as the code, as the
instruction, determines its validity, its truth, otherwise it would not be
present in the message. If you were to read such instructions it would not
be debatable, there is no going back. Kind of like the launch sequence of a
nuclear missile, past the point of no return, warheads launched to multiple
sites. And let's just say for convenience that this is of a binary mindset
and a shared awareness is already secured- such a transmission is
equivalent to fate. It is just a matter of when it is going to happen, how
it will be carried out.
The weird thing about it is that few things are this absolute in normal
life, and even in government today it seems most of what is occurring is at
the 50 yard line or middle of the playing field, and the goal posts are at
45 and 55 respectively for tallying points. And yet, white to white and
black to black, yin-yang, it seems as though through osmosis or other
cultural filtering, that the 'human' is congregating on one side of the
field and the anti-human on the other, both with their kill lists as part
of the real world consequences of bloodsport and destiny. And that is also
where cryptography resides, in these same dynamics. The thing is, one
crypto system may be reliant on an unstable foundation for its
decision-making, unable to deal with uncertainty, and thus requiring the
middle zone for its continued functioning, to exploit the similarity while
secretly and subversively pushing for polarized difference, every closer to
a game winning touchdown. And there could be every indication via media
that this is the situation, that is the 'shared awareness' of the common
lie that frames the society, towards this loss via its exploitation.
And yet likewise and opposite, outside that simplistic binary viewpoint,
the ambiguous realm of paradox, myth, superstition, and magic, the
metaphysics of language and mathematics- another realm of crypto where the
algorithm is secondary to truth and does not seek to determine or limit or
confine it to something less than it actually is. This is the human realm,
and its crypto occurs not within the same parameters, though can still
connect through, inside, outside and around the binary structuring- it
occurs in archaeological finds, anthropological studies, cryptozoological
investigations, indebted and embedded within deep reasoning of truth and in
the same way as artistic insight, reveals the shared reality and brings it
into alignment with other structures of truth, its circuitry, local,
global, yet also cosmic, involving life itself as the current and currency.
In this way, perhaps like nothing else comparable, aesthetics are the basis
for this pure communication that carries with it a security of the
intelligible, where fakes and imposters and mimics are easily revealed, and
the labyrinth walls built. In this, the secret messaging is
multidimensional, it is of culture itself, ancient, of those here first and
of shared being. A deep investment, with trickle-charge connections
everywhere into capacitors storing the wealth of truth held outside
existing society, a Pluto-like condition of non-recognition and title loss,
does it exist or not? And thus an issue of non-belief by those who cannot
fathom another perspective beyond their own boundary, any truth beyond
their self-serving onesided skew that the ungrounded relativism and
corrupted empiricism allow - effectively invisible and unthinkable, that
this is not a football game, the stadium is a lie, and game-over remains
with the same consequence, yet they cannot read nor even imagine the
infinity codes that are circulating everywhere, and if they do try to
figure it out they will bring about their own demise by trying, as the
walls and blocked passages are erected around them until they have no where
to move, checkmate ad infinitum. Thus the final accounting mentioned, of
truth and falsity. That is the real issue of security within the cryptic
exchange. Corrupt ideas will perish, and those who serve them will have to
face the consequences of their actions.
In this way, like Jim Bell's Assassination Politics, the internet is
essentially a metaphysical Numbers Stations except those reliant on the
false perspective cannot read the 'signs', it only mirrors their viewpoint
back to them, the self-certainty of absolute infallible perspective- a
position of God over an enslaved humanity. It would not be possible for any
machine to calculate the infinities involved in parsing every possible
combination of encrypted messaging in real-time, nor like a random event
generator, comprehend the significance of changing constellations of data
as it is intertwined across manifold and myriad interconnectivities -
circuits - that like a cosmic intelligence are a form of omniscience in
service to this empirical truth, as it is grounded in merging perspective
of shared being. The level of awareness may remain unrecognized, the
intelligence completely hidden in its cosmic scope and span, the only hint
of its depth, hated and ignored theology that feeds the heart with the
divinity of love, and reminds of the importance of virtue, including
service and sacrifice, and faith, even in the worst scenarios.
Those who submit to truth, it absolute requirement for the foundation for
life and the role of logic in establishing reality, would operate within a
different sense of cryptography than those who rely on shared lies and a
finite reductionist approach that seeks to determine what is acceptably and
allowably "true" as a means for exploitation. They seem to think a massive
string of binary digits is indecipherable to those whose world they exist
within. The clue is that their entire system has been backdoored from the
very beginning. The oppressors positions of greatest strength are actually
an illusion, they are instead their positions of greatest weakness- it is
just an issue of taking it down, collapsing the structures, accounting for
truth amidst a false stage-set civilization built upon shared lies. And
thus in any given text or image, in any given exchange, critical data of
humanity could be coursing through the veins with missions and intelligence
and instructions and taking into account those naughty and nice, and this
could be actively tallied and ready for implementation when those fate
triggering events potentially occur. And so whose side you on- who do you
serve- what is your purpose, why is your crypto illiterate to the cause,
why the bullshit in times like these. Tick tick tick... tock.
Perhaps that is the big reveal: To find out who thinks this is actually
believes this is a game of football underway and not soccer, ferchrisssakes.
The enemies of humanity do not stand a chance. Do you believe in chance?
p.s.  paper - scissors - rock
what if ideas on paper are wrong, theory not hypothesis
what if rock is artificial, hollow, toxic or cracked
scissors if dull or manufactured to break, a+n.

@_date: 2013-09-26 00:32:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
* data-loggers within dental work, synced via
   multiband x-rays (+ secret other, say tetrahertz),
   this much easier facilitated via digital equipment
   note: could be synced to infrastructure tagging
   or mapping networks via RFID-like send/receive
   and also monitor biological events of the person
 * the often interesting TV series "It Takes a Thief"
   with Robert Wagner had one episode of a fashion
   designer who (if remembering correctly) stitched a
   pattern into a new dress that was then photographed
   or it may have had something to do with a microdot,
   James Earl Jones was the designer in that episode
 * the possibility of food for data transmission related
   to eating certain Asian food and having a gland open
   on the roof of my mouth- seemingly a specific chemical
   and what could happen if that were related to triggering
   of various related socio-behavioral programming, etc.
 * the future possibility, given data transfer by touch, of
   data capsules or pills that are digested and relay code
   that is informational into accompanying cyborg implant,
   else also behavioral routines triggered by food or drugs,
   that of an informational domain (which in a context of
   medicine and the body could be very wide ranging).
   heck, what about non-lethal overtones of morse code
   onto pacemaker or other devices, as form of signaling
 * microphoned dinner tables to relay info to flower vase,
   also tapping out code onto surface for solitar diners
 * clothing design, again, if embedded systems for data
   relay, also with jewelry. seemingly it could be anything.
   different kinds of materials or stitching, fashion styles
   as communication systems, delineating networks and
   establishing standards, references, and protocols,
   hidden technology or encrypted 'data', non-electronic
   or to be mediated electronically- say thread that glows
   in black light only, one-time pad, person walks past
   special camera-trap to relay data w/out even knowing
 * genetics themselves, various data sets as langauge
   including categorization as a means of encrypting
   perspectives, setting boundaries within contingent
   modeling of pseudo-truth, thus thresholds/boundaries
   for what can be perceived from the inside and outside;
   as this relates to disease, health systems, insurance,
   death panels, hidden eugenics of targeted populations
 * infrastructure itself as pre-internet sensor network with
   capacity for secret communications, especially with the
   mystery networked sensor boxes logging mystery data.
   could trace chemicals in products to pattern match and
   refine facial recognition, retail pollution of industrial scent
   as perfumes (another potential communication system),
   deodorants, shampoos combined mark, assist tracking
 * vehicles themselves if carrying paired black-box tech
   with shared non-identifiable encryption formats, such
   that a drive-thru or drive-by could involve data exchange,
   as this could likewise potentially relate to modification
   of street lights, electronic gates, toll booths, traffic lights
   and potentially any form of electronic signage (as this
   also relates to NFC and RFID for tracking, signaling).
   thus vehicles as data loggers and data carriers which
   may or may not involve drivers knowledge. if so, covert
   data exchange could seemingly exist outside of known
   encryption formats as a strengthening of security by the
   obscurity (akin to inventing secret, private language)
   whereas known algorithms could indicate, compromise
   systems via existing standards ("this is secret data!")
 * issue of black market and courier services, in some
   sense transfer of weapons and illegal drugs assumes
   an extreme form of privacy, security, and secrecy such
   that a small amount of opium could be couriered to a
   US resident and paid for by "anonymous" money, and
   in some sense similar to being ~encrypted, assuming
   or betting against disclosure of surveilling of packaging
   by companies, or of data inside encrypted archives
   thus like betting on the odds of the long-game
* then there is peer-to-peer signaling in itself, public and-
  or private, one to one or one to many or relay or delayed
  via written, oral, sound-based, food, fashion, or other
  communication -- of the realm of symbolic language
  where something stands-in for something-else or
  'shared meaning' can be effectively communicated
  yet exist beyond the boundary of others perception;
  a shared framework of "truth" (whether true or not) is
  required as a protocol to match up shared dimensions;
  overt is hand gestures, hand signals, body movements,
  postures, poses, facial expressions, as language
* i tend to think there is potential for any language-based
  interaction to involve signaling that is observed differently
  by others, based on their relation to the event or reading
  of it- for instance, juggling. it is a pattern-based activity
  that has known and identifiable sequences that can be
  a way of communicating (by those so skilled) or could
  involve use of color or number or other dynamics to
  signal or secretly message another who operates or
  understands the same 'cipher system'. LED equipment
  that can be programmed, or even IR or UV that may not
  appear activated yet could be photographed or video'd
  in those frequencies could then reveal a data stream,
  or potentially involve persistence of vision or even a
  data-burst relayed or captured by camera or cellphone
* anything, like RC planes or models driving down a street
  and triggering a data exchange, with vehicle house router
  house monitoring system, infrastructure, as a potential;
* maybe reconsider Grandma's framed needlepoint sometime
  or the role of collectibles or the anthro- and archaeological
  involved in antiques as potential forms of secret data exchange,
  in that that period furniture or rare object may signify something
  to someone and trigger a meaningful relational exchange that
  could, in certain instance, function and establish a data network
  and allow hidden communication and conscious to exist, persist
  and in this way- aesthetic probably trumps all things electronic
  in terms of the bandwidth involved in pure sensory experience,
  thought, knowledge, shared consciousness, and secret views
  that to the outsider may exist as encrypted, beyond awareness
  and understanding or even value, even while it could be primary
  (basis for shared awareness, decision making, action for others)

@_date: 2013-09-26 09:34:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: The Unbreakable Cipher (2) 
perfect. thank you
 (though assumption was more like MMORPG as
 distributed parallel network keying same space
 from many unique vantages, where environment*
 is of different structures and conceptualizations
 and parts do not necessarily align into a clear
 'whole' view, including if many-many exchanges
 function beyond limits of model or framework)
 i think i grasp a fundamental concept of crypto
 that relates size of message (message length)
 with design of algorithmic structure needed to
 successfully embed or hide the message else
 hidden order may be easily visible/discovered
 i still contend this is different for set theory and
 models of noise - yet assume equations in that
 space could function differently and could have
 other design requirements or crypto principles
 perhaps more shallow if hiding in massive noise
 or equations to nest data in higher-dimensional
 matrices or at various levels, presumably unlike
 what appears a more static, confined construct
 of linear equationspace and its requirements
 in that 'keys' could function differently in bit set
 approach though perhaps rekeying is universal
 as a security principle yet potentially flawed if
 it could reveal a particular structure leading
 to its compromise whereas reusing an 'infinity
 key' (regenerating keys or using same key in
 new instantiations, accessing different arbitrary
 structure as keychain multitool) may function
 in a different context than existing approaches,
 in some way- which relates to the dataspace;
 such that perhaps the key itself is noisy or
 indeterminate as to what exactly the key is
 though this speculation could all be false.
 *(though of cipher environment presumed 'outside'
  the capacity of computers to process, rationalize
  accurately, thus not contained in electronic boxes;
  thus beyond modeled computer space, infinitely so)

@_date: 2013-09-22 23:03:25
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [8] code observatory 
are you the fuckhead who BSOD my computer
and took it down after my first cypherpunks post?
(if you are you better watch out- you're in trouble...)

@_date: 2013-09-30 02:17:17
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: steganography & mimic function? (Re: [17] hidden links) 
nothing out of the ordinary here.
nong shim, black, gourmet spicy, kimchi

@_date: 2013-09-30 01:50:03
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: steganography & mimic function? (Re: [17] hidden links) 
yeah- heard it through the wire its a rough crowd over there...
not worth being stabbed by a ham while walking down the street
also, best to avoid the pyre if at all possible, re: fool/fuel use
has me wondering about the two crypto lists in conjunction,
if a census has been conducted or online survey for background
in that, seemingly there are two or three main areas i am guessing
for crypto backgrounds-- those from the military, those from academia,
mathematics and-or linguistics, & those from computers/webdev
for instance, percentage of ham operators in given age ranges
how many had a parent with electronics or engineering background
how many approached via software development online or pre-internet
it would be interesting to know how the list populations are different
e.g. perhaps older, military trained crypto at the cryptography-list
more computer-based, software development crypto at cypherpunks
also in this same regard; how many learned electronics during era
of crystal radio building etc. or other DIY independent exploration or
homebrew computing or are now involved in microcontrollers today, etc.
and in this same way it would be interesting if more projects/classes/
education could occur for electromagnetic literacy in electronics today
as a foundation for both knowledge and skills yet also experimentation,
prototyping, new code, programming, proof-of-concept crypto systems
that move from ideas into hardware and software models, vice-versa

@_date: 2013-09-29 22:54:21
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: steganography & mimic function? (Re: [17] hidden links) 
(only following orders...)
guess will find out how many anarchists it takes to kick me off the list...

@_date: 2013-10-31 23:31:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Meet_=E2=80=9CbadBIOS=2C=E2=80=9D_the_mysterious_Mac_and_PC_ma?= =?UTF-8?Q?lware_tha 
naive perhaps, though would it be possible to transmit such 'radio
code' via a small transmitter, say at short range in another building,
that could send a stream of infecting code into a building (and thus
the infection could begin outside the USB framework), such as via a
small programmed microcontroller with radio antenna, either networked
or running autonomously (or would this be a pirate radio issue,
closed-in on quickly by HAMs monitoring misuse of spectrum).
further, if this radio broadcast of code were possible, one-way or
bidirectional, what would prevent this from scaling city or region
wide if a transmitter were overtaken and sending out signals to
computers en masse, to reprogram firmware, targeting via equipment
statistics or OS/hardware demographics.
just wondering if software-defined radio may be a context for hacking
computers beyond the peripherals directly attached to the computers,
such that a different security situation, boundary, or perimeter may
exist yet not be accounted for or protected against.

@_date: 2013-10-30 17:07:23
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: crypto & security (urls) 
Why Apple Wants to Bust Your iPhone
"Economists have theories about market conditions that encourage
planned obsolescence. A company has strong incentives to degrade
product durability when it has a lot of market power and when
consumers dont have good substitute products to choose from."
The Prison Guard With a Gift for Cracking Gang Codes
Nokia phone lost underwater for 3 months, still works
(preceding urls via Digg.com)
Researchers find a way to predict 'dragon kings' in small circuits
Cryptography: The Science of Secret Writing
book search
 Cryptography%3A The Science of Secret Writing
  

@_date: 2013-10-30 02:39:09
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: srf: reiteration (state, the obvious) 
self-reply to previous reply, referencing John Young quote:
in other words:  CRYPTO IS APPLIED POLITICS in the given domain
yet is it accurately and-or actively accounted for in these dimensions,
beyond intention and into its total evaluation of how it exists and can
be subverted against use & in relation to principles, goals, agendas
or does a lack of this security audit establish a false perspective,
perhaps aiding and abetting hidden tyranny, political engineering

@_date: 2013-10-30 02:13:56
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] embassyification 
i remember encountering the idea of TEMPEST radiation
from cryptome, in terms of the electromagnetic domain that
remains unaccounted for in architectural history, and while the
questions are wide-open at that point, in a changed paradigm,
it did provide example of how differently a scenario could exist
than otherwise documented or believed to. in terms of concepts
in architecture alone, that a wall separates two areas, acting as
a barrier, when with electromagnetic and radio waves this is no
longer the situation (for 100 or more years, in physics terms).
so too, technology, that a screen is somehow bounded by an
observer's own vision, even while no others are present, as this
relates to remote observation via compromised equipment yet
also, emissions that can be sniffed via these extended physics
in a domain that remains unaccounted for, except within those
military or security contexts were security is audited this way
my question is today, how much of the security model is fiction,
based on outdated assumptions and terms of relation, such that
the observers themselves are potentially viewed 'trustworthy' by
default, or may be themselves androids with supercomputing
powers, hidden group analysis, decentralized shared perspectives
via cellular tower pseudo-psi networking, made individual, identical
in form to a human though in function operating in another realm
than is standardized, therefore any interaction could be insecure
if not accounting for crypto territory lost for defense in depth
what if they can read your mind, for instance, and see what
you see, how well would crypto function in that domain and
in what terms. the only way i can think of is to function in a
realm that is out-of-bounds for oppositional perception, that
is not going to be calculated correctly due to distortions and
that will promote errors of perception of the shared perspective
so what if TEMPEST extends into alien or hostile android territory
where surveillance is ubiquitous at the level of the optic nerve
already, such that any thought can be reinterpreted by another
and thus information and views can be pilfered - ideas that would
lead to inventions or careers, stolen or expropriated, and with an
advantage of space-time manipulation, taken over and represented
as if the works of oppositional others, as if the thinker is stealing
their ideas than the covert swindle involved structurally, based on
compromised, unaudited technology allowing for such siphoning
or data extraction, various wellheads drilled and gushing data to
be exploited, monetized in the future backwards into present day
how well does reading/writing or thinking to self or communicating
challenge or get beyond any of this, or is it forced to operate within
such confines and the security, secrecy, privacy issue involves the
way truth is mediated by the differing views, versus various many
technical solutions that are by default insecure as methods, as
the problem of the THIS IS THE SECRET then always preexists
and is structuralized, handing away the labeled data into others'
filing cabinets to be thusly exploited, likely automatically this way
if you can see through walls these days, even through minds,
and yet this is not accounted for in threat or relational modeling,
how can crypto stand a chance as an idea if the very domain it
exists within cannot be acknowledged in the terms it exists
if the above, then perhaps in a twisted drug-war context of setup,
an entire manufacturing and distribution network required, and
profit-motive of business model driving the maldevelopment that
can be exploited or used as a control for behavior or agendas
this makes me think more than anything that perhaps
security theater aligns with GAMIFICATION
there could be several concurrent strategies or co-existing
efforts though some could involve 'winning' the rigged game,
whether or not this is involved in the subversion or involves
conquering of territory and taking over the flag (sign/symbol)
of another, as if x-marks-the-spot hidden treasure captured
what does it mean to be in magazines and have work that
is reviewed in terms not realistic to the existing environment,
is it a form of disinformation or camouflage, battlefield smoke
canisters and smoke grenades, to what extent is the imagery
or projection of the World Movie readily already understood
to be fiction or farce, stage scenery and what does it imply
if the image itself (signs signs signs) are a false viewpoint,
especially in a context of unshared ID with aliens, robots,
hostile others including deranged hominids & zookeepers
how truthful is security discussion of ideas, how bounded
in a limiting context that does not include necessary data
or variables yet seeks to reason inclusively about goings-
on, as if everything is an impermeable wall, ideologically,
while knowing the porousness of its dematerialization
what if the context is too limiting, too much software,
too narrow a view of hardware in the context of discoveries
as if this are not employed in black sites, ops, projects;
meaning: mind-reading by machine, injection of thoughts,
communication via implants and cellular technologies,
existence of human-identity robots, androids, aliens,
hostile and friendly. computer power far beyond anything
existing in the commercial or public sector, operational,
massive surveillance in local environment by competing
groups as the normal situation, vietnam-war like division
of culture along ideological lines, everything politicized
at the level of decision-making, real war going on within
bureaucracy and peoples lives, while a sitting President
oversees the situation as if a detached Egyptian Pharaoh,
pleased with the dual-use development, the deterioration
and incapacitation of lives needed to do the work needed,
making it harder and harder via each next policy this way
including this correlated to attacks on citizens seeking
to right the ship of state, active hostilities against this
via the dug-in political establishment itself, hostile to
constitutional interpretation beyond their private agenda
what if the head of state is functioning against the state
in its greater purpose, and is the short-circuit occurring,
far worse than predecessors, an image-based consensus
that allows mass marketing of one-way ideology and of
mediocrity to be the swan song for a dying civilization,
as if the death cry is now the only remaining freedom
(self-satisfied egocentric ideologues hatred, loving this)
[there is this, which follows below, though another view
of it could be what is not accounted for in these same
terms, yet remains hidden in the existing landscape,
where embassyification of the built environment occurs,
whether via surveillance cameras and sensors and mics,
hidden or unhidden, as well as antenna, phone taps, etc.
say as it relates to compromised routers and voip data,
or powerline networking that can radio siphon out data,
yet could remain undocumented or unaccounted for...
though give surveillers god-like powers via this gap in
how situations are accounted for, via 'magic' technology)
the points and perspective below are going to be evaluated
in the framework introduced, as it opens up questioning to
the majority of what is not being accounted for, apparently.
yet wanted to make a technical point prior to this, and then
add to it in that subsequent context for further consideration:
basically it involves 'antennas' on rooftops of buildings,
mainly mid-size or tall buildings that also can have a
telecommunications relay or antenna array at the top,
not sure if this is called a utility nest or what, besides
elevator or door access to roof and HVAC equipment.
aesthetics here are important because the distinction made
is that there could be crypto.surveillance or undocumented
activity that is not being accounted for in evaluations of how
things actually exist and function, that allows this political
leeway and undocumented power to take hold & exploit it
for political gain, an entire infrastructure and environment
made this way, mismapped and mismatched in terms of
signage and sayings, of what goes on as it differs from
what really is going on, that a security failure of highest
magnitude- peoples conceptions divorced from reality,
thus the illiteracy allowing the covert programs their
hidden domain to function within, mostly friction-free;
except say when Duncan Campbell or others intervene,
and thus issues of how this is managed, politically, yet
also, the role of censorship, control of viewpoint and of
perspective, what limits or thresholds are observed and
when are the restrictions lifted to grounded the old and
outdated model in a newer more realistic scenario that
can help people understand and navigate the situation,
giving a change at evaluating what is going on, directly,
instead of relying on remote perspectives for their sight
in this way, the mundane antenna array atop buildings,
which could range from commercial or other applications
(state data networks, WANs, radio, cellular broadcast,
along with taxi, trucking, transport dispatch, guessing).
and that this market for antennas on 'rooftop real estate'
is booming, especially with wi-fi if not wimax or whatever
is going on with those standards. note: this development
is minus any accounting for the actual health effects of
such antenna placements and the science studies have
been skewed and disregard exposure scenarios, removing
any kind of regulation as to this profit-filled roll-out of what
can be harmful signaling that swamps entire environments,
including people and surrounding wildlife, signilified this way
consider this residential tower in Minneapolis...
now even while i only have the most limited knowledge of
any of this, having read a small book on antennas and
having thought quite a bit on the topics, it does seem quite
evident that there are six mast antenna 'spires' atop the
crown of this skeletal Rockefeller-Center-esque building
and thus underneath the polycarbonate sheath, i presume
there are six mast (dipole?) antenna, that could be involved
in a wide range of communication functioning, including
broadcast and reception of various signals that could span
from outsourced to in-house systems. likely unknowns to
the public unless there are open databases with leases yet
it would seem unlikely if the networks were 'hidden' that any
such data would say - this is a secret telecom network that
is linking together various buildings and locations and also
mobile communications. it is not simply about speculating,
to some degree or other, of the multitude of such buildings
with such antenna, somewhere within them these other
'hidden networks' must exist alongside the commercial or
other normalized services with various delineating signage
and what is referenced here is the blending of the antenna
with the exoskeletal detailing of the building facade (unsure
if it is partly structural, if outer wall carrying weight beyond
itself or not, see- no practical architectural knowledge here
in conventional terms) yet this "structure" of concrete is
turned into the plastic and metal of hidden antenna at its
peak, which then is dematerialized in this same paradigm,
and operating at approximately 186,000 miles per second,
and move through walls and extend into remote geographies
even while appearing as part of the old building structure,
its hidden functioning not apparent to those unknowing of
its purpose or what dimensions it is operating within
so consider someone who moves into the building is an
android and lives beneath this radiating antenna array.
they may be unaffected by it. as might an alien whose
immune system has adapted to electromagnetic radiation
thus it is non-toxic to their biological or genetic systems;
in contrast, imagine a human moves into the apartments
below this antenna array that involves regular long-term
exposure of massive radiation that could be unshielded
and sustain higher levels of atmospheric disruption via
breakdown of ozone, or other dynamics that interfere
with cells in the body or brainwaves, and that existing
laws likely do not require any health requirement in the
terms known to exist that it is a harmful situation that
existing scientific studies have confirmed is conducive
to leukemia and cancer, while dismissing other exposure
so a developer could sell rooftop real estate for arrays of
high powered antennas radiating electromagnetic signals,
and the tenants below may be unaware of the detrimental
health effects and there is apparently no obligation to do
anything about this, to notify them or limit such exposure
to citizens, given the existing "walls" approach to reality,
as if the situation is about concrete only, no radiation here
now scale this down to wi-fi antennas within apartments
on larger antenna atop apartment buildings with people
sleeping and staying beneath them, long-term exposure,
while massive profit could be made at the expense of the
health of people living in proximity to these antenna, due
to negligence, non-accountability, and political cover that
provides for this onesided development, ignoring costs
that go beyond the parameters of evaluation. in this way,
a question of antenna moves into the infrastructure at
large, what of all the unshielded equipment radiating
harmful radiation in every direction, filling up the entire
atmosphere with a fog of electromagnetic signals and
damaging toxic energy, breaking down the stratum of
consciousness sustained in these realms and replacing
it with cellular towers to transit such data via brute force.
if able to overlay a screen upon the world as it is, that
would suddenly show all these signals in a given space,
as if a dig of a sector of the artificial electromagnetic
environment, what would be excavated in terms of the
signaling-- would it be a realm once placid and now
incoherent with energy, a cosmic soup of data yet
that is mostly noise for whatever signals arrived and
are put to use, versus what is transmitted, broadcast.
how to account for this if it remains invisible, including
mainly in the mind's eye, not allowed to consider or
have sight of such ideas because they harm those
who are exploiting these dimensions, harmfully
the larger point here is of crypto.development, secret
projects in the mundane landscape. like when you walk
by street furniture or car barriers and suddenly it dawns
on you how this could be a torturer's place of work in
some future dystopian day, that level of correspondence.
and so setting the stage, creating the workshop & tools.
yet what may be already existing in these dimensions
and yet hidden, though likely 'secret bases' disclosures,
like those ubiquitous underground fort bunkers or whatnot
so, this is leading to an idea pondered for years now, of
hidden antenna systems within buildings. it relates to
both HAARP and high voltage powerlines, infrastructure
in that you could send up massive torsional EMF waves
into the atmosphere, not only for over the horizon radar
or whatever protective bubble or warfare it may allow, it
could also be for weather control of cloud systems and
likely switching various patterns if not jet streams (not
sure how it works) via electromagnetic influence. so it
is a massive grid array of antennas that shoot signals
or waves of energy that effects weather superstructure
so too, the long-distance powerline network seems to
have similar potential if a pulsed signal or other type of
torsional energy could be emitted as EMFs atop the
normal transmission of power. in that 'radio' naturally
is connected as radiating energy, and perhaps these
could function as enormous antenna to transmit energy
that could effect weather formation over a geography
at national and global scale, as networked, coordinated
still, quite banal, though would not surprise in the least,
given that this engineering is going on and also involves
an active political agenda. so a question of how, not if.
and then curiouser and curiouser, architectural detailing
seemingly becomes more and more superficial, artificial,
not serving a functional purpose, questionable aesthetics
then calling into question the possibility that the "extras"
could be covert signaling devices, if not energy antenna
for precisely such weather control or other data signaling,
such as reception of satellite signals beyond dish format
metal armature on nearby apartment complex
now obviously it is 'off-limits' or out-of-bounds to consider
a covert antenna array as part of a building design, and yet
if that was a ubiquitous practice in an era of surveillence and
it were occurring in such dimensionality as haarp, say that it
was connected with weather modification, such that either
a torsional pulse wave could be sent upward and channel
clouds and weather into certain patterns, and-or receive
long-wave or other data transmitted and received this way,
would it not be important to recognize a superfluous detail
that has no 'ivy' hanging on it and functions as if purely a
technical detail, no pretense of decoration even, to block
the sun for daylighting, nothing. just balls out antenna.
and yet illegal to evaluate in these domains, architectural-
wise and ideologically, because if it were true it is its very
secrecy that allows it to continue to function in this way.
speculation, yet the reality of weather modification tied
to Global Warming and shifting weather patterns, and
this connected with 'green politics', carbon tax & credits,
melting icecaps, and local & global political organization,
movement, green jobs, green products, green economy,
green buildings for fuckin' fucksake -- all this BULLSHIT
as it exists within a context of crypto.politics and also
crypto.development, a hidden agenda within development
and the state, aligned with the same coordinated downfall
and reemergence in these new, warped, confined terms
that are only realistic inside the controlled private bubble,
this becoming religion, mass media dogma, programming,
indoctrination into a value system, funneled into commodity
so, just consider what it would mean if building occupants
were covertly aligned with such an hidden political agenda
and the building itself was creating the political conditions
via engineering weather, to enable the organization to exist
and further develop - as such, if this weather engineering
is occurring, how can it not be occurring in a highly biased
ideological framework that is politicized and designed for
profit-itself, as the deterioration and disruption and control
of weather is tied to policies, jobs, products, industries,
careers, political groups, rigged voter scenarios, agendas
that are undocumented in these same terms, as is their
connection to such weather engineering as if 'humans
are at fault' explains everything, as the false perspective
and setup required for the takedown, ongoing takeover
if you exclude electromagnetism from the analysis, it
cannot exist as a building function or in its programming
yet more and more in this stealth surveillance landscape
such systems are appearing as part of the infrastructure,
who is really accounting for all this (beyond the military)
further, i have long though of normal curtain wall buildings
as hidden antenna arrays, having this capacity, perhaps
those giant loops in SIGINT or radar facilities making it
seem most likely such covert antennas exist everywhere
and how would or could they be accounted for unless able
to detect and measure the signaling, especially locally on
site, monitoring in-building power systems, "extra-effects",
as harmonics or other overlapping signals ride carrierwave
then recently, upon viewing the video of Duncan Campbell
investigating the secret intercept tower between England
and Ireland for documenting all telecommunication traffic,
the thinking about these hidden antenna went even further
Channel Four: Capenhurst Tower // video
what if buildings themselves were these secret intercept
towers, and such functioning could be masked by ordinary
and everyday aesthetics that route into hidden systems,
say a building that is line-of-site between transmitters,
or dual-use or prop-antenna for commercial services that
captures and parses intercepted data otherwise -- could
you even tell from just looking at a telecom installation
in terms of these dynamics or would you need to map
out and trace every last connection and its processing
to figure out whatever hidden functionality _could exist,
as part of a threat model of ordinary, everyday landscape
in this way, what if a curtain wall on a building was able
to covertly function as a static radar or beam energy
for weather engineering or receive satellite or broadcast
data in unknown frequencies yet appear as if a building
material and nothing else, though having electromagnetic
or other hidden properties that allow such functionality,
and then secrets, security, crypto, privacy in this context,
rule of law which may not rule over such hidden domains
does the existing 'security paradigm' involve a failure of imagination
that provides a gap for exploits to secure themselves within?
is there a shared lack of reality that is a failure of relativist thinking,
lacking open logical reasoning, modeling what is happening and how
and instead it is heavily regulated, self-censored or limited so that
conversations of existing truth cannot occur, due to rules against it.
thus disallowing naming something what it is, and the exploit of this
further, what of e-wiring in buildings as antenna. many studies
demonstrate data can be sent through such systems, and that
there are connections beyond walls of inside-outside electrical
networks in their 60 cycle hums, as equipment is aligned, and
peoples nervous systems, to this clock cycle, hidden rhythm
why for crypto no mention of EMF blocking paint, curtains,
carpet, Faraday-cage borders that limit emissions, what of
shielding to prevent EMFs from allowing data exfiltration or
other such known means of access, egress into the safe
what of health itself in terms of security in a toxic wasteland
of electromagnetic signaling, every dwelling a cemetery plot
in those dimensions, killing cells by the nanosecond ongoing
perhaps too many implants and too many cyborgs and robots
and androids and aliens commonplace yet unmentionable,
thus the reality in the silence and unsaid and unsayable,
the big secrets still the global currency while those duped
at the local level myself battle it out in a psychiatric sendoff
to what extent is truth operative in security discussions, or is
it actually disallowed, Top Secret, off-limits for this everyday,
even when and while in a state of hostile and ongoing war,
its non-documentation in these terms, its great covert power
illegality given a freehand to exploit chessboard dimensionality
truth and security go together.
lies and falsehoods, security exploits, institutionalizing insecurity.
(note: previous post uses term 'solid' as a juggling term,
where a pattern is so well practiced it is error-free and
can be juggled with mastery. dual-use, foundationally)
F1 B5   F7 D5   C4 C6

@_date: 2013-10-29 20:27:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Love and Math Reviewed by NY Times 
mathematic concepts are usually not actually delved into in the
educational system, at least in the era of standardized testing and
rote memorization of formulas and equations. it becomes 'call &
response' of dumb processing and I/O operations fielded to human
transistors, whereby "calculation" is a substitute for mathematical
inquiry and questioning (understanding, realization, exploration) and
instead becomes detached and forced into a narrow confine of quantity
as number, as if this is absolute truth by default of its being
calculated in this framework.
in this way 'math' can become ungrounded, short-circuited,
disconnected from its larger legitimating truth and reality, and made
subjective by its compartmentalization and narrowing via too-small
parameters and limits, forcing the perspective, via statistics,
equations, 'named' variables. as if simply declaring a correlation
between number and reality validates it as objective truth, removed of
error, as if in a pure state. this ideological vacuum then allowing
all perceived or equation-threatening data to be removed as if impure,
potentially rankling the bliss of 'divine calculation'.
quantifying a situation, modeling it within number is not an end in
itself yet has become so due to the loss of logical evaluation (beyond
binary) of these polarized, authority-based views so reasoned, as if
majority perspective or guiding self-interest is magically equated
with number even. President Clinton seemingly the biggest believer,
endlessly repeating numbers as if the truest reality, defining an
entire era of such theorization, which continues today despite the
wakeup call of 9/11 providing feedback that the equations are actually
wrong in modeling the given dynamics.
what if such ungrounded mathematics and ideological belief are the
security threat to the state, par excellence. what if wrong and
inaccurate thinking and beliefs precedes terrorist activities and
perpetuates itself as a terrorist activity from another worldview, not
as privileged, island-like.
to teach and learn of mathematics is to consider logic, firstly, as it
relates to patterns, these in terms of modeling, processes,
transformation, into a realm of 'language', where the letter and
number co-exist in terms of variables and equations. establishing what
is objective, based on its evaluation as hypotheses, proofs, error
identification and correction, in-depth consideration of the invisible
scaffolding or structure of ~number that most closely corresponds with
empirical truth in its given dimensions, as a cosmic structure
connecting everything within its interwoven, nested order that can be
identified and referenced, akin to a physics of nature and
metaphysics, yet prior to things or stuff, the essence of it involves
grounded truth that sustains the shared reality across the entire yet
hidden realm, micro to macroscopic, interdimensional circuitry.
it is incredibly easy to skew data models and equations via the
mismatch between what exists and what is presented or represented to
exist, either by ignorance or malice, so to frame a picture or
worldview upon and within which interactions take place. power resides
in naming and confining data and perception into controlled variables,
defined by some observers, picking and choosing truth to preference
some truth over others, or entirely misrepresent 'the facts' yet
within the conceit of objectivity-- because it can be said, and
assumed grounded within number. as if there is no subjective
unsteadiness with boundaries or parameters or false limits in
evaluation which _must be upheld and protected for the worldview to
proceed unimpeded in its self-righteousness, error-free, as if divine
insight, being able to claim ownership of what is true, real,
declaring it via its calculation in these terms yet which has been
removed of its accounting in truth, beyond that of onesided binary
evaluation. paradox is ignored, never dealt with. it cannot be.
2-value logic does not allow for it nor require it, and cannot
withstand 'other calculations'.
this, false empiricism of the relativist mindset ensconced within the
shallow sign of numbers as equations that become SYMBOLIC calculations
as if metaphysics at work, religious belief transmitted into the view
secured, yet of a particular or partial truth that leads and allow
demagoguery and shadow boxing, never really accounting for the truth
beyond observer ego, yet the observer in their righteousness is made
infallible likewise, because the patterns are matched, as believed,
number confirming reality. the idea that number could be ungrounded,
never in question.
mathematic awareness, such as through arithmetic, involves more than
equations. it defines a way of relating to the world and provides a
model for comprehending it, especially in its interwoven patterning.
such as the concepts of proportion as this relates to aesthetics, and
spans natural and visual art and music as concepts, including
'harmony' or 'ratio' as these may co-exist across molecular forms,
Western architectural orders, and octaves and chords in music. lacking
that foundation, the truth of the patterning, then leads into a
disconnected, disassociated realm that such concepts are only
encountered later in life, and reconnected in their truth on an
intuitive basis, never clearly or coherently understood as the basis
for these connections, versus some after-effect or undocumented
anomaly that they appear to be in a system for promoting illiteracy.
'the sign of math', the symbolic equation, replaces and stands in for
the truth of math, the truth of number beyond the sign of the number
(e.g. "1"). in this way what is taught via rote memorization and
automated reply for standardized error-checking is pattern matching of
the signage, did the equations match the variables, and not the
underlying truth in its larger parameters and daresay it, foundational
context ~as thinking. instead it is memorization. mimicry to some
extent of thinking through something that is already figured out as an
equation, and thus what is mediated is the signage, not the substance
involved in the underlying questioning, which is bounded by
'mathematics as language'. as if the issues of math equate with
learning to write cursive letters in the alphabet, so too equations:
you matched input and answer correctly = truth.
and this is not actually math, this is surface level calculation, it
is not 'thinking through mathematics' it is processing data in such
structures that are beyond thinking, bounded as ready-made solutions
for input. the calculator itself the defining tool for culture that in
turn develops computers into advanced calculators (no more), and
electronic music instruments likewise. stuck in a bounded paradigm,
predetermined in a limited realm of consideration and functioning.
highly linear, serial processing in a standardized confined format,
all based within memorization, where the 'sign' stands-in and replaces
the truth it supposedly references and represents, yet is so warped
and skewed as to directly contradict what is real and in this way,
ungrounded mathematics and beliefs based upon 'number' as if symbolic,
equated with universal truth, establishing, allowing, determining the
basis for the false reality, the false economy, the false relations,
the false worldview and perspective in all its idiocy.
here you have the basic mind-body problem turned into a structural
disconnection between mental and physical reality and thus its
mediation (via false representation) can further and further separate
these SIGNS from what they actually reference and are 'truly believed'
(or not) to represent, in that the model can be warped, error-reliant,
self-serving, and corrupted to only some viewpoints and some
parameters - whose truth beyond these limits _cannot be questions, nor
can the equations, because they are secured as ideological structures
of 'shared belief'. even while this can be based in falsity, wrong
assumptions or ill intent, misrepresenting reality so as to control
it, etc. in this way: "education" that is against learning based in
truth, and any logical reasoning that does not conform to
predetermined and vetted 'correct answers' as standardized. consider
concepts like innovation in this bounded state, what parameters are
innovating allowed to occur within and where is it forbidden, illegal.
as this relates to issues of power, authority, control over
interpretation, the notion of 'democracy' in such a corrupt framework
to begin with.
then, consider the mind-body split, as institutionalized and enforced,
as this relates to politicized interpretations of neurologists,
psychologists, and psychiatrists (amongst many others), who rely on
these 'quantified models' and statistics and skewed modeling to again:
pattern match, as if this correspondance is inherently going into a
circuit of grounded truth, and not a more surface layer of evaluation

@_date: 2013-10-28 06:08:22
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: hide & seek (url) 
(potentially lots of relevance here to security issues, esp perhaps mimicry,
limits or parameters, insecurity via looped evaluation of shared technique...)
1-Trick Chameleon: Predators Learn to See Through Camouflage // via digg
"...the researchers found that it took their participants longest to
spot the [prey] when they were using disruptive coloration rather than
the other strategies, and that was especially true when the pattern
was of high contrast. However, as the [preys] contrast levels
increased above the level of the background, they became easier to
spot. In the middle was an ideal contrast level."

@_date: 2013-10-26 21:30:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: NSA, Love and Math 2 
(no apologies, my words are understandably reckless in the context
they arrive in, unless somehow JYA already has blasted through the
ideology in advance, creating a zone to share hypotheses within. his
support and encouragement have been vital for investigating and
interrogating the institutionalized madness. his advice to me that i
consider the electromagnetic context for my independent thesis, versus
electric only, critical to opening the interpretation beyond my limits
and inexperience. these ruminations of 'electromagnetic architecture',
though, not yet discussed or developed, though would unite many
disciplines in a new empirical structural relation. given existing
~public forums, usually my approach is oppositional, dismantling
ideas, so it tends to be brutal and is usually unwelcome. insofar as
it is about the ideas, it is not personal. the most common dismissal
is to be called schizophrenic for trying to access grounded truth in
shared observational frameworks to discuss the nature of reality.
believe it or not- deferring to logical evaluation is the quickest
route to be labeled insane these days.)

@_date: 2013-10-21 20:42:52
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: SRF: surveillance costumes 
also, in the general culture, these LED devices like hula hoops
and poi and other devices apparently appear at all night raves,
as with various electronic music concerts, where this issue can
be evaluated in terms of drugs and brain-washing via entrainment
of the nervous system, all that electronic and other stimuli then
formatting large groups and populations as if in a lab experiment
in that sense, the trance is literal, people are being programmed
or a type of submission is occurring to technological processes,
or so it seems. in this way, communion at the ~music concert.
mass behaviorism never had it so easy, the will to be formatted
and meld into the surroundings goes well with existing culture,
though perhaps this is a naive interpretation of what it involves,
who knows, maybe it involves digital genetics or something,
just the latest wave in the MKULTRA approach to citizenship

@_date: 2013-10-21 20:24:36
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: re: jugging & code 
there are a lot of possibilities, siteswap notation is one of these
though i never figured it out in terms of practical use, though for
those exploring and searching out new patterns it apparently
provides a mathematical framework for what could be possible
juggling is a very interesting realm to investigate for many reasons,
one of which is its looping patterns which can be changed during
the pattern itself, perhaps this a form of processing, grammar, or
syntax of some kind. likewise, color can be used to outline or to
provide additional correlations, say if a ball is being sent back &
forth over the top (think this is 'rainbow' pattern), if it is different
color than the other two balls it can help see the dynamics in
a way that same-colored juggling equipment cannot. my view
is that much could be communicated this way via LED balls
and clubs though my skills are extremely limited in this realm
whereas others excel at juggling and could explore ideas fully
i think PS4 and X-Box360 with tracking cameras would be ideal
platforms with RFID juggling balls to teach people how to juggle
via step-by-step instruction. the book Art of Juggling is a guide
for this, though also involves a philosophy of learning via juggling
which i think is most accurate about its underlying, hidden value
as a way of 'learning from mistakes' and incrementally achieving
what can be very difficult goals through trial & error and practice
it also reprograms the nervous system via ambidextrous action
of both side of the brain and nervous system and thus rewires
circuitry which can help dealing with stroke or other issues,
including coordination, memory loss; challenges, optimizes
my research interest is in the relation of juggling and music
as a way of approaching music from a different perspective,
under the assumption anyone can play a musical instrument,
if using a similar pattern based approach for exploring music,
start simple and then modify and further develop patterns,
which is how juggling works, first one ball, then two, then
three, then four... (that is my limit now, three clubs also)
Codes and Clowns: Claude Shannon the juggling scientist
also, juggling patterns could be a basis for establishing a
model for heuristic evaluation of looping hypotheses where
constellations of patterns move through a context and may
alter or change its functioning, transform the looping model
and thus what the parameters, boundaries, rules could be
if considering this in terms of N-patterns being juggled
(then likewise, what if a four or five ball pattern looks like
a three ball pattern from within a certain boundary, etc)

@_date: 2013-10-21 04:55:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: SRF: crypticl (ii) addenda 
i meant to convey that through this inversion the situation could actually
be moving from B to A instead, though appear otherwise, and that it is
the flipping or switching of the analytical grounding of this [signage] into
other frameworks or circuitry that essentially shifts and transforms the
perspective, recontextualizing it within different parameters, dimensions
(also: the mismapping of events and skewing of statistics possible by
manipulating the bounded belief systems can be a realm for exploits,
hacking and cracking systems via false-frameworks and viewpoints
believed to exist via surface pattern-matching and assumptions)

@_date: 2013-10-21 04:35:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: SRF: crypticl (ii) 
here is an example of these dynamics...
say you are living in a surveillance society ruled by a hidden and
malicious yet bounded dictatorship, so its malcious actions must be
stealthy to break the illusion that a democracy has fallen into
private despotism (which explains alot)...
and so there are people who are politically oppressed who are
targeted. say black bag jobs, censorship, bugs in your walls, active
hostile monitoring and abuse and harassment as feedback. yet this also
occurs in a context of 'private psychology' of the oppressors that is
separated from the state, its beliefs, constitution, etc.
knowing this, a person may live in a fishbowl that is routinely
disrupted and their life not allowed to develop due to these
conditions, essentially an open-air prison and only a matter of time
and further political consolidation before extinction.
that the oppressors have a A=B mindset then could allow a false
perspective to be constructed, validating a sign=sign belief of the
oppressors, thus establishing a boundary that confirms their
ideological viewpoint of a given situation (reversing perspective, or
reversing the panopticon). prisoners monitoring the guards, etc.
so, a person may pursue the age-old, time worn, and time-tested
Bearded Lady at the Circus routine, in this given context. and this
event could confirm or ground to certain preconceived notions and
views of the hidden observers, who seek to exploit this *hidden* data
they are gathering and distributing via illegal surveillence. (in
doing so, allowing their activities and distribution channels and
political networks to themselves be thoroughly mapped...)
Bearded Lady at the Circus
so suddenly the secret network has its valuable data to frame a person
with, they could even work to "out them" as a result and this could be
monitored by an inmate, as to what tactics and techniques are used,
and where the ideology begins and ends. that is, if beliefs are
verified by matching patterns (in this sense: pT = pT), then it is
equated with grounded truth (B=B), even though it could be only an
illusion. or bounded within certain dimensionality or thresholds.
so imagine the Dictator and their political groupies have such hidden
data on someone and it could even be presented as if a crime, say for
a corollary example, and that their release of such data is a threat
that in its actualization would secure their victory-- their "true
belief" that rationalizes and finitely determines events in their
favor would be fully established by discrediting and criminalizing
opponents to despotism.
this occurs on the assumption that they can control the parameters by
which an event is evaluated, such that a [event] in their limited
framework would automatically tally into their calculation of
universal truth (A=A), though this is based on bad faith and
exploitation of truth to serve the observers, firstly, and thus they
are "truth" and "law" and so forth. what is not accounted for in their
private relativistic psychology is that the situation could be
accounted for from all angles, as an ['event'], and that in this
reframing from their limited self-serving viewpoint, a
recontexualization could involve them and prove their involvement in
this event, so they are not outside of it nor able to control its
interpretation, and instead are in a model of the situation beyond
their determination over it, via empirical analysis of the total
thus for instance if someone broke the legs of a child and kept this
out of their observational equation, and then yelled and blamed the
child for not being able to run, and even demands that they run with
broken legs, the observer could say the child is not running because
they are lazy or weak, not accounting for the injuries and malice. yet
an external viewpoint could account for the breaking of the legs of
the child by the observer, which is not accounted for in their
self-serving viewpoint, due to its inherent biasing to a given
interpretation, which could even be subconscious or covert, *hidden*
or encrypted in the psyche of a silent running sleeper agent who has
done terrible things yet plausibly can deny this because they are able
to separate or compartmentalize this truth from their conscious
belief, unless pressured enough to make errors, where A=B dynamics
appear and must be resolved to reestablish psychic equilibrium, or it
is a dangerous existence that only gets more polarized and in this
way, increasingly schizoid as the world does not align with a
worldview which becomes fragmented and at odds with itself in its
onesided, conflicted reasoning
in this way, the previous example of a hidden dictator having
incriminating evidence could be viewed as their "sure thing" that is
going to bring down an opponent, this as it relates to the drug war
for most people in the depths, likely, as one instance of many
approaches to blackmail and takedowns. the threat of imprisonment, or
assassination if you are lucky, etc. and yet that limited perspective
is ungrounded in the larger situation, reliant on a false perspective
to establish such dynamics, power, control over events and their
hidden interpretation and secret determination. this pT=T worldview of
the dictator makes assumptions that are not wholly true nor accurate
about other observers and their observations, because a false
perspective could also be established for the dictator- so that things
*appear* a certain way via feedback (B=B) yet that this is not
actually the truth of what is going on, beyond that limited and
controlled despotic boundary. it is an illusion, a fantasy detached
from empirical reality - yet allowed, and thereby enables a pattern
match between what is believed and what is seen, for the ungrounded
true believers of despotic ideology.
in other words, another reality (A=A) could exist in this same
situation, albeit within different parameters, co-existing yet silent
as a parallel yet _grounded reality.
thus it really comes down to an issue of accounting for truth and how
it is modeled, both in terms of observations yet importantly,
critically- how the observers are themselves accounted for in their
evaluations and claims. empirical truth removed of falsity (T) is a
different perspective than relativistic pseudo-truth (pT) that
includes and relies upon errors and to justify given viewpoints that
equate with 'true beliefs'. there should be no allowance for such
structural bias, distortion, warping, and skew of observation in terms
of justice. error is essentially falsity in this 1 and 0 model, and it
is not arbitrary, nor can denial of absolute truth disallow such
key to this is 'belief' that is ungrounded, whereby "belief=belief"
establishes truth (pT), instead of grounded belief that is empirically
true (T). the former maps onto the individual or group that contains a
worldview or viewpoint that is equated with truth, yet this is
actually themselves that they are believing in, serving. their belief
in truth is their belief in their own infallibility, their own ability
to determine truth. it is about an observer whose mere act of
ungrounded observation is ideologically believed to be a 1:1
correspondance with truth, as patterns match their biased viewpoints,
and justify their correctness, thus allowing a self-righteous mindset
inside of a protected finite boundary, that then has an internal model
that is relativistic, 2-value, and not observant of unagreeable facts
or reality or truth beyond this self-interested boundary.
this essentially becomes a demographic of people who are *unbelievers*
in truth outside their own viewpoints. this is insanely dangerous and
violent ignorance. they happen to have taken over government to, as
the private corps of the dictator.
*believers* are those, in contrast, who defer to truth, recognize it
beyond their limited boundary, via logical reasoning, and observe of
views of events in their truth and do not seek to censor and shut down
valid observations or make it conform to their limited worldview in
order for it to be allowed or accepted as truth, only if it serves
their self-interest or does not threaten their worldview and "belief
system" or private religion (of self as if creator).
so ungrounded observers could believe a partial-truth is universal
even though warped and a false perspective, while grounded observers
could know this and could have prepared a bounary condition that
allows for this as an illusion, by ceding ~ground as it were,
unaccounted for observations and activities that are effectively
unnatural or virtual and tentative - lacking actual feedback to not
spoil the illusion, and therefore a gigantic bubble-reality could
exist surrounding and inside of this dictatorship where 'the reality'
that is believed to exist is not actually real, and a given event
could puncture the illusion and remap all events into a different,
more accurate framework.
in this way, 'the crime' that may be believed absolute truth in the
self-serving viewpoint, not accounted for beyond the corrupt
evaluation and biased interpretation, could function differently than
expected for the dictator, whose goal is to play this as part of their
winning hand...
and thus if they have incriminating evidence, for instance, of the
[crime], say it is of a closeted transvestite who is a male-lesbian,
this could be their ace in the hole to play against an adversary as
part of a game-winning strategy, wrongly believed equivalent to "burst
the bubble" on the other side via politically exploiting the
and so their poker hand could be a ROYAL FLUSH, the secret evidence
the [ace], with King, Queen, Jack, and Ten cards lined up across all
suits in all directions, as if a universal winning hand, owning the
table and every player.
yet there is another possibility-- the ['ace'] could actually be the
lowest card, instead of the highest as believed. and thus it could be
equivalent to a 1-card, king (2), queen (3), jack (4), ten (5),
whereby the metaphysics of the game are different than expected. this
is because 'the crime' could be interpreted beyond the self-serving
limiting viewpoint and account for the role of the dicator in
establishing the context for the crimes and involving in the
criminality while seeking to judge other sin these same terms. how
much hypocrisy can an entity contain, how much psychopathy, malice and
ultimately: falsehood.
it then becomes a dare. if they release their evidence it can be
turned against them, especially with massive external evidence they
are not even aware of, showing the direct involvement in oppression of
the citizens of the state by the hidden dictatorship and those who
serve it. and then it would be possible to account for other truth
beyond the limited dimensions used as *threats* and as a basis for
actual violence and oppression, harassment and even TORTURE of
citizens, in these terms, to secure the false worldview as if
'reality' itself, yet in a private framework that only serves a
specific group at the expense of everyone, for that epically wicked
it is thus about how the truth is accounted for, in an ungrounded
pattern-matched evaluation of relativistic [signs] in an agreed upon
private political evaluation, or of the ['truth'] involved throughout
the signs and language and claims and beliefs and grounded
observations, in a single shared model of empirical truth, of the
given events.
without a free press (crypto.corrupted) that is extremely difficult,
because their view is what scales easiest as an alternative viewpoint.
and thus there is silence. though the dictator may believe or _feel
this equates with acquiescence, affirming the rightness of their
secret yet harmful rule. and it does not. it matters where the lines
are drawn as to how this situation is perceived. and to be honest-
these people are truly stupid, they have a limited intellectual
capacity to deal with this situation and so that is easily exploited.
yet the continuation of an illusion does not mean safety. and the
tension in the air as things polarize will only be more and more
the best move by the dictator would be to make the attack, make the
claim, bring the charges- arrest the perpetrator, bring the issue to
public trial instead of secret judge, jury, executioner. it would
validate the hardness, virility of their truth, as it corresponds with
an extended sentence for the crime as portrayed.
yet the failure to achieve this-- the faulty approach or
unsubstantiated case or contrary evidence would instead shrink this
"sure thing" should the approach fail, and political impotence and
total loss of power and legitimacy would result in not succeeding in
the normal channels. the fraudulent case and viewpoint would collapse
as its interpretation goes beyond the boundary of the accuser, to
involve the accuser of deep involvement in this and vast many other
crimes against the human citizenry. so they would be on trial if they
should bring a case and the collapse of government and their rule over
it would be accounting for in any such legal deliberations.
likewise, doing nothing brings impotence likewise as the false
worldview is folded back upon itself into smaller and smaller
territories of self-controlled belief, as the views once shared are
fragmented and disconnected in their operational cohensiveness, and
thus this particilized constituency would find itself outside the
prevailing view which it cannot share or understand due to limits
resulting from self-corruption and ideological conformance, and belief
in superiority they now have to rationalize in polarized, contested,
and very likely in fighting terms, with those they have oppressed by
their ignorance and malicious intent. those most active and powerful
will be weakened by outside comparison, even appearing foolish to
themselves as irrationalism takes hold and madness sets in, once
realizing their awful predicament
in this way, while things could appear to /certainly/ be moving from A
to B, given a series of moves, in a more complex environment an
inversion could have taken place that recontextualizes the ground upon
which these events take place, and at a critical juncture, a decisive
moment could arrive where TRUTH=FALSITY for the other oppressive
observer, where the binary worldview completely collapses into its
opposite framework where only partial truth (pT) is allowed to be
validated in a shared POV and that the evaluation goes beyond the
given controlling constraints, thus allowing parallel observation via
human identity as the shared empirical perspective, versus an
ungrounded false perspective reliant on lies, falsehood, errors, to
serve a private view and constituency to the ruin of the earth, life,
and humanity
there are no odds. there is only truth and its accounting. anything
less is tyranny.

@_date: 2013-10-21 02:53:36
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: SRF: crypticl 
in a relativistic world, this viewpoint could function as an absolute
determiner of truth, especially in an authoritarian context. yet the
concepts referenced can themselves be ungrounded, empirically, such
that [crime] is only evaluated in a realm of partial-truth by default.
thus the concept of ~crime would be relativistic, given who is
observing, potentially.
     [observer]  ---->  ['truth']
the most basic issue in this, and where even scientists and
technologists get it wrong is in the belief of a limited or bounded
objective methodology, that accounts for 'truth' only in a limited
framework while ignoring other truth that still could be relevant.
this bias is built into the methodology via what is essentially
private psychology, the role of the observer not itself being grounded
in truth, yet believing itself capable of determining external truth
based on this subjective existence: (A=B) ---> (A=A)
it is just not that simple as willing into being a model of universal
truth based on observation, without error-checking the observer
themselves for flaws in belief, which instead function as if by
default capable of discerning truth, yet this occurs in shared beliefs
reliant on pseudo-truth, which is where ungrounded or relativistic
(warped) ideology operates best.
     ['observer']  ---->  ['truth']
in this way, an ideal observer would be accurately grounded in truth,
neutralized observational bias via other observers of their own
observation (qua: "observing the observer") which is necessary to
model the observer in A=A terms, to remove falsity from those
structural frameworks relied upon to make judgements.
     observer (pT) ---> ['truth']
absent this essential rigor of observation, whereby a self-evaluating
observer is themselves acknowledged in their fallibility, and
finiteness and boundedness in a particular perspective of an event,
their private relativistic belief of what is occurring could /claim/
to be able to discern this external truth, yet, it is probable it will
be bounded within the limit of their partial viewpoint by default,
thus whatever 'truth' exists would need to be self-serving to uphold
their viewpoint that establishes this truth, though it would be
reliant on the errored framework for its reasoning, also highly likely
of binary mindset that takes some aspect and makes it the 'whole
truth' because it fits or matches a particular pattern or belief, thus
validating it in the limited context. at most, it is only a 'partial
truth' that can be ascertained this way - also likely unchecked for
its veracity beyond this limited structural boundary...
     observer (pT) ---> ['pT']  ||  ['truth']
in other words, in this ambiguity, both the observer of an event
defaults to a pseudo-truth observation, and the limited observation of
an external event is captured within this bounded observational
framework, and thus reliant on this partiality for its reasoning via
pattern-matching -- though this occurs in a realm of matching signs as
language, "images" in effect, that fulfill an objective criteria
(A=A), though it is of [signs] = [signs] that are ungrounded, only
partially truth, and yet what is partial is viewed 'whole' or given
universality - including errors and flaws and wrong or warped
assumptions, left uncorrected because these allow the viewpoint, the
belief that this is true because it can be ideologically equated with
it, via surface-level signage, versus the larger truth it involves,
which remains unaccounted for, ignored, or denied outside the private
boundary, though also inside if it contradicts a belief, it thus will
be subjectivized, cherrypicked to -prove- "true belief" as a form of
dogma, a settled fact that is incontestable.
in other words, the ungrounded observer influences the observation,
their measurement and momentum effecting what is observed and thus
their biasing reflected in biased viewpoints that can limit truth so
as to privately secure it in binary onesided frameworks.
for instance, the observer of the man (who thus is determining crime)
could view a situation in their own limited threshold while leaving
out other relevant data, which is what onesided binary viewpoints
allow, an ideology of this as a faith-based belief system, yet not of
external truth -- instead it is of a protected truth, inside the
private framework of the observer themselves, where they are the
determiner of truth, on their own terms. that is, the observer takes
on god-status, places themselves as the determiner of universal truth
even while in a warped relativistic viewpoint, and decides what will
be true, as if this is not a conceit and egotism.
this ungrounded form of observation places ['truth'] secondary to
belief about [truth] which is how the intellectual aspect of ideas can
be short-circuited to just allow surface-level superficial pattern
matching of [signs] in a realm of pseudo-truth, which speeds up
processing and decision-making and allows easy alignment of mass
viewpoints based on answered questions in a common POV though this can
be and is ungrounded and relativistic by default of its boundedness,
finiteness, controlling a version of ideas and events (essentially all
of politics and religion and science and culture) yet that is actually
detached from accounting for these beliefs in terms of their truth,
beyond the given and protected boundaries and borders - these,
profit/prophet-centers no less.
ungrounded beliefs then, by default, are assumed objective because
~facts can match a pattern and be edited to onesideness and then deny
other facts both within and beyond the protected boundary, leaving a
model of 'total truth' or universal shared belief that is based in and
reliant upon inaccuracies yet in denial or disregard of these, because
it is about power firstly, not truth, and truth is serving an agenda,
a rationalization and viewpoint that it is forced into conformance
with, versus existing in its own right and beyond a context of
inaccuracy. this is why accounting for truth via logical reasoning
beyond binarism is basically illegal, it has no place within society.
the observer can be proved wrong, faulty and flawed in observation,
yet in a hierarchical society this cannot be allowed, thus censorship
and editing of viewpoints, who is in-group and excommunicated or
barred from entry, so as to maintain the ideology that is A=B in its
partialized "universalism" that is a self-serving, biased, inaccurate,
relativistic framework.
(the observers are essentially highest truth, their views made
infallible, people serving themselves firstly -- not truth itself.
this is the ultimate corruption of the self and a condition that
people can be born into and can maintain throughout an entire lifetime
as an ideological belief system, where 'truth' is meant to serve their
immediate needs firstly or it must be wrong, damn the evidence)
     [observer]  --->  [person]  --->  [event]
     [observer]  --->  [criminal]  --->  [crime]
in other words, the-sign-of-crime could be patterned matched to some
event, and evaluated only in a limited biased framework, thus
regarding only the [event] and not the ['event'] in its total truth,
nor likewise the total evaluation of said ['crime'] beyond a certain
self-serving observational threshold allowing the default viewpoint,
favorable to an observer seeking out such justifications.
this is why the method to establish grounding is needed. what i refer
to as ~recontexualization into a shared framework of parallel
observation, an event taken from every perspective, which will be
beyond a single observer or finite dimensions and instead model a
situation in all the dimensions it exists and can be accounted for,
say N-observers and N-dimensional evaluation.
     ungrounded_observer (pT)  ---> "crime" (pT)
the situation likely involves every observer having access to 'some
truth', though it is only when it is compiled together that the total
situation in its truth can be accounted for. what if, for instance,
the observer who is after a person for a crime is actually themselves
involved in setting someone up for the scenario, and yet this is not
accounted for in their 'belief system' about what happened or how it
should be dealt with. that is- they themselves are left outside the
equation even while they may have a hidden agenda or motive for the
given rationalization. so what if falsity or deception is part of the
pseudo-truth observation, what if there is more to it and yet they are
willing to cede anything to such truth that ties them to the crime,
and yet other observers can account for the same event in these terms,
and have evidence corresponding to this scenario.
what that would involve is an observation existing beyond a finite
viewpoint that the original observer seeks to determine as A=A (T) in
a warped and twisted way, without accounting for their own errors or
falsity which could be covered up by a simplistic view of [crime] =
[crime] as it equates with language, pattern matching of signs, versus
the real ['crime'] in its empirical truth, what the dimensions where,
say decades in the making for a setup and takedown, and thus the
observer could be the real criminal and yet realize they are actually
the one on trial, even though to their limited evaluation it _appears
an exact match to their private reality.
this is where deception and psyops probably do their work, in terms of
the illusion, the exploit of pT=T and A=B as if A=A when instead it is
B=B. another way of saying it is that there could be parallel truths,
some grounded some not, and these could co-exist in superposition from
any perspective, and events could appear a certain way given
predisposition, logic, and belief system, such that realities could be
affirmed yet entirely different in a similar context, while evaluated
in different parameters and by different means, implying here rigor
and lack of or absence of rigor, as the situation may allow ~beliefs
to exist friction-free.
     observer (T)  ---->  'crime' (T)
it is entirely possible an observer could remove themselves of
falsity, include and account for all evidence beyond a private view
and boundary, and evaluate a situation in its entirety to discern its
truth, given the combined evidence. yet if this situation instead
needs to be edited to conform to a viewpoint, to allow a given belief,
and a political rationalization self-beneficial to an observer, then
perhaps the falsity of the observer is involved more than at the level
of inaccuracy, and instead is lying or being deceptive, not truthful
themselves yet seeking to determine it for others -- the ultimate in
hypocrisy. worse yet is this as a management ~ideology or belief
system, where entire peoples are held within dumb, self-serving
hierarchical viewpoints that are not based in a larger truth, and that
over time increasingly become less and less connected with external
reality, including the economics of this, just look at how government
systems serve themselves before citizenry as the major example of a
failed state system.
this same ungrounded relativistic situation of observers (who are not
themselves operating in 'truth', only 'partial truth') likewise occurs
in language and legal systems as mentioned, where ungrounded relations
and exchange are the basis for determining "justice" yet this concept
is detached from its truth, and instead it is a law of signs, pattern
matching, and not of their truth, to the degree that you could make a
logical proof of a situation in its entirety and have that be the
perspective that is evaluated, versus having agreements based on
'shared observation' in a social realm, as consensus is formed within
language, not 1 & 0.

@_date: 2013-10-19 21:32:35
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Pa: da: d-a#2e !8upje. In.z :$ qu# e ta2t:_ 
Moon Jones -- (difficult to take you seriously while
you're wearing a tutu and holding a pink umbrella)
YES.  i worship my mother.  this is your problem?

@_date: 2013-10-19 20:00:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?B?cMedyZTJucqOZMqHb8m5IChuyblscyk=?= 
The Artist of the Unbreakable Code  (via A&L Daily)
Composer Edward Elgar still has cryptographers playing his tune.
read this article the other day and wondered if anyone evaluated the
alphabet for letters that have those curved shapes (e.g. m, n, c, w,
u, p, q, b, d, g, etc) at the subsign level, removing extra details
for common squiggle structure,  potentially how the cipher could be
related to musical note values...
Dorabella Cipher
Letter Groupings
(list of alphabetic structure in terms of what letters share certain
qualities, like lowercase with vertical bars, or lowercase with
structure beneath the baseline. vital knowledge for such calculus...
though missing rotational without reflective symmetry NSZ)
"In typography, a homoglyph is one of two or more characters, or
glyphs, with shapes that either appear identical or cannot be
differentiated by quick visual inspection."
"A numeronym is a number-based word."
Transformation of text
"Transformation of text is strategies to perform geometric
transformations on text (reversals, rotations, etc.), particularly in
systems that do not natively support transformation, such as HTML,
seven-segment displays and plain text."
no  us
14.2 October 2013

@_date: 2013-10-19 18:56:17
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: South Park NSA (update) 
South Park Studios loses power, misses deadline for new show
   "South Park Studios lost power on Tuesday night, and with their
computers down for hours the team could not animate, render, edit or
work on sound. As a result they couldn't finish Wednesday night's
scheduled episode, which is a first in "South Park" history."
Most epic read of our time? It's not classics Beowulf or War and Peace
but Google's terms and conditions, say scientists

@_date: 2013-10-17 21:25:11
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: please ignore: this is only a test... 
(dealing with list formatting mechanics and rendering issues)
quoted, line-wrap  (y/n)
 (another reference test) - 78 character monospaced Courier New font,
gmail indented, line-wrap  (y/n)
 (another reference test) - 78 character monospaced Courier New font,
quoted to test line wrap
 XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX
gmail double quoted line-wrap  (y/n)
 (another reference test) - 78 character monospaced Courier New font,
indented then quoted, line-wrap  (y/n)
 (another reference test) - 78 character monospaced Courier New font,

@_date: 2013-10-12 07:33:52
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Computer H14 
Tech Time Warp of the Week: Jim Hensons Muppet Computer, 1963
By Daniela Hernandez

@_date: 2013-10-05 19:46:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?=5B16=5D_technical_footnote=3A_m=C3=B6bius_code?= 
i just watched a video from the Numberphile on youtube and it
perfectly captures a conundrum at the intersection of mathematics and
language, in a context of communication and interpretation, as this
involves read/write processing and potential errors or different
pathways to grounding supposedly common [variables], as this also
involves boundaries and limits and thresholds that influence it
please watch the video before reading the analysis below, so as to
consider the information prior to a particular evaluation of it:
Politics and Numbers - Numberphile // 7:31 m
in the way that [categories] can move from one context of
interpretation [A=A] into another [A->B'], so too it is possible that
the relation to the data or variables in a given framework could exist
in another framework, beyond a given boundary of presupposed
therefore, hypothetical issues of [skin cream] and [gun control] could
be remapped into another context, via ambiguity and relations of
observers, that is the dimensionality that potentially could be
connected to the concepts in their {superposition}, and thereby
euphemism could also exist as a subtext or subconscious or alternately
referenced domain that is outside the "normal" interpretation yet
still existent in terms of mapping into a shared meaning structure.
in this way, responses equated with "correct answers" imply
correctness in this secondary realm, as if grounded by the equations
and their conclusions.
in this way, referencing [cream] and [guns] could relate to sexual
politics and their interpretation as well, as if part of the larger
inherent dynamics of language as this influences and effects
"variables" of math. that is, such parallel processing could be
occurring beyond a given boundary, and be camouflaged or hidden by
variables as a means of -secret communication-
thus: the clear-answering via such quasi-computation that "skin cream
is worse" and "ban on guns is better" has different political meaning
when evaluated and recontextualized in this hidden framework, which
may be the default situation for observer-observer communications, in
shared unspoken frameworks. implicit yet operating beyond the given
boundary, unlike, or stealth, though of a realm of shared
consciousness in some domains and not others.
this is indicated in an instance of double-talk (or perhaps there is a
more effective word for this) when the narrator confirms YES-YES  that
his colleague is "good at math" when looking into the camera and then
doing a second take- indicating "no", as if there is a parallel realm
or juxtaposition in double- or triple-layers of meaning, that instance
perhaps mathematic specific (e.g. good at math meaning can deduction
of simple analysis (yes) versus literacy of mathematician (no) as a
result of arriving at the correct answers, or interpretation).
the inflexion then, when the narrator sums up that  "there are people
who do understand science perfectly well, who still let beliefs CLOUD
their judgement", could be grounded in this 'other context' via its
use as an analogy or metaphor, shifting or confirming a certain
secondary or tertiary meaning that co-exists alongside or embedded or
nested within the 'mathematical framework' that undergoes reasoning
clash "processing" as if entirely 1:1 by default, even though having
these paradoxical aspects of language that it is mediating, that are
unstable, and 'multiple' in interpretation, which ground to different
circuits or could be _ungrounded yet validated by this transference of
'proof' or 'correctness' via pseudo-mathematical analysis, a secondary
reading inferred and -believed- as if primary, yet unchecked in its
own framework of assumptions yet by default held as valid, due to its
coherence as language via shared awareness, meaning, and thus TRUE by
default of its being reasoned in these terms. a context of an
educational classroom with a field of lavender chairs perhaps implying
a royal instructional dimension, even, as part of an ideological
predisposition to how information is transferred on several channels
simultaneously, yet also secretly.
in this way, so too, programming in relation to the [ideas] thus
categorized and used for computation. the inherent potential for
mbius code that turns a given interpretation inside-out or is
transformed in some elusive way, where a boundary is surpassed yet
there is no seeming accounting for its different from the inside. this
is how observer-observer relations could occur, where there is
discrimination occurring in a given context yet afforded plausible
deniability as these issues can simply be denied or disallowed as part
of the 'shared awareness'. it is also seemingly how code or programs
could exist at other levels or have other unaccounted for
functionality, given how they are interpreted and in what dimensions-
based on what is shared awareness and shared as boundaries and
consciousness. perhaps much goes unnoticed and much is allowed in this
same way, as to social dynamics yet also brought into computational
contexts, of reasoning and 'seeing' and observing and communication
itself. so what if there are hidden rules traveling alongside a given
communication exchange, and that these are oftentimes the primary
language that is mediated by "equations" as it were, discourse or
formulas- and yet it exists beyond an accounting in truth, of the
actual issues mediated in this hidden way. to me that is the very
basis for tyranny of A=B governing the ability to consider A=A
relations, because it is the boundary that limits that consideration,
and is ideological and beyond error-correction, functioning as dogma
yet also, potentially, shared governing falsity that itself becomes
infallible due to its existing in language, as code, or especially as
a mathematical construct which actually is subjective and ungrounded.
in this way the tyranny of mathematics and linguistics and their
hidden service to political agendas, as programmed and codified and
parsed, becoming platforms for the false-perspective, while the real
reality is muted, unable to speak, deemed crazy to try to account for
what is going on that is officially "missing", the hidden data and
hidden viewpoints that corrupt and conspire towards certain opaque
functioning, given perspective, literacy, boundaries.
in other words, [ideas] that become programs and exist in computers
are not error-checked or error-corrected at this level of accounting
for their functioning, and this could be a realm of the security
exploit or 'other coding' by default of the A=B difference in
interpretation and this may be inherent and inescapable yet also could
be designed for or around, yet requires modeling of paradox to do so,
to address the contingencies of variables in their multiplicity.
perhaps it is a cognitive exploit, the human processor and human
computation that is the issue as it then may read/write or interact
with, interpret, and parse other code, whether computer programs or
others ideas-- yet the assumption should be this is an ungrounded
observational position from the start, that so much is unaccounted for
in basic relations, and so much is "believed" even in common terms
without the ability to question conclusions or observations, which can
skew to only certain predisposed beliefs- very likely due to limits
and boundaries allowing for this. and thus the issue of infallible
observers who by default may base relations and evaluations upon their
unchecked through always already "true" viewpoints, itself is the
basis for decentralized tyranny of 'shared beliefs' that by their
being shared or confirmed, are equated with truth itself.
illiteracy in this context not only involves bounded or limited
analysis, it is also dangerous for others who may be silenced from
this same activity, where the common false perspective rules and
everyone must conform to unspoken yet actively communicated hidden
agendas. thus, the mathematics can by default of their being related
to and through, as interpreted language, be subjective and provide
cover or a mask for other language, as a sign system that provides for
such calculations to be confirmed, yet only in pseudo-truth. this is
the essential corruption. and it appears to reside in individuals
themselves as thinking and non-thinking beings, such that the
integrity of an observation may not be required to exist within the
observational self, instead it could be assumed a function of language
and its external mediation even, 'over there'.
in other words, 'errors in truth' may not be recognized or accounted
for within the observer themselves, yet form the basis for shared
observations with others in these secret or hidden channels in that
their being shared is used to confirm their truth, via their
usefulness. and yet the self is held beyond account for this, and can
continue in error or unchecked in limited or warped or skewed
interpretation, and this may be parallel to other observations or
coincide with them, beyond a given boundary, where it is shared by
some and unnoticed by others. yet this establishes the observer in
this realm as an infallible viewpoint, which can then interpret or use
structures parasitically while assuming equivalent deduction by
inference, yet which would be ungrounded and pseudo-truth by default
of its skewed accounting and not being testable or error-corrected in
the terms it exists, and instead offer a one-way communication of
"belief system" that is not held to any account, yet may govern over
what equations can be utilized within what limits, while secretly
exploiting them at the same time in this way.
thus to propose this is the default situation, until made transparent,
and ideas grounded otherwise- and all of this accounted for in
modeling of language and mathematics, which until that point would be
more false than true, given the probabilities involving continual use
of shared frameworks of pseudo-truth that are detached from empirical
accounting in the wider context of truth, thus tending toward zero and
total falsity by these very same covert means. ad nihilism.
16 -> ig-noble

@_date: 2013-10-19 04:53:26
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: bird.comms + compilers (urls) 
Dude, where's my code?
(re: paper is titled "Towards Optimization-Safe Systems: Analyzing the
Impact of Undefined Behavior." // Stack)
Birds on repeat: Do playbacks hurt fowl?
(context is of birdcall networks & modem protocols, perhaps this issue
of emulation relevant to security protocols, monitoring, attack
strategy- or not)
Cuckoos impersonate hawks by matching their 'outfits'
(crazy cuckoo birds impersonate hawks, exploit of localized
overlapping pattern matching. potential comp.security or software
systems correlation, beyond poli-sci)

@_date: 2013-10-19 16:13:57
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
first the sleeper hold...  then the piledriver....
 now the  C A G E M A T C H  ! ! !

@_date: 2013-10-19 03:29:37
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
i am like a robot. i do not understand.
 i need the situation explained
 step by step so i can do whatever is needed
 in those parameters to improve the interaction
 else i could just say fuck it
 though it is a valid point if sending
 unnecessary chaos due to approach
 that could be tweaked and limit problems
 it would be helpful though if someone
 was angry about my posts to let me know
 it was my texts so i could address the concern,
 the sideways complaining is confusing
 perhaps it is karmic symmetry
 of some kind, online ghosts

@_date: 2013-10-19 03:10:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
i somewhat understand the situation thanks to feedback...
 the problems here involve a broken pc and porting texts
 from one platform into Gmail, where formatting errors and
 line wrap issues exist, thus unreliable rendering of emails.
 since the list does not send me a copy of my own posts,
 the archives in plain text are what i see as to the filetype,
 not realizing it may be rendered as HTML email elsewhere,
 because data only appears in plain text anywhere i see it
 this whole time i never figured it was about my posts due
 to this, unless somehow MINE attachments were what
 was referenced - yet only HTML was repeatedly scolded.
 in approximately two months, looking at emails, i have
 only seen a few examples of HTML email that i recognize,
 mainly because of formatted or colored text, and did not
 connect this with the *scrubbing* of the HTML content,
 associated with the way the email is being processed
 by the list management software -- which i thought is
 neutralizing the HTML formatting before it goes out
 thus, if there is a setting to receive plain text, why not
 subscribe to that option, for that situation, i do not yet
 comprehend what is going on as these posts render
 in mailboxes elsewhere, if they are indeed HTML or it
 just involves a footer with links to the scrubbed html
 and associated attachments, aka multipart MIME (?)
 i tested plain text resend (locally) of the last file and
 it renders Unicode ok, so will try that approach though
 mystery formatting issues persist with Gmail (and, as
 an indication of deterioration of usability, they recently
 removed 'translate' from Google search, so downgrading
 functionality in email also seems likely, with formatting
 and limited reply or other control over email content)...
 that said, i do not know (for lack of getting a copy of
 emails myself) if graphics are sent out as attachments
 or scrubbed and archived on the list (which i assumed,
 given the footer attachment data). the reason for not
 direct linking everything is to keep a copy in archive,
 in case i delete drop-box, so the essays have basic
 content for a few ideas requiring of some diagrams.
 if that multipart MIME attachment is the issue, is
 it not possible to somehow 'not view attachments'
 if they are sent out, or filter such messages, versus
 stop visual messaging of relevance to list content,
 because someone somewhere does not want that,
 and it is a potential security threat if 'weaponized',
 in that it is a way of attacking through delivery, etc
 what is a forum without ideas, how much security
 to protect what, security talk about security tech
 yet no conceptualization beyond those boundaries,
 like what is crypto, what are the concepts, where
 are various peoples understandings and interests,
 and might some visual information help assist the
 conceptual issues, or is it text-only, no imagery.
 because then it is just not worth it, trying to share
 new views and ideas about issues of crypto today
 not everything fits into text or a 77 character line width.
 these tools suck for communicating and sharing ideas.
 it is self-punishing even to try to share ideas online.
 everything goes against viewpoints that are not already
 agreed upon as part of the existing perspective. it takes
 and requires a significant effort to build up an alternative
 model and this requires some additional visual data to
 make points or frameworks otherwise not possible in
 text alone, and things are beyond Lynx interfaces as
 an email exchange scenario, to limit exchange to those
 parameters is perhaps too limiting even, unless what is
 said here is supposed to be secure in some way that
 i do not comprehend, like this data is under attack
 maybe i just do not get it, what the issues are.
 are online forums not to communicate ideas and
 while mobile and other platforms exist, there are
 many examples in code of how data is ported to
 those interfaces, not determined by it, because it
 is a different set of requirements, ex: m.mobile.tld
 1) will try to send plain text, if formatting is retained,
  this will include a few attachments for the list archive
 2) MIME-footer scenario will continue. unknown if these
 images go out to everyone- my assumption is that they
 went directly to the list archive: scrubbed with HTML...
 2a) if attachments go out to list members, is there is a
 way to choose not to receive them, via list software,
 2b) if images go straight to archive is there any issue
 3) is there disagreement on attachments. no images
 and i am gone, cannot communicate the ideas. i can
 Dropbox them-- never meant to impose the imagery
 on every mailbox, especially if a security threat. yet
 it seems more secure to email than Dropbox them,
 potentially, if somehow the file was remote altered
 while stored static. assumed a central list archive
 was holding imagery via the scrubbing process.
 4) what would resolve the issues... i do not see how to
 avoid multipart MIME footers with image attachments,
 yet perhaps however many list member should have
 to goto an URL to retrieve attached image content than
 have it arrive with the email. i am a believer in the text
 + image approach for emails, i think it is too low a limit
 on communication to take out visuals in basic exchange
 because much more can be communicated w/ diagrams.
 unfortunately everything is against this, even in-line images
 are no longer an option in email and webmail software...
 thus forcing text-only, sign-based, linearity like this
 feedback?
 p.s. used to ASCII diagram extensively yet no longer
 have tools able to control monospace fonts this way.
 any pointers to online resources for creating technical
 diagrams using ascii for email communications and the
 settings needed greatly appreciated. saw this online
 documentation the other day and its formatting is ideal,
  why is it so impossible to get that kind of control over text,
 and how do technical diagrams get rendered in ASCII (no
 examples here, rare to encounter them) and where to
 learn how to do this. not online ASCII-image translators
 and instead, are there tools and settings for text editors
 or does Gmail limit this from happening. tried Outlook
 yet it is insane and unusable. cannot find the new mail
 button even. fake whois. sick software experimentation.

@_date: 2013-10-18 03:47:08
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
so you're saying the person is reading this
 on a two-line 80s electronic pager then?
Actually, it's gmail that is doing that.  People using pure-text

@_date: 2013-10-18 01:43:01
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
hello. as far as i know, this is not HTML, it is a unicode message.
the way it goes through- the list software attaches an HTML file
after every post, though there is no text formatting of any kind,
other than recognized unicode characters that remain in the text
that last post was because some messages can go longer than 77
characters or make it to the list that way, and i was trying to get 78
so as to send a plain-text chart versus an image attachment, and
this with respect to cryptographic considerations of a matrix array,
as it directly relates to a long history of crypto in these frameworks
again, i do apologize, i tried to append the test to several previous
messages though could not arrive at a solution and did not want
to interfere with an unrelated text by having a massive error.
if everything worked (software, computers, internet, type, gmail)
and it could be figured out, that would be ideal, yet things are not
particularly well suited to these basic communication tasks and
if possible, please filter my posts into the trash and ignore them,
it is entirely understandable, it was not clear if it was my posting
you referred to previously and consecutively, though i am not as
far as is known, sending HTML out from gmail (it does not say,
it just says: plain-text, and then non-plain-text, which is RTF or
HTML) though it arrives on list as plain-text, with unicode, just
as it is sent out, stripped of any HTML. not sure about the list
software settings because i do not even get copies of my posts
even though that is the setting. and it says plain-text as far as
i know, for how to send/receive, and HTML does not make it
onto the list, except very rarely in my short interaction here
if you say 'no attachments' and no special characters and no
html error attachment files (have no idea how to control that),
it leaves a very minimal text-only realm to communicate in
that would not allow any diagrams, any charts or data that
does have relevance to crypto -conceptualization-, ideas.
i just do not understand how it makes people so upset in
terms of the content, fucking cryptologic fundamentals
for fuck'sake. are you really going to go apeshit over a
crypto diagram that introduces a new concept and asks
for it to be evaluated, especially to challenge the ideas
or take other views about it. that is great. though if the
idea is HTML is this critique, that is THE BULLSHIT.
please filter me out of your email stream, problem solved.
then you could stop your recursive bitching and moaning.

@_date: 2013-10-08 12:01:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: NSA UTAH data center 
Power surges 'cripple NSA data centre'
     "It said civil contractors were confident the problem had been
solved but a special US Army engineer investigation team had said the
cause was "not yet sufficiently understood" to be sure that it would
not happen again."

@_date: 2013-10-19 17:26:22
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: SRF: crypticl 
this gets to the more actual situation with ideological short-circuiting
of mass surveillance: the search for terrorists comparable to the hunt
for Bigfoot, Yetis, Nessie in the collective, Chupacabra and others
how much is the data dragnet comparable to evaluating populations
in these fuzzy terms, as if any aberration or anomaly will snap-to-fit
in some framework of illegality to be used for biased prosecutions
how much of the technology infrastructure functions as a toy versus
tool, allowing wild theories to be explored and mapped onto citizenry,
everyone a suspect, an unidentified type that hovers around categories
due to demographics, statistics or other affiliations, awaiting exploits
in other words- the hunt for terrorists is like a hunt for cryptid beings,
yet in the total surveillance, instead of the pinpointing and tracking
of such, it appears the entire society is held within this mindframe,
everyone a threat to someone who is surveilling behind the curtain,
credit ratings, coupon users, shoppers who return faulty goods,
people requesting warranty service - as if cheaters and stealers
in that- instead of many distributed spotters saying they located
an anomaly in the northwest sector, this spotting and informing
instead is ubiquitous, a flurry of such calculations of potential
and known infractions, from someones warped self-interest view
not accounting for the larger balanced evaluation, hidden tallying
for awhile now have considered how a Bigfoot would exist in the
surveillance society, especially urban areas, such as those who
try to drop-out of change identities - how far could you get with
biometrics or facial recognition and forged documents until the
alarms start activating and you are tracked and then cornered
yet what if this is every single person, potentially, given the one-
way politics involved, the oppressive aim of domination of those
hidden and beyond public accountability as they hold the public
to account in terms they do not recognize or themselves obey
in this way, a population of bigfoots, a hidden network of those
spotting, tracking, and surveilling, the short-circuiting of this as
if in the public interest and involving democratic aims of citizens,
instead a massive setup, ungrounded interpretations giving way
to orchestration of near-term centralization of dictatorial power,
feedback loop somewhere outside of representation anymore
what if the cryptid ID is the Dictator running the works behind
all this, and requires other spotters and tracking to corner the
illegal activities that continue, despite all the tools available,
seemingly used instead for playpen antics first and foremost,
in that babbel allows this situation to remain undocumented
in its conceptual terms and actual dimensions of existence

@_date: 2013-10-28 03:51:37
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: TS crypto disclosure 
well said coderman.
quite curious how in a sensor-laden environment
those who move through as noise agitators and-or
communicators think a lifetime free-pass is involved
and that no door knockers are going to arrive at each
and every address to settle scores, in similar genre
i guess NO FEAR goes a long way in some networks

@_date: 2013-11-20 07:47:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: dual-use (urls) 
Interesting. also, like how phrenology was discredited yet when
recontextualized via neuroimaging it seems a similar paradigm, just
different territory and cartography.
noting for completeness: connection of TENS and other such electronic
devices with kinky sex culture...
Erotic electrostimulation
The Museum of Questionable Medical Devices is also in town here...
all of this reminds me of Alvin Toffler, (perhaps book Futureshock) who
advised taking company tours such as of manufacturing facilities to learn
how industry ecosystems function as another route to education, literacy,
learning. there is a quackery devices, Bakken, and also a broadcast museum
in town, though the advice extends towards visiting old mines, e.g. (MINOS
Detecter) [0] or other facilities. in Berkeley i had a tour of their
participle accelerator, fascinating to learn that a particle can be
suspended by magnets, held in a stationary position prior to being merged
with the other accelerating beam, or perhaps for being smashed into, i
forget. though in a security-paranoid environment even these basic
pleasures of learning seem off-limits in terms of ideas, on lock-down
potentially, perhaps most so the threat of reinterpretation challenging
ruling ideology. like every observer is a security threat and social
relations and ideas tunneling inside that.
[0]

@_date: 2013-11-16 05:51:19
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: re: passwords! (p7) 
consider the previous example once again:
     [pass]-[wo]-[r]-[ds]   --->   [mo]-[sp]-[ssap]-[J]
there could be multiple transformations (a->b->c) that
could involve switching the sequence of the set, and
other such ~operations, whether to the entire password
in aggregate (as string) or inside the separate 'bit' sets,
each potentially having overlapped or different changes
due to symmetry with alphanumerics (hiox), usually the
reference is to vertical, horizontal mirroring and rotation of
180 degrees, though this could also involve 90/270 degrees,
such that a pass could filter the entire string for 90 degrees,
as in the example below, or in other instance, only set 1, etc.
     [mo]-[sp]-[ssap]-[J]   --->   [3o]-[p]-[ap]-[J]
in this example, the letters 's' when rotated 90 degrees turn
into the russian lowercase '' via substitution.  likewise the
letter 'm' turned into a '3' via its partial rotation.  another rule
for bit set transformation could involve the contraction and
expansion of what is inside the set or the string en total...
such that in the original example, the duplicates letters
in a given set are dropped into a single letter... though
this could then double the other letters within the set...
     [ssap]   --->    [sap]   --->   [saapp]
therefore, a starting password string could in a given
instance change from nine to ten characters...
     [mospssapJ]   --->   [mospsaappJ]
a different take on this same technique of expansion
and contraction is more deconstructive, in that that
the 'intra-sign' or 'infra-sign' structure itself could be
tapped into as its own layer of character abstraction.
consider once again the basic example already used...
     [pass]-[wo]-[r]-[ds]   --->   [mo]-[sp]-[ssap]-[J]
it is possible to modify what is within each bit set in
a range of ways, this transformative process equivalent
in some sense to calculus, relying on geometric ordering
as it relates to typography though could extend further into
linguistics (phonetics, meaning, grammar, syntax) variables.
the focus of consideration is what could potentially happen
to meaningfully transform a bit set or bit string and then use
this as a framework or basis for a ruleset for such processing
take the first bit set in the transformed version:  [mo]
it can be broken down or opened up via its correspondence
with other structuring, so for example the issue of rotation is
such that 3,w,E,m are variables for rotation while o is the same:
     [3o|wo|Eo|mo]
so in that particular range of parameter, the superposition for the
original letter 'm' is more varied than for the letter 'o' in the same set
further though, the structure of the sign itself (at the intra-bit set level
of measurement), that of a single letter, could also be the basis for
such transformative rulesets that further expand or contract 'variables'
in that through their "options" or optionality, provide various structures
that may or may not be used in given bit set permutations at multiple
levels of the letter sign, intra-bit set, inter-bit set, and bit set string
     [mo]
again, consider the potential letter-based structuring that could be
broken apart and merged/fused together to either expand or contract
the given alphabetic and likewise other alphanumeric example...
     [mo]   --->   [rno]  --->   [rn()]
the letter 'm' is fragmented into a letter 'r' and letter 'n' which combine
back into the letter m via proximity or adjacency, and the letter 'o' can
be abstracted into paired symmetric parentheses. what this also does
is take the bit set and expand it from two letters to four characters
the takeaway is that the length of a password could be variable given
what rules are involved, such that a base password could expand and-
or contract and itself be variable across many of its attributes, existing
in a potential state or superposition, that is more the parameters of a
Schrdinger scenario than a pattern-match in a dictionary context
for any given [password] that could be a million potential permutations
consider the following example of a bit string instance, again...
     [mospssapJ]
just making one transformation could change it from pw1 to pw2,
say using a 180 degree rotation first, then a repeated letter function
that drops a letter and expands others in the set (in this case string)...
     mospssapJ   --->   wosdssedr   --->   wwoossddseeddrr
notice the original password ~instance expanded from 9 characters
to 15 characters and has actually changed 'variables' of the password,
so that even if the original password is known, (and then: outdated),
without knowing the rules, it would not be easy to establish pw2 due
to potentially infinite variability, whatever the hidden rulesets may be
another example going further into this transformation via expansion
is to breakdown the sign-structures, again exampled at the bit string level.
     mospssapJ   --->   rn()s|oss|oJ
not much is occuring in this example, it expands from 9 to 12 characters.
though to make it more elaborate, lets rotate the letters 's' ninety degrees...
     mopapJ   --->   rn()VI|VIVI|J
this instance transforms the 9 character pw1 into a 15 character pw2 and
also introduces special characters that could be mapped to alphanumeric
structures. and this could go anywhere, to pw3...pw
for example, further mirroring, symmetry, rotation, duplication, substitution...
     rn()VI|VIVI|J   --->   L|IVIV|IV()nr
....horizontal mirroring of the string, and its further 180 rotation....
      L|IVIV|IV()nr   --->   ju()^I|^I^I|7
another pass could again recombine letters, such as substituting
a letter 'b' for '|', and turning each letter within the set 180 degrees,
if it can be mapped into another character structure...
      ju()^I|^I^I|7   --->   rn()VIpVIVIpL
so the idea here is that it is possible to move from pw1 to pw
and have a running password that is a transmutation of some
original or seed password that is itself autonomous, changing
and variable across a range of parameters; in this way, the
password could have involve aspects of superposition in its
bounded local interactions as its variability is encountered
     mospssapJ   --->   rn()VIpVIVIpL
in other words, pw1 and pw2 and pw could be a continual
process of transformation, and this variability could fill time,
and expand and contract and change characters, languages,
inter and intra-sign structures, and likewise could include
other variables as mentioned (temperature, other relativistic
variables- moon phase, number of sunspots, UV index, etc)
thus, pw1 could be 15 characters in one moment, 38 the next,
and potentially even strengthened if more than five attempts at
access occur, dropping gates and walls and further parameters,
or spawning a false basic password as entry into the labyrinth...
x x x

@_date: 2013-11-14 05:58:02
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: expanded security model (was passwords! (p2) deux) 
attempt to clarify an overlapping conceptualization........
      (pseudo-truth 2 (truth N))  <===>  ((pT 2) truth N)
            [pT <---> T]                  [pT <---> T]
 ...these are the more accurate dynamics, though even moreso:
      (pseudo-truth 2 (truth N))  <===>  ((pT 2) truth N)
        [pT.binary <---> t.N)           [pT.binary <---> t.N)
skipped a step in the diagram above, meant to correlate how pT & binarism
are symbiotic and often correlate with ideology and 'closed'
though the original approach referenced 'machine 2' that suddenly morphed
into representing a 2-value or binary relation, viz. symmetry with machine
(such frameworks probably need to be broken down into 2 or 3x more detail
to actually get into the mechanisms, so these are only abstract sketches,
though could be further described as structures or 'additional
though the appearance may indicate otherwise, from a biased perspective.
(note: wrote mask for some reason above, i think that was inadvertent
bullshit because it makes no sense, stills do not have the words to
describe what is going on, abstraction level too high, too confusing
the overlapping frameworks of multiple meaning, though wanted to
to attempt to make a correction via the diagram that follows..)
forgot to diagram the 'information' transfer via the exchange, as the
differing models migrate toward their associated models. in this way...
       (pT 2 (truth N))  <=:=>  ((pT 2) truth N)
                           :
             pT   <--------:-------- [pT = pT]
                           :
          [T = T]  --------:-------->   T
                           :
 such that:
       (pT 2 (truth N))  <=:=>  ((pT 2) truth N)
                           :
          [pT = pT]        :         [T = T]
                           :
          -ungrounded-              -grounded-
            relation                 relation
also of potential relevance with regard to information
as it relates to entropy, is the proposition that 'truth'
precedes falsity and establishes the means to evaluate it.
this is something i have concluded after years of thinking
about the dynamics though have not formalized it as of yet
though it just seems self-evident, especially in terms of
the cosmos, everything relates in truth, and the variance
within that structure (mutations, anomalies, errors) that
is already established in a foundation built within and
upon shared truth as framework- literally, ~continuum as
truth relates to circuitry, informational scaffolding.
this easily gets into Sartre or Heidegger metaphysics,
of being and non-being (then related to nothing), as it
also involves truth and not-truth in relation to falsity,
though this is likewise ambiguous, with /unknowns/ and
other fundamental concepts like partial-truth, pseudo-truth
(one in the same, in some cases, depending upon if it is
distinguished and-or purified as truth, removed of error
or structurally reliant upon it for a given view or relation).
snooker, eight ball, trickshot

@_date: 2013-11-13 19:42:33
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: passwords! (p2) 
the concept of entropy as if a metaphysical device has me confused in
most cases. given that i do not have requisite skills or understanding
of technical implementations, there is a tremendous gap between how
such processes actually function as structures, what the exact device
interactions are. and thus my naive observations occur in a realm of
mostly unanswered questions and basic assumptions though it seems also
that what is known by others resolves what are probably fundamental
misunderstandings on my part, due to not knowing how these things
actually work. though in questioning without knowing, perhaps
scenarios can be retested and solidified in their correctness and
robustness, though for me it remains opaque and little understood and
beyond my capacity in most all crypto descriptions.
my relation with 'entropy' as a concept was from reading and thinking
about cybernetics (N.Weiner) and also understanding it as a concept in
nature. Guy Murchie, author of excellent books that conceptualize
nature, was one of these contexts for basic awareness and a sense of
understanding that appears to lose relevance in a crypto context and
becomes perhaps more mysterious than it actually is.
The Seven Mysteries of Life: An Exploration in Science & Philosophy
By Guy Murchie
Google book quotes on entropy and concept of 'negentropy' (pp.444)
     "What's in a name? In the case of Shannon's measure the naming
was not accidental. In 1961 one of us (Tribus) asked Shannon what he
had thought about when he had finally confirmed his famous measure.
Shannon replied: "My greatest concern was what to call it. I thought
of calling it 'information,' but the word was overly used, so I
decided to call it 'uncertainty.' When I discussed it with John von
Neumann, he had a better idea. Von Neumann told me, 'You should call
it entropy, for two reasons. In the first place your uncertainty
function has been used in statistical mechanics under that name, so it
already has a name. In the second place, and more important, no one
knows what entropy really is, so in a debate you will always have the
advantage.' "

@_date: 2013-11-13 03:35:15
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: re: passwords! (p4) 
completeness is its own thing...
need to mention case of 'partial passwords' where user
and site merge into a final password yet the user password
cannot be cracked without the hidden variables blended into
the final working password that is either static or changing...
for instance, a previous example...
     [][3][][.][for][-]...[][4][iconID][cib]
what if [iconID] was hidden as to its bit-set size, it could be
1 character space or twelve, and yet it would remain hidden
at password entry by the user yet required to gain access.
     [][
such that some algorithm processes the input in another
framework and if somehow this is processes is not normal
or it triggers a particular mechanism, a threshold condition
could activate blocking access within the password itself
vague, i do not know exactly how it could be engineered
such that it would be needed and unseen by the user and
yet be able to distinguish the actual user from imitator or
hostile attacker, though in this way, the moat/drawbridge
mechanism that would be 'missing information' within the
structure of the password, such that the STRING in itself,
input by the user, is not the password, until it is mixed in
with the other piece via the site security.
     [
in other words, a password could only be partially that of
the user, and perhaps this is already how it exists today,
though that each variable could be more than a character
and this could be a bit-set computation, as an icon/other
coordinates are blended together, some data of which is
not in the user domain and would remain unknown and
beyond the ordinary boundary, inside a further interior
realm of protected data, a second security vestibule,
in the above case, all the wildcards could be data that
is in the password yet zoned for another level of access,
such that the administrators must provide the data else
that it could also be variable in size and 'timing', such
that real-time or other permutive functioning could be
rolling, 'living code' that is masked - "unknown", and
potentially has a calculative or image-based input that
is not visible on the outside, yet also entangled with it.
perhaps it is not of classical physics, this, yet why
must the password unit be assumed a single static
character and not something in movement, existing
beyond perception and operating by unknown rules
that influences what the actual password is, at any
given point or place in time. unique perspective as
the basis for a universal security approach (UID)
lime, tequila, [ triple-sec

@_date: 2013-11-13 03:09:04
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: re: passwords! (p3) 
yet another approach, user registration involves time-based
parameter, which is based on NIST shared clock set to a
particular city or time-zone, minus a mystery variable,
which then runs a 'tally' as the password as it has been
transmuted via calculation: thus the password is rolling,
every changing and cannot be computed as a string
because it is never the same (if designed that way,
to include rolling variables within a longer bit string)...
in this way, example:
[var1] = [Pacific Time Zone] minus (skew variable) - "3.14"
[var2] = [DAYDATE spelled out] plus (translation)
such that ==>  [var1]*[var2]
(list fool's magic xor goes here)
==>   [var1a][var2c][var1b.var2d]...[var1w][var2i]
whereby, the entire variable of [var1] and [var2] when
combined is *changing* and transforming in real-time,
via hidden, unknown clock and date correspondence,
though could involve GPS, weather, other variability
that is essentially entangled into a living password.
in the realm of impossible to crack, in my estimation.
any computation that cannot stop time itself in order
to run the brute force would be losing time and then
it would be purely chance, never less than the odds
of trillion to one, or whatever it could be, every attempt
no matter how many dictionaries parsed in parallel...
this is not a password:

@_date: 2013-11-13 02:08:40
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: passwords! 
the list fool here chiming in...
i just wonder if there is a boundary condition that exists that is
making passwords insecure by protocols that could themselves be
modified, and alter the probabilities of easy dictionary attacks.
for instance, if A-Z and a few special characters are allowed in a US
keyboard alphabet, if that is the majority of what is being
automatically cracked, perhaps it is not surprising.
yet what if the passwords 'length' were not the issue, such that a 20
character string (of several number.words with several intermixed
special characters) could still be successfully attacked, given those
limited parameters. and such a view may be: moar characters, longer
string, etc.
perhaps mistaken though i wonder what 'dictionaries' are referenced
because if they are mapped to normal words of a given language, and
special symbols, and yet held within the walls or boundaries of a
particular alphabet or sign-system, then perhaps language-to-language
the password cracking situation remains basically the same.
yet, what if the Unicode barrier (if that is what it is) is dissolved,
such that many languages could co-exist, such as 12 different N's and
ligatures and other special characters...
ex. normal bounded password in a given Unicode
character set / alphabet, with special characters:
      th3r0uT33Nw4!z+3sezU3
compare this with a multi-alphabet approach:
      z
what are the computational probabilities of searching across all
ascii/unicode alphabet characters and getting that pattern matched,
versus let's say [35] options per password character in a constrained
the calculation would be something like this (to 21 spaces in ex.)
versus, if wildly approximating: [1,000] options for the 'multiple
language Unicode characters and special symbols' password approach.
the following estimate may be inaccurate though for 35 times itself
over and over twenty one times, the number i arrived at was:
     9.321739789445372e+33
again, calculation may be inaccurate, though for the multiple
character approach, only 11 characters @ [1000] needed for:
     1.e+36
though imagining it could be many fewer characters in comparison, say
if accessing Chinese and Arabic other characters.
in other words, perhaps a hypothetical [10,000] symbols could be made
available per password unit than [35] in the highly restricted
approach that is easy to crack, and that would change how computation
occurs with regard to how such passwords are created, stored, and
exist, especially in a highly constrained OS and peripheral
environment that constrains cross-pollination of such key typographic
information that would change the basic dynamics, data behavior.
this is the slot-machine approach to  [p|a|s|s|w|o|r|d|s]  because at
a certain point, anything could tally...
     [*|*|x||7|*|*|
though what is more... for each _space_ there could be any
sign.symbol, as with icons or special characters, potentially, that
could be potential keyspace or what today may appear as "junk"
information that is infrastructural for multilanguage computing, and
be utilized beyond the language boundary for its signage, for
passwords & security.
in this way, the three unit password (icon=ascii symbol)
   ['icon'][][]
could be stronger than a much longer, restricted alphabet, if going
towards 10,000+ options per character. yet the model itself could
example such that a password is constructed by a bit-set string, where
like a slot machine, could instead have 'words' as the units (as with
the existing password approach, word1&word2, etc.)...
  ['word1'][[][]['gps-coords']
if only viewed in bounded terms and of serial computation, a long
*predictable* string may be easier to attack than a shorter
unpredictable string that takes massive resources to churn through the
possibilities - and who knows, maybe the password has a time-cycle
that automatically changes its nature during that time period of
surface tension, iridescence, spinner

@_date: 2013-11-12 23:37:25
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: philosophy & psychology (urls) 
TEDx:  Prof. Dr. Elisabeth von SamsonowCordless Mega Confusion
"it is not that the body is inhabited by the soul, it's just the other
way around, it's that the body inhabits the soul, the soul is
inhabited by bodies- by many bodies. the soul is the sphere in which
we communicate, and our bodies are in this sphere, where we shared
this... cordless communication, by directing our information packages
on different wavelengths."
[highly recommended. profound understanding & observations,
conceptualization and awareness. philosophy of architecture...]
Keynote lecture by Elisabeth von Samsonow: The Plasticity of the Real
"architecture as cybernetic loop through geology;  architecture is parageology"
"people take the role of [the] Electra... who confronts a big problem
when her mother loses power. truly nothing is more disagreeable than a
weak person to depend on. one would get furious with that person. and
the {unknown} is more and more turned against the earth directly,
which makes it finally difficult to enjoy (architecture in the form
of) parageology. ...all the building, all the digging, and hollowing
out get more and more performed by rage and despair against the earth
and by complicity. ...this is the age of archi-heresy that marks a
period where the ontological tie between architecture and geology is
broken and dissimulated. archi-heresy is not operated against a
monotheistic god but against the earth. it is the dismissal of geology
as the principle of architecture when an open heresy - another earth -
is simulated, a pseudo-earth- offering space and arranging material."
(cartography replaces geology, gps orientation)"
"architecture... more of a gardening practice (and biology), than parageology."
"a large part of the built world, the environment of today, could have
been {mould} to the thick surface of the earth. the fetishizing of the
eye and the look made architecture an issue of vision but in fact it
is not. it is an issue of the whole body that is equipped by a proper
sense of space and matter." ... "instead of impressing the public with
pornographic forms and fancy structures, architecture must concentrate
on its geological mission. where else? now the strata of the earth are
completely irrelevant compared to the price per square meter of the
{superficials}, all future architecture will include mining and
geologic expedition as well as metallurgic and ecologic research- such
as finding out where the veins of water go as well as those of petrol,
and any other liquids and tissues and minerals and stones and soft
{earths}. this will be the {infernal-jective} operations of an
architecture that reconquers and finally integrates its proper
(being-unborn, electra complex to electro complex)
A Network Spanning The Forest  (Underground) -- of Mother Trees
A Ballet Performed by Birds: Starling Murmurations  (see first vid)
Murmurations - Ephemeral Plastic Sculptures
& Geometric Order Amidst Starling Chaos
Self-steering particles go with the flow // tuning via asymmetry
"The new MIT approach, described in Nature Communications, requires no
external forces and takes advantage of hydrodynamic principles that
can be exploited simply by altering the shapes of the particles."
E. B. White declining an invitation  (via the inimitable Podcast  - Andrea Kuszewski - Bulletproof Executive Radio
GSummit SF 2012: Andrea Kuszewski
How to Design Your Life for Continuous Cognitive Enhancement
Andrea Kuszewski - The Science of Motivation:
Neurology, Psychology, Gamification (GSummit SF 2013)
[saw this underwater ROV and downrigger attachment and it immediately
conjured the future of musky fishing  (may require stealth though, a
sealed container before deploying baited lure or hook). this for the
trophy-winning no technology barred Boba Fett fisherman. all it needs
is a floating wireless transmitter buoy to allow extended range, cut
the cord. though perhaps murky water, seawood, underwater hazards
combined could shipwreck.]
Deep Trekker ROV
Nothing to see here //   rel. 'man caves'
[quote] "Blending in makes sense when you're trying to avoid being
eaten," Martin says. "Less is certainly more when predators are
around." [unquote]
Changing the conversation: Polymers disrupt bacterial communication
"As part of their research into the development of artificial cells
and programmable bacterial coatings, the team found that
polymerslong-chain moleculesthat were able to arrange bacteria into
clustered communities were, surprisingly, encouraging these bacteria
to actively 'talk' to each other. This communication occurred by
quorum sensing (QS), a way in which bacteria signal to each other, and
coordinate response to environment. Quorum sensing also controls the
way in which bacteria release certain types of moleculesfor example
as a defence mechanism or as tools for infection."
Better police surveillance technologies come with a cost, scholar says
[quote]  "Much of the Supreme Court's previous treatment of police
surveillance has rested on the belief that individuals have no
expectation of privacy in public places, and that surveillance
technologies that merely improve the efficiency of police
investigations comport with the Fourth Amendment," he said. "While
officers must obtain a warrant before using some technologies, the
courts generally do not regulate efficiency-enhancing technologies."
Those assumptions have been workable in the past because of the
limited use and capability of efficiency-enhancing technologies. But
with the advent of automatic license plate readers and surveillance
cameras with biometric recognition, the efficiency of the surveillance
itself is becoming a constitutional issue, Rushin said.
"Since no one has a reasonable expectation of privacy when they're in
public, that means that a police officer can do whatever a normal
person can do without any kind of special approval," he said. "They
can observe your license plate and write it down on a piece of paper
and run it through a database. But now they could also use an
automatic reader to scan license plates in bulk  up to 1,800 license
plates per minute, in fact. That will invariably vacuum up enormous
amounts of data on innocent people, too.
"So you have technology that might replace the efforts of dozens, even
hundreds, of individual law enforcement officers." [endquote]
Physicists 'uncollapse' a partially collapsed qubit // reversible peek
"... the recovery method is not perfect. The probability of recovering
the qubit's state depends on how much it has collapsed, so that the
more collapsed the qubit is, the less likely it is to recover. A fully
collapsed qubit has zero probability of recovery.
Still, the recovery method could be very useful for overcoming one of
the biggest challenges in developing quantum systems: decoherence,
which results in the loss of a system's quantum properties."
ek tools Nesting Punch Kit
Money Folds, US Currency
Hand-made bio-paper, created by the artist
Under the Sea
Rhombic Flagstone, Elephant Hide Paper
A Layman's Guide to the High-Tech Tents That Keep Secrets Secret
--- crypto experiment corner ---
a potential realm of non-computer crypto could be realized in an arts
& crafts context and or writing and typography and signage. recently
saw a new style of LED sign for restaurants while random searching for
a standard LED scrolling display, seeing what is available today. and
a "LED lighted writing board" appeared, perhaps they are all over the
place and i've yet to encounter the ubiquity yet, though it has
potential for transformable writing via LED light.
the Amazon links here are to show a basic kit:
28"x20" Flashing Illuminated Erasable Neon
LED Writing Board Menu Sign with Control Button
note: the different color markers are related to the colors of the LED
light, and via this property, some colored text could fade out while
other text remains, due to the color of the projected light. in other
words, an invisible ink or reverse-invisible ink effect could exist,
especially if typography were to have superposition of letters or
symbols that could retain coherence in partial states, or transform
their meaning given what colors are activated. (notice on this
example, the remote control is similar to the LED lightbulbs that
change colors, thus the concept need not be limited to the writing
Image Flashing Illuminated LED Lighted Writing Board
7 Color Lights 28 Modes up to 28 Feet Remote Control Restaurant
so it would be an issue of what fluorescent marker colors are
available and what light colors are available, as to what the range or
number of phase changes could occur via this method. certainly
lighting engineers (forget their actual title) have used such effects
for animation and movement, though it could also be used for hiding
and revealed patterns, etc.
and this following url has examples of signage  with this
changing-color effect that influences the appearance of what is
written. (see right column animated signs)
LED Writing Boards With Various Lighting Effects
now perhaps UV and IR wavelengths and blacklight would be needed
though if distance is taken into account, scale of glyphs or type,
the existing color range could also potentially have enough difference
to make some signs more predominant than others, this within a context
of intra-sign and infra-sign structuring. like having:  \/\  appear in
a given color, and then \ \ when the color changes to a particular
phase, if not also /\ and / using other hues.
True Facts About The Angler Fish
truncated polyhedra, vertex, cosine

@_date: 2013-11-09 22:03:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: patterns, processes, procedures (urls) 
Typography Book Explores What It Feels Like To Have Dyslexia
What happens when you swap the colors of famous logos?
Hacker behind 'Loverspy' Trojan added to FBI's most wanted cybercriminal list
      "Back in 2005, a hacker named Carlos Enrique Perez-Melara
released a piece of malware called "Loverspy" into the world. The $89
software purported to be a way to catch a cheating lover  it sent the
suspected cheater an electronic greeting card that, when opened, would
install a particularly malicious Trojan that could capture keystrokes,
email addresses, instant messages, and even record video from a
webcam. Once it was installed, the infected computer was essentially
at the attacker's mercy."
(...thought for certain it involved a paper-based 'electronic' card,
which set my imagination going as far as potential platforms
for delivery of sound-based triggering of computer events...
thus: regarding the issue of covert, audio-based data transmission
the idea of a silent dog whistle greeting card, modified to send
data in inaudible frequencies was imagined, likewise: most any
triggered, playback device: x-mas ornaments, singing fish, etc.
potentially influencing nearby computers, hotspots, phones...
(note also: PIR-motion detecting or light sensors for activation
of larger artifacts, e.g. garden gnome, lawn ball, flood lights)
ex. Musical Greeting Cards, Talking Personalized Envelopes
ex. Invite By Voice greeting card sound modules
ex. Talking Products - Record-a-Card 10 seconds
(note: tone pattern as key, unlocking hidden parameters)
Critics denounce RoboRoach device, which uses a smartphone app the
control cockroaches
overlapping structural patterns
Over $1 million stolen from Bitcoin digital wallet service, claims site owner
       " It's far safer to keep Bitcoins in "cold storage" by keeping
your wallet key offline, possibly even in a safe deposit box. The key
used for withdrawals is different than the public one needed for
deposits, making cold storage appealing for keeping a reserve of
Bitcoin safe from hackers. "
question: what if 'the banking system' itself were a model for
cryptography in terms of how keys and transactions occur, instead of
layer within banking transactions. in other words, what if 'securing
data' actually involved taking it offline, removing it into physical
media (such as pressed CDs in secure storage, out of circulation) or
other approaches.  my naive sense is that anything more complicated
than can be worked out with paper, envelopes, and social transactions
may not be secure by design of incomprehensibility, and who better
than banks for these kinds of advanced transactions of exchanging
valued information en masse.
Franks, Tabasco, Sriracha

@_date: 2013-11-08 05:30:12
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: (re: that old-time crypto.religion) trois 
s u b j
     e c t               (many unshared observational frameworks)
      i v
     i s m                pT = minimal truth + errors & falsity
                                          toward 0 [evil]
     A=B                                  death, hate
                                          shared lies
   ungrounded                             division
   (belief)              RELATIVISTIC     rationalization
                  +--->  partial-TRUTH    skew, warping, distortion
                       infallible observers
                       immorality, crime
  E        |           superficial, weak
  FAITH-based     |  T        |
  protection.. ---|  H        |            i n s e c u r i t y
  I        |
  C        |              s e c u r i t y
  S        v
                       toward 1 [good]
   grounded       |                       life, true love
   (belief)       +--->   EMPIRICAL       shared truth
                            TRUTH         unified POV
     A=A                                  logical reasoning
                                          paradox, clarity
                                          error-correction
                                          morality, law
    o b j                                 profound, strong
     e c
    t i v
     i t                  T = maximal truth - errors & falsity
      y
                         (one universal observational framework)
 ^note: A=B --> B=B, where B is hidden, secret pseudo-empirical truth
 whereby A=A --> A=(B=B), where B is established within pT not T
 yet assumes absolute viewpoint, belief & 'faith' in false-perspective
 (testing 1 2 3, testing testing...)

@_date: 2013-11-07 21:04:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: (re: that old-time crypto.religion) deux 
(another layer of interpretation)...
                         (A=B)
                                   manipulation
                         pseudo    ------------
                   +---> TRUTH     illusion
               ------------
               subversion
   E   |
  FAITH-based      |   T   |
  protection... ---+   H   |
   I   |
   C   v
   S           verification
               --------------
                   +---> TRUTH     accountability
                                   --------------
                                   legal & moral
                         (A=A)     foundation
diagram can be imported to edit

@_date: 2013-11-07 20:34:18
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: (re: that old-time crypto.religion) 
manipulation
                                   ------------
                   +---> BELIEF    illusion
               ------------
               subversion
   E   |
  FAITH-based      |   T   |
  protection... ---+   H   |
   I   |
   C   v
   S           verification
               --------------
                   +---> TRUTH     accountability
                                   --------------
                                   legal & moral
                                   foundation

@_date: 2013-11-06 15:45:51
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: code & diagrams (urls) 
w      h      i      t      e      s      p      a      c      e
Codebases: Millions of lines of code (via digg.com)
Cipher Mysteries   (via zero)
The latest news, views, research and reviews on uncracked historical ciphers
Language of Flowers
"The language of flowers, sometimes called floriography, is a means of
cryptological communication through the use or arrangement of flowers.
Meaning has been attributed to flowers for thousands of years, and
some form of floriography has been practiced in traditional cultures
throughout Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Plants and flowers are
used as symbols in the Hebrew Bibleparticularly of love and lovers in
the Song of Songs,[1] as an emblem for the Israelite people[2] and for
the coming Messiah[3]and of Jesus Christ in the New Testament.[4] In
Western Culture, William Shakespeare ascribed emblematic meanings to
flowers, especially in Hamlet, Prince of Denmark."
Little bublcam places life in spherical perspective
ASCII Flow Diagram Tool website
Codebases: Millions of lines of code (via digg.com)
 Cipher Mysteries   (via zero)
The latest news, views, research and reviews on uncracked historical ciphers
Language of Flowers
"The language of flowers, sometimes called floriography, is a means of
cryptological communication through the use or arrangement of flowers.
Meaning has been attributed to flowers for thousands of years, and
some form of floriography has been practiced in traditional cultures
throughout Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Plants and flowers are
used as symbols in the Hebrew Bibleparticularly of love and lovers in
the Song of Songs,[1] as an emblem for the Israelite people[2] and for
the coming Messiah[3]and of Jesus Christ in the New Testament.[4] In
Western Culture, William Shakespeare ascribed emblematic meanings to
flowers, especially in Hamlet, Prince of Denmark."
Little bublcam places life in spherical perspective
ASCII Flow Diagram Tool website
  

@_date: 2013-11-01 20:17:28
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Meet ?badBIOS, ? the mysterious Mac and PC malware that jumps airgaps 
dune worms as the moving invisible whorls of interdimensional flows
 of truth grounded and entangled within other remote hidden contexts
 while paired, various patterns bridged via resonant connectione
 from what i have heard, though may not understand correctly,
 is that this resonant vibration is not based on surrounding objects
 as a medium (though perhaps air or space) yet that, it is the object
 or material itself which has unique vibrational properties, such that
 any object has its specific, particular tuning (note: A=A logic here)
 and thus a floating balloon attached to a string could feasibly be
 made to resonate if the latex properties were vibrated, yet this
 would not need to occur through the ground or string to happen
 another way of considering the security issue of resonance,
 perhaps beyond audible sound or in concert with EM issues,
 is the sound-isolation chambers for testing electronics in...
 Anechoic chamber
  so imagine the chamber is essentially establishes an inside/
 outside barrier, mainly acoustic, thus creates a wall between
 noise beyond its controlled perimeter and the acoustics inside.
 if you hang an ingot of silicon from a wire in the middle of the
 chamber, it would seemingly have resonant properties that
 if correctly tuned, could cause the silicon to begin vibrating
 so inside the chamber you could have a device that is tuned
 to the ingot of silicon and vibrate it, and who knows, maybe
 it would start to hum or something, or vibrate on the wire
 though this vibration would not necessarily begin on the
 ground or wall or move through the string, it would seem to
 (if understanding correctly) correspond directly to the ingot
 itself and its specific material qualities, its unique 'tuning'
 [note: music tuning corresponds directly with logic itself]
 so imagine that a SCIF is like a anechoic chamber to some
 extent, and that an acoustic barrier existed between what is
 on the inside and what is on the outside of the chamber.
 my presumption or gut instinct is that the acoustic barrier
 would not inherently be able to block all vibration that is
 matched or paired across the universe as a data structure
 (A=A) or block that boundary condition by ordinary means,
 because or perhaps due to its being *informational* or that
 it may not ride upon the material/energy in ways conceived
 maybe this instinct is entirely wrong, though i would wager
 it would be possible to vibrate the ingot from a distance,
 even if inside the anechoic chamber- if not via acoustics
 then perhaps through an opening or seam that allows that
 data to ride in on as if a carrier, though perhaps this is
 entirely wrong and not the correct model of space-time,
 and that it cannot be compartmentalized in this way at all,
 such that like paired photons, you could block the passage
 between them yet they are still connected, and this seems
 to be the same property with resonance, that they will be
 capable of resonating even when disconnected, to include
 all things 'like', if not mistaken (comparable to a substratum
 of reality itself in its informational dimensions, seemingly)
 in other words i would wager (no money, currency of truth)
 that it is more likely the ingot inside the chamber could be
 vibrated via a remote influence, even though in a bounded,
 protected, acoustically limited or 'safe' condition, and that
 how this occurs could be outside the normal physics of
 sound as energy, guessing, outside relativistic modeling,
 basing this on ideas of a friend researching the ideas [0]
 (though not in the existing context of crypto and security)
 so, the idea that a machine or some device could vibrate
 the ingot from the external side of the 'wall' or barrier, is
 to me highly likely or probable, by default of properties
 of materials in their molecular construction. security it
 seems is not yet engineering its defenses at that level
 while of course speculation, what it presumes is that
 even with an EM and acoustically shielded chamber
 or SCIF, that a device inside could still be resonating
 to an external matched or paired (tuned) influence and
 that the existing material/physical or energetic barriers
 may not be able to stop the informational dimension or
 quantum entanglement, else other correspondences
 even while visibly accounting for known threats within
 a given security model - thus 'out of bounds' or issues
 of parameters and boundaries, how they are accounted
 for or gaps exist between what exists (B) and what is
 believed to exist (A) as this leads to exploits (A=B),
 likewise: between what exists (T) and what is believed
 to exist (pT), as this leads to exploits (pT=T), &c.
 in other words, beyond electromagnetism, beyond
 ordinary audible acoustic frequencies, on another layer
 that could be parallel to these, hidden dimensionality
 that could have its own circuitry, networks, awareness
 in some way i think when microchips are x-rayed for
 inspection or electron microscopy is involved, it would
 not be surprising if part of this is looking for more than
 electronic hidden structures, and instead could involve
 resonating cavities that connect into circuitry, such
 that it could trigger unknown function via vibrational
 influence, function as a switch or whatever. that the
 physics exist to make this possible makes it highly
 probable it is employed in some way, especially if
 out of bounds for existing technology while at the
 same time it has magical subversive properties
 the point here not to wildly speculate, this is sober.
 to be expected considerations given existing physics
 and known issues and opaque technologies that are
 exploited against users, as if leveraging exactly these
 unknowns to crypto.weaponize consumer electronics
 and computing infrastructure for covert political takeover
 then again, i had some spicy food last night.
 [0] these ideas of resonance and tuning systems were
 introduced to me by my friend, composer Helen Hall,
 through her research into music and existing work on
 an independent film about Nikola Tesla and the aether...
  interview with helen hall (2007)

@_date: 2013-11-01 19:14:53
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?B?Y3lwaGVybGlua3Mg77yI57ay5Z2A77yJ?= 
Meet The Guy Who Drove Across The U.S. In A Record 28 Hours 50 Minutes
"After Alex Roy set the transcontinental driving record, he waited a
year to come forward  until the statute of limitations expired on
every single illegal act he committed. Ed and Dave waited less than
three weeks."
(a great story involving strategic preparation, musical flow...
risky, daring, record-breaking in mass surveillance context)
DON'T BREW THAT CUPPA! Your kettle could be a SPAMBOT  (via drudge)
Russian report says Chinese appliances hide Wifi slurping spam-spreaders
28 solar flares in the last seven days -- video  (via drudge)
'A sunspot is an area of the sun where the magnetic fields have gotten
all twisted up. "You get a tangled bunch of magnetic fields, and they
get too tangled and too stressed, they end up erupting," said Holly
Gilbert, a solar physicist at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center.'
photographs and videos via solar telescope
(also, consider Van Gogh's sunflowers in this context)
This is how you blow up a planet, according to Neil deGrasse Tyson
Left Or Right Tail Wags Elicit Different Emotional Responses From Dogs
 (via digg)
'"Where this paper is a step forward is to show that those [brain
hemisphere] side biases are actually read or interpreted by another
member of the species," she said. "We have very little if any other
evidence of that."'
Designing an acoustic diode  // metamaterial
"How the Acoustic Diode Would Work:  Sound waves easily flow in two
directions. Yet in nature, total reflection of sound in one direction
is known to occur at the air-water interface. This gave investigators
the idea that an acoustical diode could be constructed by transmitting
acoustic waves using an asymmetric prism to create total
unidirectional reflection."
  

@_date: 2013-11-01 04:41:03
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Meet_=E2=80=9CbadBIOS=2C=E2=80=9D_the_mysterious_Mac_and_PC_ma?= =?UTF-8?Q?lware_tha 
i must have recursion disease...
basically, the potential for:  HUMAN TEMPEST
reading signals off the nervous system to potentially correlate
this with EMF emissions of equipment, diagnostically. however
unlikely, under certain conditions could data be gleaned this way,
say if a modulated tone imprinted itself onto a brainwave or body
field and could provide information about environment interactions
then to imagine a robot or android able to siphon data this way,
if listening to CPU or other equipment, frequencies, modulations
(if recording or through mimicry) or whatever. the possibility of it.
though if observed by another there would be no perceived threat,
other than what is input and output via the monitored channels
okay, certifiably nuts. though in a realm of possibility or within
particular parameters could it exist as a threat or exploit, etc.
akin perhaps to reading lines-of-force for navigation by birds,
what if 'sensing' of computing equipment could glean data as
if a TSCM review of data structure, yet not visibly indicate this,
and for the purpose of attacks or espionage not its defense
too blade-runneresque, yet with biometrics and the rest, at
what point does a security threat model peak or go beyond
what is discussed to address the sci-fi potentials involved,
and answering this with, whatever it is: it remains classified

@_date: 2013-11-01 04:27:14
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Meet_=E2=80=9CbadBIOS=2C=E2=80=9D_the_mysterious_Mac_and_PC_ma?= =?UTF-8?Q?lware_tha 
actually need to add, regarding possibilities of entanglement
how a device could be entangled prior to secure situation,
though also, how workers could be entangled in functionality
beyond SCIF and potentially go back outside with data that
is entangled or can be read from modified patterning, this
perhaps an entropy/RNG issue of determining hidden
structure or weakening it, via repeated interactions. it is
the 'cat in the box' situation, to model Schroedinger can
occur only when the cat is in the box, to query 'health'
(secure/insecure) though if cat is entangled before placed
in box, entangled external relations can be diagnostic and
used to determine its state remotely (akin to informational
resonance as entanglement is my naive understanding).
therefore, what of computing equipment entangled this
way, secretly, or even people knowingly or unknowingly
such that it is or is not accounted for in threat modeling.
my guess is that in the ordinary day-to-day the quantum
dimensions are wide-open for exploitation, exfiltration, etc
including in basic activites, people operating equipment,
where code and patterns exist/extend beyond machinery
(whose to say a computer and persons EM waves are
not by default entangled and carrying some information
about pairing, protocols, influence, readable as structure;
that is: neurology or physiology related to security audits,
as with quantum physicists to evaluate such parameters)

@_date: 2013-11-01 04:07:25
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Meet_=E2=80=9CbadBIOS=2C=E2=80=9D_the_mysterious_Mac_and_PC_ma?= =?UTF-8?Q?lware_tha 
thanks for sharing your insight, coderman.
i have an additional comment on a single point...
perhaps i misunderstand it, though must 'resonance'
be audibly acoustic, and would a SCIF actually defend
against "vibrations" at all frequencies.
what is referenced is the pairing of vibration in resonance,
fundamental to quantum physics if not mistaken, whereby
two identical entities can vibrate in unison, at a distance,
to include at opposite ends of the universe, seemingly
so if this were involved, not necessarily sending human
audible soundwaves, though that sympathetic vibration
(as one string vibrating influences another, say) or other
(wireless power of Tesla, though i do not know enough
to make the case) could potentially function beyond a
SCIF barrier or wall. for instance, if having a tuning fork
on the inside and a tone naturally generated else also
electromagnetically sustained on outside of the SCIF,
such that a vibration or specifically paired resonating
condition would under normal circumstances exist,
vibrations causing other vibrations -- though while
inaudible or outside normal hearing ranges, is it by
default true that a SCIF kills off that paired vibration,
else would not quantum effects cease to exist in the
materials (atoms, molecules, particles) inside of the
SCIF and have the power to detach them structurally
from space-time even. i tend to think the tuning fork
would vibrate inside the SCIF moreso than not, if it
is explored beyond ordinary channels. just a guess.
perhaps though because i do not actually have any
actual knowledge of these things, nor the science
in its depth or breadth, that this is readily taken
care of and accounted for in a security context.
either way it would not be surprising to me, that
such conceptual gaps may exist in auditing or
they may be undocumented yet accounted for.

@_date: 2013-11-01 03:31:20
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Meet_=E2=80=9CbadBIOS=2C=E2=80=9D_the_mysterious_Mac_and_PC_ma?= =?UTF-8?Q?lware_tha 
ok- myself the fool must speak again...
imagine you have a secure facility, locked down, faraday caged, etc,
and a freaking marching band starts playing outside the walls...
what if this sound passed through the electromagnetic barrier that
captures EM signals, and activates or accesses hidden hardware,
computers within a computer, say a quantum network wakes up and starts
to parse data in an unobservable way. that is, enough computing power
to analyze and attain targeted data. and that in turn this data is
relayed outwards via vibrations - resonating sequences, that
exfiltrate data across enough sound bandwidth to dump everything in a
short period of time.
perhaps not Captain Crunch in an audio port, yet what of hidden audio
channels or dual-use components that can function as a microphone or
exist unseen, unobservable within the given software/hardware
perspective of what can be and is monitored.
whose to say or how to know that a particular MP3 playing nearby a
computer is not capable of infecting it via a stream of hidden encoded
data that could activate a switch or arm a hostile process. what if
the security system monitoring things is somehow able to communicate
across airgaps, or -- fuckit: ZOMBIES unconsciously programmed to make
errors or mistakes that lead to security exploits, say bringing in the
mp3 into proximity to the otherwise secure computer, something
believed innocuous potentially, yet such an action cascading into an
exploit beyond USB payloads.
what components besides a speaker can also function as microphones
(listening for signals), LEDs, perhaps FET or other devices as a
signal surge or particular sequence could (if not like buffer
overflow) function beyond known parameters. what if a resonating
cavity exists inside the CPU like ethernet wake-on-LAN and knowing
that whistle wakes up an alternative network and hidden functioning.
that piccolo player outside the window could be a hacker yet outside
the threat model.
hypothetical and conspiracy, though what about non-electromagnetic
dynamics also...

@_date: 2013-11-13 02:40:50
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: re: passwords! (p2) 
for instance, registration process to access a website
could involve something akin to the following...
input a word:  [mordify]
input a image: (choose 1 of 20 icons) -> [sunflowers]
input a place:  [fort lauderdale]
input a number: [3.124]
the website could then create the password from this data,
such as translating a word between languages, into another
character set, then xor'ing various fields together (if grokking
the concept), such that when blended, the string would be
multicharacterset, perhaps unseen by the user, and then
only interfaced via these keywords that could be written
down as parameters and not be readily utilized via UI for
password management, using the encrypted string itself.
in other words; the password would not be:
    [mordify][sunflower-icon][fort%20lauderdale][3.124]
it would be a computation based on those variables, such
that, in an impressionist rendering as example:
    [mord][3][unz][.][for][-]...[fy][4][iconID][whatever]
though further, if 'translated' across unicode character sets
and alphabets, then perhaps:
    [][3][][.][for][-]...[][4][iconID][cib]
and then even this could be further mixed if necessary or
helpful in terms of decohering patterns and making the
computational stretch the maximum effort per unit of
password character space, vs. restricting it to minimum
as seems the standard, weakened by the default "rules"
               

@_date: 2013-11-13 21:35:53
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: expanded security model (was passwords! (p2) deux) 
i need to clarify a point that opens up the interpretation of entropy into
a realm of information involving people and technology and nature, because
in the modeling i am referencing all information must ground to truth in
order to be verified or validated as true, and that nature and technology
and people who exist 'in truth' are in this way grounded within it, whereas
those who are short-circuiting are partly or partially grounded, as this
relates to patterns, exchange, and exploits.
the realm of concepts, communication, and ideas also are involved as if a
mental-dimension for the physicality of information, and to not include
this in a security model seems falsely limiting if not allowing or relying
upon a state of distortion, to begin with.
thus the overall goal here is to account for truth as a basis for entropy
in a security context or empirical evaluation...
     [machine N]  patterns   <===>   patterns  [machine 2]
previously the above relation was established between two machines that
interact and 'exchange' information, in some dimension, knowingly or
unknowingly (as if consciously and subconsciously even).
     (machine N)  ===>  (machine 2 (machine N))
and if one of these machines *investigates or interrogates* the other, and
somehow gains access, it could be thought that in the successful matching
of patterns that what it has achieved _validates its model of relation, by
default, even if only in a partially grounded framework. thus to
distinguish the _belief of how this structural relation is occurring, with
its actuality, the actual condition of this relation in terms of its truth.
in other words the relation between 'machine 2' and 'machine N' that is
achieved as a relation, via the matching of patterns, could be believed to
validate the truth of the worldview of machine N, though the pattern match
could instead be pT=pT, due to inaccurate modeling or framework. and thus a
false perspective could be the relation, yet validate a perception of
things, as if accurate, while not grounded in the larger reality.
likewise, what can occur is a two-way relation whereby this inaccuracy is
accounted for by the entity interacted with, perceived 'known' via such
faulty pattern matching, and thus provide or leak information from itself
that is in a context of truth, though the tells as if subconscious or
unconscious, resulting from a TSCM-like scanning of relational frameworks,
that is if 'machine 2' is functioning within grounded truth.
     (machine N (machine 2))  <===  ((machine N) machine 2')
in this way the real exploit is not occurring through granting or gaining
access to validate further _inaccurate pattern matching by 'machine N', it
is that this entity is leaking unknown information as part of this
balancing process, about its hidden state that is insecure due to its not
being based in truth, and thus distortion, bias, warping, and skew reveal
frameworks and structuring, allowing perspectives to be traced back to
originating beliefs and equations within the pseudo-, where a running
cosmological constant occurs to make everything onesidedly correct. and in
this way, the relation on the left side is in a context of truth, via the
errors betraying 'machine N' via its reliance on pseudo-truth and falsity,
and the condition on the right side is a false perspective of a relation
that establishes and verifies inaccurate pattern matches, false positives,
due to a protected limited onesided evaluation *confirming* true belief
which is itself not grounded beyond its partialty.
     (machine N (machine 2))  <===>  ((machine N) machine 2')
      [truth <-----> truth]              [pT <-----> pT]
in this way, the advantage is with 'machine 2' (that may actually have more
patterns or n-dimensionality) yet this imbalance may not be revealed or
accounted for, and thus the balancing could appear onesided, as if from
oneside data is being extracted while the other remains protected and
static behind a given boundary, versus betraying its secrets
unintentionally, via this structural, informatic relation (matter/energy)
in other words (more complexity..) there could be more going on than
believed, in this basic relation, and /appearances/ may not accurately
match the reality, and yet this can also be accounted for, in truth, or
become a threshold condition enabling camouflage... in this way the roles
may be reversed yet not accounted for by the naive, ungrounded, mistaken,
or inaccurate 'true believer' observers...
such that machine 2 could actually in its truth be 'N' and likewise,
'machine N' in its unchecked falsity could be binary...
     (machine 2 (machine N))  <===>  ((machine 2) machine N')
      [truth <-----> truth]              [pT <-----> pT]
in this way, the 'real machine N' could be granted access to unrestricted
pattern matching in a subconscious or unaccounted for realm of the '
'real machine 2', though this condition could begin by the 'real machine 2'
trying to continuously exploit 'the realm Machine N' and in this way, the
false perspective of the latter (N->2'), allowing the *belief* that the
binary view is actually N-potential in its accuracy and scope even while
this is ungrounded beyond its own skewed, relativist accounting. thus
patterns are verified in pseudo-truth, and in allowing this relation, also
enables the inaccuracies to leak about its actual state to align with the
greater patterning of the 'real machine N', via automatic grounding or
snap-to-fit correlations that occur in their accuracy, vetted and
error-corrected, though in parameters unshared by the differing worldviews
keeping it abstract, this is the same scenario for 'smartness' versus
     (smartness N (intel 2))  <===>  ((smartness N) intel 2')
      [truth <-----> truth]              [pT <-----> pT]
when instead the situation in terms of equilibrium, entropy, and exploit
tends toward...
     (smartness 2 (intel N))  <===>  ((smartness 2) intel N')
      [truth <-----> truth]              [pT <-----> pT]
and as mentioned many times before, any given concept has its validity
established within truth, whether the concept of [entropy] or [information]
or smartness, intelligence, or whatever. and so just taking it at face
(sign) value, does not make that interpretation true simply because it is
*believed* to be true. and yet that rigor can be missing in the evaluation
process, often a kind of self-corruption accompanying the ungrounded
observation and especially true believers who operate within a protected
boundary, 'managing' outside influences, and yet in this very interaction,
per entropy, they reveal their own state beyond their own accounting for it
and control over it, via energy and other relations.
     [pseudo-truth 2]  patterns   <===>   patterns  [truth N]
getting to the essence of the structural situation, of relativism versus
the empirical accounting for truth, shared and unshared, grounded and
ungrounded, and involving both accurate and inaccurate pattern matching and
if it is corrected or relied upon in its error, the above model in an
context of entropic two-way exchange... (a balancing of the forces if you
though through a false perspective, this basic relation could be reversed
via tromp-l'oiel effects, such that a masked condition exists and the
structural relation is asymmetrical and of masquerade...
     [pseudo-truth N]  patterns   <===>   patterns  [truth 2']
     (pseudo-truth N)  ===>  ((pseudo-truth N) truth 2')
though in this structural imbalance, via the ungrounded condition, it is an
unintentional two-way interaction that through this opening allows
unintended access to the protected perimeter via this basic exchange...
     (pseudo-truth N (truth 2))  <===  ((pT N) truth 2')
...in other words, the *appearance* may exist one of a one-way hierarchical
exchange where information is being extracted from oneside via an attack or
interrogation or biased relation... where pseudo-truth "knows" the state of
'machine 2' from its island viewpoint of relativistic truth...
     (pseudo-truth N) ===>  ((pT N) truth 2')
                          [truth <-----> truth]
...and yet this viewpoint or belief can be _ungrounded, the perception of
truth illusory, inaccurate, even while achieving a pattern match verifying
and validating its inaccurate, corrupted model of truth. in addition, via
transference, the reverse occurs, whereby the observer is theirself
effected by the observation and thus 'observed' in the entropic exchange,
via structural information that aligns with or is at odds with the given
modeling and its parameters of existence, that leak data that compares or
contrasts with unknowns and vetted truth and thus can establish and
correlate with this truth even while restricted or protected externally,
believed inaccessible (even invisible people in other dimensionality betray
themselves this way, via allegiance with or hostility to higher truth)
     (pseudo-truth N) ===>  ((pT N) truth 2')
          "true!"            [pT <-----> pT]
so what is proposed to occur is that in this biased situation, ungrounded
belief can be confirmed and match a pattern (A=A -> B=B) whereby it can
verify or validate limitless notions (pseudo-N equivalent) yet that is not
accurate or actually true, yet uncorrected and due to protected boundary,
allowed to be 'real' within given constraints- for lack of feedback that
would challenge the belief system, else to censor or have deception going
on that promotes this relation as a false perspective, the setup necessary
for the subsequent takedown.
     (pseudo-truth N (truth 2))  <===>  ((pT N) truth 2')
                                      [truth <-----> truth]
the idea then was that this goes both ways, and the appearance of 'machine
2' within the domain of 'machine 1' may go unrecognized in its hidden and
unaccounted for dimensionality that is active within a realm of entropy and
information exchange as it ties into energy and matter in terms of
patterning and perhaps provides a basis for imagining its intuitive or felt
quality, as knowing is accurately grounded and becomes compass and
navigational aid, versus ungrounded knowing that leads to being lost and
having inaccurate maps and wrong directions and sensibility, at odds with
actual nature...
     (pseudo-truth N (truth 2))  <===>  ((pT N) truth 2')
the point of seeking to account for this condition of masquerade in terms
of its shared and unshared patterning and in terms of its groundedness in
relation to empirical truth, is that the situation could *appear* from a
given perspective, and within restricted parameters, to validate a given
viewpoint while actually existing or operating beyond it, in other
parameters and boundaries that remain a protected threshold, that cannot be
observed or that goes unrecognized more finite observers, thereby the limit
of sensibility, or computability, of patterning, as it relates to what is
and what cannot be matched, via its identification, recognition in real
terms versus terms of belief that can be in error, inaccurate, unreal, or
self-serving to a given bias, predetermined viewpoint, or values that
restrict, seek to control, and-or rationalize existence in a too-small
framework (in this way, the belief in 'N-awareness' can actually be that of
a restricted binary finiteness, where expansion of view and its
limitlessness could result from warping, skew, distortion serving falsity
than in truth that is expansive... in this way, the boundary folds upon
itself, encompasses itself as ideology, creating a false dome and
constellations, given enough time)
     (pseudo-truth N (truth 2))  <===>  ((pT N) truth 2')
         [truth <---> truth]              [pT <---> pT]
the unintended consequence would be that 'machine 1' betrays and grants
access to its inner state via this exchange and interaction, yet
unknowingly. and thereby its unaccounted for truth is accessible to another
who exists and observes truth, while it may be denied within operational
beliefs, (left) thus the leaking of information that balances the
interaction, the seeming benefit of onesidedness (right) actually has a
hidden cost, a revealing involves via equilibrium and entropy, balancing
the exchange. yet the evaluation of data, its parsing and verification, may
also not be accurate across this span, and thus 'pseudo-intelligence' could
glean factoids that validate ideological beliefs, via relations in
masquerade between pT and T, as pT assumes the role of TRUTH and truth
related to and perceived as if the 'known' mimic, when in actuality the
situation is reversed.
     (pseudo-truth 2 (truth N))  <===>  ((pT 2) truth N)
         [truth <---> truth]              [pT <---> pT]
this modeling remains abstract, a story about these dynamics, like a cave
diagram seeking to convey the communicative or other aspects of information
exchange as symmetry and asymmetry are involved, and how this relates to
pattern matching, and resources based in comprehensive pattern evaluations
and how this differs between grounded and ungrounded observations and
relations by default.
     (pseudo-truth 2 (truth N))  <===>  ((pT 2) truth N)
           [pT <---> T]                  [pT <---> T]
...these are the more accurate dynamics, though even moreso:
     (pseudo-truth 2 (truth N))  <===>  ((pT 2) truth N)
           [pT.2 <---> t.N)             [pT.2 <---> t.N)
though the appearance may indicate otherwise, from a biased perspective.
E1335, 42, 812

@_date: 2013-11-30 03:46:42
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Interesting take on Sanjuro's Assassination Market 
also gotta say:
i think the surveillance system has created the unique conditions
necessary for a grand-inquisitor like interrogation of each and every
view and belief, from any and every angle, eventually.
beyond just panoptics of a prisoner, if this technical omniscient
observation provides a form of accounting, assessing and checking the
truth of a given statement against known truth versus known falsity,
perhaps a potential liminal condition (if purgatory) for willful
error-correction or else, then it may create the perhaps unbelievable
scenario whereby people can no longer get away within lying.
that is, making the world impossible for liars to exist within, in
their beliefs and actions, within most biological (versus programmed)
behaviors that may involve tells or indications of falsity &
think of how that could benefit humanity, if liars could not be
allowed to continue lying via loopholes and must account for the
situation in terms of actual truth as combined from all viewpoints
total. that this is the place of citizenry, not held outside of it,
denied this condition of shared truth in which to exist.
every last idiot view and false beliefs could be taken down in their
hierarchical 'superior' positions, held to account and checked against
larger truth than just whatever is narrowed as finite justification.
in that truth would have to be accounted for, in the equations and
people capable of dealing with it, not denying it and gaming the
system for self-benefit via corruption and continual rigging of the
game which is not a game for those dying and suffering in misery due
to such malice and mendacity.
how many times has the wall that is encountered, the barrier, involve
the power of ignorance and use of denial of truth to enforce limits,
to devolve relations and interactions. what if surveillance has a
positive attribute in terms of accountability beyond just witness,
also as analyst. someone tends to move through the world via lies and
exploitation of others around them, and fights against those who seek
accountability and use of reason to mediate issues, who then become
enemies, and actions taken against these people accounted for
systematically, judiciously, yet never accounted for in a context of
greater truth of situations. peoples lives destroyed so others may
rise, truth lost in the process. what if all of it was captured via
surveillance. what if a person was held to account for their
observance and service to truth, versus exploitation of this, say to
gain power, prestige, money, by subverting truth.
it seems like every last word and utterance, phone, articles, emails,
chats, would allow such analysis especially of known false views and
beliefs and ideologies. maybe just the daydreams of executioners.
though it would be interesting if there is a running naughty and nice
list that grounds differently than 'the many' perceive it will, once
the bubble pops and the scenario is reversed, the nightmare begins...
(meaning, if the state is full of traitors, hostile to and subverting
constitutional governance, that would be an issue necessary to deal
with world-over, to allow for a correction, to get humanity back on

@_date: 2013-11-30 02:58:21
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Interesting take on Sanjuro's Assassination Market 
yeah. the problem with calculation as reasoning is if the equations
are not accurate or correct the 'answers' obtained via processing can
be too easy or simple for the actual situation involved.
this is the problem of language itself, seemingly, absence of
connection with logic, accountability for actual versus perceived
truth, shared and unshared observations, competing relativism in the
literal, whereby local calculation-like determinist viewpoints compete
without all variables taken into account to get "answers".
societal-wide, civilizational pandemic.
for instance, assuming *taxes* are a yearly issue taken out of payroll
only, and not a national debt burden (is this $500,000 per citizen,
when will everyone be a millionaire in reverse, via debt owed?)
the economy is not sane in terms of "economics" and yet taxes are
viewed locally as if a pure action that indebted to the absolute
fucked-up-ness of things, then used against individuals who pay less
or whatever, to justify a certain viewpoint when its not this simple,
yet entire groups view it this way as an ideology which is
self-beneficial to share values or functioning.
instead, it is normal for the tax pious to take vengeance against
others immoral for not carrying their own weight, when the entire
system is leveraging a certain class against others, forcing lives
into ruin, to sustain the given economy, then moralizing on top of
this as a conceit, of superior virtue, for those fictionally
supporting others in conditions and circumstances of privilege if not
duplicity and criminality, social darwinism survival-of-the-fittest
the masturbatory fantasia of those fat-brained and ill-conceived,
nannied by television sets, sporting events, and retirement pension
plans, for their better-than-thou thinking, not noticing their boots
on the necks of many below, living off their structural misery, last
of a generation of assholes able to do this unless extending this
fiction into the present, those able to have sustainable living
temporarily within a completely corrupt and bankrupt system and
society, and acting as if this is normal, on the level, and not based
entirely on bullshit and lies.
it is to assume the monetary system and taxes are something pure, as
if the gold standard today is not based in SHIT itself, junk economy
and throwaway culture and planned obsolescence, ripping people off
normalized, and then complaining because people need money for shelter
and food to just keep breathing, versus someone having five television
sets and three cars and two homes or just alot of stuff while others
cannot even get past a state of continual debt and are forced out of
the economy for the good of these bastard others who then look down on
those they are standing on, spitting at, and viewing as a lower form
of life- because money.
really, people actually think the monetary system and tax system is
going to be altered via a change in policy and a new system enacted,
and that is how a new way of taxes will be transitioned. that this
current fiction is going to peacibly be transformed into something
else, everyone holding hands singing kumbaya around a campfire, -or-
will it include the beginning of armageddon, separation of peoples
into those who are friends and enemies, and then within the
friendly-set, making these changes while 9/10th of the population is
liquidated via war, for starters. what if the more realistic
tax-improvement scenario.
what the more accurate scenario, modifying the existing system or
starting over, when taking everything that needs to be taken into
account into account to actually be able to deal with the involved
issues. it seems this very language prevents that modeling from
occurring, it is to be trapped within a realm of words divisible,
perspective unto perspective, never able to integrate all views into a
single correct viewpoint, removed of error, and thus every warp and
skew exchanged as normal and legitimate when it is not a default
condition, absolute correspondence between belief and conveyance and
yet this communication medium makes it appear so as an illusion, as if
saying (signs) is truth itself versus its being referenced from this
condition. and the truth of taxation is far more than a dollar number
or how it is allocated individual to individual, yet this is
commonplace and typical of its politics, as if people can vet out
"justice" via monetary-based ideology as a value and moral system,
'truth itself', objective (A=A) because it is number-based, and yet it
is monopoly money, game money, a fiction at the level of its purpose
and the concept of economy itself. at the very least is incredibly
dirty money, filthy, and thus to rationalize a moral superiority based
upon it as a perspective, which many do as if highest truth, is a
realm of the base for those who believe this, and only this, as their
value system.
it really captures the situation perfectly also in terms of the state
subsidizing itself, basically it is at the point where the state is
taxing itself, which is totally insane. people on welfare are being
blamed for being so poor as to not have enough to pay taxes, and
looked at as cheaters alone. taxing welfare that is not even enough
for subsistence in the existing quasi ~political-economy. such issues
are detached from a larger, more grounded reality that involves
structural issues relied upon for bullshit viewpoints and too-simple
frameworks, using inaccurate ideas as if a cudgel to attack others in
these situations. in this way, ignorance is a way for 'might makes
right' when a large group believes this ideology and then acts against
others, as if a moral police, yet at its core it serves first and
foremost a state of shit.
rationalization and extension of bad ideas and inaccurate thinking,
like the economy itself, allowed to inflate and granted power. it is a
bubble alright. including the fat in peoples heads bubbling over as if
insight when making and repeating idiotic calculations born of
ideology, mantra, dogma of oppressors.
they cannot be reasoned with either. which is perhaps why weapons were
invented. hell, the state itself is being run by these same people
today. all they care about is money, minus the truth it was to
represent as shared value, now devoid within currency, the basis for
the extortative ripoff via currency, the expropriation of work (via
labor transmuted into currency) then siphoned and hoarded via onesided
exchange, where most value flows uphill and is stored or used for
corporate citizens in their corporate democracy (yes, democracy
exists, just for corporate citizens not humans who are basically
slaves). the very use of money is an unequal exchange, it is A=B
exchange, it is not a shared truth that is being transferred, it is an
institutionalized ripoff that has become standardized, normalized, yet
made beyond contestation due to enforced illiteracy, the TAXATION
moralizers the holier-than-thou choir, though fundamentally,
foundationally basing these views in utter and absolute bullshit of
the state.

@_date: 2013-11-30 01:18:49
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Interesting take on Sanjuro's Assassination Market 
forgot to mention: this fractional taxation that could be individually
routed to issues then could be a way of funding basic science or studies or
research outside of existing political frameworks and providing oversight
or for 'increasing support' for agencies such as the GAO in the US, via
what programs are given more prominence within policy (for instance if
issues of EMFs and cancer and telephony were put into policy via directed
tax funding).
also: the income-based structure of whatever this 'routable tax percentage'
may be called, would need to address vast income inequality, such that each
citizen has a certain proportion though some citizens should not have a
million-times more vote if wealthy and taxed. perhaps more of their taxes
would go to the general system fund allocated to basic government
operation, or some other way to keep the vote distributed by unique
individual views versus dominated by those with most all the money,
circulating and non-circulating.
(which brings up the issue of paper currency as ultimate
surveillance/monitoring system, if taking into account traffic analysis of
money from points A to B to C ... to N. while credit and debit is more
transparent about this, it is difficult to imagine a more useful model for
flow of money through a chain than tracking paper currency in exchange and
using this for all it is worth statistically, pre-internet, though
computer-dependent to parse all the data.)

@_date: 2013-12-31 23:06:00
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
i was thinking about 'hidden powerline networking' as a threat
the other day. basically anything that could be plugged into a
socket with hidden one-way networking on chip, that would
be able to siphon network data or use as a sensor or bug &
send this data into a larger circuit, say apartment electrical
wires that could be picked up remotely as frequencies that
are outside ordinary spec, at another onsite location such
that a device simply is plugged into the same site to reveal
or tap into the data. i imagine this is completely TRIVIAL
to accomplish, especially due to no regulatory/enforcement
or consumer protections in a security or commercial context
as it aids surveillance goals, especially in political framework
of secret policing, informers, etc. spying by the populations.
such that anything with a cord potentially could feed such
data, if designed this way. speakers or router or monitor or
printer or clock or lights or blender or microwave, etc. and
that it could seem innocuous, yet have this capacity or this
'surveillance potential' (as in, potential energy vs. applied),
such that grassroots on-site monitoring could be aided and
abetted likewise by such technological compromise, this
in terms of intent and design or perhaps not revealed or
deployed though part of a COT readymade solution that
just requires smd circuitry add-ons to activate functionality
this could be a stupid-model, versus smart expert systems
or total monitoring solutions, the dust mote approach that
leads towards a *density* of surveillance means/measures
what is the square-footage of surveillance in your domain,
etc. how many bugs per cubic meter, what if it was not
one or two and instead, potentially dozens, this beyond
the computer itself, in the realm of what it is possible and
thus a question of where ubiquity may exist when fully
surveilled, to what degree is maximal different in kind
from minimal, such that the garage door opener and
the car and dishwasher and HDTV and phone and the
LED lights and remote-control car are monitoring you,
in addition to computers, cellphone, conversations.
(such as: is your router and neighbors wi-fi being used
as an attack vector, are you being imaged via through-
wall radar via wi-fi, for tracking and monitoring. or being
made ill via out of spec radiation boosting via wi-fi, etc)

@_date: 2013-12-26 03:33:36
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: conceptual theatre (addenda) 
another approach to conveying ideas about surveillance
through theater is via commentary on HDTV split-screen...
   +-------------------+--------------------+
     critique      |     television     |
                   |        show        |
     o   0 o       |                    |
   0 | 0 | |  ==>  |     0       o      |
   | | | |o|  ==>  |    /|\ <--> /\     |
  o|  o|  |   ==>  |     \       ||     |
  | 0 | O |   ==>  |     /\      ||     |
  | | | |          |                    |
   +-------------------+--------------------+
the aspect ratio could use or shrink a 4:3 aspect ratio for a given show or
new content, and then alongside it, to the left have a call center or
fundraising booth approach, in league with MSTK3 [3302032.9200] style
commentary occurring simultaneously with commentary as satire or otherwise,
given original or new content. for instance, an episode for existing or
preexisting television comedy could be thus be recontextualized and
reinterpreted via this approach, where the surveillance society would have
attackers stealing pins via hidden
card readers when an actor uses a cash-machine or purchases something at a
cash register. likewise, make a phone call and the surveillers light up
with commentary about what is going on, adding depth and counterpoint and
absurdity into the illusion of the 'secure' context, presented as if normal
and everyday. in this way, a theater approach could exist via such
conceptual structure and provide a format to explore such ideas via
advanced viewpoints and perspectives otherwise lacking or absent in their
parallelism, as situations coexist in simultaneous, interacting hidden
these dynamics and relations then, thresholds, boundaries, identity and
awareness, as it relates to what is and is not observed, near and far, and
how it is all put together or people remain oblivious to the context of
their own existence via lack of information or legal protection from
events, and shared and-or unshared quasi-'reality' - perhaps a form of
wilderness, a condition of rogue ideology waiting for ideas capable of
evaluating it
[3302032.9200] Mystery Science Theater 3000
hing (hen   ated wid   ional sta

@_date: 2013-12-26 01:51:33
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: conceptual theatre 
in times like these you might expect there would be
music about what is going on, films investigating the
concepts (many quite good actually), other activities,
painters painting (a few) and so on, to establish depth
to conversation and communication instead of enforcing
ideological limits and functioning in limited parameters,
reinforcing traditional feedback loops corruption relies upon
especially plays, literature. perhaps some of the latter in
its detachment or documentary aspects or parallels yet
where is the cultural insight of those most free on earth-
why the silence when searching for 'play on surveillance'
that would have theater delving into realm of importance
and providing critique, frameworks to evaluate ongoing
situations within, instead of- well, seemingly nothing.
- of - the - most - free - people - in - the - entire - world -
with nothing to say or views to share about this situation,
not using their rights or freedoms -- adding up to nothing
fucking disgraceful. shameful, self-indulgent, self serving
hypocrisy. as if bureaucracy must sign off on everything.
no allowable risk. disneyification of the entirety of culture,
endless reruns of previous ideas and interpretations yet
no one with enough insight to frame this given picture?
or is it fear that holds people back, silence is safety
no one willing to take a stab at it, and then another
to regain a space and place lost to complacency and
lack of will, responsibility, greater purpose than money
certainly playwrights of the past would have engaged,
though what about direct engagement, for understanding
to model the situation and evaluate it as only theater
can do, to create other atmospheres that capture these
situations and make what is ineffable due to abstractness
tangible, realized, understood, and relatable through use
of actors and storytelling and stage and props, scenery
my contribution to this, as a structural idea for plays
about surveillance society, free for use as a concept:
that a stage with one person, at other times two people
(or more) could exist as if on a basketball court, whereby
bleachers would exist on either side of the main area
1) this could involve a central stage with two bleacher wings,
splayed out facing an audience as if vanishing perspective
2) else it could be an actual school gymnasium with large
bleachers where a theatric performance takes place
see: concept for stage design and structure for play
here is the idea. people in the bleachers are surveillers,
they may either sit on the sidelines, and then aspects of
the play could move in parallel in these other dimensions
(geospatial, store tracking, license scanning, credit card
history, database mining and advertising, listening to calls
and keyword mapping, metadata, tracking receipts, etc)
in version 1 (above) they would then be functioning the
_background, otherwise invisible to the people in the center
of their daily lives, behind this hidden threshold of rules, laws,
language that forbids understanding of this condition at the
same time it defines the existence and actions of the people
warping or skew of data, the hypocrisy of tracking details by
companies or reselling of data, public-private profit strategies,
extortion, blackmail, political abuse, marketing, web adverts,
social network mapping, any of this commentary introduced
into this position of the actors at center stage as they relate
with others, such as using the phone or a computer, as this
links to people or topics, 'feedback' as various events occur
in version 2 (above) the same dynamics could occur though
with plants in the audience, sitting amongst others in the
bleachers, perhaps people wearing all black suits, dark
glasses, holding strange equipment, and instructions for
those in the bleachers to relay messages (the telephone
game) where a signal is passed along regular routes and
thus input is transformed by output, then passing this data
back into the play, as improvisation. for instance, a "secret"
could be passed into the bleachers by an informant, and
then by a defined route, 10 or 15 people in a given line or
sequence (marked by graphics) could be part of this flow
of data, having to relay what they heard one to the next,
to get the data to the black suited mystery people, and
thus the message they receive is then output as signal
back into the play, to those center stage or others who
are inacting with it, such that 'traveling to sign-ville' then
becomes 'unraveling the dollar bill' when later output, etc
thus, this kind of conceptual format would allow creative
expression and exploration of issues, perhaps it would
be best and most informed by technical consultation
with privacy or security and-or other experts, including
data from those surveilled, such that a larger sense of
what this involves could be sketched for citizens so that
its impact and importance could be gauged in a context
of daily living, to what extent this data gathering and this
tracking and watching is going on, and what principles it
is currently be driven by and how laws do not exist that
can constrain its functioning against citizens day to day,
and that everyday situations involve these dimensions
and issues of privacy, security, and such exploitations
playwrights have the unique skills to convey such
cultural messages and raise consciousness, and do it
in a memorable and intriguing and innovative way. where
is the equivalent of the Snowden of playwrights, perhaps
such a format could be reinterpreted by a dozen or more
playwrights, from varying angels or degrees or settings.
what if the structure is modular, and can add, subtract,
or modify the ideas of other plays using this structure,
and thus open or free source the play for interpretative
exploration and development. it is the information and
the perspective that is important, the truth of what is
going on. theaters are places for living ideas, not the
continual regurgitation of those dead and lifeless as if
highest value or truth. there is missing data of today,
who is willing to approach to present and convey what
it involves, using all the resources available to transmit
important information and ideas, start and sustain the
conversation beyond its existing, stifling boundaries
freedom does not exist if it is not made use of. and
it goes away if seeking permission to do something,
because somewhere along the line it may involve risk.
but isn't it worth trying to do something and seeing what
the real situation is, and then knowing from that, then to
not even try, not even do anything, and supposed to know
by not taking it on, accepting defeat without ever fighting
there have got to be some playwrights willing to take
on these issues. if they exist, hopefully so, it would be
interesting to see what such plays involve in their content
and approaches to conveying and conceptualizing issues
of cyberspace, hacking, surveillance, attacks, and so on
929-2010   780-2888   810-4356
Content-Disposition: attachment; filename="parti.gif"

@_date: 2013-12-25 21:29:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: blackflag operations 
at a certain point in my independent research it was
realized that the US flag itself represented the existing
problem encountered with ideology and rule-following
that automatically functions against core principles,
such that 'the stars' were of false constellations and
'the stripes' were more those of prison bars, to hold
the population captive inside a hierarchical top-down
structure, which i equate with a conceptualization in
Networks of Power, of system, order, and control [1]
as it determines economic, social, political dynamics.
thus the US flag, its symbolism, is part of the problem
in terms of its rigid adherence, especially in a realm of
patriotism and xenophobia, such that it appears to deign
reasonable the US as world empire without questioning
its own failures or correcting for them, only extending it
further outward, which then serves policies the hidden
US dictatorship perfectly, as long as silence is upheld
and no communication is possible about these issues.
(that is, in terms of reasoning of empirical truth as this
would be observed by the law as the basis for power,
versus making the constitution a relativistic document
interpreted via power determining what the signs mean)
in this way, so too the powerplant and grid of development
that underlines present-day civilization, a centralized and
hidden realm of top-down power and control governed by
private interests said to function on behalf of the public,
yet with little evidence of this within ruins of the planet.
in other words: power delivery is related to governance.
and how power flows in one-direction and 'represents'
certain goals and ideals that do not map into the local
issues or shared values beyond a certain framework or
mindset that makes monetary profit is greatest truth.
and yet truth does not work this way. which is to say,
it is not invalidated by ignoring or censoring it out of
existence within these domains, it still exists though
is isolated, disconnected, and thus loses its power
via a false-worldview that takes its place via lies and
deception, a shared illusion that is ungrounded yet
sustained in a bubble, antihuman in word and deed.
in terms of consciousness, much of this is known
and experienced day to day, life to life, yet remains
uncommunicable due to the loss of language, the
absence of connection in realistic terms, about this
inhuman condition, the center of civilization becoming
that of nothingness, of lost souls at the core of it, this
essential vacancy of meaning, devaluing of knowledge
beyond what interests and benefits those in authority,
and thus a seemingly irrational situation exists and is
mediated, one by one, that does not add up nor does
it make any sense, part to whole, because all is left
is fragmented and misaligned, dumbed down, warped
and skewed such that a hall of fun-house mirrors is
the limit to daily reflection in status quo relations, as
nothing more can be said than some finite limit where
the basic situation cannot even be acknowledged, so
hostile is the background and near-field effects, that
any error or wrong thought could jeopardize survival
and force a person into exile or worse, via all-seeing
accountants for conformity, verifying and making sure
the brain washing is effective, all remain followers of
the ideological framework, staying within its confines
and so knowing is disconnected for saying or even
thinking, people detached from themselves and others
and then to awake and find oneself situated in this way;
essentially without being, without access to their own
true nature or capacity or abilities, instead neutered
by what is now convention, via subversion, deception
electromagnetism as the context for the US flag then
recontextualizes some questions of vexillology [2], in
that evaluating the symbolic structure of the flag in its
relation to electrical infrastructure as a system of power
that extends beyond electricity into issues of politics of
the state, including waging of war for natural resources,
and likewise systems based on this ordering, visualized
in urban and rural artifacts of transmission pylons and
distribution poles, then provides further context for the
issues of control - including 'surveillance' in this same
top-down structure, which serves the hierarchy firstly,
to retain its existing historical organization, however
hollowed out and corrupted, used as a false-flag op
in thinking through issues of endless war in the
Middle East and the nonsensical War of Error as it
relates to failure of ideas to govern state actions and
instead submission to faith in leadership and hidden
policies and political agendas, antihuman in ideology
and nature, due to their inaccuracy, loss of capacity
in thinking and language that then functions against
citizens and life, instead of on behalf of these -- this
situation then becoming 'source code' and program
based on flawed and wrong-minded processing of
actions, using, relying upon, exploiting loopholes
in the US constitution as basis for what is possible,
this becoming morality and ethics and its own truth,
the danger of action being untethered from grounded
reasoning and instead FAITH-BASED in ideology of
rightness, with no remaining checks and balances
after the orchestrated power grab, post-coup (41)
in which the state is opposed to truth that does not
serve and submit to this hidden agenda as highest
what have you then, as a citizen in this situation,
do you benefit or are your days numbered as you
wait, channeled into the correct chutes for awaiting
cattle cars, death panels and Obamacare first steps
enough is enough, sanity must regain its place, and
reason based in grounded truth must be secured for
anything other than this automatic decline to continue
into a realm of pure hate and unrestrained evil, driven
by the state in its godless construction and operation
in this way, US Blackflag operations were called for
to regain control over the state and its actions via
an emergency measure built into the constitution that
allows a constitutional convention to be called if or when
the state goes off course due to legal guidelines once written
yet which function against the very principles they stand for
and thus, to raise the Blackflag as the symbol and sign of
this human citizen, to reclaim control over the shared state
and its governance, and remove the existing US flag from its
role as oppressor of its own and other populations, in that
the truth of the US Constitution has become decoupled from
its accounting in logic, beyond that of shared opinion within
language (sign=sign based pattern matching), such that the
views 'believed' are ideological, based and reliant upon ever
shifting relativism that maps to motives of power & authority
over this process of interpretation, as institutionalized, this
the very structure of society, politics, economics, yet within
a bubble view that cannot be falsified, contested, debated
even (see: closed, onesided mass media), and this as the
authority, the 'mind' at the top of the machinery, that sees
and observes everything in this warped, unreal self-serving
viewpoint, that what is good for it is the best for everybody,
any number of rationalizations reinforcing this viewpoint,
and yet no error correction anywhere allowed, especially
in a legal context, because truth itself has been outlawed
thus the ability to critique or correct the malfunctioning of
the state is an impossibility, given the loss of reasoning
that no longer relies upon empirical truth for verification
and validation of processes, and instead 'shared belief'
and a 'superior knowing' takes this place, without anchor
to truth outside a binary simplism, yet beyond correction
for its errors, because they can be ignored, denied, and
the other side destroyed, as is necessitated ideologically;
one side must lose for the other side to win, these "rules"
blackflag would counter this coup and takeover of the state
by a hostile invading population by regaining legal control
over its decision-making and accounting for events in terms
of accountable truth, not allowing secrecy and privilege to
stand-in for assurances of 'good intentions' underneath it all,
at the same time those opposed to institutionalized criminality
are being weeded out of civilization one by one, via surveillance
and attacks against basic existence and subsistence, those
of the traitorous state having been empowered by the takeover
to go the next step, the purging of dissenters and dissidents,
of any who threaten their agenda, privatizing the public realm
and denying services to those not of their shared demographic
in this way, so too, US taxes serving this group primarily as
others go without or are attacked by these same services,
health care becoming administering of disease and death,
social services to increase helplessness and incapacitation,
maximizing profits while engineering conditions impossible
to survive, thus crushing the life out of those at the bottom
and making each year more difficult than the last, death as
if a gift, it cannot arrive early enough, genocide as if mercy
my first attempt at conveying these ideas was to recolor the
US flag as all black while retaining its stars and stripes as
the structure[3]. the problem with this was that it revealed
the ideological formatting of the state, in its rigid lines and
ordering that are the manifestation of this corruption of the
historic compact between individuals & larger organization,
and how governance at the top requires imprisoning those
below, as part of the warped structural dynamics relied upon
and thus injustice built-into the system, its foundation, this
notably in 'mankind' as the shared identity, this privatized
viewpoint scaled to the public allowing any individual to act
in pure selfishness without regard or responsibility to others-
this enshrined in law, outdated as viewpoint, 'the public' does
not exist in this state beyond an 18 century notion, and this
is exactly how this corruption is allowed operate today, by
not acknowledging this condition and correcting it in law-
which requires logic, 3-value and N-value logic, to prove
the binarist viewpoint wrong though also immoral, illegal,
unethical, and yet this very 'reasoning' is forbidden today.
i began to sew, having a black nylon technical fabric,
the goal being to generate a more accurate structure for
the flag that would reflect or in some way represent the
actual dynamics of truth within society, these ideals and
principles of the US constitution in a shared human context,
where both men and women are equal as citizens, and that
people operate in different conditions yet function together
as part of a larger dynamic, an ecosystem that becomes
the state via a decentralized and distributed organization,
scaling from local to national if global contexts, conditions,
situations, aligned via shared dimensions, truth as value
the flag that resulted [4] has a slightly different symbology.
there are many stars, points of light, though some of these
become larger stars via their connected patterning (that is,
points connect or scale up into larger star structures, and
some may be separated at any moment & other combined)
the goal was to demonstrate that constellations of people
or ideas can form, amongst points of individuals, organize
into patterned structures that form a basis for shared order,
and while in the photograph of the flag it is not visible, there
are various regions or boundaries for these relations/events,
where some of these points and stars exist within the same
limits and others exist beyond or outside a given threshold.
(there were additional close-up photos though i do not have
most any of my work archived, though the language of the
zigzag stitching defined these various regional boundaries,
that then translates into near or far within larger ecosystem)
add to this then the linking or networking of these 'stars',
that for me are based on the butterfly paper clamp and also
on the star as a high-voltage transmission pylon or tower, in
this way, structural interconnections can be conceptualized
as -p-o-w-e-r-l-i-n-e-s- and also as the invisible lines that link
together constellations invisibility mapping out the night sky
as stars and structures relate, and capture or model meaning,
to include helping with navigation, awareness, and worldview
in this sense pattern recognition is structural, foundational,
and connections and relations between people in shared truth
is this larger empirical awareness, emerging from relativistic
scenarios, as truth is aligned amongst people and related to
and through, in changing dynamics, shared state as circuitry
and information processor, logical reasoning and organization,
this _ground-up leveling of awareness, ideas, intent, action,
virtue, truth, justice, development, higher purpose, ideals
in this way, so too, power delivery, locally to regionally and
how it scales based upon its shared relation with truth and
those who serve it, as this contrasts with the US flag and
its institutionalization where such dynamics are disallowed,
and people are silenced in these relations, truth vanquished,
something else taking hold, terrorizing citizens in its place
this call for the blackflag to rise and replace the corrupt
US government by legal means, regaining control of the
failed state via constitutional right, then is a challenge to
the reigning falsity that rules and politically 'governs', using
its power against citizens to secure its power indefinitely,
relying on illegal means and methods beyond accountability
due to secrecy and privacy that only applies to oppressors,
while such protections are removed for enemies and used
to exploit and force the downfall of those who live here
the language then may become shared, that yes, such
high insanity must be acknowledged and thus the charade
can be further extended to allow continuing control as these
subversive others continue to attempt to control the reins of
state action, at any cost. and thus mimicry could exist that
seeks to 'represent' this cause via a traditional mindset that
is corrupted by ideology and "believes" something other than
what is said, serves some unacknowledged agenda or view,
that is only camouflaged by the flag, and thus is assumed
to retain control, whatever the shifting dynamics by relying
on the same structures to persist, whatever the new color
in this way, the blackflag yet another false flag for these
traitors who would exist alongside those involved, grounded
within this structural awareness of truth, its transparent and
logical accounting beyond skewed binary onesidedness. a
realm of imposters, mimics, cheats and frauds thus would
continue and yet to juxtapose, compare and contrast these
dynamics, it should be clear that 'the rationale' is entirely
different for these two flags [5], they are not the same idea,
and do not sustain the same beliefs, principles, or ordering
they are actually set against one another in this very moment,
as changes begin to be wrought and pressures exist that still
constrain such actions, based upon resistance, power and
authority based on forbidding what is best for human citizenry
the ideological grid of the present is a cage, a prison camp
purpose-built for human holocaust whereby truth is denied
and eventually outlawed, nonexistence as the present day,
people trapped and existing inside an illusion, not living, only
trying to sustain themselves, keep breathing in the cemetery
in this condition, this separation into many, the individual parts
begin communicating, realize connections in grounded truth
that establish this empirical framework needed, and it involves
taking down the walls built by the state, its prison bar stripes
and false-stars and false-constellations based on emulation,
the state as hollywood movie production, leaders as actors
playing a role on the world stage, versus addressing issues
that exist and being held accountable for such 'representation'
driven by taxation that grows this machinery while seeking to
extinguish citizens inside who do not obey or are the enemy
of those with power. that is what can be seen within various
signs and symbols, language, calculus, patterns & geometry
the difference between these flags is the difference between
ideas and ideology, shared truth versus shared falsity and lies,
freedom versus imprisonment, responsibility versus greed and
unfettered selfishness, duty in opposition to vanity and frivolity,
the network versus the grid, being vs. nothingness, humanity
versus antihumans, individuals vs. institutions, democracy of
human citizens versus corporate democracy, empirical reality
versus relativistic madness, and philosophy versus psychiatry
the existing US flag is the embodiment of politics that replace
the truth with its antithesis which becomes a basis for power,
the blackflag is all about governance, between people who
create and compose the larger state via empirical reasoning
that is based in truth, accounted for and error corrected by
logic, and held accountable and required to change, improve
its functioning, not given the right to ignore its obligations to
people, life, nature, and the larger order it is situated within
the delivery of power will one day arrive, deliverance from this
corrupted condition, within a organized coherent agenda that
regains control over this automated machinery serving wrong
principles and wrong ideas and wrong thinking and beliefs.
there are two orders, represented by these flags. one of
them is aligned with falsity and serves it for its own benefit.
the other serves truth, firstly and wholeheartedly. it is about
how the constitution of a person aligns with those around them
and how this scales and relates and is represented by the state.
the false have their flag. recoloring it is not going to change
anything structural, which is required for the oppression and
exploitation to continue. it can only and must be destroyed as
an institutionalized structure to regain control over the failed state,
as the US constitution outlines and allows. the nature of truth is
conceptualized in the other flag, its blackness has depth and
grounding in principles that reflect those of its people and those
who sacrifice and serve, for greater truth and higher principles
than the base and monetary as if the meaning of life eternal
in other words, no longer will the body govern over the mind,
no longer will the grid determine the network, nor ideology
the truth of ideas. and indeed there is a binary condition
that exists in this situation- between truth and pseudo-truth,
where actual truth grounds to 1 and pseudo-truth to falsity (0).
in this way there is only one value, it is truth. all or nothing.
the US state needs to be brought under constitutional control,
destroy the existing dictatorship, and draft a new constitution
i for one stand against the ongoing criminality of the state
and vote the military take control of its functioning to secure
its actions from those hostile to human citizens and our future
[1] Networks of Power - Thomas P. Hughes
[2] Vexillology
[3] black US flag
[4] blackflag
[5] dual black flags
Alexander Calder 1974 stabile Black Flag

@_date: 2013-12-21 20:21:38
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: re: footnote (07) 
i did not connect the two themes together until now,
 though consider again the residential high rise building
 with an antenna array on top, previously sent to the list,
 in the context that it could be harvesting its own power
 and disconnected from the surrounding energy grid via
 the antenna array at its crown. off the books energy, at
 the same time brutal wars fought to sustain oil power...
 (how is that for ethics and morality of secret leadership,
 and issues of corruption, deception, hidden evil agenda)
 in other words: the antennas are for capturing energy and
 not just for communications signals, a la piezo technology
 again, how to audit the circuitry involved. who has authority
 to evaluate such systems in their technological functioning.
 0290.20   9202.51   0029.98

@_date: 2013-12-21 19:56:10
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: PVDF and sensing - (07) 
heading down the final stretch...
my fascination with sensors as an electronics concept
began with small pamphlet electronics instruction books
from Forrest Mims [0] found Shack though they
are widely available online these days. [1]  if interested
in programming microcontrollers though have not been
introduced via non-computer breadboard electronics, it
may be of interest to look at and learn from circuits in
these notebooks, which provide basic concepts for how
the circuits work and the principles they involve. for a
technical person it could be instructive, for those like
myself with a mental gap in the fundamentals there
may still be questions that need to be answered
before able to access and intuitively understand
exactly what is going on, modifying it from there
so, engineering mindset, great resource. artistic
mindset, perhaps still a significant boundary before
understanding though i have trouble with reading and
ambiguous concepts so it could be only my limitation
that kept me from learning the basics of electronics
in terms of circuitry. another is: having the parts that
are needed, versus just looking at the diagrams and
understanding what is happening, or using these for
reference, to build other circuits via same approach
or extending or borrowing certain parts of designs.
quite interesting to locate a Mims book on sensors
and piezo kit together in regard to ongoing issues
with piezo sensors and energy harvesting. [2]
what captured my imagination was the particular
notebook on sensors, their conceptual nature as
this relates to issues of feedback and intelligence
that effectively maps onto switches and gauges
as measurements of activity, indicators of events;
likewise, the reversibility of sensors, how some if
not many can be inverted in their functioning, such
that a microphone can be a speaker and vice versa
PVDF piezo film as a sensor material exemplifies
the tremendous range that a given material and its
properties can connect with, in varying dynamics
and dimensions. (if not mistaken, it can even detect
airflow while potentially creating air flow likewise)
and so one of these unique properties of piezo film
is that it can detect temperature differences. this
got me wondering (reading of its application in the
tech manual), that given its incredible sensitivity,
would it be able to detect electromagnetic fields
due to the gradiated change in radiation levels
surrounding wires, in proximity to EMF signals
this combined with the idea of the PVDF sensor
as an ANTENNA then had me wondering if this
could function in a similar realm as the standard
linear Hall effect sensor [3] that senses magnetic
fields and functions as a strain gage (analog) or
on/off switch (binary/digital) in the presence of
electromagnetic fields. and thus EMF meters,
most presumably, utilized Hall effect sensors
that have multiple axes, 1-axis to 3-axis that
relate to the geometry of the EM field in space,
and thus rotating a probe for an EMF meter in
a given context which generate varying signal,
helping define the shape and direction of the
signal, as it is positioned in space [4] [5]
so my thinking was as follows... there are these
small piezo sensor 'film tabs' that can be hooked
up to a speaker, and if they could detect signals
from home wiring in the wall, as a microphone,
then essentially it approximates an EMF meter
without the display details, though could indicate
an intensity level by how loud or soft the noise
that is picked up. perhaps this is actually not
possible though it my questioning of its use.
and this could require holding or moving the
piezo film tab, the rectangle with an audio
cable connected to it, then connected with a
small preamp/mixer, amplifier or headphones,
and perhaps moving it along the wall -- which
seems unlikely due to sensitivity -- because it
would generate massive noise seemingly, or,
to potentially move it in the air, likewise that
could seemingly make lots of noise by its
movement, masking any other signals.
it seems to go nowhere as an approach,
yet my question remains that if this PVDF
material can and does function as an antenna
and it could pick up signals via vibrations, that
perhaps if it was held or moved against a wall
with electrical wiring inside, it could access
this intense vibrational activity in some way
it is obviously unclear as an approach, as
multiple aspects coincide, both in attempting
to access a signal and how this could occur...
and thus: the issue could be having the PVDF
film tab register 'temperature variation' as a way
to monitor the difference in heat between a less
electromagnetic realm and more electromagnetic
realm as the radiation is monitored by the sensor
and is this possible or not. and further, would the
fact that the device is a capacitor then influence
its charge via induction, such that the EMFs
would charge the PVDF film, again via vibration
or heat, though which could be used as electricity
in a circuit it connects to, via energy harvesting.
the concept is that the EMF meter as device
would generate power when detecting signals.
and so the existing rectangular film tabs [6] are
potentially one way of going about this, in terms
of 'mapping temperature' as mapping of EMFs,
and seemingly related to this is the issue of the
sensor being shielded or not, as this potentially
relates to issues of tuning. what frequency or
temperature range can influence the sensor
a hypothetical application the PVDF sensor
used for mapping out EMFs, is that a cellphone
could contain such a device and be held against
the wall or on a shelf in which there is electrical
wiring, and the induction that occurs from the
wires to the capacitor via vibration of EMFs
could in effect provide charging power to the
cellphone or other once-battery-reliant device,
if energy harvesting was paired with wiring in
the home and electrical power already in place,
it would be an issue of locating it, excavating
a hidden environment, so the EMF meter as
indicator of signal strength or of radiation levels
as temperature could provide a diagnostic of a
local area via mapping it out as EM environment,
and then situate devices in this specific location,
in proximity to wires to maximize energy harvest
via vibration that perpetually charges the capacitor
(note here: if the PVDF film were etched as was
previously mentioned with further patterning, this
could massively increase voltage potentially, via
increasingly its capacitance or storage capacity
for holding energy, seemingly of higher voltage)
though what really got my mind spinning was
the idea of another format for this piezo polymer
and that is 'piezo coaxial cable'. [7] [8]
in that, this idea of PVDF as an antenna then is
tending towards a shape or form that has been
used for antennas, that is: a length of wire that
picks up signals as wavelengths geometrically
align with, map onto, influence its properties.
(that is, if not mistaken in how things work)
and so my mind starts thinking of making a
loop out of this cable, as if a transponder that
is used to track some emitting signal, or as a
certain type of TV console antenna even, if not
rabbit ears in retrospect. and what is the actual
difference in these different materials functioning,
plain metal and piezo polymer, in terms of antenna
the obvious is that the latter generates power if it
begins to vibrate. and holds onto it as a capacitor,
so it builds up and stores the external influence.
though more, consider the issue of high-voltage,
that a long length of wire could potentially hold a
lot of charge. and this in a context of sensing...
there is the classic example of 'wireless power'
in a person holding fluorescent tube lights under
the powerlines of a high-voltage pylon corridor
that in turn illuminates the lights via EMFs by
way of the surrounding intense levels of radiation
that bathe the area in proximity to such towers
so there is massive energy in the air, ionizing it,
around high voltage electric transmission towers,
enough to light a fluorescent (AC) lightbulb that
otherwise requires a ballast/transformer to do so
(again, if not mistaken), in that charge/electrons
are rapidly moving back and forth through a gas
held inside the unlit tube that then generates light
by triggering a reaction that releases or produces
photons via the current shooting through the gas
(sidenote: LEDs interesting in similar way, light
or photons produced by jumping gap in a circuit)
note: DANGER: DO NOT ATTEMPT TO DO THIS
WITHOUT PROPER EXPERTISE/QUALIFICATIONS...
now imagine you have a loop of piezo coaxial cable
that can function as an antenna. potentially and-or
seemingly, it would be able to 'read' the temperature
difference via the radiation in the area underneath or
nearby similar high-voltage towers. though this may
co-exist as a variable with frequency/vibration thus
heat may just be another way of saying the same
thing, though in a more tangible or perceivable way,
in that its influence may be more apparent.
here is why it is not advisable for a do-it-yourselfer-
because any length of this piezo cable is a capacitor
that can store energy, and the larger the cable the
more voltage that could be stored, it would appear,
and thus if such an antenna were use and capable
of storing large amounts of high voltage charge, it
then could be deadly dangerous to be holding onto
this cable because it would be inducing current from
the powerlines and potentially into the body, in terms
of its grounding (say, straight through an arm to heart
then out one foot or both) potentially like getting hit
by lightning. any precautions that would be taken
by electrical workers that work on high voltage lines
would be relevant as security precautions for any
such experimentation. and yet, if a circuit were
made around such an antenna -- potentially via
paired or matching VIBRATION alone, this same
piezo cable device could potentially provide much
more power and current via its energy harvesting.
(or so it is speculated here)
in a more removed situation, or a smaller antenna,
it could potentially be used to map EMFs via piezo
wire in the way Hall effect sensors are used today,
though again with the benefit of energy harvesting
and providing power to circuitry. thus piezo cable,
as antenna, could have its own unique attributes
and properties that could better align in certain
situations or circumstances to provide power or
function as an antenna, whereby the 'microphone'
or listening is occurring in a vibrational realm that
is not connected to material vibration beyond its
own support structure, instead, as antenna it is
tuning into strong fields (as heat, here proposed)
that would potentially be capable of providing this
source of vibrational needed to power circuitry,
yet further, also a signal of meaning about the
nature of the environment in its electromagnetic
composition and ordering, mapping or direction
based on these attributes, features of landscape
that is relevant in terms of health and energy
so then i was done with thinking about it and
then encountered a photograph that inspired
another layer of thinking within this domain...
it was of a woman's hat [9] created by a fashion
designer that spoke to these issues in terms of
its language and aesthetics, providing insight into
the nature of the questions involved.
what if, for instance, the piezo film tab sensors
were able to monitor the heat or radiation as this
correlates to vibrational frequencies of cellphones
as they are held against the skull, and evaluate
the radiation involved at the blood-brain barrier as
this influences tumor development in humans via
sending this transmission of cellphone signals
from the phone to the cellular towers? in other
words, what if this little sensor could be placed
on a hat, alongside the surface of the skin, and
register and monitor the radiation levels from
omnidirectional antennas shooting EMFs and
coded patterns into the human brain, as part of
this relation between people, tools, technology
and infrastructure - "daily ~communionication"
again, the wonders of the piezo film indicate that
they do respond to monitoring of skin, and thus
likely a viable approach to modeling this relation,
and testing against "official evidence" about how
these antennas and vibrations are influencing the
human physiology. real-time cellphone monitoring
(another approach could involve a PVDF sensor at
the only opening of an otherwise EMF-opaque box
or container that has a cellphone in it, attempting to
transmit or radiate its signal, and measuring activity
via vibration or heat from this at various distances)
additional hats provided further insight into aspects
of multiple tunings [10] via adjusting cantilevers or
tuning forks, to what frequencies are related to and
through, as part of consciousness as information,
this in a non-electromagnetic framework seemingly.
and also of the nature of the mind being targeted by
hostile signaling [11] in these toxic domains of the
technical wilderness, functioning against humanity.
in that disease and illness correlate with these same
issues as they remain ignored and unaddressed, and
allowing continuing abuse of power based on hidden
leverage that results from no checks and balances
upon unrestrained technological development for
private goals and agendas, against public interest
the kicker is that such technology could already be
deployed in a hidden framework or context, just as
it is hard to imagine ubiquitous mass surveillance via
technological infrastructure without this corresponding
in some significant way to a paid informant network on
the ground, in close proximity, allowing full spectrum
monitoring that tends towards gossip as power that
is exploited in the political bias within infrastructure,
emperor no clothes policy laid bare via own tattle tales
thus, what if likewise, the potential for such sensing as
harvesting of free energy already exists yet remains in
a realm of secrecy, leveraged against populations on
the outside of this inner society. what if different truths
exist that remain unaccounted for, different economics
that then become the basis for exploitation via illusion,
via not sharing the discoveries and using this for power,
to take over domains via ruse, deception, ill-intent, etc
in other words: the conspiracy revealed, now out in the open...
take for instance the unusual aesthetics of a local substation
for electric power 'delivery', like a router, bus, or hub that then
transforms the voltage en route to its destination. under the
ordinary or standard model of power distribution, this could
be assumed to function in one way and one way only...
powerplant ==> transmission towers ==> substation ==> distribution poles
that is, the power is generated at a power station, moved
through high-voltage cables suspended from towers to a
substation, where this power is stepped down and then
further distributed via wooden poles to various dwellings
though 'the antennas' could be for lightning protection, it
seems highly unusual to have a large array of them or at
least this design approach has not yet been encountered
before this, and calls into question what is new about it.
i had previously speculated it was a free energy substation
tapping into atmospheric electricity via the antennas, though
until the PVDF sensors did not understand how this might be
possible. in fact, thinking about it right now, combining piezo
antennas with HAARP atmospheric injections of frequency is
potentially the model for remote power delivery at national or
international scale, ala Nikola Telsa's Wardenclyffe Tower [13]
in this scenario, the substation would be the 'generator' in that
it could tune into a given vibration (perhaps Schumann resonance)
and create high voltage electricity on-site, via remote transfer of
energy -as information- seemingly, outside an electromagnetic
context yet tied back into it via properties of nature, its order.
in this way, power delivery could begin at the substation locally,
then distribute back outwards to both high-voltage lines and the
reduced-voltage distribution poles, from the substation itself, a
decentralized power generation and delivery system, in effect,
locally, though harmonized at a larger scale via atmospheric
electricity as the generator or transmitter of 'motive power',
if not conceptualizing this in error. that would be the illusion,
that the powerplant is sending the power and not substation
 substation ==> transmission/distribution ==> local power
thus like a crystal oscillator functioning in reverse as piezo sensor,
if 'free energy' were being harvested at the substation-level, then a
different organization of these relations exists than what is said to
exist and used as a basis for top-down power structures in society.
a decentralized, distributed, non-toxic energy that is limitless versus
an infrastructure based on oil and gasoline and goal and nuclear energy
that is destructive, basically raping the earth and likewise its inhabitants
to fuel a given insane development strategy functioning against humanity
as this aligns with 'green politics' and 'environmentalism', its politics and
moral agenda within what is a warped accounting for various such factors.
in other words, perhaps battery power is only an issue for those on
the outside of this. if it indeed were to exist as a parallel infrastructure
in the everyday environment. and maybe that is being used as leverage,
a secret hidden development with different economics, social dynamics,
and political goals that are not 'represented' in existing language, instead
functioning outside or beyond its limiting frameworks and outdated views
and beliefs, which provide cover and camouflage for sustaining trickery,
exploiting it, and securing its place in relation to the rogue world state,
thoroughly invested in its mission to serve its hidden special interests,
having divested humanity long ago for private rewards in doing so.
wouldn't it be nice to see a circuit diagram of how those antennas
are hooked up at the substation. really interesting if it involved more
than 'ground' and instead was part of a piezo-based energy harvesting
engine capable of generating constant high-voltage power, for instance.
and who would the power to such oversight to occur within society?
seemingly nobody. that is the entirety of the situation right there-
*game over*
(...as if anything was ever was that simple)
0. Forrest Mims
1. Engineer's Mini Notebooks
ex. books available from online vendor
2. Vibration Sensor Kit and Forrest Mims book
3. Hall effect sensor
4. EMF measurement
5. example of EMF meters
6. Piezo Film Elements
7. Piezo Cable
8. Measurement Specialties PVDF technical manual, p.26
9. Supernova
10. 11. 12. unusual antenna array at local electric power substation
13. Wardenclyffe Tower
gravitation, paraffin, Lamarckism

@_date: 2013-12-21 03:49:15
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: PVDF strategies - (06) 
a general situation and condition has been described,
relating piezo film (PVDF) with issues of free energy
and also 'non-electromagnetic' if not 'non-acoustic'
transfer of power and perhaps information likewise.
yet there is a problem encountered as mentioned,
regarding challenges to achieving an ~8 Hz vibration
at the given scale, which may be an issue connected
with do-it-yourself approaches versus a manufacturing
approach, and the technological tools and equipment
available to investigate these dynamics at the scale
of breadboards, microcontrollers, and PVDF elements.
can the existing 'size' of an PVDF electronic component
actually register the approximate ~8 Hz vibration of the
Schumann resonance?
from what i have read in the technical manual (p.2), the
piezo film material is capable of registering vibration at
this frequency [1] and in fact is so sensitive in its use
as in contact microphone applications that shielding is
required to reduce unwanted vibrations [2] in a context
of 'vibration sensing' which also applies when attached
to music instruments [3]. with this in mind, it appears
that the PVDF film element is hypersensitive to any
vibration depending on the surface it is attached to.
in other words, if there is an ~8 Hz vibration occurring,
it would seem likely if not probable that the PVDF film
tab is potentially capable of sending it, given enough
knowledge and whatever equipment required to do so.
so enough of the hypotheticals, i may have forgotten
to emphasize if not mention an important observation.
several weeks ago there was an (urls) list sent that
had information about a NOVA science program that
just aired on Public Television (PBS) in the U.S. and
i saw the last 20 minutes or so of that show, as was
conveyed on that post. [4] [5] the expert interviewed
for the program, Earle R. Williams [6] mentioned the
Global AC Circuit and described research occurring
in a rural Rhode Island experiment that has been
studying this for decades, based on groundbreaking
ideas of a previous researcher who pioneered the field
of atmospheric electricity.
and what Mr. Williams said and demonstrated in this
interview was astonishing to hear. basically, if memory
serves: any antenna on earth picks up this frequency
of the Schumann resonance, which he said was ~8 Hz.
(presumably equates to 'metal antennas' i am guessing,
of the kind found on radios and televisions.)
the very interesting aspect about this, 'context' as it were,
is that this research hut for atmospheric electricity was
old technology -- basically an antenna in a very remote area
to minimize electromagnetic interference (EMI) from what is
the buzzing infrastructure of wired and wireless civilization.
the other aspect is that Mr. Williams stated, if remembering,
that all that is needed is an antenna and oscilloscope to
verify the signal is there. meaning: get a metal antenna,
have it grounded or whatever is necessary, and then attach
it to a visual feedback system and locate the 8 Hz signal.
"spikes" that occur within the signal, atop the frequency
of the Schumann resonance, are lightning strikes. as if
the earth-ionosphere cavity may have some aspect of an
echo chamber (my phrasing), though also it was stated,
again, if remembering correctly, that lighting strikes can
travel up to 2.5 times around the earth, which feeds this
resonance and supports and sustains this wavelength
that is vibrating on all antennas everywhere the same.
so in some sense these are clues, signs of what exists,
what the parameters are. people who know how to use
an oscilloscope and basic antenna are that much closer
to the issue than those who do not, and likewise, those
who can program a microcontroller and write code, etc.
so incorporating this as additional information into the
existing approach and ideas, along with helpful feedback
that questions the starting investigation in its parameters,
it seems possible that experimentation could begin within
a PVDF film sensor context, if having the tools, technology,
and ideas to shape and evaluate and test these conditions.
though further, it is also probable that specifically designing
a PVDF sensor for this particular application would be the
more direct investigation. both approaches could be viable.
in other words, the as-is approach relying on existing
piezo sensors could yield some interesting and unexpected
discoveries, and perhaps break this open into another realm.
and so how to do that is a question: how to tune the element,
how to approach it, what are the actual issues involved, etc.
for instance, consider the PVDF film itself as a rectangle
that can register vibrations via touching a vibrating surface;
this versus having the PVDF film itself resonate, vibrating
based on its being a quasi free-standing antenna. these
different approaches both could potentially access 8 Hz
though via different strategies and frameworks.
my assumption is is that rectangle of the sensor itself
is capable of picking up 'multiple frequencies' at a given
time, depending on what exists as a signal. and thus, if
in a musical approach, it may have 'multiple tunings' even
that coexist on the vibrating surface, whether freestanding
or registering movement from an attached vibrating surface.
and so the issue can be of filtering these signals to focus
the sensor into a given range. and how this is done could
effect its 'efficiency' in terms of energy collection, because
a stronger versus weaker signal could exist, if muddled by
others that counteract its pendulum-like wave movement. if
this way, dampening of the vibration via weights may allow
no movement in certain frequencies, whereas a software
filter could only edit them out while they still exist as an
active force, perhaps removing energy from or competing
with a given frequency or signal from the wanted range.\
so capturing different frequencies simultaneously (good
for crypto and energy harvesting, perhaps) vs. focusing on
a given range (better for Schumann resonance seemingly)
and yet here's the thing--
like a drum skin, how is this elusive jabberwocky of the
Schumann resonance of ~8 Hz ever going to be accessed
if it cannot be readily encountered. what can capture that
wave vibration, at that particular very long wavelength. and
(due to no memory, i get to ask such rhetorical questions)
this is what triggered my memory about the antennas, that
all antennas vibrate at this frequency, or so the expert said.
though also, considering the drum approach, this then got
me thinking- instead of a free standing 'energy antenna',
would it not be possible to use a PVDF sensor to measure
and also pick up this 8 Hz vibration on an antenna instead?
in that if the antenna is vibrating at 8 Hz, could this vibration
be 'harvested' and establish mechanical vibration in these
highly sensitive piezo films, to then build up AC current in
via their capacitance, building up and storing this charge...
in other words: PVDF + ~8 Hz antenna freq. => energy
if there were no limits to exploration and equipment could
be used to custom manufacture prototypes for this purpose,
what would an antenna look like that vibrates only at this
targeted frequency... and thus, another strategy could
involve custom manufacture of the piezo film element,
such that its surface has an antenna etched onto it,
that is made to vibrate at the Schumann resonance,
for instance a particular geometry, grid, array, pattern.
i have read about antennas and they are based upon
geometric proportion to the wavelength, so 'size' does
not necessarily correlate to frequency in terms of larger
antennas for bigger wavelengths, (if i am not mistaken).
instead, the issue of alignment between a signal and
an antenna involves a matched or paired geometrical
structure that can effectively map signals onto antennas
and then coherently deliver this signal into a circuit. likely
as cleanly and crisply as is possible, mathematics then
determining these models and design approaches. thus,
fractal antennas are an area where 'scale' is exampled
other than a yagi or dipole. and cellphones in particular
appear to make very tiny antennas or utilize unique
approaches to make them invisible even, via how the
device is grounded and where the wires are hidden,
perhaps related to signal strength and also 'length'.
so in some sense, maybe size and scale do matter
and in some sense maybe size and scale are not the
most critical factors in given applications. maybe a
larger power source requires a larger antenna and
smaller applications only need smaller antennas.
what i want to convey is that this 'etched on' approach
where an antenna structure could be engineered onto
the piezo film surface -- (such that it would vibrate at
the given frequency and then stress the sensor, in
turn generating power via its constant movement) --
has correlation with a circuit - perhaps soldertrace,
that is the antenna. so imagine a rectangle with a
single loop of a given geometry that would somehow
function as a single-frequency antenna and vibrate,
and thus stress/strain, compression/decompression
of that metal structure would flex the piezo film that
it is attached to, and be designed to maximize the
surface area with this specific tuned geometry that
can focus in on just those signals or vibrations, as
simple as an anode and cathode attached to it, yet
if correlating other approaches, perhaps etched to
a nanosurface-level with fractal patterns even that
could maximize voltage, if possible, or increase
capacitance or whatever else may be optimized
for energy harvesting of ~8 Hz signal vibrations.
so, to simplify, imagine 'the cantilever' that is the
concept already for the piezo film tab, a rectangle
that moves back and forth on axis, and in doing so
creates and stores charge that then can be dumped
into a circuit, bit by bit if momentary, and seemingly
constant alternating current if the signal is constant.
the additional etched pattern atop the sensor, this
being an additional layer, could be considered 'the
antenna' for accessing Schumann resonance. yet,
it could also be conceptualized as a cantilever that
is in addition to the piezo device itself, also this.
my vagueness here is not intentional, trying to write
into a particular direction and context whereby this
'tuned antenna' atop a cantilever instead becomes
this cantilever via a different manufacturing process,
whereby the PVDF device is itself tuned to ~8 Hz,
& moreso, perhaps taking on the form of cantilever.
such that, the piezo elemen becomes a tuning fork
that is tuned for this specific vibrational frequency,
and then anode/cathode, into associated circuitry
precedent, and note 'the scale' here, is with MEMs
devices and micromachines and nanoscale devices
where such extreme miniature 'antennas' can already
be constructed and vibrate at known frequencies, and
they take on the form of a cantilever (same functioning
as energy harvesting sensors, as vibrating pendulums)
and thus micro and nano radios can be made and
other devices, where under microscope a furious
activity is observed of what is basically a tuning fork
that is naturally vibrating via its 'tuned resonance',
(if not mistaken in interpretation of these events).
so at this unobservable visual scale, little cantilevers
can be made to vibrate via their tuning, and function
essentially the same as cantilevers that at this scale
are not envisioned or conceptualized to auto-vibrate
via paired resonance. why is that i wonder, (embargo
on thoughts, experiment, or secret domain perhaps)
just consider a watch, the mechanisms required to
wind and keep the watch spinning its intricate gears,
as this relates to pendulum movement. now what if
a cantilever existed that could vibrate automatically
at ~8 Hz, and thus no more batteries, solar cell, nor
wind-up mechanisms would be needed to provide the
motive power need for its clockwork movement. and
in this way, likewise- the cantilever is the antenna.
the concept of the sensor as mechanical cantilever
in its multiuse form, instead being reimagined as a
tuned rectangle with additional layer of antenna, this
as cantilever, or further, no rectangle and instead the
PVDF is made into a cantilever, tuning fork vibrating
at the frequency of the Schumann resonance, and in
this way, potentially replacing batteries given the size
of the cantilever and its effectiveness or efficiency.
another way to consider this in terms of electronics
and circuits is the (radio again) crystal oscillator that
is included as a stand-alone timing device, matched to
a particular frequency, lets say ~8 Hz for example...
as i understand it, electrical current in a circuit - say
involving resistors, capacitors, relays, switches, and
wires on a prototyping breadboard - moves throughout
this maze of components and can send electrons into
the crystal oscillator, a timing device, that is activated
by this electricity and generates a particular frequency
in response to its being electrified, formatting resulting
output as a given frequency, here 8 Hz, back into the
circuit, where it could be used say by an IC chip that
uses it to count cycles that trigger other activity, say
an LED display that moves up a number every million
cycles and continually counts 0-9 and starts over again.
so the idea here is that this electronics component is
partly doing what the PVDF sensor is, only in reverse.
what the crystal "quartz" oscillator does is vibrate at
a particular frequency (~8 Hz) which is the goal, and
this is already achieved in a device related in some
way already to piezo sensors (see: quartz). the main
difference is that it requires external energy to generate
the signal or the vibrations, (though if it were tuned to
~8 hz, might it vibrate without any external power?)...
     energy (in) ==> crystal oscillator ==> 8 Hz vibration (out)
to put it another way, in terms of active concepts...
     electricity ==> vibration ==> timing
in other words, in traditional radio or other timing circuits
reliant upon crystal oscillators, electrical current (power)
is input into the component that then "vibrates" at a given
frequency, and then this signal is output as 'time' into the
circuit, whereby the electrical current has this geometric
patterning mapped into its structure which is then utilized
by related or connected components, to format other action.
what the piezo film sensor does is exactly the opposite:
    timing ==> vibration ==> electricity
it takes some regular mechanical vibration when attached
to a surface, and this vibration strains the sensor which in
turn generates electrical charge via piezo electric properties
and then stores this charge via its capacitance, which then
can be output into the connected circuitry as AC electrical
current. the main issue appears to focus upon controlling
the timing or frequency, via TUNING the device (that is,
creating a cantilever or antenna to automatically vibrate)
in other words, if the 'timing' between the PVDF or other
piezo sensor and the Schumann resonance could be
established, matched in shared resonance (A=A) such
that the 8 Hz signal would directly map to an antenna
or cantilever structure tuned specifically for 8 Hz, then:
    matched-timing ==> perpetual vibration ==> free electricity
where 'matched-timing' is pairing of signal with antenna
of the piezo sensor (cantilever or not) in that the geometry
is aligned (A=A) which then accesses and sustains this
connection of 8 Hz vibration via 'shared resonance' that is
a transfer of energy from the earth/ionosphere cavity, to
the surface of the earth. the critical issue appears to be
~adjustable tuning of an antenna to allow for drift, such
that "tuning" differences both small (Aa=Ab) and large
(A=B) can be adjusted for, which also occurs in a realm
of electronics and watchmaking, if not mistaken, that an
additional level of fine-tuning and adjustkbility is involved
and required in such intricate small scale technological
if other ecosystems, because variances may exist/persist
does this mean also that a crystal oscillator [7] is a step
or two away from providing power to a circuit if only tuned
to ~8 Hz - it would probably involve whatever piezo aspect
of crystals, if they could output current as piezo sensors,
when vibrating at this frequency, thus an issue of locating
or manufacturing such crystals, tuning them as antennas.
(should Superman be mentioned here, or metaphysics of
crystals, predecessor to electronics, original components
of nature, such that this is the foundation of the study, in
this way, so too amber and lodestone, known or unknown)
the key idea then is of tuning piezos, whereby the piezo
element is itself the antenna, and this could be explored
in various ways, etched onto the surface of an existing
sensor element, such as with PVDF film tabs, or made
into a cantilever such as a tuning fork vibrating at ~8 Hz
that outputs energy into a self via its perpetual motion,
and further, crystal oscillators tuned to this frequency
of the Schumann resonance, if capable of generating or
outputting electricity via alignment with this frequency,
tuned into it in terms of energy harvesting versus timing
for circuits or for receiving or transmitting radio waves.
note: again, this is non-electromagnetic vibration that
is accessed, so oscillators and piezos are functioning
in an undescribed realm at macroscale, though within
effects _known within music (as natural philosophy),
described by composer/filmmaker Helen Hall. [8]
the mythos involved includes a realm of the forbidden
and of the fringe activity of outlawed energy research,
access to 'free energy' that is believed to have earlier
been accessed on earth by its inhabitants yet since
disappeared within civilization, vanished along with
its cosmology (of the aether), the plenum seemingly,
edited out, removed from view via Michelson-Morley.
and yet the idea of limitless energy, locating it as if an
issue of dousing within the electromagnetic framework
with various strange machines and contraptions, those
seeking to tap into it, upon relating to and realizing its
mystery that surrounds, encompasses, defines and yet
cannot be tangibly defined in these same terms it exists
because the basic model and approach are off, and just
enough to send things in another direction, still unaware
in other words, there is potential energy all around, the
issues of dead cellphones after 5 hours moot should a
small cantilever antenna find geometrical alignment that
replaces its power source with one non-electromagnetic,
non-polluting, attuned to nature and mind, in harmony
and related to the larger order, not existing to destroy it.
how to tap into it, where is it. how do you get there if
electromagnetism is off-limits to investigation beyond
an ideology of a protective technological priesthood.
and then, how to imagine beyond electromagnetism
if concepts are not understanding of this condition
firstly, to realize what the encountered issues are,
so that reasoning is possible in a shared framework
the larger question, how to tap into the infinity that is
within the electromagnetic circuit, open up that seam
between zero and infinity, and use it to turn things at
higher speeds and momentums or with greater force,
limitless power of any magnitude, seemingly. this is
essentially to break out of relativity and back into a
non-warped model of nature, so anti-gravity and other
such issues are basic and easy to advance beyond,
though if living within lies of a false perspective this is
not possible. so the worldview has to be taken down
before any landspeeders are going to arrive in town
0. The 8 Hertz approximation was used by an expert on
this issue, which is an easy round number to recall that
stands-in for whatever the exact decimal place resonance
may be for hooking up to the Schumann resonance. This
expert was on a NOVA public television program who will
be referenced in this text, and whose information follows...
1. Measurement Specialties PVDF technical manual (PDF)
quote: Wide frequency range0.001 Hz to 10^9 Hz
2. Cold Gold - Contact Microphones
"These film tabs usually need to be shielded
{by copper shielding tape} to reduce hum."
3. technical manual, p.47
4. light-signals (urls)
5. NOVA: At the Edge of Space  (PBS science program)
6. Earle R. Williams -- Research Overview
7. Crystal oscillator
(note: crystals as tuning forks)
8. Helen Hall - Art of Frequencies

@_date: 2013-12-20 18:21:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: energy harvesting via PVDF - (02) 
excellent point- i will be posting a follow-up section on troubleshooting
with another strategy related to this and more information. thanks

@_date: 2013-12-20 02:34:03
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: PVDF & microcontrollers - (5) 
it is already established my skills do not allow exploration of
these issues though i have some basic observations to share
about what exists based on web searches that may quicken
research for those interested who are new to PVDF sensors.
first observation is that a development kit exists for those who
have knowledge and interest and want to start experimenting,
[0] though it does not appear to include cantilever hole designs
of the sensor, that was mentioned in terms of tuning antennas.
still, it could be useful for exfiltrating data or capturing signals
sent via infra- or ultrasound, and also has a large film element
that has been used as a speaker in various online demos. for
instance, seemingly you could wire up a PVDF sensor along-
side computer chassis and monitor signals via its vibrations,
or powersupply, perhaps keyboard or keystrokes or whatnot.
likewise, power various tools via energy harvesting of these
same approaches else discover free-energy approach based
in shared resonance not coupled to another material beyond
the antenna itself if tuned to a primary and matched source.
it seems Arduino and other microcontroller platforms are for
those already saavy in programming and they and other such
programmable integrated circuit platforms represent a large
population of developers, professionals, experimenters, and
hobbyists, and other enthusiasts. this seems equivalent in
kind to the early era of electronics with crystal radio kits
occurring in an engineering centric culture that grew into
the early computer industry via ham radio experimenters,
and those who mail ordered and constructed electronic kits,
today involving the internet, online stores, discussion boards
in the realm of advanced computing, everyone having their
own programmable 'computer-based' development platform,
and a tremendous kit of parts to choose from, to further explore.
including ideas, goals, projects, hypotheses, prototypes, etc.
the reason for stating this is that a certain level of literacy may
exist for many who are computer literate in the advanced sense
of a cypherpunks context, knowing hardware and software and
ideas beyond this, into mathematics and linguistic concepts,
and so a high-fidelity understanding and awareness may exist
that enables greater ease of use within the ready-to-program
devices that have limited documentation, and can present a
large learning curve for those starting without such experience.
thus, straight-away to mention that Sparkfun [1] carries various
PVDF sensors, example, that can then be added into whatever
microcontroller may exist capable of interfacing with the sensor.
the thing is, in researching this, it appears there is potentially
limited data for people just starting out, for how to go about this,
whereas those already fluent may know how to put it all together.
apparently instructions can be lacking and this is mentioned with
respect to another approach for those like myself who need more
step-by-step instructions and learning tutorials to know what to
do and how to think about things, to build up awareness via
making circuits on the microcontroller versus using it for an
already determined objective. and there are general kits to do
this for Arduino, in particular a 37 module sensor kit [2], so it
is potentially an experimenter's paradise, if knowing how to get
everything functioning, having a plan and enough information.
i do not know enough about Arduino to know other competitors
in the same domain though it appears there are many others
(Beagleboard, etc) so that was used just as an example of
several different options that exist where these piezo sensors
can be integrated into the existing programmable platform,
to custom-build and craft circuits, as is already being done.
(note: if i am using 'platform' in the wrong way, my apologies,
it is the nearest word i know of to describe these tools)
so essentially it is a 'nothing new here' situation for those who
know all about this technology, though potentially to question
the potential for a piezo film sensor beyond existing boundaries
and perhaps for advanced unmentioned cryptologic applications.
the issue then is to question an electronic component, this
piezo film tab as vibrational cantilever, the piezo element that
exists beyond the circular disk and functions in other territory
and in other configurations, including also piezo coaxial cable
(and again, its potential use as an antenna of other dynamics)
and so, for instance, the datasheets are included on some of
the urls below, to provide more information if interested in
evaluating if the given parameters may allow experimentation
within the realms considered, say detecting signals patterns
via vibrational 'contact' versus acoustic microphone. [3]
so that is perhaps the majority approach for those already
up to speed, though everyone may not have the same approach
or others may want to learn about this, and thus a programmable
microcontroller platform I have successfully learned from before,
both about electronics and software programming of breadboard
circuits is the Parallax BASIC Stamp Activity Kit [4]. essentially
it is a platform for educating people about microcontrollers and
provides an indepth tutorial and various circuits as part of a kit,
and support forums for experimenters and developers, as with
Arduino, which may have its own 'learn electronics' kit, though
it seems Parallax has focused on this educational sector and
providing materials for schoolchildren, hobbyists, and up, to the
professional sector prototyping and development solutions, so
is perhaps unique in its tutorial or hands-on learning approach
versus what may require additional instruction else a different
more self-guided approach otherwise, with other pathways.
(trying to be fair, not advertise, yet also provide information
about the offerings. also: if other PVDF vendors, they are few
or do not have information i could locate in repeated searches)
this is why I mention the Parallax kit that includes a fundamental
course in learning circuits via a programmable breadboard. this
same PVDF sensor [5] can be used with this platform, and it
also has additional data on the commands related to it as part
of a User Guide for that specific tutorial approach, [6] in that it
may provide more structure than other less structured approaches
though perhaps this is more related to the overall framework of
learning to use a microcontroller itself, where for some a more
all encompassing approach may be required prior to interfacing
with the PVDF in terms of programming functioning of a circuit.
and likewise, following this same general theme, the Sensors
Sampler Pack for the Parallax BASIC Stamp microcontroller
includes a PVDF element along with other sensor options. [7]
the reason for providing examples is to see what is out there
for those learning, in individual components and then within an
integrated approach, of which there are various routes to take.
for instance, consider the following project:
Phoenix Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitor Project
Sub-project: Piezo Film Pulse Sensor
if someone already knows what they are doing, competent in
the domains of hardware and microcontroller programming, it
would probably be fairly likely they could replicate or learn from
this demonstration of use for a PVDF sensor. yet further, someone
with an interest in cryptography or crytanalysis, could potentially
take this same information and apply the pulse reading to the
chassis of a computer to monitor vibrational activity or apply
this same information in some other way, in terms of security
analysis, exploits, defense, research, exploration, experiment.
though someone who does not have this knowledge then may
be stuck, unless a step-by-step approach exists, which is more
the Parallax approach, and perhaps in some ways Arduinio if
online tutorials exist in place of paper manuals, though these
extra layers of information may be required prior to achieving
such finished projects, and needs to be built-up as a skill first.
but not everything that is involved in this situation is about
technology of computer hardware and software, and the code
can go beyond computing, even 'electrons' potentially, in terms
of what the situation could be modeled as, via its parameters.
in that the PVDF as tunable antenna is not unlike a tuning fork
that is made to resonate by another paired vibration, and while
it may appear this is acoustic energy, air pressure, it could be
the resonance of the material itself that is set to vibrate due to
its physics, its particular construction and composition. that is,
as with Helen Hall and her study of music physics, that what
this involves relates to the issue of a vibrating string, and the
'energy' issues of vibration can be conceptualized likewise in
terms of music principles, such that the resonance as it now
is conceived of may not exist within computing in the way it
is known in music, for instance, yet it may have importance
in terms of harvesting energy via non-acoustic vibrations.
i do not myself understand what this involves enough to better
introduce to topic, though to hh it is 'the Art of Frequencies',
as this relates to music physics and music and energy. the
reason it is mentioned is that sympathetic vibrations occur
in a paired matching or alignment (1:1) and (A=A) in terms
of logic, within my own research, and in this way especially
in terms of 'consciousness', each person their own antenna,
and how they relate to others and in what ways. a common
example could be sexual dynamics and 'magnetic fields', in
that a certain pressure or boundary may be encountered via
anther that either attracts or repels or is perhaps neutral. in
this framework, there is something tied into the materiality
of encounter, the physical body and its relation to another,
other as self or unlike self, as this constitutes circuitry.
further, though, beyond or outside a realm of push & pull
of both magnetic and electromagnetic polarity, it also can
potentially include something 'outside' this EM boundary,
in that a non-electromagnetic energy of vibration could
also exist -- as if in the realm of information itself -- that
maps onto these same connections as 'shared tuning'
(all mention of tuning has origin with HH, in my work).
so what this is to suggest is that this inductive sensing
of humans, this mapping of awareness of self and others,
could be occurring as information in this vibrational way,
if connecting 'dots' across various views and approaches,
and thus how people are tuned or out of tune may relate
to what signals they pick up or what movements they are
part of, as grounded within certain dimensions, dynamics,
self as circuit, then relation with others into groups, etc.
and this is also the PVDF antenna model, seemingly.
potentially. the only substitution i would suggest is that
that 'global electrical current' that could set everything into
a shared time and framework of connected circuitry, would
be in some sense an analogy of empirical truth that flows
into the shared macrocircuit and people are aligned by it.
thus, induction beyond electromagnetism, though also
as a pressure, perhaps, the pneumatic aspect, and the
larger cosmological question of 'strings' that may be of
an informational category, in terms of cosmic vibration
that is defined by resonance of each and every object,
if not mistaken in relaying others knowledge involved.
in other words, consciousness could be modeled by
this circuit in terms of information transfer as it also
could have an energetic component yet this approach
could exist outside or beyond the current conception
of the body in both nonexistent electromagnetic terms
and also, non-existence non-electromagnetic terms
functioning outside this electromagnetic framework,
in the sense that aetheric order could exist beneath
the existing dimensional space, this described as a
vortex model of the atom, as it relates to zero. [8]
so the potential, should a vibration on an antenna
transform into harnessing free energy - via resonance
and this new PVDF film sensor technology - then its
significance is also conceptual, beyond perhaps the
issues of creating a vibrating cantilever or pendulum
in a watch that removes the need for a battery or for
winding, due to being tuned to frequency of the earth
that becomes part of its circuit, its power source, via
this connectivity based upon natural order, its circuit
as ecosystem and habitat, context for technology.
and how this moves into modeling of self as a being,
an entity, modeling of information in relation to energy
and matter, in terms of music and physics principles,
and how it recontextualizes questions and parameters
were it to be unlocked as a common framework within
which people relate or decide to disallow its existence
i only saw the first two parts of Atlas Shrugged, a recent
television movie version, never having read the longer book
by Ayn Rand, though it seems to be based upon this same
premise, where another world exists outside the ordinary
realm, having cracked open the threshold allowing access
to other dimensionality. the third part of the film is to be
released in the next summer, apparently. in any case,
interesting times ahead if this is indeed possible...
[0] MSI sensors - 1004308 Piezo Film Sensors Basic Design Kit
[1] Sparkfun -- Piezo Vibration Sensor - Large
Piezo Vibration Sensor - Large with Mass
[2] SunFounder - 37 Modules Sensor Kit
[3] example datasheet
[4]  BASIC Stamp Activity Kit - USB (Text v3.0)
[5] ex. info: Piezo Film Vibration Sensor Tab
[6] Piezo Film Vibra Tab User Manual
[7] Sensor Sampler Pack
[8] Art of Frequencies - Helen Hall
intercalate, communication gap, pulse-jet

@_date: 2013-12-19 23:22:50
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: tuning piezo antenna - (4) 
basically at this juncture there are questions of piezo film itself,
and then how to control this within a circuit, which could also
involve information transfer, and thus microcontroller platforms
are probably involved in such experimentation and development.
so how i approach this situation is that i look at what is available
for piezo film sensors, and contemplate how that plastic-coated
piezo film could be made to vibrate automatically or function as
a non-radiating transceiver of 'resonance-based' energy as signal.
and thus the options are basically for little rectangle tabs of film
that plug into a breadboard circuit of a microcontroller or else can
be soldered to a circuitboard, as with various other approaches. [0]
e.g. the DT Series from Measurement Specialties is the same type
of strain-gage sensor found in contact microphones. [1] though i was
still completely puzzled by another version of this element that has
a round metal opening in its otherwise flat surface as if a mistake
occurred at the hardware store. as if a pierced PVDF sensor. [2]
and then after a google search i happened upon a experimenter
who built an Arduino Seismic Activity Monitor [3] using the same
PVDF element and it was then realized the hole in the piezo tab
related to its use as a cantilever that vibrates and that additional
weights can be added to limit what frequencies influence it, thus
the antenna can be tuned to respond to only certain frequencies,
or in the larger consideration, potentially to resonate in a narrow
window where it could be specifically tuned to, say- 7.83 Hz, if
indeed it either could be manufactured this way as an antenna
or retrofitted via weights or modifications. or so it seems possible.
in other words, having once had access to a seismic sensor, the
range in which the vibrations would trigger the circuit could be
fine-tuned to a certain limited parameter which could potentially
influence inefficiency or limit any outside involvement, harmonics
from powerlines or ambient noise that could lessen or disrupt the
clean or predominant movement, seemingly. like only having one
vibration versus several that counteract and diminish one another,
though perhaps in some cases harmonics could be beneficial and
in others counteract the movement. those who know would know.
(sidenote: interesting to consider precisely because such a sensor
can still be used as a microphone element and could be tuned or
adjusted to pick up stray signals or vibrations from the environment,
say the 60 cycle hum of alternating current, more on this later..)
so, tuning of the adjustable PVDF film tab apparently involves
either guesswork or use of an oscilloscope, which i wish i knew
how to use because it seems the conceptual foundation of the
diagnostics of electronics and circuits, how to relate to and
understand them in detail and without it, the multimeter in its
non-graphic approach remains to me an issue of numbers only,
never having understood how all of it fits together as a worldview.
though it is evident that it is possible to put weights onto this
cantilever of the sensor and then measure it so that it only can
vibrate within a certain wavelength, or frequency, in this case it
was bounded for earthquake sensing, to a lower range and thus
filtering out all the higher frequencies that could influence if not
trigger the sensor, said to be extremely sensitive to vibrations,
otherwise. what this amounts to is: if you know electronics and
know circuits and have an oscilloscope, you could probably tune
the antenna to a particular frequency range, whether to transmit
or receive crypto data as infrasound (seems unlikely as transmit,
though receive apparently a-ok, if material connection is vibration,
again not acoustic or in air; thus computer chassis, cables, etc)
or at ultrahigh frequencies (transmit/receive seemingly both ok.)
thus perhaps someone with the know-how to see if it is actually
possible to transmit data via resonance-based vibration, where
movement is induced in another circuit, becoming power for that
circuit, else also transmit data via non-electromagnetic means,
on the principle of shared tuning. (there is more to this, opening
up and tapping into the infinity of a circuit, and somehow having
this drive the vibration of the PVDF ((which is more 'the aether'
from what i understand, not of this dimensionality)) though that
is for some other investigation, in some other time and place.
this involves challenging existing mathematics of zero, etc.)
in any case, the point here is that there could be multiple ways
of tuning the piezo film as an antenna within these parameters,
and it could involve differing approaches or circuits to do so.
[0] example of Piezo Film Elements
[1] Piezo Sensor - DT Series
[2] Piezo Sensor - LDT Series
[3] Arduino Seismic Activity Monitor - Ethernet Shield
recover, tremulous, lie detector

@_date: 2013-12-19 22:34:01
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: PVDF as antenna - (03) 
from this vantage of not-knowing, and having experimented
some with breadboards and the Parallax Basic Stamp
microcontroller platform, it would again seem possible
that if the PVDF were conceptualized as an antenna that
when it is geometrically aligned does not just access a
realm of signals, and instead, this signal is itself energy
that correlates directly with a capturing of voltage within
the piezo film as capacitor, such that an 'energy antenna'
exists and perhaps this is the basis of energy harvesting,
though seemingly is bounded by how it is implemented.
in that its application appears to be requiring mechanical
energy, affixed to a surface which bends the material as
the basis for vibration, than tuning into a frequency that
is detached from the sensor and yet resonates it via the
correspondence and alignment of shared tuning (A=A),
and in this way motivates charge within a larger circuit.
so there are whitepapers that exist about self-sustaining
circuits based on PVDF and microcontrollers [0] and yet
nothing in this other realm about the 'global AC circuit' [1]
as this could also influence movement of the antenna in a
framework beyond that of sidewalks and HVAC vibrations.
in that atmospheric electricity and the earth-ionosphere
cavity [2] have fundamental relation to EM technologies
thus, stating the obvious in an expanded view beyond
that of a compartmentalized realm, this condition of being
within such an environment, yet not having it understood
or conceptualized based upon a false limit or no-go zone,
as if fringe to consider or perhaps not obvious to those
without instruction, the educational system enforcing a
fundamental disconnection, as if to keep everything that
is naturally connected apart, as if somehow beyond limits
thus basic electromagnetic awareness, to then read the
technical manual [3] where it states the following:
"Although the forces involved are small, the film can be used to
excite other mechanical structures over a very wide frequency range.
If a second element of film is used to receive the induced vibration,
the system can possess a very high dynamic range, even though the
overall "insertion loss" due to the film is about -66 dB typically for
a structure at resonance. If sufficient gain is applied between these
elements, the structure will self-oscillate at its natural frequency.
For these resonant mechanical systems, high voltage drive is not
required. The amplifier circuit may function adequately from a normal
dual rail op-amp supply, or even from a single 9 volt battery. For
analysis purposes, even lower applied voltages, e.g., the noise source
of a spectrum analyzer at 70 mVrms, are sufficient to insert the
mechanical energy into a structure when piezo film is also used to
monitor the result." (p.5)
now consider again the issue of tuning and shared resonance,
that the movement of one object at a certain vibration/frequency
could induce another object to also vibrate at that frequency if
the resonance was shared or tuned similarly.
thus, a PVDF film 'transmitting antenna' could seemingly generate
a vibration at a given frequency, and if matched to anther PVDF film
as receiving antenna, could induce it to vibrate and in effect, transfer
or transmit the power from one circuit into another, via this vibration.
i.e. resonance-based transfer of energy, or remote power generation
so you could place a microcontroller antenna tuned to a frequency
a few feet from another, on a separate circuit, and seemingly then
light up its LEDs via vibrational energy, no electromagnetism that
spans this gap, and instead resonance or vibration as the medium.
(note: non-acoustic seemingly because it is the material itself that
is vibrating and not "acoustic" air pressure pushing it to vibrate.)
note: in this way it is clean, non-pollutive, and nonradiating energy
and this is what Tesla had discovered apparently, and yet it was not
able to be developed further, given the all-encompassing situation.
and yet, listening to the stories of hh, she conveys that Tesla who
had developed alternating current infrastructure thought in retrospect
that it was unnatural and harmful as an energy approach, and that
this resonance-based energy was based upon natural cosmic order,
and was correctly aligned with life and nature, not functioning against
it via invisible toxic pollution of radiation and its massive inefficiencies.
so now there are two major themes: one is energy capture via the
Schumann Resonance, and another is non-electromagnetic transfer
of power via antennas tuned to a shared frequency, whereby current
from one circuit could induce it in another. this is different from the
magnetic induction whereby magnetic fields bridge the gap between
transmitter and receiving device, and any electric or electromagnetic
version likewise, whereby current is bridging this gap, ionizing the
air inbetween, breaking down the structure of the air to move energy,
versus nontoxic vibrating at some imperceptible infrastructural layer
that is already active within nature, which all entities are attuned to
as part of a living ecosystem and circuit, yet also out of harmony and
out of balance via technology and development in the present moment,
with populations unable to grasp the hostile situation we exist within,
environmentally, ecologically, educationally, intellectually, realistically
in the dimensions & parameters that exist, for optimal decision-making
what then if the approach or conceptualization is off, and equipment
and tools exist for experimentation like early days of electrification,
where hobbyists can turn inventors and transform the situation by
exploring beyond the edge already defined, via new interpretations
or accessing old, discarded ideas and knowledge, thinking it through
once again, and perhaps massive discoveries await via such experiment
0. Powering Microcontrollers with Scavenged Energy
Evaluating the Options for Different Technologies to Harvest Energy
From the Environment
1. global electrical circuit (images)
2. Atmospheric electricity / Earth-Ionosphere cavity
3. Measurement Specialties PVDF technical manual (PDF)
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
laugh track, nosebleed, telamon

@_date: 2013-12-19 20:17:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: PVDF and you - (01) 
so i have been researching PVDF piezo film sensors
via a technical manual [0] and there is a lot here that
may be of potential interest in terms of its applications,
[1] especially its use in security systems and to prevent
tampering, and energy harvesting, in addition to other
areas where its unique functionality could be explored.
what follows, a series of short posts about this material...
0a. Measurement Specialties PVDF technical manual (PDF)
0b. technical manual with Appendix of piezo film articles
1. Measurement Specialties Piezo Film Product Guide
so PVDF is 'piezo film' that has unique properties and
capabilities. while i know little of functional electronics,
it is said to be a capacitor that stores and discharges
high voltage energy. like a piezo disk it picks up the
vibrational energy due to structural deformation that
then generates or moves charge in response to this.
the application i recently first encountered it was with
'contact microphones' - where it was stated that these
PVDF film tab mics record the vibrations as sound input
rather than acoustic pressure of condenser and dynamic
capsule microphones reliant on soundwaves moving the air.
so the distinction is that this piezo film can function as
a recording input or SENSOR though by registering the
vibrations on the surface of a material. what is more, it
also detects temperature differences and thus can be
employed as a sensor this way as well, which i did not
realize was possible nor expect for a 'microphone'.
the PVDF film apparently is already used in security
applications within computers, if not crypto systems
protected from tampering, via vibration sensing that
triggers lock down or equipment destruction based
upon monitoring of piezo film signals at perimeter.
PVDF film for Tamper-Proofing, Security (white paper)
(interesting likewise is use of piezo coaxial cable for
perimeter security, strung on fencing as a microphone
and also buried underground, which then can register &
record raindrops, footsteps, people climbing fence, etc.)
to be continued: ideas and observations about PVDF...
spatter glass, azimuth circle, rift zone

@_date: 2013-12-18 19:15:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: patterns & tracks (urls) 
comment: so here in the Great White North, one year all of the sudden
many people on local television were complaining about the fact that
there is snow in Minnesota. i had never heard anyone in my life
complain about snow in Minnesota, as if it was a negative event. who
are these people? when did the population get replaced? - and it
seemed that another kind of person now existed in the area who was
fundamentally not from here else did not belong, and hopefully finds a
place they like better. rather than stand in snow complaining about
so take an event X that has certain functioning and variables, that
could even be its nature, what makes it what it is (X).  thus, X=snow.
and then consider a place (MN) as being invariably tied to this
condition, such that MN=X within a certain range of parameters, say
and for many, as long as they have shelter, warm clothes and boots, it
can be an enjoyable time. if not, you may not survive. though snow and
winter have profound aesthetic value as a transformation from what is
known into another realization and understanding of the same place,
within differing parameters (light, color, temperature, clothing,
transportation, etc). so living in the north can be an education in
itself, knowing about winter, learning from it.
the larger situation is repeated elsewhere. in particular, in
educational contexts that have also migrated online as a type of
disapproval of certain natural functioning and awareness. most
notably, discussion groups online where a given [topic] will then have
limits placed upon its exploration, even though inquiries may fall
squarely within a given domain. and to this my response is similar:
who are these people, where did they come from?
for instance, the basic principles of [disciplines] such as
architecture can be censored in discussion or other areas (cultural,
technological) because it falls outside the artificial lines or
boundaries so conceived by a given ~managing population. such that
'the ideas' cannot be discussed, in their natural habitat, which
instead relies upon a definition of a place such that: place=not-X. or
in other words: topic = not-topic. insofar as it challenges a given
ideological boundary. and this can be as unnatural as believing 'snow
is bad' in Minnesota- fundamentally unnatural as a viewpoint. yet so
too, 'architecture is bad' for architecture, and onward. 'security is
bad for security' etc.
and perhaps this is evident in boundaries that are upheld and
constructed, maintained, such that certain issues and ideas cannot be
discussed due to enforcement of limits, and these may not have
anything to do with secrecy via NDA and instead, of wrong ideas and
thinking that challenge the status quo interpretation and belief
system (religion as state, essentially), yet that substitutes a
condition of truth with another, a pseudo-version that is fake, unreal
by comparison, and yet upheld as the basis for relation and exchange.
in that, having a negative view of snow in Minnesota, at least for me
and those i have known, is going against what makes this place what it
is, in its depth and connection with the area. and viewing 'ideas' as
negative that have this connection with a given topic or
understanding, likewise, unnatural and out-of-place. indicative of
other dissonance, ungrounded relations. to forbid 'ideas' of crypto
within discussion of cryptography, poo-pooing it, for instance, would
be an interesting realm to consider for how deep this disconnection
could go, thus revealing a surface relation or deception reliant upon
the not-X condition to sustain itself, or in this case, the need for
insecurity, obscurity, unknowing, disconnection, as vital to the ruse.
all such betrayels of truth reveal themselves in how truth is related
to, observed or ignored.
consider in this context, then, how might the government ever combat
issues of 'cyberspace' if its relation with electromagnetism was never
allowed to be established; such that:
     cyberspace = not-EM
on NSA interview on 60 minutes: it was stated that the interconnection
between various computer analysis systems (metadata) was needed to get
the 'whole picture', in that it is necessary to engage the situation
at the scale it exists. without this, conceptual blindness due to
limits or boundaries that prevent greater understanding of how things
now consider an entire university system, education system down to
gradeschool, that is forbidden from uniting its metadata beyond
compartmented views. that is essentially the condition today that
enforces illiteracy and makes it impossible to reason about advanced
situations beyond finite language games:
      culture = not-EM
everything that is connected via electromagnetism, and
interdisciplinary via shared structure and order of truth, is denied
by its lack of inclusion, allowance, and validation by authority - and
get this: on the basis for superior (private) belief based upon what
amounts to religious opinion, that instead censors truth so that this
wider viewpoint cannot be established. leave it up to some girls in
gradeschool to challenge the paradigm on a science project, the very
situation that cannot be addressed through reason otherwise, due to
issues of power.
the NSA gets its integrated metadata. the citizens and education
system does not. this is to include EMF hazards and electropollution
in relation to telecoms and telephony, etc. what about metadata of
[this] connected with contradictory data of [that], working all of it
--:--: correlations :--:--
[video] Start-stop traffic helps penguin huddles grow
Outdoor Action Guide to Animal Tracking
Outdoor Action Animal Tracking Cards
note: irony of shtml; could see augmented reality apps helpful to
snapshot tracks, then database search and output hypotheses,
could be useful for mass inventorying by park rangers else a
SETI-like wildlife census by people in their local vicinities
where people can volunteer data for others research studies
rel. [image] snow music
A story written in the snow...
Another story written in the snow  / (not-pc)
God particle signal is simulated as sound  / via hh
note: first sample gives glass harmonica a run for its currency;
the second sample adds thunder tube in with harmonium;
third sample as if Laurie Spiegel electronic music composition
Non-transitive dice
bit (digital/binary)
weighting, sliding-scale, gradient/strain-gage (analog) in context of loop
--- (my naive questioning) ---
is crypto used for online communications modeled in
conceptual 'flatland' or flat earth scenario,
how do the relational approaches exist dimensionally
or are the relations based on 2d dynamics and flow patterns
to what extent are _diagrams of relational exchange flattened
into a single layer or approach even while having various
features and different functionality (hierarchical nested sets)
could there be a conceptual limit or fixed approach that
starts considerations and modeling of dynamics in a given
domain/mindset and never leaves or goes beyond/outside it
[video] The Cyrus Cylinder: An Artifact Ahead of Its Time - {This relic
from ancient Persia had a profound influence on the Founding Fathers)
The Monolithic Sculptures of Data Viz Whiz Edward Tufte
Snowden: NSA's indiscriminate spying 'collapsing'  / via drudgereport
[quote] "There is a huge difference between legal programs, legitimate
spying ... and these programs of dragnet mass surveillance that put
entire populations under an all-seeing eye and save copies forever,"
he wrote. "These programs were never about terrorism: they're about
economic spying, social control, and diplomatic manipulation. They're
about power." [unquote]
--- electromagnetism & culture ---
Its a Mans World, And It Always Will Be  / via drudgereport
[quote]  Over the past century, it was labor-saving appliances,
invented by men and spread by capitalism, that liberated women from
daily drudgery. [unquote]
note: there is a tremendous story in electrification of household
and city that someday should become general knowledge because
there is a lot to learn about technology, social relations, culture
through greater understanding of the daily inhabited environment;
(the book Electrifying America by David E. Nye is one such account)
for instance, you could take any appliance or artifact and map it out,
back to previous dynamics, say a ice box compared to e-refrigerator,
or iron heated on fire to electric iron, its relation to laundry room of
washing machine and dryer. how these effected social roles, etc.
e.g. electrical desk light, radio, computer, home alarm systems.
note also: importance of certain items connected to ecosystems,
say alarm system with external security monitoring and police. the
relations be mapped out via typology: tools, buildings, and systems.
in architecture a big event was the geometric relation in the kitchen
between sink, refrigerator and stove in a triangular arrangement...
Kitchen work triangle
it should also be mentioned that this type of 'feedback' is potentially
possible and valuable in any work or routine process, where it could
function in more or less efficient or effective ways. and this can be
connected to individual lives or managerial issues within companies
that either allow for such local perspective or seek a top-down model
where the viewpoint and ideas only originate from a given vantage,
and this could distinguish an intelligent and adaptive organization
from a rigid approach that is stuck in time and ultimately overtaken
by others innovation- thus relation of processes and functioning
with business philosophy, application of principles, their mediation
that can have economic, social, political effects, un-shared beliefs, &c.
(for instance, a worker in a production process has insight into how it
is and is not effective and can offer feedback for tweaks, improvement
or not allowing this and having that inefficiency/ineffectiveness built-in
and then normalized, including as relational ideology, that can limit the
engagement with the situation or force disengagement, detachment.
in other word, testable hypotheses of flow and routine functioning or
are these unquestioned and enforced to uphold given social relation)
likewise, what may appear only commonsense today - having enough
room to maneuver in the kitchen and use appliances effectively - can
extend as a conceptual question into the present and future day, such
as how the pantry, kitchen, and e-commerce in an automated scenario.
this was part of the idea for the Asperger Management System (AMS),
whereby a home computer system (data furnace) would use A.I. to bid
on restocking pantry, perhaps even in a financial market sense, where
'group bids' for a local community could exist to purchase wholesale,
and so an exchange could develop and suppliers to fill the contracts.
this would then integrate the 'intelligent refrigerator' with pantry,
and then have an A.I. data furnace device manage routine orders,
based on patterns that could include weather, past price history.
and of course a dwelling would need a way to store/allow packages
when people are away from home, to allow deliveries at any time.
note here the vital role of both encryption and security protocols.
(this leading to how existing courier/shipping services function, in
that people can wait all day for an e-commerce shipment to arrive
when instead an e-commerce portal or secure drop box could exist,
and before that, wireless updates when a driver is on their way to
a destination, providing a 30 minute window or lead-time vs. 8 hrs
via wi-fi and network-based updates of when a package may arrive)
Make a contact mic with baking soda and cream of tartar
What If You Could See Your Cellular Network? // via hh
note: this is cellular network only, apparently. now imagine many
if not most online/broadband households having wi-fi turned on,
whether or not in use, HDTVs, printers, audio gear, computers,
routers, at the level of the household. would be interesting to
know # of wi-fi device per, as statistical average then extrapolate.
(great that engineers involved in this art-research visualization)
now what if with GIS and GPS every antenna lease could be mapped
into grid and antenna/radiation patterns mapped locally. such as:
look at schoolkids environment, top floors of apartments, etc.
this information should be open to the public and 3d visualized
"I don't believe in colleges and universities" - updated
[*thing is, if you are not a phone talker, a mobile phone makes little sense
especially if main use would be mobile data, which is made so economically
infeasible, so hostile to lookup of data, the hurdles to just sustain massive
locked-in access prior to any data, removes value of info or turns it into an
extreme luxury only elites can access beyond chained to wi-fi providers,
which is yet another service provider reduplicating access, only for mobile
and only in limited zones, at least in this area. then again: EMF POLLUTION.
basically there is tremendous downside to the entire scheme for citizens,
they get irradiated, swamped by harmful EMFs, yet access is uncorrelated
to this ubiquitous hierarchical covering of the landscape, no useful signals]
[image] "Cross sea" and "cross swell"
--- ze kollider funktion ---
[image]  R. Crumb's A Short History of America  (original)
[image]  Special report: G2 in Crumbland

@_date: 2013-12-17 19:02:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: corektion (re:c4-r3kN.txt (urls)) 
additional correction/repair of perspective anomalies and errors...
.// further CORRECTION: once again clarification is needed regarding a
previous statement. this is both due to my own limits in
conceptualization and writing and also problems of language, when it
is extremely difficult to encompass all possible cases in a general
view without having contradictions. in my latest errored statement,
the mistaken view is quite large and so must be countered with more
information. i do not have the particular language nor have i
developed the understanding or framework for these dynamics as of yet,
so wrote into a realm or beyond a structure already developed and thus
encountering significant failures in approach. i.e. stating that
'concrete is only a detail' in architecture. the problem is that this
is not true in some situations, and also the word/concept 'detail' is
not the correct word for what i am trying to describe though i am not
sure what a better word would be, feature or substructure or element
or component or structure yet none of these likewise fit either.
though of course there are many who could better state the same ideas
within an improved POV with more accuracy and much more insight and
more knowledge of the issues involved.
so my approach is limited. the language also. and i equate it to is
the following mistaken viewpoint about concrete in architecture, in
special cases:  it is to assume that the sand is only a detail of the
beach. and this is largely false. it _is the beach, or a major or
significant element along with sky and water and wind and waves. it is
a major component, not minor.
and yet in most architecture the concrete involved does not take
center stage, it is another component, so it tends towards a larger
assemblage of components functioning together and is not the main
event. many times concrete is dressed by other facing materials,
skins, that shield it from the weather and provide a different facade
than CMU or precast panels and yet there are also buildings that are
just CMUs and precast walls and-or floors/ceilings. though their
significance in terms of the total building may still remain that of a
quasi-detail or more minor component or insignificant beyond just
being a barrier or boundary, such that the language may not be
explored or developed or insightful and may have inert presence, such
that it is more about 'nothing' than 'being'. say an industrial
warehouse with no windows and a simple door on an exterior that is
otherwise all concrete, with a company logo as sign.
perhaps this is not just a detail though it is also not going beyond
certain dimensionality in its functioning, it is basic and not
necessarily interwoven into other themes beyond utility, such that it
provides structure or boundary, security, enclosure, perhaps texture,
color, scale. it may be unwise to compare it straight away with a CPU
enclosure, as it relates to what is inside the box, though to some
extent this can be a disconnection or simple boundary that is already
defined in its functioning in many ways, by default, unless explored
further. and thus building is often differentiated from architecture
as it does not have this additional layer or level of investigation,
inquiry, innovation, questioning of parameters, function, beyond this.
so in some sense it is a big SIN to not have remembered epic examples
to the contrary where concrete cannot be said to be just another
element or, again wrong-worded, only a detail, as this warps its
contribution and conceptual potential that has been explored (most
notably by Le Corbusier and others). a few examples to provide
Notre Dame du Haut
[images] this chapel by Le Corbusier located in Ronchamp, France, is singularly
in concrete, it defied the existing conceptualization of how the
material could be used and likely still does. it is the determiner of
many architectural dimensions, space, massing, light, enclosure,
walls/ceiling, roof, and if memory serves the massive roof appears to
float when inside, even though made of massive concrete. thus the
gravity of the material has been reverse or inverted. this is the
height of aesthetic mastery, the language of architecture through the
medium of concrete. and more, the use of a ship analogy and metaphor,
its significance in architecture, rendered in concrete as the roof. it
is assumed also medieval fortifications which used to have walls of
several feet thick were related to concrete thickness, when such walls
were once foundation and required to be this thick, which continued
into tall buildings such as skyscrapers when supporting several floors
above them, prior to steel and concrete construction. so perhaps those
(correctly stated) details of windows refer to that earlier language
or pattern. further, there was innovation with formwork such that
textures on the formwork would transfer onto the set concrete forms,
thus revealing wood on its surface, as part of a new technique that
was developed by Le Corbusier. and so this refutes any notion of
concrete only as detail. it is the defining feature across many
dimensions and structures, it almost singularly defines the building
beyond its stained glass and wooden pews. completely captivating in
its essence, and this essence is concrete. and it is a deep
connection, deep awareness, grounding within the material as it is
made into form and functions within a myriad of different parameters.
(also, this built organic form (1954) in relation to sculpture...)
Brancusi sculpture Bird in Space (1930-40) or other
consider then another structure...
Sydney Opera House
it is iconic for its form, resembling billowing sails made of precast
concrete. having visited neither of these structures, it appears
likewise a majority of the building exterior consists of precast
concrete panels. thus another example that 'concrete is not just a
detail', which in these cases is an absurd and ignorant viewpoint,
when universalized. it is the major or prime structural component
though also the basis for conceptualization, the medium that is relied
upon and explored to express or develop such a unique language of
form, based upon the specific and unique properties of concrete in its
various techniques and approaches, many of which are invented by
architects for buildings and have never been built before. thus this
is a realm of large-scale experimentation, the limits of construction,
and daring work even.
it should be noted that recently i encountered a reference to this
building which said how beautiful it was on the outside as a concert
hall, yet the acoustics on the inside are or were horrible, and thus
the building aesthetics and its interior programmatic functionality
were not matched- though this is also why acoustic engineering exists,
which can often optimize a space in such scenarios. the difference
here is that buildings in the past, when having a main function like
'music hall' or 'opera house' were designed around acoustic properties
firstly, if not mistaken. and this is not about chance, how sound
exists in a given space in terms of its size, shape, proportion,
materiality, etc. and thus the outside-in approach, versus inside-out
approach, and how this can conflict perhaps most especially in terms
of the present day where 'image-based' buildings have their external
form as the main development or feature and functionality is presumed
to default to a usable correlated equivalency, yet can also be
hollowed out of meaning, superficial, merely about the surface and not
insightful in other realms or other substructures or components. a bit
like a building that is masquerading, and appears one way yet under
the mask is another way. like fancy aesthetic structures that are
miserable to be inside or just mediocre, yet praised for their looks
or drama, yet less livable or even dysfunctional or needy, requiring
high-maintenance, concessions by its occupants, which is its own type
of lost economy or friction that indicates peculiar approaches,
it is hard to convey how central aesthetics are to knowledge yet when
removed of its role as a grounding of philosophy, of shared belief and
truth, values, knowledge, as materialized, it then can become detached
and move into a realm of relativistic babble, greater accounting does
not take place, and images can be deceiving, illusion or manipulations
of the senses.
another realm of 'concrete is more than detail' it is
conceptualization itself is within the realm of Brutalism, a
particular movement or style in architecture...
Brutalist architecture
as should be obvious, my observations are only limited and there are
people with vast understanding who have researched these issues and
who have expertise, though some of this also is intuitive, from living
in civilization and environments where such buildings exist and define
a space, within given parameters. and I have a fondness for a local
example, at least in its appearance, which tends towards fortification
though has also been evaluated as a response to student unrest on
college campuses, an embodiment of the fortification of the
educational system against students and populations, visible in
aesthetics of built form.
Boston City Hall
so in the history books i read that defined a particular shared
consciosuness, this building is one of the main examples. and it is
implicitly 'concrete' in more than detail, it is seemingly in its
conceptual entirety, in that it melds what is material also with the
mental awareness of concrete as metaphor or analogy, as if anchoring
something into the ground, making an idea it into a tangible truth,
via securing of spatial-order vis a vis security or fortress, or
whatever. in that an underlying realm of hostility and unrest or a
different mapping of experience may better be realized or understood
in these more stark forms and encounters, as if the realm of
ubiquitous surveillence maps more readily into these aesthetics even,
then those buildings of high gloss, shiny distracting objects. in
other words, you could probably use this building for military
purposes even, or some such structures, because of their more
fortified nature than all-glass facades, and a more primal or
primitive relation could be established, more natural perhaps with the
social Darwinist/Spencerian survival of the fittest dynamics, if not
even towards a Planet of the Apes retro-futurism of some kind. again,
concrete here is more than the material, it is a larger connected
essence and its language is developed in depth.
Rarig Center for performing arts at U of Minnesota (local example)
so there is a difference in how a medium develops, in what terms and
parameters, what ideas are explored and what conceptualization is
involved. it can be contained, and thus a material could exist only as
a detail in some or many circumstances, yet in others it could become
a major or main event and take on a primary role, and become a realm
of peak inquiry and innovation. this both in terms of language and
geometry/mathematics, of structures and aesthetics, as it relates to
concepts, patterns. or it could be unquestioned and an issue of
utility, relied upon to do once again what has been provably done
before within given parameters. yet to describe all of this dynamic
range within linear strings is impossible and arbitrary, because it is
far more involved, and requires clarification for each and every error
or misconception and thus words words words to seek to repair faulty
frameworks and reasoning that is limited, bounded, to particular
constraints or points of views, etc. and thus this condition of
language could itself be the gap or mismatch with the issues of
existence, the impossibility of accurately relating to what is going
on in its ubiquity and depth within the parameters it exists within,
without being trapped in warped, distorted, and biased if not untrue
or only partially-true statements that then function as communication,
there appears no way to fix this within linear language itself. this
as it relates to code and to programming likewise. it is a trap, ideas
and concepts cannot be empirically developed within words to a degree
of fidelity required to attain 1:1 conceptual models. thus, also,
software ever disconnected from what it seeks to represent in these
same scenarios.
it is the artificial and misleading, false 'nature of things', this
language-based communication about events and seeking to model events
within signs that are linearly described, looped, versus within
molecular dimensional structures - circuits - that can actually
account for all components, elements, details and events in whatever
degree and fidelity they may exist.
one stray example arises repeatedly in my mind about the nature of
architecture as it has become detached from a larger accounting and as
this relates to core principles. it used to be a goal to have a
structure last, to endure over time, as part of the goal. today
instead planned obsolence has taken hold so buildings may stand for
only 30 years before being demolished. consider this in terms of how
it influences design, what issues are addressed and ignored, and how
much material is wasted to continue such an inefficent process that
also stands-in for development as an engine, process, or flow of
activity that circulates money around. in that it is a circuit, how
this functions.
no doubt there is aesthetic beauty in many buildings though what it
often hides is that other issues are being ignored (such as
environment, planning, social relations) and architecture can just be
about the image. perhaps like those apps that can be easily created by
putting various parts together, throwing an interface on a given
structure, yet that is not innovating beyond a particular level of
inquiry or set of relations, which then become bounded, limiting.
the following observation is not to question the legitimacy of
approach for the building in its functioning, which is built like
others by star architects all around the globe. so it is not to single
it out as an example, though it provides a case in point regarding
certain values that are taught of in school that in practice are
seemingly no longer of significant importance...
consider the birds nest stadium built for the 2008 Summer Olympics...
Beijing National Stadium
while of great beauty, there is also great dismay at the material
design involved due to issues of economy. in school they teach you of
surface area, how this relates to heating and cooling of a structure,
and how each and every joint or connection is a potential weakness,
whether for water or rust or expansion/contraction failures from
stress and strain, including between different or particular
materials. how a building is put together and funcdtions over time.
that this is part of its success or failure.
and my immediate thought or reaction really upon seeing this 'visual
structure' was the known extreme maintenance it would require over
time, in having to maintain/upkeep the 'visual structure' via
presumably paint and-or rust protection, for each angled connection
and joint and surface. perhaps it will not rust, perhaps it requires
no painting. yet if it does it is certainly non-trivial as to the way
the building functions over time. unless like most stadiums these
days, it is destroyed after 30 years time.
(in some way the detachment from larger considerations allows this
narrow 'design development' to take place in architecture, it is in
some significant way a form of luxury, yet detached from
responsibility, afforded by ignoring other vital aspects, decadent or
based in excess, disregard for economy beyond economics, as if
architecture is financialization writ large even. the embodiment of a
business philosophy detached from the surface of the earth in its
actual truthful accounting and functioning instead within parameters
of a fairy tale that is never spoken against, to sustain the illusion
or delusion that aesthetics can be primary without also securing their
foundation, connecting it with deeper truth. instead it can be
shallow, hollow, or unsteady, and may not withstand the momentums of
culture as it continues to advance or stall out over time. there is
something of a treachery involved in 'image-analysis' that lacks a
larger framework for its evaluation, and yet this has become the
guiding 'philosophy' of architecture likewise, to which students must
kneel down before such ideas as if of superior nature and awareness
versus cutting corners and in effect, cheating the discipline of its
integrity and substituting it with a lesser set of goals and ideals
that tend towards the profane instead.)
in some ways it seems that code can be like this also. that there can
be structures that are difficult to maintain or upkeep yet are
developed in a way that there is no way to sustain them over time.
tens of millions of lines of code say, that cannot simply be renovated
or simply tweaked or fixed up. it appears almost as if a prevailing
ethos of development both online and offline, in software, hardware,
and material development, processes and procedures as this maps to
business, social relations, and how knowledge exists and moves into a
particular direction, as if a kind of momentum or flow within a given
circuit whose parameters best or most optimally function in this way,
yet may not add up to more over time, and more require a limited or
bounded relation or condition for their existence. in that this
interaction or limited engagement is the nature of the material so
conceived, considered and that another system or material approach may
be required to develop other options that are not preconceived or
pre-wired into the existing approaches and "economical" methods that
can lack the foundation needed to develop cohension in other areas,
shared realms of inquiry, larger modeling or conceptualization beyond
the finite, separate, iconic isolation that becomes based and reliant
upon principles that may function against larger, longer goals, simply
by using existing approaches that have ideological functioning
niner  double  exo

@_date: 2013-12-14 23:02:01
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: c4-r3kN.txt (urls) 
== random ==
this observation arose from a recent conversation about influence
of alcohol on behavior and mood. where someone who drinks can
say things that they otherwise may not, and in this way a given
viewpoint may have a deeper grounding in the emotions that are
not being accounted for, and could be realized or accessed when
decompressing or reaching equilibrium in another phase or state
of awareness, via inebriation. the role of legal & illegal substances
in relation to edge of insight and cultural development likewise.
thus the aberrant statement or communication that may occur
via this communication is not necessarily less truth, only that
it may not be acknowledged or accounted for in the given view
or modeling. thus, a kind of equilibrium or balancing of forces,
or equalization across parameters known and unknown, those
documented and hidden, via inebriation. for instance, anger if
it arises when drinking and hidden rage. or following ideology
and then when inebriated a person letting down their guard &
speaking their mind, etc. in this way, truth and ideas that may
not fit in the given model. and how this could be an influence
upon culture and conformity if removed and this unwitting or
known feedback does not occur, and a rigid view is upheld
as the cultural standard, instead. where this balancing of
forces may not take place due to its prohibition, even, as
this could advantage those managing skewed modeling
and using it to enforce a given approach, and limit any
alternatives because it does not fit inside the mindset
or belief system, and cannot be questioned beyond this.
in this way, sobriety is equated with a higher knowing or
state of being, potentially, seeing more clearly, when if
in its position it is bounded or limited, these areas of
previous feedback would essentially be outlawed and
not addressed, or set up a schizoid state of relation
by denying other dimensions or relations or dynamics,
as if everything is contained with a rationalization even,
versus breaking-through that boundary into chaos and-
or the unknown, or challenging beliefs about what truth
is and where control originates in the cosmic context.
in that there is a limit to what can be determined via
reductionism, though no limit to the belief of this,
which can stand uncorrected, opposed to truth and
greater evidence than what is allowed or sanctioned.
leading to this...
i understand the different interpretation, and did not
adequately define the analogy, well enough to be make
the correlation clear enough. in the book by Ray Bradbury
it is the truth and ideas in the medium of the book that are
at issue, not just books but their use as a transmission of
beliefs, of alternative (non-sober) principles that challenge
the ruling order that seeks to extinguish this otherness
that is essentially culture itself, knowledge, reality. that
is the basis for control over people and the civilization.
what this extends into further in a cryptography context
is that 'crypto' itself may be outlawed like books, not for
technical means to communicate, but because what is
communicated could be _secret and not controllable by
those who seek total control over what occurs in society.
thus truth, another viewpoint shared by people, especially
if counter to corrupt government, could be this fire held in
the container of crypto, and if it is broken by default and-or
corrupted by design, this other viewpoint could never develop
beyond a given set of parameters because those who think
differently are seen as and believed to be 'the enemy' within
a state that has become rogue and functions against its
own people, in order to forever secure its power over them.
in other words: ideas, truth, shared reasoning is the danger,
and if it cannot be safely exchanged without consequence,
losing your job or career or having ideas disallowed and thus
trading in bad thoughts, as if drunken ramblings even, then
through this prohibition of ideas and thinking, as it relates
to grand inquisitor like auditing of any private domains and
whatever "secrets" people may be sharing, then could be
equivalent to peering into the war plans of the enemy and
all of this could be mapped out into a strategy that seeks
to eliminate this risk of unknowns, to uphold empowered
and extending rationalization within a particular system
of belief that aligns with private politics and corruption,
state of hidden dictatorship, and engineering failure so
to sustain the corrupt works as enterprise planning.
in other words, no crypto, no protected boundary for
freedom of expression or freedom of thought/speech,
communication, or practice of religion even, without
hidden judge, jury, potentially executioner via NSA
and others who are like the monster under the bed,
though inside computers, minds, communications.
where did they get the right to enforce and defend
mediocrity, to pursue and extinguish truth that does
not fit into or is opposed to the ruling political ideology,
and to not have any oversight and be given carte blanche
to pursue a political agenda against citizens, a lawless
agenda that is actively oppressing people in civilization,
and seeks to uphold and enforce an unreal, antihuman
viewpoint that is based on subjugation and exploitation.
i mean if the NSA was going around abusing children
and connected with pedophile networks and seeking
to blacklist and exploit people based on porn habits
or enforcing a no-masturbation rule by "government",
that would be a pretty important insider story, no?
those are the politics also involved in these questions,
the kind of substitute culture that can at once uphold
an unrealistic worldview only to use this for exploitation.
that is what happens in situations of corruption, and in
situations of total corruption, it is institutionalized and
made mainstream yet cannot be communicated about.
so if the crypto is non-existent, so too is such reality.
anyone who starts to think can be persecuted by the
criminals and taken down in isolation, and framed as
if just another sinner via the inside-subversion. that is
how books with another viewpoint can offer perspective
otherwise outlawed, so too working cryptography that
cannot be decrypted. without it, shooting fish in a barrel.
i vote those who work at NSA should be made to wear
helmets and uniforms, and wear big 'key' medallions
around their necks, so we know we are totally owned.
(not sure which way the rubber hose prop should go,
if firehose or perhaps each wearing condom bandoleer)
NSA is watching you masturbate!
(the new WPA posters for the sterilized asexual set)

@_date: 2013-12-12 03:04:24
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: catalog A & B (urls) 
Capturing wasted electricity with triboelectric generators
[quote] "Beyond generating power, the technology could also provide a
new type of self-powered sensor, allowing detection of vibrations,
motion, water leaks, explosions  or even rain falling." ...
"They have learned to increase the {power output density by a factor
of 100,000} by applying micron-scale patterns to the polymer sheets.
The patterning effectively increases the contact area and thereby
increases the effectiveness of the charge transfer." [unquote]
(the idea of energy harvesting includes recovering energy from
everyday kinetics, cars driving on roads, people walking on surfaces.
ubiquitous potential energy, how to gain access or tap into latent
energy sources everywhere.  this perhaps a viable approach to engage
the ubiquity if it is ever actually realized and retains its
economics; also- still not understanding how this is related or not to
electrostatics, is it comparable to an electrostatic generator or
electrostatic sensor that registers strain via charge movement,
perhaps at momentary high voltage like a static shock though cannot be
sustained thus about trickle charges, supercaps, those circuits,
perhaps zigbee-like self-sustaining sensor network infrastructures.
would it have potential for clothing to harvest small amounts of
kinetic movement and like charging a cellphone slowly, use longer
durations of time to harvest, attain, store usable current, in normal
Why Transit Riders Give Terrible Directions
"Is cognitive passivity during travel wearing on city travelers'
abilities to create mental maps?"
AlphaPOV: An alphanumeric persistence of vision display
[image] NSA as Ceiling Cat
[image] diagram
What kind of sorcery illusion lets these two blocks be the same color?
== NSA question ==
how to validate this is the real cypherpunks mailing list
and not an emulation on an NSA server? is there any kind
of technical protocol that allows this to be evalauted. is
everyone seeing the same content. or if a mimic-site,
what if the substitute functions as the real list, etc.
in other words: could a person's entire online experience
be mediated through a false perspective WWW universe
constructed by forged sites maintained by the NSA...
and further, is it even possible to be outside control of
the NSA within an electromagnetic context, if targeted.
this involving not only telecom, also nervous system.
CF (collider function):  Harmony in Chaos
Geek Chic Computer Jewelry  // now what if it was functional...
High-tech Jewelry made from Computer & Electronic Components
== note on crypto ==
wondering if a distinction could be made in the realm of cryptology as
with other disciplines whereby there is an existing functionality and
then an edge condition of developing ideas where intuitions may be
pursued, tested, learned from.
i see people in various disciplines working on 'ideas' as part of
their work, whereas the same tasks can be pursued in purely
functional, managerial terms likewise, perhaps involving an existing
mode of operation versus evaluating various parameters or potential
in some sense then, as with art, there are artists who have skills and
can develop their work within a given set of parameters, and others
who may be more abstract and involved in this abstraction at the level
of ideas, questioning of existing presumptions. i relate this
condition and pursuit to 'conceptual art', rightly and-or wrongly,
having only an intuitive understanding of what it involves versus art
historical accounts of what it means and how it is identified.
then, so too with music. there are some who perform and develop music
within traditional or known parameters, and others who test or
question the limits though also in a deep realm of ideas. and this
tends towards 'conceptual music' in my sensibility, because more is
involved than what may be discerned from the aesthetics and it may
take more to understand it as it may operate in different parameters
than what is already known, and may need evaluation within a different
sensibility to access what it involves, which may center on grounding
of ideas or conceptions beyond a given interpretation, model, or limit
in standard approaches.
this then relating also to the rich realm of conceptual architecture,
typology seemingly having a unique role in this (ex. architects
Boulle and Ledoux from the enlightenment era when studying ruins and
the discipline of archaeology began, if remembering correctly, moving
into another realm perhaps tending towards the surreal compared to
existing approaches)...
(note: relation of Cenotaph for Newton and nuclear reactor, containing
fission of sun inside building type, significance for evaluating
landscape, environment, meaning, symbolism)
it is as if 'ideas' and their contemplation was more readily at the
center of questioning, the basis for what is developed, less so than
unquestioned conventions repeated as patterns. and this continued as a
major approach, including Le Corbusier and others, within certain
parameters, though a 'high conceptualization' can be involved in an
activity that in the griops of other practitioners is merely a
functional question that has already proscribed solutions that can be
uniquely or methodically rearranged though perhaps not fundamentally
questioned. so in some sense the fundamentals or basis or foundational
and its basics are secured and relied upon or brought into question
and further tested, experimented with, refined, or moved beyond
perhaps in particular circumstances as a model or approach.
this conceptualization continued into the 1960s (such as Archigram)
into the 1980s though its purpose seemed to be made profane, focused
on the image as a basis for abstraction, and the deeper questions of
architecture ignored for a shallow aesthetic approach that can be
hollow or ungrounded from 'reality' in some significant sense,
detached from issues and people and of a realm of CAD design, as if
architecture is only industrial design, creating pleasing objects or
sculpture devoid of economic, social, political, cultural issues it
involves, its deep meaning and insight, and instead, developing
blindness. this is more anti-architecture, the concept is not about
ideas but about extending an ideology of a particular warped value
system, and so the image is like an illusion of what actual
architecture is, in its greater purpose and mission. not trivial, not
just manufacturing buildings or 'culture' as if a fashion item to be
copied, reproduced as a trend or style, yet that is what it has
devolved to in tersm of its 'ideas', in many or most cases- if just on
its detachment from understanding nature itself and people and serving
these interests instead of designing building as part of a
political-economic flow that aestheticizes an existing and harmful way
of life, yet makes it as enticing as possible. (in this way the
excellent observation of such 'architecture' as pornographic forms, as
introduced by Dr. Elisabeth von Samsonow in The Plasticity of the Real
video lecture.)
i tend to consider this earlier intersection between archeology and
architecture vital for understanding both disciplines in their
interrelated depth, bridging past and future, and asking questions
again in a different context than just a present mode of operation.
thus to question and learn from ruins or evaluate a situation in a
larger context than it may otherwise have due to convention. and it
appears a lot is lost to narrowed conception of processes and existing
functioning that may limit potentials for insight and innovation
beyond the existing boundaries, again due to convention if not
conforming to rules or patterns or models that may already work in the
given constraints or parameters- though these too also change and
transform over time, yet the 'ideas' attached to them do not, and
often approaches can become fixed ideas or conceptions, as if the
world does not change becomes a routine is continued the same, even
while everything is shifting underneath yet may be unrecognized in a
given approach or even denied, to retain a way of doing things and
thinking, beliefs, etc.
so, a potential exists and perhaps it is like basic research of
architecture or a given discipline, where it may not be ready to be
applied or may question fundamental assumptions and this is purposeful
and can be extraordinarily beneficial if it cracks open the
malmodeling that may become standardized as approach, and allow other
development to occur by falsifying given notions or providing
alternative paths or techniques. and yet also, infrastructure can
exist that forbids this from occurring, that limits any such
conceptions, or confines questioning to what amounts to only small
tweaks in the functional circuitry because it is a situation that is
nearly completely controlled and there is little room within for
fundamental changes and an entire system would need to be rebuilt from
scratch to replace what exists, otherwise. and there are dreamers who
do this, and architects who focus on utopia. or modeling of cities.
Frank Lloyd Wright (FLlW) had his vision for the development of the US
which was based on a different approach to city planning,
democratizing it via planning principles if not mistaken, though part
of this was developing a low-cost affordable home (if not made of
concrete), the USonian home, a unit or component in the larger
integrated plan of massive development. Le Corbusier had skyscrapers
and green spaces as part of the Ville Radieuse (my memory is gone
though approximating a general sketch of approaches) and both these
efforts were based on social goals, what architecture and master
planning can effect via focused development. and Arcosanti by Paolo
Soleri is yet another example, building a prototype community with new
building techniques as part of a larger vision that is potentially
counterpoint to the existing approach, and that there is a tradition
of this questioning of existing development patterns and yet it is
also fraught with issues in the realm of ideas as relativism bounds
such inquiry.
for accuracy it should be noted that this innovation in thinking has
basically evaporated from the practice of architecture, it is
completely without support as a research endeavor in the given model
of education and development, as if the technical approach + aesthetic
fashion is the peak sum of its content as fixed-idea, though it is
more a purification of given ideology intimately tied to existing
warped economic, social, political agendas evidenced as "culture" that
is antihuman, against nature, against thought, essentially
anti-architecture as it exists.
so the conceptual potential of architecture, the critical questioning
of assumptions can be lost or drown out by other priorities or values,
superseded by a particular view or agenda that in turn limits what can
be pursued in that domain, as it becomes normalized, made a shared
worlview, institutionalized. yet likewise, detached from fundamentals
edited or censored out of existence given the tyranny of convention or
otherwise, e.g. deceptive motivations.
and so at the edge of development, there could be little blood
occurring because there is no real-stake involved at this leading or
front position. it could be somewhat mundane or basic or commonplace,
detached from significance or risk, and more about continuing to
extend a particular approach than testing, questioning, learning and
pivoting into other unknown or newly discovered realms via discovery,
innovation, invention, failure even and falsfication of beliefs and
approaches. defeat of ideology. instead- there are no ideas,
potentially. just the same old beliefs repeated ad naseum yet without
questioning them again and again, thus to assume their rightness or
correctness through their repetition, no more integrity than that.
thus mediocrity as a type of security even, doing what has been done
as a validation process or confirmation of value, matching a pattern
as pattern and not its truth it must represent. and thus the
detachment, the moving away from what is vital, developing in the
wrong ways and directions towards a false viewpoint and framework, if
not at odds with what is needed. and this all occurs automatically-
especially in peoples minds and thinking, psychologies and relations,
as individuals and groups then combine into organizations, continuing
such efforts.
conceptual architecture is then about ideas. thinking through
architecture, architecture as a model, a medium for ideas. for
communication and relation. the importance of language in all the
above examples, and its fundamental relation to geometry (art, music,
architecture). and this fundamental consideration also involving a
kind of philosophical approach to the questioning, in terms of
research, the basics, fundamentals, foundation of disciplines and
beliefs, techniques approaches actions, methodology. questioning,
debate, discussion, the role of basic research in development, its
application over time via refinement, testing of hypotheses and
improvement of models and approaches. it is not just engineering
and it also involves a larger domain than just a detail, so while
research into concrete may always be ongoing, that concrete sidewalk
technology around for thousands of years since Roman times, the heated
sidewalk or improved wear or illumination or concrete via other
additives to the mixture is not in itself a larger modeling of the
depth and breadth of the question of architecture beyond that narrowed
realm- though can be incorporated into it as a vital detail, and so
definitely is related, though a part of a larger research enterprise,
a larger more encompassing and ecosystem view, where each detail has
its value and importance and insight, yet in the realm of ideas, 'big
ideas' need to occur to frame the big situations, and to limit these
to finite or specific details then bounds what can occur.  it is
equivalent to saying we can build skyscrapers to look like furniture
and if that is all it involves, a vast many other potential realms of
questioning or consideration can be lost in the process as it is
defined and conceived, in terms of what is and is not considered, put
on the table in terms of questioning. for most the skyscraper itself
as a building type has become a default solution, so too the high rise
city as a defacto approach to eco/soc/pol development, yet it is
fraught with vast many problems and creates and solidifies certain
patterns that are ineffective, inefficient, though believed the
correct way because that is the standard, the way things are done
today and how wealth or success has been generated. it is an engine,
in other words, that provides momentum to many industries and
questioning it as foundation could even be heretical. and thus if
questioning is removed, everything works just like a machine. yet a
machinery that is functioning against life, the earth, people,
economics, society, and other dimensions if a true accounting were to
take place beyond the controlled viewpoint that secures this approach.
conceptual architecture potentially could delve into these areas, yet
without support or even vital influence upon these processes, either
for being unrealistic or uneconomical or without existing capacity,
technology, or other limitations that restrict alternatives from
developing. again- the lack of research and its replacement by a
default 'ideology' the indicator that the process is determined by an
existing agenda that does not want to be fundamentally questioned in
its rightness, correctness as method, practice, income-generating
and yet an amazing discipline such as architecture can then lose its
soul, its essence, its insight and become shallow, ungrounded from
reality, and force disconnection through its development which then is
no longer actual or real architecture and instead something else, a
substitute process that stands-in for it as mimic, yet operating
within different principles that confine questioning to a narrow range
of consideration that basically destroys it, the ideas turning to
answered questions, architecture turned against itself, becoming only
a question of engineering, the art of construction being about
decorative buildings instead. though no deep insight into the human
condition beyond an archaeological condition where these forms can be
evaluated, analyzed, as they map to social, political, economic
issues, versus serving people as part of a heightened moral and
ethical obligation, service to culture and its development, not
turning away from it for money or just another career, etc. and thus
'the ideas' of architecture are nowhere to be found within the field
as it exists today, they are instead censored out of it by default of
the existing securing of ideology within institutions as this then is
the basis for further development within constrained parameters of
"design" that has more in common with the particularities of fashion
than wide-ranging investigation into questions and understanding and
development of culture in its highest manifestation, to include the
role of technology and its coherent and innovative integration within
built form, which instead becomes a manufacturers and industry
consideration: "smart homes", etc. this versus master planning of
civilization across all of its dimensions in a cohesive clear vision.
this as context for cryptography, in that there may be a standard
approach via public-key or other security systems in place that have
become normalized, made routine as processes and that assumptions may
readily exist as 'solutions' that remain bounded in given
considerations while there could be more going on beyond the existing
framework or limits of these same systems in practice, when evaluated
in terms of basic research, tweaked or tested or broken, and this
appears part of a vital process of improving and securing
cryptographic systems even. that a basic RD&D process exists already,
though to still question- within what parameters and is it possible
that the existing modeling is based on fundamental assumptions that
could in some way be limited or narrowed and a larger inquiry is
restricted because of these beliefs that become 'assumed truths' via
their restricted boundaries,  as if knowns or certainties due to
history or precedent yet these not brought back into questioning again
(reinterpreting of previous models, as if archeological ruins even,
where new insights may still be available or other approaches
discovered through their reevaluation and testing of assumptions).
it is to question if there may be a distinction made between
cryptography that is operational and active, that exists as an
infrastructure and working system (however rube-goldberg the issues of
implementation, chaos of variability as it connects with
secured/insecure modes), and what may be a more research-oriented
approach, not just into mathematical approaches to cryptographic
modules, and instead potentially further into the most basic realm of
crypto questioning, perhaps at the level of signs & symbols (language)
and how operations function (geometry) instead of an algorithm that is
operational as software approach or methodology, within a given or
existing set of parameters or assumptions that may be relied upon yet
also may be limited or even false in certain instances or deny other
approaches from occurring.
in other words, it is to wonder if there is a realm of 'conceptual
cryptology' that may already exist and yet not be defined or
understood this way, or 'conceptual cryptography' in a more particular
realm whereby these core questions of cryptographic models could be
pursued in their depth- or does the existing institutionalization of
these "ideas" restrict these inquiries due to a forced perspective of
ideology, a particular value system that relates to economic, social,
political pressures that retain a given approach for the good of
institutional control or manufacturing or to keep validating the
static conception, even as it may deteriorate within its 'ideas' made
static, assumed true by their repetition and continual access,
matching the sign equals sign as confirmation of correctness, versus
grounding in this greater depth of inquiry and realm of potential and
perpetual insight, when going back to the source and evaluating the
situation with fresh eyes and minds, in the dimensions that exist,
which could be far more than is modeled or believed or allowed in
existing approaches or functioning.
as with archaeology and architecture, it is to question if
cryptography may have a unique in situ condition at this intersection
of language and geometry, that currently may exist outside its
conceptualization in terms of practice, as crypto is developed
systematically, as it is made into infrastructure via technology,
manufacturing, and extension of these. and here, of the danger of
ideology, answered questions that move towards further falsity, as if
unconscious, when questioning of 'ideas' becomes detached from action
and through further development becomes ever more disconnected from a
fundamental condition of truth than in service to it. and what if this
integrity, securing this foundation of cryptography in truth is
requirement for security, yet given existing parameters could be
ignored in its philosophical dimensions that predate, inform, and give
life to the discipline, yet may not be valued or identified or related
to this way, as it becomes institutionalized or supported, made into
systematic development.
is there such an entity as 'conceptual cryptography' and where does it
begin and end. how might it be different than a primarily engineering
based approach or evalaution or crypto. to what extent is it supported
and operational as inquiry, yet what parameters or domain does it
occupy, including in past times and efforts that map out this
relation, its core questioning. could it today function in non-crypto
domains yet influence crypto development, etc. and thus questions of
the universality and connectedness of patterns, their permutations and
relations, potential interdisciplinary relevance as language and
geometry across mediums.
(if not involving inquiries and in-depth research at the junction and
structural intersection of linguistics and mathematics, and a
wider-range of potential communication strategies.)
[image] album cover
[image] Nelson Mandela & EM aesthetics
== re: Amazon LCD tablet ==
i grew up studying those giant shopping catalogs for Sears and JC
Penneys stores that had inventories of everything in stores and that
could be mail ordered. they were seemingly hundreds of pages thick,
consumer bibles of specific national retailer chains in the U.S. and
for those without encyclopedia, did offer an interesting look into the
development of digital watches as they took over analog, calculators,
early computing, electronic and video games, and then 'electrics'
spanning tools to housewares, various large and small appliances.
when the Amazon Kindle lineup went from e-ink only into a
mixed-category of LCD screens it seems to blur the distinction in
purpose between the e-reader devices and more ordinary tablets that
compete with others, in particular ecosystem-based devices from Apple.
my initial thought was that there were two different categories
occupying a single name of "Kindle" and that they were functionally
very different devices with different purposes.
while it is understood that 'tablets' are a category unto themselves
and need no further justification for existence in an online retail or
software/app model, it struck me as strange that there was not
something more conceptual going on with the Amazon HD Fire devices,
beyond ordinary tablet functionality, at least from what reviews
mention about it in terms of user experience and how it streamlines
access to Amazon services through the tablet UI.
one thought has stuck with me about the potential for this
tablet-Amazon ecosystem relation and it is that this device now
competes with others in a general 'multimedia' tablet category, yet
its real and potential advantage in terms of apps or whatever is its
unique connection to Amazon inventory, which spans multimedia in an
intranet sort of way, perhaps as if portal.
from here, location, in this particular and unique context of
relation between those who access Amazon through such a tablet
interface, it would appear the killer functionality of such an LCD
tablet would be to provide 'catalog-like functionality' in the style
of earlier paper-based approaches, such as the Sears Catalog and
others, though perhaps beyond just existing approaches determined by
web interfaces and into a higher degree of functionality, such that
the tablet actually is the Amazon Catalog in electronic format, in
particular- mail-order format whereby, say, ala Whole Earth Catalog or
Hammacher Schlemmer, you could potentially order anything that Amazon
lines up into its supply-chain, even if for a one-time sale, via such
a massively connected inventory and integrated yet distributed
delivery system.
This probably sounds very bad to some peoples ears in terms of the
impact or effects this could have if suddenly Amazon is bidding on
installing pools in the neighborhood, though perhaps it would be
bounded to certain things like European appliances that are imported
or other high-rated, quality based interactions vetted by a
review-system recovered from the troubles of existing feedback
environments internet-wide.
curated merchandize, then, that is presented in deep categories of
content, with additional information (requiring dimensions of items
from manufacturers, etc) and matrix-based searching functions (using
grids and geometry to search instead of only keywords) that then are
the basis for a _new_design of the Amazon interface that standardizes
the interface and user experience with the available inventory,
instead of relying on existing web technologies to define parameters
for what can occur in these interactions, including variable results.
What this is to question is why the Amazon Fire LCD tablet is
competing in a multimedia category as if just another tablet when
instead it could be 'the Amazon Catalog' instead and while able to
deliver movies, music, book content, that ultimately a programmatic
hierarchy could exist that this is a platform for interfacing with and
accessing Amazon inventory firstly, before that secondary utility,
which allows delivery of online data (movies, movies) though also, and
primarily it is assumed: offline 'content' in terms of sales from its
warehouses and third party suppliers, and thus is the basis for
creating, sustaining, and developing this huge momentum in sales, or
having it operate in more conventional terms, competing as another
tablet in a highly competitive space, and perhaps not having this
catalog-functionality as its core mission to the extent that this is
how the tablet is designed, its fundamental purpose and advanced
functionality, versus just an extension of existing web technology
approaches that leverage an excellent e-commerce experience though
remain heavily defined by what is a very low-resolution 'catalog' of
its inventory, when instead there could be more extensive information
about each item, so that people do not need to research missing facts
or data repeatedly and instead it could be presented as advanced specs
(dimensions, materials, warnings; contains lead, requires widget Z),
that combined with expert reviews or more in-depth analysis could
transform the experience into a research-based activity where all of
the necessary data is in the Amazon Catalog, perhaps not the web
version, but the tablet catalog version that acts like an encyclopedia
attached to extended or other content or dimensions.
For instance, if a product attaches to a table, yet no information is
provided for how this connection takes place or how deep or thick the
table must be, the same item could be ordered and then returned if it
does not fit a particular table. And if this information is not
provided for in the reviews, then orders and returns are the 'feedback
process' that is in effect a negative interaction as a total exchange,
inefficient, and time-wasting for everyone when instead that
additional information which could be known to be critical (no less by
the product manufacturer) could be provided as _missing detail in the
current approach, in many cases, with sales across the online retailer
landscape. It could require several google searches of discussion
forums or downloading PDF manuals to get this information if it exists
or a call to the manufacturer, all that stands in the way between
simply evaluating the item and then deciding it will work and clicking
through the sale. Instead this short-circuit of necessary or missing
information could require dozens of clicks and several searches of
discussion groups looking for answers or clues to what may become a
mystery by default.
Consider then the condition whereby there is lack of basic information
in this entire process, encountered with online retailers and
e-commerce in general, not just Amazon of course. It is assumed when
product data went online, that perhaps nothing new was expected of the
items in the way they were modeled as 'data' in terms of their sale.
Yet for instance this same product was in a store in yesteryear, it
could be touched, evaluated as a 3-dimensional item, and if it
attached to a table the mechanism to do this could be evaluated or a
box could be opened by a worker to help evaluate the device to see if
it actually would fit a particular table or not - prior to sale. And
here is point: the information is available for the person in the
store, though when it is sold online this information may be
non-existent online even though it is a very basic consideration for
its practical and successful use in basic scenarios and everyday
conditions. It is unexceptional to ask such questions in an offline
context, yet when this same questioning occurs in a remote
'catalog-context' or 'online retailer' context often there is no one
to ask or anyone who knows the answer, and it instead is a gamble.
The way this is made to work is by offering free returns, and yet this
also effects other prices and is a structural inefficiency if it could
be solved and such returns unnecessary when they could instead be
avoided, due to an issue such as 'missing information' that is
important to the seller and the buyer, to know enough about the item
at the center of such exchange.
Thus, of various products sold online, consider if they had a more
robust and in-depth data model that consisted of various "dimensions",
and therefore if there were these attachment devices to tables, you
could narrow a search for such items not just by the main category
{tablet attachment}, and instead further by subset details, such as
{clamp to 2-3/4 inches} when others only may only open to 1-1/4 inch
and therefore would not fulfill the criteria.
And so in modeling a particular item or device, as category, it could
be modeled in various subset details that may already occur in areas
like HDTV sets, to some limited extent (a bit too fuzzy whereby false
positives are frequent as with many hierarchical approaches based on,
it is assumed words versus geometric structures based on such
functional details). In some sense it could be equivalent to a limited
'dimensional-search' via matrix, that in some cases may involve
measurement (height-width-depth), color, form or shape, materials, and
other specifics (calories, toxins, requirements). Then instead of
searching from the general to the specific, looking for the needle, a
person could start with the needle, knowing what they usually are
looking for -though cannot find- and located it through geometry of
such data.
In this way, potentially the future of online catalogs in a tablet
interface as it may streamline the process of interaction and exchange
with this data ecosystem of media and other goods.
(concepts: patterns, typologies, variable details, relational structures)
(also, this strategy could be used for other search via structurally
organized -if meta- data as a content or information search via
categories, dimensions, graphs and grid. dimensions, 3- and N-value
logic, set theory, AI interface and interactions. tending toward
'living queries' where, given parameters, search could continue or
map/carto/survey realms, provide reconaissance, report back data
structures, variables. this could be basis for custom data structure
of PC, a model built up over many queries, spanning local-global
structure, heuristic feedback, etc.)
Scientists jump the "air gap" with hidden acoustic networks
== urls via hh ==
(of lithophones and ringing stones... Stonehenge as xylophone)
Researchers reveal Stonehenge stones hold incredible musical properties

@_date: 2013-12-22 22:31:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Vegetation Comsec 
i think this is actually the model for human beings as conceived
in long ago times, though may be mistaken. in the Middle Ages
or thereafter, the nervous system itself was medically illustrated
as a plant, held within the watery container of the liquid body, in
this way, in the abstract, not unlike a jellyfish with mobile ocean
again, if memory serves, perhaps it was Plato who described
also the nature of thought in terms of the brain, its enlightenment,
whereby the roots of the nervous system flower into an open mind
which receives light and nourishment from truth, tracking it this way
as flowers situate themselves according to environment, nutrients
so the idea of 'plants' and ~enlightenment, 'knowing' as this relates
to truth and essentially grounding informational and physical realms,
perhaps some kind of natural alignment taking place, harmonization
that is organic, an aspect of ecological foundation and its circuitry,
potentially then scaled to the cosmos, especially with regard to the
theories of origins via panspermia [1], ye olde mushroom astronauts,
delivering life onto earth via asteroid or comets, seeding the oceans;
in this way, sentience of octopus, dolphins, their social intelligence
and awareness, consciousness, alike with jellyfish, as if homologue
with pre-embedded state of nervous system for humans, in vitro (?)
prior to final packaging of mammalian biped and adjustable thumbs
the idea that all life moves towards higher consciousness and that
intelligence and this yearning motivation for greater truth is life, its
force, the trajectory of the grand design from nano- to macro-scale,
issues of culture, freedom, war, occurring at all scales, to survive,
conquer, for what means and ends, what principles, or darkness if
bounded by the false, those who serve it, obey it as if the master.
here cybernetic feedback likewise at all interconnected levels else
its incapacitation, making the living captive to those ceasing to live,
to grow, to evolve beyond existing constraints, limited beliefs, ideas.
the fix of ideology the danger, wrong assumptions and modeling or
subversion of view and awareness to contain, trap, mislead, control
so the idea of information related to intelligence connected with this
condition of LIFE, perhaps related also to plants and awareness, of
a natural condition of sentience even, perhaps, as biome, as with
the Gaia hypothesis of earth as supraorganism, living entity unto
itself as a larger totality or 'living ecosystem', [2] Earth as being.
i think also the book A Guide for the Perplexed delved into this
area in terms of a progression of life, from mineral to vegetable to
animal to human. [3] if not mistaken, from evaluating the wikipedia
page, the issue of nesting exists in that each higher form of life has
within it those underneath it; thus the human is inextricably related
to the mineral, vegetative, animalistic, of which they are composed,
as this also effects consciousness, awareness, and intelligence [4]
a personal experience about this issue of 'living ecosystems' that
themselves may have a larger awareness or consciousness than
just the part -- say, a forest as a supraorganism that is sentient...
(developed a close connection and friendship with a wild deer and
learned how to communicate with her. then observed behavior in
various settings, role of muteness, listening, scent, wind, shiny
objects, distance, motion, fear, nutrition, locomotion, etc. and
when relocating the deer into a more wilderness environment,
it became apparent how she was one-with-the-environment in
a way that an urban park did not allow, as if in wrong circuitry;
deer can basically disappear within a few feet in a forest, and
be totally silent at the same time as observing you searching
for them or just moving past, through their domain. then in the
effort to communicate, connection with camouflage and trees
and leaves helped realize how antlers are very much like sticks,
and how 'eyes' on trees, openings in the bark, are like those of
deer and other animals watching or monitoring the area, each
connected to the others, as part of a larger connected system.
as if all eyes of the forest even. part of a larger awareness and
knowing this, having this as consciousness, shared circuitry.
in other words the deer is the forest, the forest is the deer,
the tree is the deer, the deer is the tree, a hidden symbiotic
relation or structural connectivity that goes beyond one entity
or one life, and spans across them as a larger, longer relation
as if functioning together, moving in a shared direction, thus
life dependent on other life, in terms of its dynamic circuitry,
then stresses, pressures, motivations occurring against this)
should have also mentioned issues of governance related to
consciousness and intelligence, knowledge and awareness
as they rely on shared structures and foundations (circuitry)
that allow self-sustaining or connected systems to develop
within certain parameters, and thus origin stories of rocks
and minerals connected with cosmological big bang and
development of universe, galaxies, solar system, planets;
this then physics and chemistry, molecules moving into a
realm of organisms, life, and of vegetation and plants, thus
biology, botany, chemistry, horticulture, (if not aspects of
archaeology, paleontology in terms of research & studies),
then into fauna, animals, realm of biology and zoology if
not anthropology, to move into sociology, anthropology,
economics, politics, culture, 'arts', architecture, crypto.
(note here- question of crypto at mineral and vegetable,
not just present-day context of p2p computer exchange)
also note the role of behaviorist science to treat humans
only as animals, lowering their intellectual status via a
limited model of existence to Darwinian framework that
squares humans with apes, not divine entities or origin,
as this relates to loss of empirical truth, logic, reasoning
within society then enforced by universities, psychiatry
in particular, where 'medicine' helps this devolutionary
process occur, in the black arts of political diagnoses
that reverse the alchemical process: lead to gold via
toxic pills that destroy circuitry and the ability to think,
all to uphold a worldview of humans as merely animals,
managed as livestock, routed to holocaust cattle chutes
here, the ideology buttressed by anthropological skulldiggery
and archaeological equivalence, the sociological likewise as
if all are the same, no matter if ascending or descending in
relation to having once previously ascended or descended,
such that apes becoming more human-like, humans more
apelike, humans more humans, apes more and more ape;
and hell, why not reference Planet of the Apes once again
as a context for Lincoln related civil war of said ideology
so behaviorism backed up by 'political sciences' as cult,
as this translates into a dumbing-down and enforcement
of status quo dynamics, moving from human to the animal,
vegetable, & mineral, the more robotic, base the interactions
and so consciousness, awareness, intelligence, communication
becoming less and less overt time, bounded by psychiatric limits
of what that is perceptible is acceptable in given frameworks, the
'brain police' monitoring everyone as potentially out of control apes,
this slavery, contained within a ideology that has become the state,
requires certain beliefs and conformance to illusory representations
and obey is the only option- or else, there goes your mind & body
biome again, people living in toxic realm, despoiled environment
then forcibly adapted to it if not by peer pressure as selection,
the most unfit and mediocre the champions and successors in
wasteland, just follow brain-dead rules of the machine to survive;
(if that does not work, take these pills and start behaving or else;
children as young as 2 y.o. being dosed by psychiatrists to rewire
troubled beings in such a hellhole, killing off any chance of survival
before turning completely bonkers when cerebrum lights all at once,
essentially programming population of mind-controlled psychopaths;
forgot implant antenna, deranged psych pills enough to circuit design)
so peoples in mental institutions often referred to as vegetables,
as with those brain dead in hospitals, else comatose, operating or
existing in a realm beyond. catatonia, etc. as this tends also to a
realm of mootness, or otherness, perhaps related to the autistic,
of a bounded or limited realm where communication is not occurring
yet should be or once did, those somehow is miswired or rewired
and thus the circuits are not connected or integrated to enable
the internal/external relation, as if person trapped inside the self
and how this relates to communication and balancing, processing
of stimuli, how to make sense of what is going on, especially if
living in a frenetic world that does not make sense to begin with
the correlation to this general condition (it as nausea, malaise)
is a Spore-like entity that can function as essentially brainless,
mindless, and make-do and make-their-way in the labyrinth as
if dungeon master granted special powers and abilities. this is
The Beast known as feelings-only, who matches phase change
and state to what is liked and not liked, what makes happy or
sad or mad, mediating existence on these immediate terms
without capacity, depth, or willingness to consider beyond this
quasi-emotional framework, detached from larger grounding in
surrounding truth, such that judgement can be immediate as
to sensory perception, yet also disconnected from the larger
reality, and instead function as delusion state of being and
mistaken awareness. these people become MANAGERS
(a joke here), many times. and compliance to rules, other
beliefs in a too-simple and stupidistic mindset/framework
then orchestrates and elevates the dumb to supremacy as
'true believers' in the warped model, because of its benefits
to them and their kind, without further question or insight;
just following, enforcing, repeating, extending mediocrity
when these types become teachers, in autocratic status-
based hierarchy, 'truth' is legislated by likable beliefs and
those unliked, disfavored, easily censored based on moral
belief in superiority of this lesser and base existence and
way of being and 'thinking' as if a more limited animal, in
that the human becomes a trained ape by such relation,
as it becomes education, career, 'voting', and otherwise
so, choosing to be vegetable, choosing that path, and
communicating or scenting and signaling in that realm,
procreation, spawning more of such kind automatically,
housing, feeding, schooling, refining a given production
to enable such a mindless population to manage us,
the lower then determining actions of those higher in
a realm of functioning, awareness, ideas, capacities;
and because politically correct, illegal to say anything
against this for fear of upsetting those benefiting from it
another aspect is drug culture in the supposedly non-legal
domain though also hypocritically mainstream, thus law
does not apply if favored, yet is used to imprison others
unprotected. professional drug users staying out of prison,
others with any infraction that threaten the state: goodbye
then moralizing about anything from this perspective as if
universal quite problematic, if only for the massive bullshit
factor it involves on a corrupt societal scale, prophets of
counterculture too many to list, though enough shithead
musicians represent into the present day, so it becomes
unnecessary- just turn on media and see the idiots posing
as if enlightened, encultured to wasteland as peak, ideal
instead of base, bottom-feeding, making profit from shit
within this context of counterculture, drug zeitgeist the
counter pendulum to rise of psychiatric and its duplicity,
the structural connection and association with 'new age'
of consciousness, awareness, philosophical beliefs and
questioning of principles, religious, spiritual, every other
so quaaludes and acid trippers reach top of mountain as
Moses' and then fall all the way back down again, repeat
this thousands and millions of times, the more piling on,
and this too a search for enlightenment for many, if not
of destroying the self in order to find the self once again,
the displacement then involving recentering, and a way
into questioning and other way and types of knowing
the problem is that it is removed of its depth, grounding
as ritual and of potential spiritual practice and instead
can function in a realm of the base and profane, and
thus tends towards devolutionary processes rather
than the opposite, indicating growth beyond existing
boundaries, not just in a single realm, though overall,
in the total circuit. for example, you could be in bliss
temporarily yet residing in a shithole for the rest of life
and it may not balance out or move beyond this or
even be able to be sustained, the destructive cycle
where drugs can short-circuit via near-term fixes
for longer-term problems, larger situations beyond
the self, yet drugs can entrap people in their own
smaller worldviews, create boundaries not open up
connections, and rely on synchronizing with sickness
and toxic conditions and become further a part of
its structure, the downward force and momentum,
yet not accounted for this way, taken out of context
that is the bullshit about too-easy enlightenment,
that it is in the pill and not in the self to begin with,
and about access and unlocking and not substituting
a life for a parallel condition existing outside or beyond
it, no longer responsible or responsive to surroundings,
then becoming this ecosystem, eyes and ears of the
drug even, which is the larger point of the vegetative
people becoming cocaine, becoming heroine, they
as if plants, the awareness of 'like=like' then mapping
into consciousness with others and hidden subculture,
knowing who is within a similar domain or functioning
based on subtle clues and intelligence and signaling
who has gone far into the void, who knows what you
know or has seen what you have seen. what kinds of
knowledge, misery, motivations, betrayals, violence,
deceptions. what kind of treachery hangs in the air
as a potential, what parameters or dimensions exist
in superposition that given nearby circuitry could alight
this can be a realm of seers and sages and prophecy,
of intelligence if grounded, connected to ideas, yet it
can as easily lead into babble and vacancy of truth
beyond the illusion, lead astray into further falsity,
and thus how a person is grounded then influences
how drugs effect and their mediation, what results
this could be a healthy controlled practice that is
medicinal and rite-of-passage, or it could lead towards
loss of greater truth or purposes, and people instead
devolving to the drug, becoming trapped, encrypted
in its domain, surrogate yet also societal parasite
doing bidding of forces subhuman, antihuman even
as organisms seek to control and define territory as
ecosystem, the orchid keeping insects alive for its
own good, drugs governing others nervous systems
the plague of their effectiveness is not only in body,
it is also in the brain and mind, where drugs can limit
sensory considerations into a narrow range and thus
'intelligence' can become confined to a smaller world
and view as ecosystem that relies on false constraints
required for the ecosystem to function as it already does
thus institutionalizing what can be inequalities or biases
or injustices to sustain what is a false-consciousness
at the universal level it may be perceived or believed,
in some sense artificial or unnatural, unreal, a fiction
yet inside this circuitry, it may be 'the most real reality'
consider the human entity as circuit, the nervous system
having a spinal column mapping nerves, sensory feedback
of body into brainstem and 'mind', the capital of the column
consider this is a platform for development, and how any
nutrients or vegetation or carnivore activity then influences
this system in its functioning, the parameters it exists and
sustains itself within, in terms of its governance as scaled
to a larger shared relation with others, in structural terms
(ie the state). thus, any atoms and molecules that go into
this feedback-based system have certain functioning that
result in how it all relates, the dynamics of interaction and
exchange, where truth resides and how it is processed,
not totally unlike a pinball game in its tallying of points
so, if eating some minerals, say having water from a
spring, there could be iron in the water that effects how
a person functions, like vitamins, which then programs
certain cells or influences function, say in regard to blood
somehow or various organs that process these nutrients
or manage those parameters as part of total metabolism
water and humans create a circuit. water is a circuit and
humans are a circuit and together they combine. and it
goes into ecosystems, clouds, environment, ground,
such that if the land is toxic the water is likely effected
and thereby the person, even if in trace amounts, as part
of how the larger ecosystem is balanced, finds alignment
and adjusts or adapts or deteriorates in given dynamics,
perhaps a person becomes ill from lead in the water, etc
likewise, leafy greens in a salad as circuitry, food, and
meat, say from a cow, as this relates to how ingredients
used for daily diets effect and are effected by a larger
circuit, of self though also of groups of people, the state
they together compose, and the environment itself as a
part of this relationship, dynamic, in existing dimensions;
how these are or are not accounted for, then, precluding
what is tallied or 'acknowledged' and in what ways, else
denied, say chemicals on plants that promote cancer
via homeopathic approach, poisoning via 1,000 disease
vectors to eventually hit the genocide jackpot over time;
so too, raising cattle in debilitating conditions, injecting
with hormones to negatively effect humans down range,
eating spiked levels of animal stress and pain as circuit,
perhaps losing nutrition though gaining the amplification
of similar disease promotion via chemical absorption
into cells, their malfunctioning, all part of the plan
this as circuitry, toxic ecosystem functioning against
LIFE, devolving humans to livestock yet vegetable and
eventually robots via very same ideology of technique
removed of higher truth than what is politically allowed,
thus allowing social, behavorial, mental-engineering to
head towards this as if nirvana, 'enlightened following'
where greatest capacity is equated with end of cycle
of existence, by way of extinction of human 'species';
and it is legislated no less. how stupid do people have
to be to go along with it, especially unthinkingly, without
resistance or taking it on as a situation... why is there
an absence of intelligence in dealing with the basics
here, why the gap? perhaps everyone is stoned and
playing games on their fucking iphones, using PGP
to complain about how crooked things are, IDFK
and yet enlightened, opinionated, at same time helpless,
pathetic, yet self-righteous as if superior awareness or
knowing while incapacitated and unwilling to take the
leap into the maw of death enough to trust greater truth,
that the purpose is much larger than any person and that
an infrastructure exist, nature itself, to remedy this situation
beyond all the lies, and yet there is lack of faith or belief--
in truth. in logic. in reality beyond a limited warped view
reliant on relativism, the lies and betrayals of education
becoming commonplace as viewpoint, turned against self,
people cannot even trust their own minds, so thoroughly
mistaken and beholden to external validation of what is
so basically, the individual is fucked. the shared set of
people absolutely absent from engaging the situation in
the terms it exists, beyond the self and small groups
that still can rely upon and benefit from the bullshit factor
and various other limits, impeding larger ecosystem truth,
being that is beyond existing boundaries or misconceptions
then it is a time of count of be counted, who is awake
and who is aware and who serves truth and is willing to
make sacrifices and who are those doing it already and
how is this all connected in a larger structural framework,
as it relates individual awareness in varying dimensions with
others, molecular processing of interconnected consciousness
and where does mind meet its embodiment, deeds, not only
words, and at what scale or what limitation, what amount of
self-serving bullshit and privilege versus sacrifice, losing the
egostic framework that requires its own safety to persist,
disconnection from suffering as if above, instead corrupted
and serving self firstly and projecting this outward to others;
unaccounted for, how much betrayed by the psycho-logical,
a great many tells exist for parameters that remain para-
and thus insight can tend towards involution, yet warped
and ungrounded, as if superior knowing when actually less
thus is the nature of the egotist who believes because of
station to know everything, even though wrongly, while
mocking another who thinks they know something, as if
that is the arrogance and an impossible, due to superiority
on these themes then, there are people who journey into
a realm of drugs and document their research, such as
ethnobotanist Terrance McKenna, [5] and this tends also
towards Thompson-Leary cryptography, [6] in that it is not
only the signaling of plants themselves though their effects
within people and culture, which extends this signaling at
human scale and in human dynamics and ecosystems,
that could be sacred or profane, given implementation
though perhaps also more than this: toxic and poison
exists and being able to absorb it can deteriorate not
enhance in the ways believed as if all is transcendent,
or like climbing mountains, leads to heights not depths;
(if living in an inverted world, things may be backwards)
(note here: as with crystals and piezo-sensors as organic
or natural circuitry, the chemical compounds and circuitry
of drugs, both those defined legal and illegal [7][8], as it
relates to how that circuitry, visualized, may correlate with
certain dimensions and parameters of its effects, in that
the different visual structure maps to different systems in
the body and mind, different ecosystems or dynamics.
thus, like a custom programmed IC or microcontroller,
so too Aspirin or Ambien or Acid or patterns delivered.
in other words: where's the message, what is the key,
where is the information, what is encrypted, how is this
circuitry, how does it map, metabolize, transform and
change, positive and negative dynamics, feedback...
and not to forget, all of this as language, its calculus)
principles and intelligence related to horticulture, then,
Luther Burbank's work The Training of the Human Plant
[9] as this could relate to culture, cultivation, the cultic
imagination and manifestation, of ideas and of ideology
if raising the vegetable as higher consciousness and
becoming one with nature, it could also involve loss of
certain critical facilities or awareness in turn, and this
could be a danger for a way of being that no longer is
human, or no longer serves a higher truth than what is
accessed immediately and in proximity to the body
in terms of its likes and agreements and hospitalities,
and a movement away from truth or regression could
occur, and thinking could be turned against itself so
that the lower is again the higher, people in service
to something that is less intelligent, though in this
way, combining with the circuit, ecosystem, fusing
and then becoming vegetable, animal. in terms of
rites-of-passage, this may be inherent, as with an
embryological view of reptile, mammalian sections
of brain as it develops, old brain and new, and yet,
to then situate a self in a limiting framework and
obey its constraints could also be to decouple
from the natural world for an illusion replacing it,
a false consciousness believed as if higher truth
here be witchcraft and paganism and other forms,
cannibalism and other practices likewise that can
operate in such physics though also in exploitation
not recognize or serve other truths, this danger of
losing the human, turning to falsity as power. and
thus 'humans as plants' turns to 'plants as human'
and another framework of ethics, morality, judgement
and ways of being potentially aligned in other terms
thus people occupy these realms, some witchcraft
dark and serving against truth, while others good
and using knowledge of nature and its metaphysics
for life, healing, medicine, the paradoxical condition,
the Caduceus [10] and Rod of Asclepius [11], their
dual-role of sickness and health, the importance of
being able to recognize its value and not outlaw it,
the truth involved, yet to do so accurately, clearly,
accounting for actual conditions and not ideological,
which then infects minds, corrupts intelligence, etc
(a double-dealing War of Drugs that is a hypocritical
onesided takedown of political enemies forbids this
yet exploits the condition to retain silence, or else
the NSA will ruin your life and quicken extinction.
this is how evil gets a foothold in society, becoming
governance, people obeying and serving this falsity)
so, what say you to worshiping mandrake root? [12]
"i'm up for it, do you have coke to go along with it?"
perhaps tending to profane here... people becoming this
drug, its deliverance as plague even, as consciousness
that is skewed and distorted and worms its way further
into culture via principles aligned with toxic dynamics,
becoming ecosystem, way of being turns to nothingness.
the void, a mirror-image of knowing that is actually false,
ungrounded in its symmetrical belief, incorrectly aligned
with events yet not accounting for structural aberrations
and therefore ignorance a basis of such supreme belief,
as if above it all, operating in a realm of higher awareness
when instead a conceit that does not correlate with reality
and eventually, to be accounted for in cosmic ecosystem
what this is to suggest is that, people becoming plants
is a devolutionary process, a regression of intellectual
capacity that returns to feeling-based diagnostics that
can be localized out of other dimensional frameworks
that were once connected, coherent, and correlated
as lies and falsity are normalized, toxic poison of mind
that is shared amongst many can, like invasive species
overtake localities, growing and thriving in place of the
natural habitat, with devastating consequence for the
prospects of life on terms against the ecosystem, or
ecosystem engineered to be against sustaining of life,
these destructive principles of death and hate, turning
people into lower lifeforms, humans as subhumans, as
if only apes or less than this even, judged, sentenced
to death via this insane and evil ideology, this artifice,
unaligned, disconnected, hostile to nature, life, love
then it should be mentioned- turning this into religion...
use of what seems to be a multimeter to diagnose the
human in its electromagnetic circuitry, as lying plant,
though to question Scientology methodology, if this
fever graph is mapping of galvonic skin response or
perhaps 'information' in its vibrational context, as the
circuits would be different, and perhaps another layer
or boundary of interpretation exists between these, in
that non-acoustic acoustic phenomena could be judged
as acoustic, or non-acoustic as electromagnetic yet the
circuits evaluated could be too simple for what is involved
and thus the problem of thinking, of logic and reasoning
in relativistic frameworks that could tend towards rule
of behaviorism _over mind, over higher awareness and
in this way- the rule of language over people, so that
ideas must conform to a given rationalization, ideology
that can be wrong-headed or wrong-minded or of wrong
or inaccurate beliefs yet unchecked as ecosystem and
in this way, mislead or rely on certain 'limited knowing'
versus actual understanding or comprehension beyond
a given faulty framework, where short-circuiting could
be the key to health and not just sickness, correcting
every anomaly leading to forced silencing, versus the
role of sensors, the diagnostic evaluation, clues that
map out circuitry yet not necessarily in their entirety,
the mystery much larger than any parts combined,
when disconnected from ecosystem as if controlled;
the false consciousness default if methodologically
forcing such truth, grounding to the false all too easy,
perhaps the main sickness of institutions over time,
corruption from reliance on ideas divorced from truth
beyond narrowed limits, losing self-awareness while
representing it as if pillar or structure, foundation for
others, symbolic, yet still potentially ungrounded,
the problem of being blinded from believing to know
and yet in this belief, forbidding such awareness
in other words, once again, attaining grounding in
an unnatural or toxic habitat, as this potentially can
relate to lies or falsity, and then 'enlightenment' by
the normalization of this ecosystem relation that
can function in negative, hostile, immoral relations
and dynamics for food, survival, shelter, knowledge,
then going on to represent and replace culture that
was to serve life and now is about serving death and
a certain range of parameters, dimensions, dynamics
that are 'healthy' and 'good' for this diseased condition
and its state of being that is centered on nothingness,
no higher goals than the base and material exploitation
crypto in this context, signaling, as patterns and signs,
symbols and their processing, relations based on these,
correlation between circuitries, issues of competing biomes
and ecosystems, different if hidden ecosystems, ecologies,
different mechanisms and dynamics, as this maps onto
forms, artifacts, events, to be read/written as language,
the correlation of dimensions, shared or unshared, like
or unlike, those who are vegetable-like feeling-based if
not connected with the false world and the oppression,
versus those thinking beyond, into/from other principles-
all of it as circuitry, consciousness, signaling, codes,
crypto, messaging and communications, protocols,
layers, habitat, food, poison/medicine, culture, flow
what is the greater consciousness of the false order?
perhaps the shared lie as it maps to realms of artifice
what is the greater consciousness of truth?
perhaps shared being in the world, truth, live, love
in this way, two entities and existences, information
and its circuits grounding either to truth or to falsity
(the paradox: never beyond a realm of good and evil)
0. [images] humans as plants (visual correlation)
1. Panspermia
2. Gaia hypothesis
3. A Guide for the Perplexed
4. ibid. Levels of Being (equations)
5. Terence McKenna
6. crypto-p.wd
7. The Molecular Expressions Pharmaceuticals Collection
8. recreational drugs under the microscope
9. The Training of the Human Plant (pdf/html)
10. Caduceus
11. Rod of Asclepius
12. MANDRAKE IN PROFILE
13. 12hr-ISBN-JPEG Project

@_date: 2013-12-21 04:15:55
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Vegetation Comsec 
[video] Cleve Baxter - Plants can sense human intentions
(information as non-electromagnetic tuning/induction;
 informational circuits related to grounded truth/logic)

@_date: 2013-12-31 21:59:47
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
it is my belief that 'context is everything' applies to the review
of these same issues and ideas, especially: location^3
consider issues of mass surveillance and mass deployment
of technical means and measures, for saturation potential so
that getting to the target is a non-issue, zero cost essentially
once installed (the role of infrastructure, resolving such issues
by providing a managed platform that readily automate tasks)
consider 'integrated surveillance' tools and capabilities in a
blackbag context. really think a fleet of a 100 tempest vans
exist in every city, or do the economics work against this as
a scalable approach and require instead cellular towers or
wi-fi antennas as a base for such activities to occur. and if
this were possible, would it not be integrated to N-degrees
of capability? consider electronic door locks in a context of
black bag jobs. what if a remote software command could
more easily unlock a car via cellular tower than a person,
and invisibly, (this prior to them driving you off the road in
autonomous or driverless vehicles, exciting future awaits)
so is psychological warfare and other information operations
by default assumed to involve teams on the ground or is it
potentially seamlessly integrated with existing infrastructure
and streamlined as another protocol layer that can or will be
deployed as or if needed, in terms of threat escalation and
what is legitimated in the given corrupt/illegal approach. if
assuming it involves people going from point A to B there
is little likelihood of these activities being deployed at the
scale of mass surveillance, and yet if infrastructure itself,
there is high likelihood or it is probable that they could be
made economical and exist as a potential to be used as
weapons against populations though may only target a
few individuals in the existing context, potentially, thus
0.00001% for more extreme and oppressive measures
may be accurate, in that what is hacked becomes the
person themselves, say via forced disease triggering or
whatnot, as part of this context of hostile surveillance
that in active and passive ways could still be deadly,
just slow drip, over time, versus out-in-the-open where
such attacks could be documented, proven to exist
ystsp  isozo  bxbvi

@_date: 2013-12-31 21:42:21
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
5) another realization upon hearing the 30c3 talk of Jacob Appelbaum
was the 'earth firewall' then indicates that the NSA controls the internet,
and that it is not operating as a subset within it, and instead everything
that occurs is within its domain....
the earlier belief, even in context of Arpanet origins...
    ( "the Internet" (NSA activities) )
when instead, a more realistic scenario in terms of who controls the
technical infrastructure, aka the foundation of cyberspace...
     NSA (the internet)
this makes a world of difference, because then national networks and
technological development occur 'inside' the framework of NSA and it
essentially governs or manages production of equipment, backdoors
installed, and if corrupt, loss of law within that same context that can
and does served warped political goals, attacking political opponents,
dissidents, those against the ruling ideology. technology allowing this.
    NSA (the internet (countrycodes) )
in this way, a corrupt NSA with dictatorial agenda could have established
default control, and enact, develop, extend hidden political organization
via secret or overt manipulations that gain and secure, solidify power yet
which exist beyond law, 'external governance', even within the state itself
    NSA is god, essentially. having rooted earth and its inhabitants.
    // if technical jargon is correct for a non-programmer
   ...and yet does not observe external truth, adhere to or recognize
   shared laws of the state, the US constitution, and other agreements
   that bind the state to its people, in service, versus in exploitation.
in this way, state violence could be automated, mechanized against
populations that somehow believe the NSA is contained and not the
entity doing the containing. like there is an unrecognized role-reversal
by the corrupt entity in a power grab related to hidden, secret US coup
ywips  ispzn   wzqko

@_date: 2013-12-31 21:20:29
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
a few observations related to the video presentation:
1) often hear issues about legitimacy of mass surveillance in relation to
'targeted surveillance' as delineator, whereby legitimate targeting is
afforded to actual threats to the state and its required security measures
that likely involves way more in the realm of reasoning and undocumented
information than people are aware of, to determine whether or not a threat
exists and if such measures are necessary in terms of state security.
thus, surveilling of individuals who are problematic (either as actual foes
- aka terrorists, dangerous criminals, spies - or those wrongly-categorized
though falling into this same catch-all category) yet where oversight or
high fidelity review may not exist and thus reasoning may be weak for who
is targeted along with those who are legitimate threats.
meaning: in the talk the group or category of 'Muslims' were mentioned as
surveillance targets, though perhaps not all of these, yet in relation to
profiling, it would suggest mass surveillance could exist in certain
communities moreso than in others. in that the individual scales into a
group target, the weighting of probability perhaps moving higher in certain
demographic characteristics shared as part of a threat model outline. so
too, activists against business interests and so on, depending upon how
privatized the surveillance model is, what it is being used for, how it is
leveraged for political agendas, etc.
and so oftentimes in the mainstream viewpoint it tends to be that the
targets that tend towards some fraction of 1% of the population are likely
legitimate targets (say, 0.00001%) so that, as an example, a US population
of 314 million people has around 3,139 actual threats that would justify
surveillance measures in terms of their violent activities that threaten to
undermine the state or pursue terrorist actions against the population
(unless false flag engineered, etc).
and here is my contention with this view, and how a category such as
'ethnicity' or 'religion' may indicate there are other potential dynamics
that legitimate mass surveillance, and so it may be a fallacy to uphold
this perspective, that only some fraction of 1% are justifiable for
targeted surveillance and not dragnets over the entire population--
because, what if instead the threat involves an invading force, an
occupation, where the opponent tends towards 30% to more than 50% or more,
so that it could be 150 million people and those they are related to that
require tracking and further analysis. and that this is the more likely
threat model, in certain scenarios, depending on how it is calculated. and
could also exist as a paradox, where 'both sides' use the same or similar
surveillance to track opponents, though with different ends such that the
NSA is not a monolithic ideological organization and could be involved in a
deception campaign whereby there is a 'sandbox' for a pretend-NSA operating
as if the NSA, inside the larger organization and this is the context for
issues of who is surveilled, how surveillance is occurring, state- and
world-level honey traps, bear traps, monster traps, and so on.
in plain sight i think there are conditions of a civil war at world scale
and this is the threat model, and there is rotten surveillance that is
driven by the corrupt state, and a surrogate or pretend-NSA at the helm,
itself corrupted yet also contained, and then another threat model that is
monitoring all of this activity via surveillance at the scale of 50% or
greater of the population, in great and intricate detail, that remains
legitimate. and so, a vast forward strategy yet that is invisible, and a
smaller corrupt forward strategy that will be made visible in its
corruption. (set(subset)) dynamics.
in that this complex approach maps to military strategy of the early into
late 20th century, including the aftermath of WWII and politics of Vietnam
war in cultural terms extended into the present, and in terms of
{superset}, millennia of strategic planning likewise, setting up a false
order in order to take it down in an open-source context of Armageddon.
2) it seems bizarre that NSA activities are confined to computer technology
and there is yet no mention of behavioral dimensions to hacking, including
neurological attacks using em tools and weaponry. in that psychologists,
neurologists, psychiatrists and others vital information to hacking people
who are targeted, to program or force into disrepair. for instance, certain
chemicals can enter into the body via food supply and then be triggered via
signals and electromagnetic fields, activating them via remote switch.
chemicals in food supply then like junk dna that allows such custom
targeting at a distance, say via hostile management of infrastructure,
beyond normal rules, boundaries. the realm of mindwarfare and psychological
war, information operations at the covert level _must be tied to this same
NSA infrastructure manipulation if existing and attacking populations, yet
why is it disregarded as part of this context, why is the very direct
connection between EM tech and EM human physiology disregarded a priori as
an attack vector and not dealt with in the human rights context it should
exist within by default, if made readily aware that such dynamics are
inherent- not anomaly - to this aggressive surveillance, goals of behavior
modification, etc.
3) this leads to the issue of how this technology is fielded. if it exists,
the quickest and most distribributed, efficient route for an eight-mile
distant attack would be the cellular tower infrastructure that already
exists. that would turn it from a manual operation with field agents on
site or locally, to an issue of remote administration of these tools and
their automation, such that any person (tending towards 50% of population
model, say) could be attacked, and that it is not a tiny fraction and
instead every single device that could be scaled to the highest threat
model as need be, and thus whatever tools exist to do this would need to
exist in a context of mass surveillance, not individual cases that are few
and far between, because if that is not the nature of the actual threat,
why would tools be restricted in their use to a less-than-necessary
deployment. and thus automated infrastructure deployment seems probable in
this regard.
4) in this way, so too, neurological weaponry and behavior modification
hacking tools would likely coexist in a similar context if deployed and in
use, much more serious than attacking inert tools and equipment. attacking
peoples - citizens - nervous systems and minds, driving people into ill
health or conditions of psychological/physiological torture via these same
technical means, perhaps a sub-branch of NSA or co-use via CIA special
programs or other military venture, yet hostile to citizenry, operating in
a faulty or infallible threat model, exploited by onesided politics of
hidden  dictatorship and so on. that level of realism does not yet exist
though certainly some measure of these hostile tools exist hidden within
the same infrastructure - deployed and leveraged by the corrupt overseers,
so when will Snowden or other documents enter into the neurological and
other health aspects of hacking, cracking, pwnage, etc. that is, invisible
death squads sitting like chess pieces on the city grid, awaiting orders to
attack via next hostile moves, &c.
ksais   ywios   wpswz

@_date: 2013-12-02 04:42:31
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: audiovisual (urls) 
MIT's Peter Shor explains why he devised an algorithm for a quantum
computer that could unravel our online data encryption
'Electromagnon' effect couples electricity and magnetism in materials
"It has been well known for a long time that electricity and magnetism
are two sides of the same coin. Waves in free space, such as visible
light or mobile phone radiation, always consist of both an electric
and a magnetic component. When it comes to material properties,
however, electricity and magnetism have been viewed as separate
To Settle Infinity Dispute, a New Law of Logic // not _really
note: enormous problems with this. mathematics as if short-fiction.
what if concept/cosmology is being influenced by language framework
(q: is truth bounded or infinite).  hierarchical nesting core of set theory,
numberline in this context, why assumed 1d/2d versus N-dimensional.
issues of bounded infinity everywhere (particle ladder, consciousness),
perhaps zero is issue (empty set?) -- metaphysics seem completely off,
being and nothingess as set relations not grounded in reality it seems.
(note: why three zeroes allowed to diagram infinity as a first question,
what if number line is hiearchical, zero different dimension than 1...N)
Your Next Phone Will Be The Ultimate Surveillance Machine // via digg
The internet mystery that has the world baffled // via digg
Soon, You Might Pay for Everything With a Coin // via digg
[correlation between money and desire. what happens when truth is
separated from exchange, kept outside or removed from it. what is the
guarantee: in  we trust?]
Watch The Idea, the First Animated Film to Deal with Big,
Philosophical Ideas (1932)
Australia's Using Pop Radio to Track Space Junk
[quote]  4 Great Tech Ideas That Flopped // via digg
"The plug-and-play gadget: A spinoff of the PalmPilot called The
Handspring Visor held much of the same attraction as the PhoneBloks.
It was a handheld organizer with a big cartridge slot on the back.
Into it you could snap a range of accessories: more storage, a
GPS receiver, a camera, a cellular transmitter, a remote control,
a Bluetooth module, an MP3 module or a voice recorder.
The Visors were on the market for about four years (1999 to 2003) and
have fans to this day. But clearly, the concept of interchangeable
gadget parts alone isnt enough to start a revolution."
(note: the above article mentions something repeatedly endlessly about
PDA development, that it no longer exists, especially in the context
of the Handspring which preceded and was probably a trial for the
modularity of the iPhone and iPod Touch (a PDA or networked digital
assistant). the Handspring was certainly limited unlike the Apple
ecosystem approach which could expand exponentially and had wide
software integration, and thus the concept lives on in another product
line and its development yet is consistently not attributed this way.)
in-article url: Why Snap-Together Cell Phones Will Never Work
rel. [video] PhoneBLocks
tuning of active exhaust systems (kaaaars)
[video] Siberian Ice Drummers
Hsker D - Hare Krsna
Hsker D - Eight Miles High
Hsker D - New Day Rising
--- ring as platform ---
emfs-cellphone/linear hall-effect sensor, gyro-mapping bt as datalogger
pole-mounted sensor+computer spatio-temp (freq) excavation/stratigraphy
2 axis or 3 axis, nfc/bt, archeo-GRID
SENSOR RINGS - ZigBee comms/authentication - potential
follow on box/device, monitor signal spacetime within map framework
TSCM monitoring of area (radiation, signals, frequencies, etc)
integrated in visual real-time data model
LED carpet turns the floor into a screen (with video)
(note: consider possibility of tempoary maze or labyrinth,
especially crypto or security applications, otherwise invisible)
[image]  ex. electromagnetic aesthetics as context
How Braille Was Invented
(invention, innovation, resistance, tragedy, victory)
Dead Kennedys - California ber Alles
Kitsch Palace : Das Model
This New Polymer Regenerates Large Parts of Itself, Like Lizards Do
Researchers discover roots of superfluorescent bursts from quantum wells
[quote] ...mysteries remained, especially in results obtained at low
or zero magnetic fields. Kono said the team didn't understand at the
time why the wavelength of the burst changed over its 100-picosecond
span. Now they do.  //...
Kono said superfluorescence is a well-known many-body, or cooperative,
phenomenon in atomic physics. Many-body theory gives physicists a way
to understand how large numbers of interacting particles like
molecules, atoms and electrons behave collectively. Superfluorescence
is one example of how atoms under tight controls collaborate when
triggered by an external source of energy. //...
"The quantum well, as before, consisted of stacked blocks of an indium
gallium arsenide compound separated by barriers of gallium arsenide.
"It's a unique, solid-state environment where many-body effects
completely dominate the dynamics of the system," Kono said.
"When a strong magnetic field is applied, electrons and holes are
fully quantized  that is, constrained in their range of motionjust
like electrons in atoms," he said. "So the essential physics in the
presence of a high magnetic field is quite similar to that in atomic
gases. But as we decrease and eventually eliminate the magnetic field,
we're entering a regime atomic physics cannot access, where continua
of electronic states, or bands, exist." [unquote]
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
   

@_date: 2013-12-07 08:13:13
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: infra-org (urls) 
it also makes me wonder, given the insane speed vs. infinitesimal distance
if *information* could operate as a kind of cognitive pressure on the mind,
(as with predictive Random Event Generator (REG) vs RNG where patterns
organize/emerge out of quantum-noisefield) thus corollary perhaps to the
analogy of water pressure for electrical circuits and flow based on pneuma-
tic dynamics in a potentially bounded or closed system). that may enter
into questions of 'where information actually exists', perhaps stored outside
the brain in noosphere as patterns or forms (invisible constellation/structure)
that is referenced or linked to rather than contained within a brain, and thus
boundary of brain vs. mind. same: digital computer vs.quantum processor,
perhaps. thus issue of channeling or tuning into versus as origin of truth.
what if a fundamentally different data model, thus security model, etc.
this conceptualization has the individual person modeled as an antenna,
tuning into various structures based on what resonates, aligns correctly,
what circuits or feedback loops or environments exist. versus machine
of clockwork, rote memorization, and processor speed of read/write.

@_date: 2013-12-07 08:01:12
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: infra-org (urls) 
i should have mentioned i think this is the model for basic consciousness,
as it relates to processing reality, logic, and pattern recognition. closely
related to ideas visually presented in the book:
Space-Time and Beyond: Toward an Explanation of the Unexplainable
authors: Fred Wolf, Jack Sarfatti, Bob Toben

@_date: 2013-12-07 07:55:24
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: infra-org (urls) 
so would this not break the physics model already, of faster than light info,
such that the cosmos may operate on principles beyond those employed.
the comments on the article seemingly indicative of this same scenario,
as if a realm of political science, gerrymandering of physics seemingly.
if a spin could be remotely connected to another, as mentioned in the
article comments, and activated at a distance, could this not function
as a basic switch, perhaps making a relay or gate or some kind or the
ability to send/receive coded messages via morse code (as mentioned).
say, a sequence of spins encoding the alphabet or whatever, perhaps
controlled by a normal computer process yet transmitted/received via
this quantum connectivity (seemingly out of this world then back into it
via vibration, rather than a line of sight acoustic signal, if understanding)
i thought that was the idea underneath the potential for other, hidden
technology embedded in existing systems, that remote relationship
via quantum properties that operate in other dimensionality/structures,
if not beyond lightspeed properties or conceptions, and that it may not
be recognizable in the existing approach or computational paradigm.
such that fiber may not be necessary, the approach to key exchange
or processing may occur in other parameters or functional structures.

@_date: 2013-12-07 06:11:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: infra-org (urls) 
'Spooky action' builds a wormhole between 'entangled' quantum particles
note: i must have it all wrong because would it not be possible to
modify the spin of an entangled pair and have it influence the remote
particle likewise. and thus, what need of wires or fiber to connect
events, if a hybrid remote and on-site quatum processing were to take
place. an ecological or ecosystem context of connectivity in & out of
various structures via different forms of entanglement. what if 1,000
circuit boards shared a split particle and were sent to remote areas,
yet one calculation effected the others and likewise, or perhaps 1,000
remotely-connected processing functions embedded in 100,000 onsite. in
other words what if the processor were not discrete nor connected by
means other than resonance or vibration (perhaps decibels indicates
this as an acoustic measurement for light even). of course i have no
idea what i am saying, though as list fool i must speak such nonsense.
[videos] Sun Reversal of its Magnetic Poles // via hh
SUN ABOUT TO FLIP MAGNETIC POLES  (description)
MASSIVE Solar Burst./Sun's Pole Reversal.  (esoteric)
note: gravity bringing you down more than normal? feeling strange
polarization in your day? perhaps it is the solar magnetic pole
reversal!  as with symptoms of daylight savings time on peoples
routines and schedules, perhaps solar events effect the magnetic
compass within the human body in some fundamental way. anecdote: once
had an MRI, tone-based buzzing with intense Tesla electromagnets that
map out the brain via spinning particles in brain for imaging, so a
particular tone will occur and this shifting of direction within
molecules or by particles themselves can be discerned, via
polarization.  cannot drink caffiene without now having similar
effect, as if a remote satellite locked onto noggin, the molecular
directionality discerned, like wearing an electromagnetic helmet with
invisible wires into the noosphere. perhaps it is only feeling the
wi-fi, though caffeine makes whatever that is apprehendable. now have
a particular method of decaf coffee intake with controlled
micro-caffeine dose as option for a controlled burn into slightly less
out-of-focus tunnel vision. thus when realizing total exhaustion
recently beyond normal levels, and feeling this drag on entire body as
if having walked 1,000 miles tired, it was wondered if that too could
be related to a magnetic reversal impacting nervous system subsystem,
some perhaps more sensitive to these effects. such as the electrically
sensitive who can tell when a new satellite is switched on in orbit,
or for those who tend to short-out streetlights when walking by.
electromagnetism for thought.
Dyslexia's roots traced to bad brain connections
[quote] The authors claim these findings add to the growing
recognition of dyslexia as a "disconnection syndrome".
"What we're learning from functional imaging is that it's not enough
to talk about brain areas; you're always dealing with a network, and
when you've got a network you've got patterns of connectivity," says
Scott. "So is there some way you could restructure that network that
might be beneficial?" [unquote]
proposed water tap turnoff @ NSA Utah Data Center // via drudgereport
Signalers vs. strong silent types: Sparrows exude personalities during fights
[quote] "There is a growing realization in the field that factoring in
personality variables will help solve many thorny problems in animal
behavior, such as do animals signal honestly," said Michael Beecher,
co-author and a UW professor of psychology and biology.
In other words, if a bird knew the personality of its opponent, it
would have a better understanding of when to expect an attack..."
Resident Visitor: Laurie Spiegel's Machine Music
The experimental pioneer's groundbreaking work with computers in the
70s and 80s helped lay the foundation for many of today's electronic
noise makers.
HUMAN BODY RESONANCE FREQUENCIES...  // via helenhall.net
(note the external link to 'Power Standards Lab' titling this as fun
stuff compared to shooting bullets into ballistic gelatin. another
dimension to electronic warfare not yet discussed, how celltowers and
other infrastructure can be used to deliver pain and agony via remote

@_date: 2013-12-08 21:29:01
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
(now i realize i likely misread, strange-read/reply-functioned your post,
not quite or completely grokking the distinction between crypt.crypto
and implementation, separation or distancing of these though still the
relation to nature itself as example appears retained, as if providing
proof-of-concept and demonstration models for how to go about it,w
watching various creatures, ecosystems, crystals, particle dynamics)

@_date: 2013-12-08 20:32:47
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
i am completely intrigued and at once baffled by this, wondering
of Code here is referencing code in a wider generic sense or is
restricted to computer coding as the parameters. the examples
given {whistling, baying} seem both in a realm of music/voicing
and movement {gesture} and these all could be contained within
a context of language, seemingly. or perhaps not, as envisaged.
what has me further curious is if this somehow has linguistics
(as crypt.crypto) advantaged to mathematics, as communication
framework in some wider more open or elusive sense, or as the
conception/conceptualization of what code is or may be if crypto
i am still trying to ground with electromagnetic framework thus
imagining beyond this, as if already grounded, more unknowing
of how to even consider such thoughts or considerations as it
difficult or impossible to separate from the medium involved in
my naive and limited awareness and even less understanding
closest to this perhaps in this not-knowing what might be is
that the cosmos itself is encrypted, as a starting point to
questioning, context for developing technical crypt.boxes
then perhaps DNA as encrypted code of life in this framework,
taxonomy of species and disciplines decrypting the patterning,
securing truth key to unlocking the works seemingly, OZ writer
L. Frank Baum naming electromagnetism as the master key,
wondering if it is actually a blank, then what that implies, or if
parameters exist by which it can be made to unlock access
to new dimensions in which this otherness is more tangible,
maybe a realm exists outside of charge, here not the case
at least in the level experienced or encountered, precorpse
in the necropolis, is everything then only "information", etc.

@_date: 2013-12-08 16:58:02
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
i need to make note of this observation because it has special
relevance for the present situation of shared observation regarding
'information operations' (or other) that occur and-or are analyzed
within a particular context, framework, conceptualization. because
there is a split in worldview and modeling between the animal realm
whereby the sonar of bats or directional navigation of birds become
detached in their EM abilities from similar non-recognized natural
abilities in humans, which are 'off the map' so to speak, in terms
of a general awareness and recognition of similar EM physiology.
in other words, 'the senses' of humans are detached from their
electromagnetic context that would unify a model of humanity
(to be discussed at some later time) with such EM nature and
provide context for both a healthy relation and toxic conditions.
though this remains unrecognized via a political agenda that
prevents such data beyond its protected ideological boundary,
thus effects of wi-fi or artificial radiation (radio, etc) on human
beings is categorized into a realm of personal 'mental illness'
and unrelated to issues of cancer, at the same time EM tools
(nuclear resonance) are used to treat the ~mystery disease.
it is a split between mind-body that is enforced institutionally,
disallowing EM viewpoint while leveraging its onesidedness
against dumbed-down populations, unable to reason within
the warped frameworks about what is going on, because the
cause and effect have been separated, plausibly denied. in a
context of 'information operations' and 'electronic warfare' this
involves a realm of ~supernatural-like events that thus cannot
be accounted for in a non-electromagnetic context or view,
such that it cannot be 'rationally' reasoned with beyond a
realm of forced hysteria, as if dealing with ghosts/demons,
versus technological infrastructure operating in other realms.
thus security, defense, attacks are in a realm of "beliefs"
that are detached from a shared understanding/knowledge
of the environment these events are operating/occurring within,
like magic or witchcraft or sorcery, exfiltrating data and then
using a god-status to manipulate peoples lives - now this is
the power of government that is beyond oversight, law itself.
entire realms of ideological attackers then can be aligned in
such a ~wildwest scenario as if a replay of cowboys/indians,
the model for basic exchange moves towards highway robbery
in this same approach, detached from the actual condition that
exists, unable to speak about it or confirm it, as with physics
that supposedly "define" reality at the material level yet which
are byzantine and disconnected views that disallow reasoning
and observation while seeking to represent, have control over it
as ideology - this massive obfuscation the success of relativism.
so that nothing and only nothing can be discussed and the left
is rest for experts. in this way, silence is enforced via ideology
that is actually _detached from nature yet claims to represent it
and so to the mind and imagination and body of humans, these
as they are detached from the environment they exist within as
this becomes the basis for exploitation, predator/prey relations
at the level of politics of the rogue state, homicidal government.
in this way little can be said or done without being discredited
for going 'beyond the lines' that are dutifully enforced by the
protectors and defenders of the corrupt ideology, this boundary
is what needs to stand, the misrepresentation and malmodeling
of existence so that _reason cannot occur in accurate terms,
mathematics (of zero) and michelson-morley experiment (as
if simple debunk of aether) and removal of the absolute from
all equations, then acting and believing as if this is NORMAL
when it is fundamentally unreal as to shared experience and
observation of known and knowable facts and observations.
instead it becomes about what is allowed via a viewpoint
that can remain secure while allowing other views to exist,
within certain parameters yet truth is lost in this confinement
to a finite, overcontrolled, self-interested, skewed interaction,
whereby "nothingness" continually replaces "being" as the
shared condition, while those administering technology can
further apply and ply their craft and trade against and upon
humans, while humans have no effect on this relationship,
it is a bias that is enforced by dark ages restrictions upon
thought, held within an outdated view, stagnation of beliefs
for hundreds if not thousands of years of knowledge (basic
amber and lodestone fundamentals continually extended,
technologized) whereby even the fact that the atmosphere
itself is full of charge is irrelevant to those whose interest
is in technology, as if the 'data model' for information only
exists in artificial media and not within EM nature itself,
that beings could be interacting and formatted the shared
environment like the r/w head of a harddrive via mind, yet
the considerations never go outside the skull or beyond
the 'expert models' that bound this to the brain instead.
as if people cannot be allowed to think for themselves
or perhaps know far more than "beliefs" of scientists
allow via its enforcement of a corrupt political ideology,
where this bias against accurate human representation
that gives rise and momentum to an antihuman agenda,
a religious belief system that is biased against humans
as this is turned into infrastructure, tools, government.
and at its core is nothingness. falsity, lies. not truth.
it is language games. it is disregard for, exploitation
of logic whereby proofs are unneeded, never checked-
beyond language in its ungrounded condition and this
very comprehensiveness is itself based on absolutism,
where 'it cannot be known' becomes this absolute truth
simultaneously denied by the same political priesthood
whose goal is to mislead, misdirect, to keep us enslaved
in a false worldview, model, "physics" detached from reality
the disconnection of accurate understanding of the mind,
as if we cannot be allow to think or know consciousness
even, outside the scientific technological evaluation within
a biased modeling, then forbids accurate connection and
evaluation with the electromagnetic body, nervous system,
senses, in terms of awareness, reasoning, truth itself as
it relates to information (and security) beyond 'the brain',
and all the senses in their variability as they are unified
and not kept separate within human and other entities.
yet this wholeness is illegal as an identity, observation
is forcibly denied, the perspective directly challenges
the technical and ideological and political advantage of
those using these warped harmful tools and exploits
against the population, to continue their illegal control
over events to the deterioration of earth, its inhabitants
when truth is outlawed there is no way to 'reason' about
such conditions. they are penalized as viewpoints and
this defines a boundary condition or protected threshold
of different values, economic/political/social interests
that separate, some mind and bodies benefit for this
while others must suffer as a result of ongoing deception.
for some it is their security model, this obfuscated realm.
for others, humans, it is the basis for insecurity, torment,
disconnection for action and ability, realism, truth itself
thus reality is legislated away by others who stand in
for the law, on their own terms, for their own benefit
while others must suffer for this to be sustained, yet
if some take on more suffering via self-sacrifice, this
condition could be fundamentally transformed, given
rules of operation changed, hacked, short-circuited
and switched into other circuits, functionality, and
then the situation becomes increasing interesting
worldwide, as unified understanding takes control,
governed by shared service to truth, firstly, finally
  

@_date: 2013-12-14 20:33:28
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: c4-r3kN.txt (urls) 
../correction_regarding; = "last {urls} list", a needed clarification
about applied concrete, its also massive and important role in
reconceptualization. bridges, hi-ways, skyscrapers along with steel,
office parks via CMUs. innovative material- and form-based aesthetics
(its own language or dialect, syntax, grammar, etc). medium for ideas,
shapes ideas, opens up new areas for development & interpretation.
(note: basis for approach of Le Corbusier (aka 'the crow'),
structure/order- 'organizational logic' as parti; and FLlW use of
concrete masonry units and precast concrete as vital to new ideas).
yet architecture is still much more than these things, it remains a
detail, sometimes of major significance other times not in the 'ideas'
involved. sometimes innovative, etc. yet in a larger context or
situation, larger goals and functioning than just concrete itself,
alone, as the variable. in other words 'the ideas of architecture' are
not containable just within concrete, though it can and does have
major influence at certain stages and within specific approaches. its
conceptual innovation feeds into architecture and vice-versa,
symbiotic, including conceptual stagnation due to loss of larger
vision (ideas) and greater purpose at scales involved due to
narrowed_focus(), etc(etc).
Crypto Museum
 The Future
"Modern cryptographic equipment consists of nothing more than a 'black
box' with powerful digital processors and advanced mathematical
algorithms. There is not much to see, and there are definitely no
moving parts. We realize that this is probably where our collection of
historical cipher equipment will end. However, there are numerous
earlier cipher machines and much of this is still undiscovered. 'New'
old machines will, no doubt, pup-up and many side-tracks will be
walked. Furthermore, the history of some famous cipher machines is
still very clouded, leaving much to be researched and much to be
discovered in the years to come.
"On the Crypto Museum website, we have done our best to raise an
interest in historical cipher machines and cryptology in general.
Where possible, we will give as much background information as we can.
Perhaps you too will eventually get contaminated with the Crypto
Virus. If it happens, be careful as it might get under your skin.
August 2010,
Paul Reuvers & Marc Simons
[video] Fully functional loudspeaker is 3-D printed
"Lipson said he hopes this simple demonstration is just the "tip of
the iceberg." 3-D printing technology could be moving from printing
passive parts toward printing active, integrated systems, he said."
Airline Runways renumbered when Earth's Magnetic field shifts...
The Mozart Effect myth: research finds music doesn't make you smarter
(note: headline made me wonder what the difference actually is in
terms of intelligence or ability to think and process information in a
different conceptual framework/model, from those who actually _play
music, to those who are _trained to remotely  reproduce "music", say
musical compositions repeated for 240 years from the institutionalized
cultural canon, versus making your own music, exploring musical
principles versus rote behaviorism that may remove those learning
principles from the interaction, so people as tape recorders in a
context of music playback, repeating someone elses musical learning,
versus developing their own via unique exploration and grounding. the
latter approach would seem to indicate 'new information' models could
develop whereas repetition of preexisting structures and approaches
may limit this to a realm of memorization, for instance. likewise, any
effects from playing music may require longer-term integration to be
expressed as intelligence, years even, as motor skills and new
neuronal connections and pathways take hold, rewiring the brain, and
six weeks is not going to allow this known and basic benefit to be
evaluated. it may be a time of peak confusion, instead, because it is
new knowledge not yet integrated so to test on that is to force its
benefits into a realm of observable tangibility it may not be able to
provide, though may still exist as this inside people, expressing
itself over a longer time.)
Alligators and Crocodiles Use Tools to Hunt, in a First // via digg
Stealth maneuver allows nectar bats to target insect prey
"The results, published in the journal Functional Ecology, show that
the bat's echolocation calls were high in frequency but low in
intensity making it difficult for {'bat-detecting ears' of} the insect
to detect the imminent danger.
Man Walks All Day to Create Massive Snow Patterns // via hh
:-:-:-: Ten books - Vitruvius, recontextualization :-:-:-:
i wanted to substantiate an approach to crypto in a larger context
from its parallel within architecture as a discipline that involves
real-time development based on principles that are shared as a
framework and value system, in other words common consciousness about
a given domain or areas of importance or relevance as this effects
what can or cannot develop.
in the existing late 20th c. worldview my research interests into
electrification as critical to understanding the existing built
environment had no place within the history books. such views are
literally erased, censored from books, both as content though also
imagery, there are few 'electrical poles' in those fashion photographs
of buildings, removing the ubiquitous context of infrastructure, as if
they function in a more pure condition than are reliant upon an
external source of power, light, heat, than 'the elements' of nature
and sunlight. because those are the beliefs, shade shadow mass spatial
experience, pre-electric, communication about experience shared in a
context of 'the senses' removed of their electromagnetic truth, such
that ungrounded subjectivism and indoctrination into a world view is
established and _must be followed to succeed in the systematized view
and training to become an architect, within such narrowed parameters.
to continue to extend the existing ideology in this way.
so it was necessary to find justification for such thinking and
consideration, and Plato offers this in terms of conceptualizing the
state as a body, essentially a nervous system. and then considering
this in terms of its governance. how the individual and group are
established via various principles of relation, what is prioritized,
there were also many fragmentary views from Modernist masters relating
to electrical aesthetics, i think it was Walter Gropius who related
the eyeball to the television set, and Le Corbusier had great interest
in the aesthetics of electrification, generators, motors, turbines.
and so an archaeological aspect, yet not integrated into a larger
framework. so as it happens, this continues to a threshold where
scholar-architects Venturi, Scott-Brown, and Izenour share very
insightful observations about the developing electromagnetic
landscape, to include such aesthetics of infrastructure relied upon
(in the desert no less, for life sustaining a/c and casinos and
signage: essentially OASIS and MIRAGE), in their Learning from Las
Vegas and yet the strong and silent type still does not mention or
investigate the electrical order while certainly referencing it and
including it within the chaos of the built environment in the
photographs taken. and yet, in architectural history, there is
supposedly no precedent, no way to make the case that this
infrastructure is an extension of architecture, of fundamental and
foundational relation as an ordering device within the city grid, its
planned development (ala plug-in city, though originating millennia
ago). and yet there is direct lineage with these billboards along the
highway that cars drive by and signage along busy routes near ancient
cities, the present day is an extension of similar structure and order
over a long span of time. it is part of a language, although it may
become subconscious, mediated in other terms or only indirectly, else
could be edited out as 'not architecture' which is the default
what interested me about this, and i am not sure exactly the sequence
my readings occurred, though in deciding to delve into reading a
classic work of literature, the earliest account of architectural
authority (in the West) in terms of its classical culture and
development, if not mistaken, is that it was unlike the existing
conception of what architecture is, and had a far wider boundary for
knowledge and interpretation that today has been narrowed by special
and private interests in a 'training approach' to office workers than
an educational approach that questioned the parameters of
architecture, beyond a confined technical enterprise that overlaps
aesthetics onto a deterministic approach to answered problems of
culture, society, economic development, and political agendas driving
the development, its destructiveness.
Ten Books on Architecture - Vitruvius
so what took me by surprise is that the architect is speaking of not
only geometry and the proportion of temples and buildings at that
time, based on the classical ordering systems...
(Classical Orders: Doric, Ionic, Corinthian, Tuscan, Composite)
...though also about armaments and fortifications, about the quality
of water in wells (wells that produce black bile or something along
these lines), and various other important areas of knowledge in terms
of buildings and development in their larger realm of functioning,
which today would include areas like environment and defense as part
of this architectural inquiry and area of knowledge- for how
architecture exists and functions. In this way, to understand nature
and surrounding culture, infrastructure would fit into this same
approach, and without it the existing dwellings, buildings, the entire
built environment, cities themselves- do not make any sense because
they cease to function without electricity. A skyscraper no longer
functions in this era without electrical elevators and ventilation
systems, lighting, etc. A home would lose its washing machine, food
storage, communications ability, etc. And yet this vital and basic
information is left out of the equation, removed from architecture as
a viewpoint, which is ridiculous, and not allowed in 'reasoning'
within the schools likewise. In this way the ideas of architecture are
shallow, hollowed out of their meaning for a surface-based
interpretation, which serves a particular oil-based development agenda
the reason this was introduced here is because of ancient principles
now absent within the realm of architecture: approximated as
Commidity, Firmness, and Delight... these principles are often
presumed or claimed to exist for the given approach to image-based
development yet have become signage-only, language game seeking to
misrepresent what is going on, as if more is occurring, higher minded
activity than a base activity under the guise of architecture
Commodity, Firmness, and Delight, or Toward a New Architectural Attitude
(for instance, commodity replaced by anti-economy as 'economics';
firmness by using false foundation and understanding for development,
thus developing ungrounded civilization, and 'bliss of ignorance'
delight while this process is being subverted for ulterior motives).
There is misalignment and misrepresentation and short-circuiting and a
sabotaged detour going on within the ancient_tradition of
architecture, whereby today is functions directly against and in
opposition to these principles, most especially in the area they could
be evaluated and-or acknowledged, within the education system which
instead is ruled by an anti-architecture ideology. against thought,
against action, functioning against truth, grounded reasoning itself.
and then one day recently in trying to remember the above tripartite
concept, the mingling of its present incarnation as Fear, Uncertainty,
Doubt appeared in the fog of my mind, though was rendered as: Fear,
Uncertainty, and Delight, instead. and to me this illuminated this
very closely correlated development, removed of its camouflage, suc
that FUD is the equivalent set of principles by which development
occurs in a context of developing of this insecurity, uncertainty, and
incapacitation of people, most notably through ideology of relativism
and binary views based on biased authority structures and control over
reasoning and feedback.
another sample of wreckage from this same broken brain is that of the
Fountainhead by Ayn Rand, the book and also the excellent movie
(c.1949) with Gary Cooper and Patricia Neal.
there is controversy over interpretation of the ideas involved, though
i think an accurate grounding of observation neutralizes the beliefs,
when truth is the arbiter of actions and not just ego, as if belief in
superior vision is justification for higher awareness development that
others just cannot understand and thus lone geniuses stand alone in
obscurity, which then is how the corruption of the star system occurs
with celebrity architecture and development of 'aesthetic buildings'
are removed from larger issues of economics, societal, and their
political reliance and extension of given systems of corrupt power,
instead of questioning these, and thus in some sense 'the cathedrals'
built represent these values, as if glossy advertisements for a
culture devoid of culture, just about shiny objects and immediate
sensory experience that no longer connects with larger surrounding
issues or has a larger impact on lives than in an ecological negative,
like playing music on the titanic as it is sinking,  yet not
accounting for this part of the situation, as if heightened experience
when instead blindness. the entire system supporting this development,
all students, interning as peasants to upkeep offices that churn out
cultural pablum as if 'high conceptualization' when devoid of this, in
truth. then the conceit of the architect in this domain, as if
knowledgeable of what is going on as if in continuance of vitrivuian
awareness, or mastery within the built environment, when basic
reasoning and observation long ago failed in order to support the
ruling oppressive ideology.
so here is the contrast, the other way of considering this: that the
architect who removes themselves from the process of development as an
individual (i.e. human), then revolves around the issue of identity,
awareness, self-conception. issues of governance, models of the state
from individual to group, such that a 'shared identity' (humans) could
be this same individual and may have removed themselves from the
existing treachery, allowed this process of devolution to occur, and
thus the absence of architecture, its truth, then can be made evident,
the lack of culture in those 'representing culture' as stand-ins,
mimics, of a false order and false reality and false perspective
sustained and relied upon for the shallow relations based on another
foundation or set of parameters: say, base materialism, money.
further, 'the architect' may be assumed to thus be one person, one
individual, yet in this way a shared identity can compose this person,
such that the person is human, and as others are also human, they too
are involved in this condition, via shared awareness and values. thus,
a networking of realization or shared state as it were, via whatever
conceptual scaffolding or consciousness is sustained as entablature,
such that wave-collapse does not occur, and the post-and-lintel
connections between here and there are sustained between human beings.
likewise and vitally important, that 'architecture' is a
meta-condition as exampled by ancient conception that ranges beyond
the existing modeling, yet is fragmented and not integrated as a total
discipline in this way. naval architecture is one aspect,
traditionally, though also computer architecture and other areas. the
principles or even code, common structures, and programming (such
that, for instance, music and architecture are closely empirically
related, and essentially everything is, in terms of aesthetics in
terms of its truth and intelligence), then a wider range of activity
may be occuring as 'architecture' than is accounted for, and yet it
may be the truth of its condition, as certain principles are or are
not observed and served. for instance, serving public interest by
having safe water and waste disposal infrastructure versus relying on
toxic systems that despoil the environment, or stewardary of wildlife
and landscape and environments as this relates to weather and
ecosystems or denying these or exploiting them, say with engineering
weather for political manevering and strategy, and to enact certain
development patterns via forced desertification and manipulating
demographic and other flow patterns, as this can become an illegal
basis for creating and sustaining power, off the books, because it is
not included in the observations or analysis, unaccounted for.
further, that any 'architecture' is not at the hand and mind just of
the architect, though in its *implementation*, involving all who are
involved in its development, relying upon a shared awareness and value
system (truth) else subverted in its conception, communication, and
construction, by sabotage or other mistakes, errors, or misalignments
that weaken it. and thus the coherence in the group action to build
something upon a foundation, and how this is achieved, from idea to
its actualization (just like circuitry in technological devices that
then can break in or out of warranty via poor manufacturing or
deceitful practices baked-in).
it is this myth of completely independent action, that the individual
achieves something in its entirely -alone- that is a clean-room
conceptualization of a process that involves many who are part of the
larger process of design, construction, and development, and that this
'functioning together as one' is in some sense 'the architect' in its
larger coherent state, of shared awareness, continuum throughout the
various circuitry that establishes and sustains relations in their
truth, in the shared direction, moving together towards the same
goals. each person having an important role, each part having its own
importance in achieving functioning of the larger integerated whole.
not just as a machine, as a culture, as an idea though further- a
living idea, a living truth that is shared, that governs, principles
that are not merely referred to and referenced as if authority, and
instead, awareness and understanding that is based within and upon
knowing, a way of being or competency that develops in each as a
unique vantage of the common situation, another perspective yet
contributing toward a total perspective, allowing error correction and
greater accuracy than any single viewpoint.
in this way the people who create the materials are part of the
building process, part of the vital development of civilization and
culture, those who construct buildings and systems and develop this
order are vital for its implementation and have feedback and insight
to offer as part of this process, for how given approaches could be
improved or made more economical or with greater strength or
in this way, this coordinated empirical shared effort of many
functioning as one, to include engineers, designers, craftspeople,
tradespeople, workers, manufacturers, technologists, scientists, and
others, including programmers and security developers --- all of these
people are involved in the 'ideas' of architecture, as it is
integrated beyond narrowed boundaries and considered as a larger
conceptual model of how it actually functions, when accounting for its
various and many details and manifestations and dimensions that must
be developed, designed, built, and implemented correctly and
successfully, for the project to have integrity. to be able to endure
over time and function correctly, versus being designed and developed
to fall apart as today via any number of compromises or unshared
goals, lowered principle.
in other words, the potential exists that 'the architect' is in this
larger scale and framework of shared activity amongst many functioning
as one, and that no single person could feasibly be functioning in all
these domains, (unless extraordinary circumstances of all-knowing,
then all truth would be addressed not ignored in the building process,
tending towards utopia).
this is to suggest that 'architecture' could be occurring within a
wide range of realms that are not yet integrated in a larger
conception, conceptualization, or modeling accurately maps to its true
nature and functioning, its inherent interdisciplinary awareness that
integrates into a cohesive understanding spanning these various
domains. and lacking this, the conceit would be that a person could
know more than a tiny fragment of this immensity and alone be able to
shape all of these forces and meld them into a direction as an
individual, because of their truth, instead of having this be an issue
of 'shared identity' of those like who also relate to the situation in
similar dimensions and together can move towards a given direction as
one entity, diverse and multiplicitous yet organized, gaining not
losing coherence- order. and in this way, perhaps a context of entropy
and ideas, likewise, and security issues involved.
(in other words: it is not ungrounded group ego detached from or
ignoring 'truth' that is this shared momentum as development, nor of
an individual that is part of this. such that each pseudo-work is
considered 'the great work' that amounts to mediocrity, if analyzed
further beyond narrowed boundary. instead, of integrity, foundation
common to action, verified and sustained and modeled in its truth, in
service to it, then each point relating to others, lineage from one
structuring to the next, nodes interconnecting within dimensions, this
awareness, then interactions that build upon this stability, this
accurate understanding and modeling, such that it is a common or
shared development, it benefits the whole and the part and each is in
service to the truth of others who are operating within shared
principles, dimensions, and then learning from others, integrating
views, understanding, awareness, evolving a higher capacity and
improving, optimizing functioning, relation, communication, ability to
operate with cohesion yet still error-correct. what are the rules,
logic, truth, reasoning, falsifiability, the ability of debate to lead
to win-win interactions even while in contest because truth benefits
all through its discovery and development, new social dynamics and
understanding and awareness based on this, difficulties faced
betwixt-and-between as the conflict or friction is extreme, working
through the wrong models or moving through the false concepts or
limitations, breaking things down, pain and agony of not knowing or
having limited questioning and then requestioning, losing certainty,
only to regain basic truth and model for any interaction, governance
versus politics, basic versus applied, novice vs. expert, and role of
learning and literacy and basic questions as the place this
functioning occurs, as people move together towards a higher-order or
dimensional integration, over time...)
== sidenote A ==
note: i am not familiar with the indepth reasoning of Rem Koolhaas
related to ~shopping as a cultural activity though to me it cracked a
nut that opens a new universe of analysis about the actual behavior of
people in terms of material culture, social relations, etc. in that it
provides a context for evaluations on par with anthropology and
archeology, of the present situation.
review: The Harvard Design School Guide to Shopping
so this is meant to provide context for the following ideas... that
is, there is more to gain from a commercial advertisement in its
cultural depth than just a monetary transaction. (this moves into the
business page of daily newspapers as a tally of ongoing applied
philosophy, where business philosophy is the presiding worldview, the
shared communication that most effects the transformation and
development of culture- as ideas. (moreso: ideology though, as many
sacred beliefs are unquestionable and most things occur in such rigid
frameworks, ungrounded from external variables and falsifications, so
essentially protected views that can be and are weak structurally,
though within a bubble civilization seem peak insight).
beyond scaling of unchecked materialism and profit-based onesided
exchange (of beliefs) there can be lots going on in the development of
material artifacts, processes, as these effect social relations,
activities, various detailing of or within culture, in given sets of
of the basic situation then of commerce, exchange, things that are
conceived of, invented or extended, -made-, developed into systems
small and large, then of the corresponding ideas attached to them,
that move alongside the movement of artifacts as they located in
culture, and find their place. as if shards of pottery someday to be
unearthed in various geographies that then matches a common culture
across distances and differences, via such evidence.
then to encounter such an advertisement:
DIGITAL MIND, ANALOG SOUL
rel. [video] Elektron announces Analog Four synthesizer
SOS review
what was remarkable to me, having memory issues, is how research into
a drum machine (a related product on the company site) then led to a
graphic about another music tool that went high concept, into a realm
of big ideas and reminded me of the question i repeatedly wonder about
and then forget, once having known the basic situation....
part of the human nervous system is actually digital and part of it is
analog. and to me this is an important fact about the technological
environment people are living within, especially in terms of sensing
and how coupling with external signals and communications or
exfiltration of biological or physiological information could occur,
if not aspects of remote control over the nervous system via these
same means. and yet as shared view or model of humanity to discuss
ongoing oppressive dynamics in worse-case scenarios- non-existent! not
awareness or understanding except within a field of expertise that is
often politicized, such that there are agendas within professions;
political science -> political medicine -> political neurology and the
next thing you know a drone is flyign overhead and the emg-test you
last had forces a twitch in your arm via EM reflex and you drive off
the cliff. do not need to wait for automated cars to steer you off the
road, it can already happen today, if such systems are 'weaponized'.
what is to prevent such dynamics from existing if they are not
accounted for. and thus this is only one aspect, the danger of not
knowing, yet what may be realized if such a model of the
electromagnetic human was understood or part of the conceptualization
of shared relations, part of the intellectual framework that mediates
the world in a sea of toxic signalling, and what is the limit or
boundary for this happening, (the entire education system for
so a non EM-worldview and non-EM humans existing in electromagnetic
civilization as shared context yet believing the self 'outside' this
perspective for analysis and evaluation, having rationalized and
accounted for activity only in non-EM terms and conceptualization.
sounds like the wrong mathematics of zero again. what is the structure
of the human nervous system, how does this digital and-or analog
circuitry relate to issues of infrastructure, wireless communication,
potential frameworks for consciousness, embodiment, being.
(note: in exploring basic electronics, the category of sensors
fascinated me, especially in regard to common features they share,
such as strain, and their often ~analog nature, as well as a principle
of reversibility in functioning, as if of a deeper symbiotic
connection involved)
(what then does it mean for an all-digital computer in terms of
'processing' or reasoning, versus a hybrid system that matches
functionality of nervous system in its dynamic range)
How brains go from digital to analogue
[quote] We not only saw that nerve impulses are able to send out
signals in an analogue manner, but we also found this could be
perceived by neighbouring nerve cells if located close enough. The
more closely cells are connected to each other, the more information
can be received from the analogue signal. [unquote]
Brain Communicates in Analog and Digital Modes Simultaneously
[quote] Its as if everyone thought communication in the brain was
like a telegraph, but actually it turned out to be more similar to a
telephone, he said. [unquote]
(note: digital as on/off switch and analog as grey-area switch or gauge)
[video]  IS LIFE ANALOG OR DIGITAL? -- FREEMAN DYSON
note: ANALOG IS MORE POWERFUL THAN DIGITAL
(is information that exists outside a computer analog/digital, is a
non-virtual material_artifact and thus matter_itself analog/digital?
is energy analog and-or digital. in what domain is culture occurring
as consciousness, as communication. ideas. where is crypto, only
[excerpt]  II. Philosophers' Distinctions - II.1 Von Neumann
       "The nervous system is based on two types of communications:
those which do not involve arithmetical formalisms, and those which
do, i.e. communications of orders (logical ones) and communications of
numbers (arithmetical ones). The former may be described as language
proper, the latter as mathematics. (von Neumann, 1958, 80)"
Von Neumann's The Computer and the Brain, written in 1956 and
published in 1958, made the analog/digital distinction relevant to
philosophy by claiming that the logics and mathematics of the central
nervous system, viewed as representational systems, must "structurally
be essentially different from those languages to which our common
experience refers" (1958, 82). He has in mind here both natural
language and binary mathematics. [...]
== sidenote B ==
as with crypto basics and possibilities, it is my belief that the
basic breadboard circuit in its actual dynamics has not been fully
accounted for, in that the relation of charge (+/-) including neutral
or  'ground' is not adequately modeled in accurate terms of existence
and instead a structural skew exists that sends everything into a
particular direction. also with crypto that becomes about mathematic
equations and 'beliefs' about signage, than of other dynamics that
exist in the same realm yet whose dimensions may be unrecognized,
ignored, or without value in a given methodology or approach, while
inherently relevant to the core ideas and cryptologic processes. i do
not think or believe the basic circuit has been figured out, that it
remains a question. that the analog digital aspects of the circuit may
be wrongly modeled or conceptualized in the actual terms they exist -
because LOGIC. because of a binary (and yes, thus 'digital' ideology)
approach that favors a certain rationalization as if universal
reasoning when it breaks down at a given threshold or boundary yet
continues on as a 'belief system' in certain assumptions and views
that can be inaccurate or illusory, if not deceptive, false. when the
dynamics between a basic circuit and model of the atom and thus
molecules in which the identical charge relations exist and provide
momentum -do not align or match up- in terms of how they are conceived
and what is going on with grounding (mathematics of zero), such that
"infinity" is made or modeled as if finite, removed from dynamics,
then the potential that is in the realm of N-value is also removed,
made 'digital' as it were even with analog modeling. and it would seem
so too crypto, 'quantum' processing itself seemingly more analog in
the range of parallelism as basis for computation, as a natural
process of equilibrium even, perhaps. and how much of the multi- or
non-linearity of circuitry, its ecological or ecosystem based ~complex
dynamics similar exist in this as a foundational, fundamental context,
firstly, before the digital even develops as a simple on/off switch,
then to represent and model _everything in that reductionist
framework, and claim its signage to represent all that is.
(without accurate logical accounting can such modeling be accurate in
its grounded truth, if this truth is unrecognized or unreferenced
beyond binary biasing and distortion (digital worldview?). how much of
observation is contained or trapped within its warping(etc);)
maybe thinking is not up-to-speed with material interactions, a gap
between models and reality, yet beliefs in accurate representations
that are limiting, based on misconceptions. thus, remove logic
(empirical and error-corrected grounded reasoning) and
electromagnetism, and try conceptualizing computers and crypto in that
context and see what happens. this.
computers are based on _logic, yet a particular kind that is warped
and ideological and is in error as a neutral observational viewpoint.
developing this bias as technological worldview is then enshrining a
false empiricism and vault of the 'digital sky' as consciousness when
it acts and functions against actual consciousness in its ungrounded,
unchecked state, as if 'being' itself. exploitation of this condition
(a kind of magic, sorcercy) tending towards evil as it moves further
and further away from truth and serves and extends the false approach,
what is essentially a shared lie if facts and truth are ignored,
censored, etc. total power, control over a developing system that at
its core is based on error. here, morality, ethics, absence of law
that upholds the false framework as it is institutionalized,
"believed" via leap of faith, ignoring the gap, denying the gap, for
all the material rewards it can yield to its developers. unchecked of
course, forbid from error correction. the representation replacing
reality. the sign becoming truth, that detachment, ungrounded
condition. just like circuit & adam.
(also: quantum computer of people, shared consciousness in parallel
empirical evaluation)
== random ==
1. if prohibition of alcohol = control of speech, as a side-effect,
via behavioral influence, that is, sobriety; what is prohibition of
crypto? control of controversial thoughts and connections, an indirect
form of secondary censorship. Fahrenheit 451 tactics- actual crypto
the fire.
2. if everything is backdoored already, essentially key escrow exists
as the basic situation, instead of having private keys the NSA has a
master key per standard, implementation, other. if this was inside a
known legal framework, that perhaps would be tolerable with oversight,
yet without oversight where tyranny takes over, then everything is
pawned/owned by NSA who could forcibly censor without consequence as
part of a hidden political strategy, etc.
(all tools broken so a crypto scheme can function, leading to all
tools remotely breakable?)
3. question of literature as applied cryptography in
linguistic/typographic model, and also cryptology in decryption
approaches to embedded codes and ciphers, yet perhaps not a strategy
for encryption within ordinary bounded means and measures. are there
in this way two or more distinct approaches, only one that finds
itself in the parameters of computer encryption/decryption as modeled,
and the others reside in a realm of data mining and other statistical
correlations that may function in a realm of cryptanalysis and-or
code-breaking though using different tools and approaches than strong
encryption that currently reigns.
4. is there a unified crypto scheme or is it fragmented and does not
recognize itself in the mirror as its own 'whole' self due to a limit
for this structural-conceptual integration. in this way could
cryptography be schizoid in having two or more parallel systems,
disconnected strategies that function outside boundaries of the other,
and may remain unrecognized. that is, literature/language/linguistics
as crypto versus mathematic encrypt/decrypt schemes, each having their
own ecosystems and boundaries, paths that may never cross or meet
within the given parameters or dimensions as evaluated by the other,
or may exist as unbroken ciphers within other ciphers, encrypted code
within decrypted communications that remains unrecognized due to this
unrelated, ungrounded condition between them.
5. in this way could having 'answers' at the ready (GOTO 2) then
provide confirmational bias that a correct decrypt has been achieved
within a limited view that then becomes foundation for a false
perspective, represented by mathematics. and may a particular
rationalization (GOTO 1) that is enforced as if objectivity defined,
then become the basis for an illusion of mastery or control over
limited dimensionality and observational frameworks, themselves
becoming the basis for an insecure crypto framework (see 1). in other
words, without or banning abberations, then leading to a false
condition of certainty by containing what is or may be uncontainable,
making finite the infinite question and potential parameters into a
'small world'(model); ineffective at best in accounting for actual
crypto, operating.
6. does a hybrid crypto approach exist that remains unrecognized,
whereby both a linguistic even 'literature-based' crypto could exist
alongside mathematical encryption techniques yet remain unrecognized
in the "official" institutional model of cryptography, perhaps even
with a missing cryptological foundation or background, that limits a
realm of computer crypto to a narrow investigation of algorithms and
security inside a bounded, finite domain? (see 3/645)
[image]  A 47-Year-Old Prediction Comes True //  via hh
Keeping the lights on: Mechanical engineer
finds a way to predict cascading power outages
"Each individual component does not know what the collective state of
affairs is," said Mezic. Current methods rely on a steady, abundant
supply, producing enough energy to flow through the grid at all times,
regardless of demand, he explained. However, should part of a grid
already operating at capacity failsay in times of disaster, attack or
malfunctionwidespread blackouts all over the system can occur.
"Everybody shuts down," Mezic said. The big surges of power left
unregulated by the malfunctioning component can either overload and
burn out other parts of the grid, or cause them to shut down to avoid
damage, he explained. The result is a massive power outage and
subsequent economic and physical damage. The Northeast Blackout of
2003 was one such event, affecting several U.S. states and part of
Canada, crippling transportation, communication and industry.
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
1/-12  -12/18   9/2

@_date: 2013-12-19 21:31:24
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: energy harvesting via PVDF - (02) 
okay, so the big surprise for me was that this piezo film
technology lines up directly with an energy harvesting
article from a recent (urls) list. excerpted again below:

@_date: 2013-12-31 22:45:32
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
strange-read-reply function, to paraphrase:
In practice, it is pretty obvious that most practitioners of civil
it is the problem of analysis: focus on the person who takes a gun
and shoots people, not on the pills they were prescribe, the failed
institutions surrounding them, etc. too simplistic, inaccurate model
does not distinguish symptoms from disease, allows it to continue
(lose accurate, empirical logical reasoning, no way to address this,
thus loss of language, no matter encrypted comms, this situation;
because it cannot be modeled or related to in realistic framework,
and thus short-circuits into power games and political engineering,
which is inherently violent and leads to those terms of resolution)
82729   02020  82802

@_date: 2013-12-31 22:34:23
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
re:    99% wrong  ---> judgement ---> 0.01% wrong
this is also how 'masters of the drug war' convict
entire generations to subservience and obeyance via
mass surveillance, a threat of pending prosecution
by the very people who engineered the war of drugs
against their own populations to gain total power
via cutting off, neutralizing generations below them
and using a false and unreal ethical framework to
then judge and prosecute political enemies lists
thus solidifying the ruling dictatorship, OOSOOM
(i.e. drug lord determines drug user bad for society
if they challenge authority, use legal rights, etc)

@_date: 2013-12-31 22:22:04
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
In practice, it is pretty obvious that most practitioners of civil
It seems in practice that there is a relation issue involved in
who judges and determines lawfulness in the shared situation.
oftentimes, the person who judges is actually 'the criminal' and
can "represent the state" and 'the people' though misleadingly,
subverting this relation. such that, a person who exists within
and operates in a criminal way, including relying upon lies as
a day to day framework, then convicts those who may break
one law or tell one lie in their lives or go beyond a boundary
out of principle and larger ethics that question the ruleset
and what happens or appears to is that all the power is with
those who cheat, lie, and steal within the state along with
their accomplices, and that these people 'are the state' that
then judges and determines the fate of otherwise law-abiding
citizens or those who seek to serve its best interests, not least
by enforcing its framework or utilizing its freedoms, testing the
parameters only to find they are not observed, are fiction only
(else, perhaps other more active strategies exist though are
correct in principle, in not adhering to laws that are inaccurate
or overbearing and allow the corruption its continuing power)
what this is to suggest is that the judge-convicted relation is:
    99.99% falsity + 0.01% truth   vs.  99.99% truth + error
(in that the evaluation occurs in a warped framework where
judgement is divorced from its own adherence to truth, via
the same corrupted constitution that allows for this relation)
    99% wrong  ---> judgement ---> 0.01% wrong
and yet this viewpoint (based on power) is itself based upon
LIES and deception, unaccountable to the same rules and
thus is beyond law. and thus it _must show falsity in another
yet never allow this to be accounted for in its own viewpoint
or actions-- which is how authoritarian, totalitarian, and the
secret dictatorship triumph in these conditions, because it
is beyond accountability, it is just about believing in higher
power that is based on lies and opinions, as it filters down
into culture via illiteracy, loss of education, social relations,
normalization of vice, oppression, exploitation, criminality
this is why the state must be abolished, because it has
become thoroughly rotten from the inside out due to the
outdated source code that provides loopholes to oppress
citizens and humans and the planet and animals worldwide
due to loss of truth, and making this lying 'legal' as a basis
for 'shared power' by who shares and is in on the lie, as this
then scales and becomes organization, authority, judgement
fjisw  sosip  wsznx

@_date: 2014-01-15 16:24:57
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: panoptic archive (urls) 
is sharing potato chip discovery worth
retaliatory bombardment by constant
infrasound noise tones - difficult to say...

@_date: 2014-01-10 19:02:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government (addenda) 
(need to clarify this statement so it makes some sense...)
i believe the "success" of the capitalist system based on money
as primary value - from individual scaled up to local/global state -
is an ILLUSION. a fiction that is not supported by facts evaluated
in terms other than money (that is, where money equates w/truth)
an earlier generation benefited by the existing system and then
collapsed. such that, once upon a time a person could get a
decent education, a living wage job, pay their bills, marry and
have a family, own a vehicle, purchase a house (e.g. $10,000
about 40 years ago that today may be $150,000 and upwards),
and then even start a business, or have a thing aka 'a career',
that would be a path towards retirement, relaxation in old age
those who succeeded, especially at a higher rate of profitability
then could support their children and make up the gap, where
school began to cost more money, house mortages needed a
downpayment which parents could pay as gift, or a car would
be purchased as a leg up, especially as living wage becomes
few and far between, college debt balloons, the family unit
collapses thus foundational social relations evaporates, and
yet these weaknesses could be managed by those with such
larger financial connections. and if they - the children - succeed
in this system, it is viewed as the system is working and not
that it is based on subsidizing it within the basic parameters,
via those who have more wealth propping up those who do not
the myth of 'self-made' person then, that hoary arrogant belief
is not only based on a corrupt implementation that benefits a
few people at the expense of the many, structurally, it also is
based on a privilege utilized and extended by those who have
money, as it subsidizes their staying 'within the system' as if
more competitive and fit, morally superior, than those without
such an additional support structure. survival then can largely
depend on existing wealth in proximity to an individual who is
otherwise in a situation supposedly on the level with others,
 and in this way, basic relations and dynamics often involve
string-pulling or behind-the-scenes influence to how various
situations play out, as if ~natural, based on competition or
superior skills or ability, than having one person financed by
a hidden investor and others not, as it whittles away people
who can do more than be subsidized, follow rules, draw in
the lines, not upset investors or risk the support structure;
(so too, 'father figure' as if god, moral, wise, all that bullshit)
it is systematic private tutelage required for the 'capitalist'
system to _appear to work, as it is then represented that
people are independent, pulling themselves up by their own
bootstraps, versus having (really, actually, public) subsidies
(via theft of the commons). so this is to say 'parents' and-or
'families' can provide this over generations, depending also
on exactly how wealthy they are- such that grandparents
can contribute to college via retirement funds or whatever,
stock dividends for a given year- while also checking their
social security because- you know, ~it is 'their money'...
(in such a way that working poor are subsidizing the rich,
and this pressure then increases the yearly livability gap)
at the top of society and the top of this heat of madness is
'superman', the male head of household, whose spouse or
wife -if not yet divorced- has likely sacrificed her goals and
her freedoms to allow this illusion of mastery to develop...
one person's freedoms sacrificed for freedoms of another
(though this also happens on a mass scale). the 'man' is
then the person who "thinks" and "knows" and "decides"
and financial success is tied to his success and abilities;
again, an illusion. divorce an indication this is imbalanced
as a relational condition- spouse as servant or handmaid.
so too entire families can prop up the narcissistic ego of
'the breadwinner' who then conquers society, hunts prey
to gain survival and existence, and then this belief in his
superiority based on success in these defined parameters.
i am good at business- i am a warrior! etc. identity of man
funneled into certain functioning that is removed of goals
and views outside his own immediate need, this privilege
then equated with larger social responsibility as it maps
to the state at large, he is the soldier fighting the war by
pursuing his own self interest, he is the competitor, the
decider, the succeeder, the intellect, the champion of
his own life and those who he supports around him.
the problem is that it is mostly bullshit, based on lies.
that this 'survival of the fittest' is highly rigged, based on
special and unique privileges, corruption, not accounting
for truth, and believing in inhuman values that govern over
social and other relations by default, as if emancipatory,
an ideal model for state functioning, best of all possible
worlds, where it is his world, his ideas, his goals and
beliefs, his interests first, that define, manage, evaluate
the shared situation in his onesided terms and views,
while errors are ignored based on higher authority as if
a godhead, infallible, because 'he' is -history- effectively
so some massive shithead like this then spreads the word
as if simpleton business philosophy is real deal; concepts
like [property] and [capital] and [work] and also [education]
are brought to bear for constructing and relaying his POV...
so this warped privileged, false-perspective then is shared
and communicated about as if _standard, its corruption and
false portrayal and non-accountability then normalized as if
the measure by which other actions are held against, judged
by virtue of 'what works' without calculating it beyond money
[property] to this bastard fuck is having an education and
degree lined up, a wife, a family, a house, vehicles, house,
(probably cabin or perhaps additional real estate), career,
vacations, travel, stuff beyond what any person needs (as
this relates to inefficiency and hoarding of material goods)
others in another generation may not even have a family
structure, they may not attain an education or degree that
allows career or work in field of interest, a living income is
likely not available, they cannot afford a house, they have
no spouse or even social relations potentially, they could
not afford a vehicle, or to maintain it, or insurance, they
may not have enough for food or clothing, they live within
the property of another as renter, they never had a vacation,
they cannot travel, and they fall outside culture due to lack
of access or barriers to participation, and many view them
as leeches and parasites of society for taking _away wealth
from the succeeding and working class, even while systems
that sustain these others or that they function within are the
very cause for this incapacitation and state of degradation
so the very ideology that is judging the 'failures' as immoral
is the reason for this structural condition- its very -success-
and yet this maps to a view that those with money are better
than those without, more virtuous, by natural ability in terms
of competition, versus this situation rigged to benefit some
at the cost of many, while not allowing it to be accounted for
because it is only evaluated in terms of money, not of its truth
'handouts' from the rich to those dependent whether legally or
not, say children of these benefactors of state corruption, then
create the false perspective that these 'citizens' thus subsidized
are actually succeeding in the original parameters and are not
propped up by those who actually benefited the most, and thus
trickle-down is intergenerational from within family bloodlines,
and not outside this private context, unless somehow views of
philanthropy are equated with providing people with a fair and
equal chance of success in competition-- that is not occurring.
instead it is symbolic, to make it appear as if the system works
in its functioning, that its ideological principles and beliefs are
fundamentally 'true' based on continuing -subsidized- successes
this is not 'a little grease in the wheel', this is requirement of
having the grease canister perpetually attached to the wheel
while others must go and function without, a deficit or gap
which structurally and knowingly leads to their demise. this
is the lie, that religious view that cannot be challenged and
such heresy is quickly medicated away as rantings of crazy
persons who are jealous and inferior, greedy, selfish, unkind
thus, a view of [property] if evaluated in this range of potential
interactions, could be a condition of power and mastery, over
others and supposedly over the self (by way of narcissistic ego)
and it can inherently involve subjugation of others to maintain or
sustain this view which remains unaccounted for, whereas these
other views of property are from the perspective of subjugation,
of having these idiot superior fucks gloating about their power
and supporting their weak-thinking genetic herds of monetists
who think society only revolves around them and their needs,
that they are the determiners of value, while truth of this is
not accounted for beyond private limits and beliefs, which
the corrupt US constitution allows as a warped prerogative
entire professions based on this belief system, 'disciplines',
modes of being, this enronomic inflation of shared ungrounded
value held in common, the basis for 'mechanics of property' as
this becomes economists, lawyers, businessmen, entrepreneurs
who benefit from this condition and work to extend it for a limited
shared set they belong to. in this way, the hypothesis that such
corrupt capitalism is indistinguishable from corrupt communism,
that it is entirely materialist, value is based on money, its control
and 'thinking is bad' that does not conform to the belief system,
and can be edited out, censored, destroyed, as if a moral action
this idea of freedom at the cost of others, such that 'equal rights'
are then taken away via this structural imbalance, is what then
legitimizes the false view, that they are free to hold these views,
it is their legal right as enshrined in signed documents and thus
such activity is signed-off-on at the level of the 'unshared state'
what is so absolutely totally crazy about this is that it is modeled
as if a natural system, an ecosystem. though the structural bias
has been normalized as if implicit in nature, such that some must
be unemployed while others do the work or some must live while
others must die off, so that 'the group' succeeds. the problem with
this view is that it is artificial, nowhere in nature is a natural system
likely allowing structural inefficiency to be normalized to subsidize
the 'partial organism'. this is not the bird killing some of its young
so that others can live scenario, given harsh resource conditions.
it is something far beyond that, an ideological compromise that
has become normalized. it is to consider a macro-organism in
such a way that its 'economy' is only measured within subset
relation of the whole, and not the entire entity as this economy
in other words: success of the partial organism or ecosystem
is isolated from its cost to sustain in those terms of functioning
such that it is a false ecosystem, a fake view of involved events
because its analysis is bounded to only 'what works' within the
'partial model' or subset, and not within the larger total society
as organism. and thus 'the economy' that is profiting is based
on the entropic removal of value (truth and money) from a larger
condition, to support and sustain a smaller version inside of it,
yet which is parasitic, requiring failure of the whole system so
that the part can succeed, in this way it is self-cannibalistic
     (public.state (private state))  ===> (loss(profit))
the entropic exchange then removes value, hoards it with the
few, exploits these dynamics by an enforced boundary '(' or limit,
which then is based on beliefs that are beyond further accounting
in their truth, such that 'shared belief' is equated with this 'truth' yet
is not actually so, it is simply a 'shared view' of shared self-interest
of some subset or group or identity, such as man and mankind...
   (human (woman (man (mankind))))  --->  'man' (humanity)
private superman and his ego as shared or unshared thus is able
to rule over humanity, even if the beliefs are not based in truth or
are warped, because of the power of money to force perspective,
shared relations, communications, language into that framework
(thank lawyers for giving the final seal of approval, courts as well)
so when 'men' relate or private shared identities (i dunno, let us
say antihuman homosexuals for instance) then humanity can be
kept out of this 'shared public' interest, and one population or group
and its interests can function against other, via economic means
as normalized, streamlined, made mainstream as if shared value
it is so devious it would have to be planned this way. it is just too
warped to not be evaluated in more realistic terms, and yet-- and
yet... that is exactly what happens. people routinely call up the
iconic signage, the functions and protocols of [property] and can
reference these as if standard, known, shared ideas of a common
view or understanding, not accounting for the variance involved,
and thus in referring to these 'views' or perspective in only partially
grounded ways, it further supports and relies upon the falsity that
they develop and allow, as ideological structures, such that the
views of money are automatically unpacked as interpretations,
foundation for analysis, that is thus friction-free in calling out or
referencing such parameters, without accounting for their truth
in a context beyond linear language, which is the predicament
thus communication and language enforce the falsity by their
continued and automatic use, continuing to repaint the views
anew and afresh as if legitimate, stamps of approval to previous
modeling now detached from realistic accounting for what exists
and held and believed as religion, with faith in these views that
then becomes and is the problem, the righteousness of viewpoint
that can be ungrounded, a false perspective and framework that
does not map to reality and instead sustains, aids the corruption
the ideological view has been expertly engineered- rationalized,
all it needs is to be used, employed and deployed, especially
as if a theory - proven as physical law, versus hypothesis with
error correction where the working-model is readily evaluated
versus becoming dogma, an enforced belief beyond questioning
or challenge. in this way, pseudo-truth replaces truth as value
it gets crazy real fast- think of it, the realm of subsidy extending
from a millionaire class and dependents, quasi new.royal lineage;
the 'representatives' of the state and sports ~heroes alike, icons
of the success of the system -- that it works -- for those like them
(who the fuck would pay to watch commercials? the same people
who pay to watch millionaires play sports in rigged competitions)
this is the success story that supposedly validates the merits of
the capitalist system in its privatization and enclavement, as it is
represented by private wo|man and their demographic kind, this
at the cost of humanity, earth, nature, life, love, sanity, truth itself
only 'economics', 'politics', 'society' divorced from truth could allow
this as a viewpoint, sustaining it as 'shared reasoning' within what
is a highly protected boundary or border -- borders everywhere --
not only in physical though also mental property, gatekeepers of
the mind and thinking, what modeling or viewpoints are allowed,
as this aligns with institutionalized views, ideological, dogmatic,
beneficial to the same expropriating flows of labor and material
and value, while standing in as protesters against this, benefiting
and relying upon the very thing stood against, via this ungrounded
condition, 'shared belief' the delusional interconnection, dependency
and literally- privilege, where conceit and hypocrisy go hand in hand
those people over there making a survivable income are bad while
my survivable income over here is morally superior, because belief
it is all part of the same thing, just more major or minor variations-
the success of the billionaires is the success of college graduates;
it is the same fucking system, the same monetary values driving
the interactions, bringing home the bread. to think otherwise is
delusional, in so far as it partakes in language, communications,
these exchanges in terms outside logical accounting for its truth-
it is the very thing which sustains the ongoing development, that
the terms it exists within as ideologically defined are the foundation
for subsequent interactions-- that this 'history' is not challenged at
the level of core ideas, and instead merely referenced, as another
programming function or call or routine, more oil in the wheels, as it
further fuses materialistic beliefs of capitalism/communism together
as if some kind of liberation, greater freedom, via increased bondage
and reliance upon structures, institutions, corrupted organizations
and shared identities that can be manufactured and manipulated,
subverted as a centuries-old practice, such hidden engineering
'the group' identity, some subset of private demographics, then
directly equates with this oppression- difference as universalized,
the fragmentary as if whole, in its warp and skew and unreality,
and then to mediate situations on these 'shared terms' that are
requiring of further oppression against the common human set;
because people cannot get beyond themselves, they lost their
own truth and identity to culture and institutions defining it for
them in other terms, relations in superficial constructs as if all
about freedom and 'think whatever you like' because it is easy
to just believe its true, no one is going to falsify your viewpoint
in a context of money as the value, the determining evidence
in this way, 'ideas' and 'intellectualism' likewise a trap unless
taken outside the prevailing normalized context. any reference
to security or 'the economy' defaults to this corruption, this
deep structural oppression and subjugation of populations
supported by the false ideas and views, relations and beliefs
then consider being duped, that there is an invading force of
people who have a hostile agenda and are citizens standing
side by side with us, as if fellow citizens yet hostile to these
very 'ideas' and principles that go beyond monetary viewpoints
the mainstream interactions and use of language, communication
favor their agenda by default, and overtime it is the only viewpoint
that can be reasoned in the faith-based system of money-as-truth
that this 'historic' loss of freedom, and 'mankind' as fiction is
also what is allowing this takeover and takedown of the state to
occur, within these same parameters, due to lost accounting for
actual truth in society, replaced by beliefs shared by benefactors
of the system, the subsidization, the privilege, superiority complex
as if natural ability and capacity, not gained by kneecapping others
and locking the gate, ignoring all that because it benefits self first
as privately defined, again, extension of private ego, ~superman
though this warped view subsidized by oppression of surrounding
others, spouses, the public, the future, those without resources
a human viewpoint would quickly resolve this, unless there is a
fight within the self disallowing it, which is thus a schizophrenic
condition of fragmentary puzzlework that is not aligned correctly
enough to get a new model or 'governance' in these terms, then
it is a fight within the self, wo|man or human, as this can flip-flop
back and forth, especially as it relates to truth and money, such
that a condition of superposition exists for how interpretation and
action grounds, in its accuracy, based on what motivations and
structures, the circuitry of existence as mind and body relate
in such a condition of [democracy] where hostile forces exist
as voters and constituencies seek to fortify the corrupt state,
another concept such as [dictatorship] could likewise have a
range of interpretations, based on parameters it functions within
and thus a 'democracy of moneymakers' may require checks-
and-balances of a dictatorship of truth hidden as governance,
somewhere deep within the shadows as backup structure, it is
also a threat if 'dictator-of-moneymaker' was to align with this
'democracy-of-moneymakers' likewise. so even a context such
as mass surveillance, hidden dictatorship, failed democracy,
in their truth could still involve moral and ethical governance in
terms of humans as the shared set. though if an observer is
not evaluated in 'human terms' it is not possible to evaluate
these situations in that larger structural viewpoint, and also
evidence may be lacking to support such a view or belief
until 'people' begin communicating in these more realistic
frameworks, what is communicating and exchanged as views
supports the failed state in its oppressive dynamics and goals.
by standardizing and extending and normalizing the false, it is
giving it currency as if truth, which is validated by its effects, in
terms of profit and money as evidence of its reality, tangibility,
as if money proves things, and also limits, defines this proof
as with property, when someone has ideas for how to deal
with this situation, in the past they may have had a career,
a livelihood. today instead, ideas to 'fix' the corrupt state are
unwanted, ignored, or abolished, instead, such people are
viewed ~mentally-ill for not conforming to the worldview. is
this really the foundation for freedom, and not for slavery?
also, for those most invested in the status quo, they are
more reliant on the lies that structure this mechanism for
their own 'success' and survival. they have reason to believe
because it benefits them most. in this way, the illusion that
they exist in a greater realm of awareness and truth due to
functioning inside the system is an illusion. there are more
lies at the top of this false framework than at the bottom,
where it is more readily observable the gap needed to be
able to sustain the false perspective, viewpoints, beliefs
that is, if truth is value. if money is the supreme value and
virtue aligns with this, then 'greatest truth' would be with
those with all the money, which is the cosmic setup, in
that materialists then congregate together, and can then
be mapped out, dealt with accordingly via future accounting
in other words, the more connected a person is within the
system the more reliant upon lies needed to sustain it and
oppression of others, though this can be left out or removed
from analysis, which is part of the hypocrisy of the privileged
in this way the bane of causes, champions of issues who
then function against these same parameters in human terms
outside the economic model, where money determines truth
it is as if the body replaces the mind as 'governer' and that
physical proof that is materialistic is viewed highest evidence
when instead this is actually accounted for in terms of money,
in these same circuits, though within a shared 'group view' or
belief system - again religion. whatever it is called, Marxist
or Keynesian or Head-start or Obamacare or whateverthefuck
in this way, zombies.culling of populations who do not conform
or submit or shared demographics based within and upon a
shared ideology, this falling into line, following, as if freedom,
liberty, channeling efforts into the wrong circuits, agendas,
and goals, though those which can be mechanized/realized
within the existing false frameworks and parameters, though
not reviewed for their integrity, which then is the basis for easy
subversion, mimicry, camouflage for another hidden agenda
not thinking-it-through at the level of logical analysis beyond
binary then leads to this use of 'emanicpatory ideas' as a
main form of oppression, via group think as institutionalized,
whether alternative or countercult or not, authority-based that
is again 'individual rights' scaled to society as warped universal
the very problem and issue is communication, language, action
in these terms- the very exchange in pseudo-truth allowing the
whole edifice of lies and falsity to be maintained by not going
several steps further, into the depths, to address the structures
involved, the errors relied upon, and therefore these extended,
becoming the basis for interactions, the basis for livelihoods,
yet another brick in the wall, no matter what opinions or views
held, reliant upon the very system, without self-consciousness
or self-reflection or modeling skills or capacity to address and
correct for errors, because society has been made _illiterate
by these very same forces, interactions with self and others,
relations and exchange occurring in majority falsity instead,
shared beliefs as if truth when it just is not this simple
and it is a shared condition, everyone exists in this, as if the
cosmos has fallen in its truth, where truth was never secured
and it is only getting worse and worse, more and more difficult
to continue in the existing parameters, pressures increasing,
and that enormous gap, within the self perhaps and also with
others, every other a unique consideration of dimensionality,
how relations wire or align or do not interconnect. how to go
from existentialist alienation and nausea to shared human
awareness, especially if 'private ego' is the standard POV
a limit or boundary of observers, interpretation existing, this
human view requires comprehension of true nature of self,
a remodeling of relations internal and external, governance
in these terms, which likely already exists yet may not be
primary due to circumstance and prior decision-making if
compass is misaligned or dealing in hostile force-fields to
begin with, which is the default scenario, this detachment
and to mention the hypocrisy of seeking to account for this,
the antagonism of a lost humanity, the very people who do
the most, seek the higher ideals then scrutinized for these
efforts because of the way the circuitry actually functions
is not as believed or perceived in private terms of identity
as shared, subset, perhaps turned into careers, et cetera.
this brutal awakening of the other which is humanity, in
its loss of position and value of the state to the alter-ego
of the self, fallen from grace, delusional and dangerous
at its core there is love, in this securing of truth it is to
redeem the internecine battles by a higher awareness
and understanding that cannot escape tribulations of
difference, opposition, disconnection, misalignment
the economy, governance, social relations could be
based on shared truth as a human value, instead of
money. that could be how justice is determined and
freedom is protected. and within this, love as a value
and principle that has been removed from relations
between people, except insofar as it is monetary
it is to consider perspective, interpretation of observers
who may view the same events yet parse them differently
[evil] actions and [good] actions are variable, relative to
the parameters evaluated within, based on what is of value
for an antihuman materialist who believes money is truth,
the basis for their objectivity, evil actions may map to those
(such as the poor) who take away their money or who they
must subsidize beyond their private frameworks, and thus
rationalized subversion, exploitation, could be believed just
and it could even become a malethical structural of the state,
such that expropriation of resources to the rich set is ~divine,
thus actions like these would be 'good', of highest virtue, etc
whereas if this same situation was evaluated in terms of
grounded truth, accurately determining what is good or evil
would requires accounting for what is evil in terms of its truth,
and what is good in terms of its truth, as concepts, as this
maps to a shared human identity. an evil action could be
viewed as taking away the ability to live from many people
so that only few can live at their expense. good could be
evaluated of those efforts that seek to remedy this situation
though it may be limited by what is acknowledged as true,
what can be recognized, and thus partialness is involved,
as 'truth may not be separated from falsity' (as pT) and
thus 'good intentions' could actually support evil actions
unwittingly, an endless army of trojan horses in civilization,
due to not establishing and securing this logical foundation
beyond the binary, resulting in ideological shared beliefs
that while believed 'true' and 'good' could function otherwise
as the parameters are not adequately accounted for in the
ways they exist beyond limits of relation as conceived or
believed within the shared set, also benefiting enemies.
in this way, 'monetary truth' ultimately can determine what
is true, whether or not it is true, and also presume it 'good'
because it is shared as a belief, as a consensus viewpoint,
as if morality even if for different ends and opposed agendas;
both grounding to the same shared false perspective ultimately
that is how ideology has defeated ideas in their truth, its
currency has more value in the working system and those
who profit from it function as its prophets, extending beliefs,
indoctrinating new disciplines, maintaining false frameworks
at the cost of humanity, a real accurate model of what exists
beyond private ID, accountable to truth as its measurement,
for worth, for value, for relations, governance, exchange, etc.
every human being has valuable insights into this situation,
everyone who thinks and feels has details, views, observations
to contribute to modeling what is going on, from their vantage.
what is required to do this is 'knowing your 1s and 0s' in terms
of logic and probability, this allowing shared empirical reasoning
where truth befits truth as shared structure and scaffolding in a
hypothetical parallel modeling of this shared human condition;
likewise, the truth of the billionaire and truth of the homeless,
both of value. morality likewise, the human good that those
with wealth do and those without, accounting for this, valuing
it, establishing it as foundation, building upon such structure.
(making it possible for thinkers to have sustainable employment
for instance, versus viewing such modeling as without worth to
others, think how this would have decimated previous generations,
think-tankers would not be employed- they would be medicated,
there would be no model for what is going on, and today, this is
the extending situation into the future, an outdated and warped
point-of-view that is inaccurate, the only guideposts available;
unless people are willing to take on the situation and change it,
transform it via shared action, work, support, within these terms)
12-A1A [M]   512-C1B [4]   35-NET [8]

@_date: 2014-01-08 23:45:53
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides (corrections) 
sorry: brain damage. correction for brain-blip misinfo...
so an illusion may exist or
(correction: root of one level may not access root of another)
Hayek, Keynes, Hegel, Marx and others had 'some truth'
mucked this up badly- was not to imply my writing biblical,
instead that 'ideas' become theology, referenced text then
have faith-based aspect institutionalized, structuralized as
shared belief systems. sinning against ideology if going
against consensus in its inaccuracy, all of it corruptible
as ideas in their errored state and within language and
social relations, as it becomes or is ungrounded, etc,
then having this be the basis for exchange, development
i think this same thing holds true for patents, of unshared
...correction:  splits and divides the shared condition.
(please ignore that it does not make grammatical sense)
note: gotta say it, because it is relevant- i have social skills
of a 10 year old, never developed or kept pace with others
due to learning/behavioral deficit; not good with groups or
social relations unless about ideas or internet comms;
(aspergers) and, writing skills are horrendous, subpar
by far, some of it involving deteriorated brain function.
lysdexia also ubiquitous issue, i blame phonics.

@_date: 2014-01-08 22:37:34
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides (addenda) 
context: forgot to mention overriding hypothesis that state of
insecure crypto - as with nukes - may be price of peace for
cold war reunification in improved framework, thus structural
duplicity has wider impact than inside states alone, could
also bridge state-state secure relations in parallel with those
that are insecure, allowing for advanced governing relations;
in this way, broken crypto could represent deeper truth of
the inside condition than what is able to be written about,
yet exists as consciousness for those in the industry, etc,
given what perspective, parameters, values, in the deception

@_date: 2014-01-02 23:44:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: phenomenologic (urls) 
(disclaimer: ideas and concepts in my cypherpunks posts can be put to
use and extended by others, including for product improvements and
product development. there is no patent, copyright or other
restriction, including no requirement of monetary compensation for
application of these ideas which are intended to provide constructive
feedback for the improvement and refinement of involved tools,
ecosystems, technologies, processes. saying this so lawyers do not
prevent related experiment, exploration, innovation, advancement.)
--- on search ---
URL/URI as new library card catalog system, hunt & peck for data
'organization' via Google akin to this, front-end sans knowledge,
structure hidden from view, no benefit - all the data relations;
basically a memory-locating device, internet as disk sector R/W;
no integrated ideas on the internet, all atomized, local particles
[video] Volcanic lightning captured in a bottle // wild!
Earthquake lights linked to rift environments, subvertical faults
"Timing and distance to the epicenter vary widely. Most EQL are seen
before and/or during an earthquake, but rarely after, suggesting to
the authors that the processes responsible for EQL formation are
related to a rapid build-up of stress prior to fault rupture and rapid
local stress changes during the propagation of the seismic waves.
Stress-activated mobile electronic charge carriers, termed positive
holes, flow swiftly along stress gradients. Upon reaching the surface,
they ionize air molecules and generate the observed luminosities."
basic info: Earthquake light
--- paradigms ---
Welcome to the Age of the Upgrade
Everyone is an early adopter now, and it is glorious
comment: i was reading the above article and started to disagree with
the analysis perhaps not understanding its viewpoint, though it is an
interesting question to consider. reminds of the role of change in
establishing new cultural relations, these before software, perhaps in
some way related to the idea of upgrade, though also huge cultural
shifts in approach and functioning that today seem to operate in other
scales or degrees.
the largest shift, in terms of my research, was pre- to
post-electrification. which was the ur- or uber-upgrade path for
individual and civilization. this shift could be seen culture-wide as
it was happening. notable was the change in watches available in
catalogs, from old windups to quartz, battery-based mechanisms, and
then full-on digital interfaces that visually moved from an analog
dial (related to the circular day/night cycle) to digital (simple
7-segment display of LED to eventual liquid crystal display, tending
towards HIOX display matrices). so that structure of 12hrs mapped to
day and night becomes lost to simple views of numbers (1:24, 9:19)
when a sign or indicator then says 'am/pm' as this cyclical indicator.
L. Mumford had very interesting observations about the clock, its
development, in how it once related to nature and then replaced it,
day & night becoming lost to time of the non-stop machinery.
watches are quite interesting, wonder if anthropologists might delve
into this someday, where wind-up mechanism of expensive wristwatches
with watch winders still are in use as status symbols of earlier value
system of the art of watchmaking, commoditized, fetishized today in
era of mainly electronic, mass produced versions. lots here in terms
of culture, values, relations. skills, tradition, change, viewpoints.
then, emerging 'smart watches' to arrive in this situation,
transforming another artifact into a 'computer' (as with CRT->HDTV,
refrigerators, toasters, etc).
question then might be: does the transition from old watch technology,
non-electric, to the electronic version constitute an upgrade. just
as, old wash basin and clothes scrubber and clothing line, to washing
machine and clothes dryer. i think it does. this is electrification
and then a follow-on, advanced level (qua 'composite' order) of
computation as further structure and detailing or pre-electric tools,
techniques, technologies, artifacts, processes.
in another way, more subtle, something like a horse-drawn carriage and
an automobile, though it seems this is about animals and combustion
engine locomotion (oil power) and not of an electrical paradigm- and
yet it is the spark plug and battery that are vital to its design and
that developed into support system for a/c, radio, power windows,
lights, etc. yet it is an embedded system, as if electrical system is
subconscious in certain technologies more than in others (who even
thinks of the spark plug as electrical device, in sustaining
combustive explosions to move vehicles, meaning non-experts who drive
cars in general population).
so perhaps there is ambiguity in that electrical subsystems are
structural or even hidden away from view. do people understand their
cars or watches as technology? are they literate about how they work,
in the same way as how the world is fit together in its physics, etc.
in most cases, no. this is not something taught to people in an
educational setting. non-issue.
music provides what may be a most accessible view of this situation,
of a paradigm shift as it may relate to the idea of upgrade, in that
the folk music tradition of acoustic guitar then was challenged by use
of electric guitar by Bob Dylan, upsetting the sensibility of how
music was conceived of in terms of cultural values mapping to certain
instruments and their sound. or something approximating a given
understanding that was then brought into question by going outside
those parameters, via electrical guitar. never mind that microphones
are used and amplifiers, also electric, in ordinary stage situations.
so issues of audio reproduction are already in the mix (hah),
including sound stage audio mixing, cables, recording performance and
playback via records, magnetic tapes. and so the magnetic pickups on
the electric guitar apparently was sacrilege to some, and transformed
a particular relation to music, sound, song, and it seems that Dylan
was at the pivot point of these various cultural forces. (so too, if
not mistaken, his father was an electrician.)
was this use of electric guitar over miked and amplified acoustic
guitar an upgrade of sorts, in terms of music instruments. is it a
choice or a necessity, in certain frameworks. is there some momentum,
that changes the parameters or the consideration, solutions for
pending or other scenarios, where it is an improved approach (thus,
perhaps innovation). aesthetically, within a context of music, did the
electric sound capture some ineffable essence otherwise out of reach
of acoustic instruments to convey, perhaps harshness or technical
tones or detachment or some other ephemeral quality or condition that
then more readily aligned with situations and consciousness, &c.  so
pre-electric to electric instrument (ie. electronic to
electronics-based), is this also in some sense about upgrades, or an
upgrade path. pre-electric dwelling to electric
dwelling...computerized-dwelling, etc.
so, in terms of typologies, and types of instrument, the piano in its
acoustic form then becomes the synthesizer, both analog circuits and
digital eventually, with associated different sounds, aesthetic
outputs. _everything, basically, existing in this context, such that
while an acoustic instrument could still be used, it exists in an
electrical/electronic ecosystem, as said with mics, amps, mixers,
cables, recording and playback technology, today with computers that
themselves become the music production tools (midi controllers, music
software) though much of it in the data paradigm of calculation, the
calculator, as with the computer. not advancing in thinking beyond
first conception of processing, not delving further than this. and so
'language' of tools is all over the place yet incredibly shallow in
terms of investigating the deeper principles and structures of music
likewise, the musicological is absent from this condition of
'electrical instrumentation' which has been overtaken by dysfunctional
tools and equipment, legitimated and allowed by 'computer bugs' that
prevent use of instruments in the way music requires, in order to
access and develop musical ideas, versus techniques of production- as
if making a webpage, using music software to create songs. procedural,
with switches and buttons on ~instruments, formatted to parameters to
further creation of beats and rhythmic structures of hip-hop, rap,
soul, r&b, etc. this finite categorization, determining what can be
created, by limiting the interface and choices to already known
_language, the signage replacing the truth  of music, repeating
previous signage as if creating new music &c.
so it begins to be a downgrade, a loss of ability and capacity over
time, which i think the article was getting at, as if each new gizmo
and feature is an upgrade or advancement, or every new technology or
option. and instead it can be a deterioration if not understood else
if subverted. losing quality, losing connection, losing sound,
aesthetics, communication, etc. yet having all the switches and
buttons, calculate whatever you want, in those parameters. while the
parameters needed do not exist, were never developed, this as
invisible barrier.
it seems that electrification was this massive upgrade, and then other
aspects carry it further such as computation as a next-level feature
set, that depending on implementation could involve real innovation
(via insight, quality, economy) or loss of cohesion in the design or
its purpose, making it frivolous or trivial or confused. the purpose
or integrity lost with changes. and yet time moves on and things
change, so does a given approach or solution survive, adapt and find
its legitimacy or become outdated, out of touch, removed from what
actually exists and is caught in time, the past, as antique, portal to
another world, view, belief system, and values that no longer map into
the present or future the same.
'upgrade' then is like pre-electronic to 'electronic' device, though
with 'nano' or 'genetic' or 'laser' or 'MIDI' or ECC or any number of
features or details that could be incorporated into an existing
approach or design, successfully or not, extending or adapting its
purpose, moving into a higher fidelity connection, access, insight, or
becoming askew, warped by this march to progress that may in its being
ill-defined, not understood, mismanaged, or maldeveloped then lead to
a devolved functioning that can also become a basis for cultural
control, the incapacitation and incapability of doing things with
tools, a form of censorship even by the way things do not and cannot
work or function correctly, due to such automatic upgrades that may
function in hidden ideological terms, serving political, economic,
social forces unseen or unacknowledged or unrecognized. therefore,
potentially another realm of tyranny that could be embedded in tools,
via how they are or are not developed, in what parameters, in service
or denial to what values (money or truth).  is all your stuff broken
like mine? THE FUTURE!
--- security issues ---
comment: if the NSA will intercept an e-commerce package to modify it
for mass surveillance or worse, to break it or cause malfunctioning to
force censorship-- what would they do to food that is delivered to
targets via online grocers? what restricts extreme unethical and
behavioral influence to 'force confessions' as with medieval rituals
for persecution, whereby any evidence is basis for conviction, even if
engineered. what if it is already commonplace, and this is the context
for judgement. 'law' enforcing/forcing these dynamics by default of
non-accountable marionette strings involved in shaping false
situations as dioramas, tableaus.
--- NSA & AAPL ---
Apple Denies Working With NSA on iPhone Backdoor
Unaware of Alleged NSA Program Targeting its Products
quote: "Apple has never worked with the NSA to create a backdoor in
any of our products, including iPhone," the company said in a
statement. "Additionally, we have been unaware of this alleged NSA
program targeting our products. We care deeply about our customers'
privacy and security. Our team is continuously working to make our
products even more secure, and we make it easy for customers to keep
their software up to date with the latest advancements."
(comment: only reasonable explanation for exploits is they hire NSA as
programmers and engineers, thus plausible deniability. also: if
blackops, how to know if a CEO is not NSA?)
[quote] Fresnel zones
"If unobstructed, radio waves will travel in a straight line from the
transmitter to the receiver. But if there are reflective surfaces
along the path, such as bodies of water or smooth terrain, the radio
waves reflecting off those surfaces may arrive out of phase (by
reflecting off an a surface within an even Fresnel zone) with the
signals that travel directly and reduce the power of the received
signal. On the other hand, the reflection (off a surface within an odd
Fresnel zone) can enhance the power of the received signal if the
reflection and the direct signals arrive in phase. Sometimes this
results in the counter-intuitive finding that reducing the height of
an antenna increases the signal-to-noise ratio."
::::: TYPO :::::
3d printing & typography
4D typography
Gdel, Escher, Bach
Make your own Mymo {monogram} with any two letters or numbers
(note: living amongst trees of electrical forest)
-';;/ kllyder fnkn ]\.:/
A. Vortex Polarities
B. --- Apple, Inc. ---
after the announcement of the death of Steve Jobs there was a
tremendous flurry of viewpoints about his contribution to computing,
his fundamental role. some of the belief it amounts to marketing-only,
taking others ideas and repurposing and selling them as if the
originator. in some way, as if part of his unique capacity was this
skill, this way of conveying and presenting the equipment, speaking to
an audience. this as a cultural event. as this relates also to
showmanship that is also controversial in how the claims are
i believe Steve Jobs was as aesthetician. that his was a philosophical
approach to technology that results in artifacts others related to in
a similar framework, in terms of their design values. that the
artifact itself was his unique focus, questions of technology, not
just mass production. choosing what parameters to prioritize or
considering options within extended frameworks, such that tools were
situated in a structural ecosystem. having control over shaping this.
and having people relate viscerally to it, if it matched their values
and sensibility, ease of use, joy. design excellence, etc. these words
do not actually convey what i hoped to say (my computer auto-crashed
due to hack attack and lost original wording of this section, cannot
regenerate due to memory loss issues). though the idea that Jobs was
an aesthetician is to question the view that he was a technologist as
other developers of technology. something else was going on with
regard to culture that was not comparable with other approaches.
notably, his value for the art of calligraphy as it would translate
into software and hardware tools. for media creation and playback. not
so much information management or organization, though interface
indeed. the problem of the file cabinet remains and thus hardware
advancements while inside of the data container remains stuck at the
beginning in terms of modeling of ideas. it seems Jobs likely knew
this and the computers of today are a result of accommodating the
combined forces at work in the culture, and maybe innovations occurred
where they were possible, and there is more to the story of how
computers function and cannot function than is currently known.
what people cannot refute is this aesthetic contribution and insight,
this value kept alive within technology and tools, within certain
parameters, that map into artifacts that please its users. as if
beautiful functional pottery of a given culture worldwide from
1985-2010, etc. its the design that is more than a local or
fragmentary question, its the understanding and awareness brought into
the questions and evaluation and shaping of the technology, the tools,
processes. and this is perhaps one of the prominent and obvious
examples of the role and value of aesthetics in culture, at the same
time culture has been removed of this traditional structure of
relations, the knowledge needed to sustain it, the education and ideas
and social connections now absent, it cannot be taught by a book, it
has to be lived. in this way, the uniform of jeans and turtleneck
indicating an ascetic aspect to the aesthetic, a commitment to
resolution of certain parameters or routines and arriving at solutions
or ways of doing things or attaining desired functioning. and i think
that may effectively be lost in culture, today into tomorrow. it has
not been sustained as a value. even while people respond to it and
value it immensely. the knowledge and awareness have been lost to
other priorities and agendas. ideas have to matter. the less they do,
the more the tools and artifacts reflect this, develop it, further
away from truth.
now what if every parameter of computing was approached at this level.
and every tool and artifact were designed to optimal  functioning and
of highest quality and capacity, versus the ruling junk economy and
ideology of planned obsolescence, all manufacturers seemingly
involved. something is preventing this. limiting its ability to exist
as a shared goal. until that is resolved then such situations as what
exists, contributions towards, reminders of what could be possible.
--- em archery ---
Full Flight Technology Velocitip Electronic Archery Tuning System
[note: consider use for sending data or sensors, infiltration, etc]
Change in geometry improves aerodynamics
--- artworks ---
Hear the sound of the Earth moving from the deepest hole on the planet
'Magnetophone' sculpture turns electromagnetism into beautiful noise
--- nightsky observation  ---
star trails
--- homologues ---
Drip instabilities of continental lithosphere: acceleration and
entrainment by damage
Keywords:  Instability analysis; Dynamics of lithosphere and mantle;
Mechanics, theory, and modelling; Rheology: crust and lithosphere;
Rheology: mantle
Pressure ridge (ice)  // context: regarding icebreakers
(note: the idea of different points (A-B, C) and passages, made
accessible temporarily or as lanes that open and close, and then other
viewpoints of this (C) that are indirect in relation, as structures or
flows may influence interaction, via geography, stress, strain, phase
Organizational behavior
"Organizational behavior is a field of study that investigates the
impact that individuals, groups and structures have on behavior within
an organization for the purpose of applying such knowledge towards
improving an organization's effectiveness"
Household archaeology
(note: would be interesting to examine change in routines and tasks of
household since introduction and incorporation of computer into daily
living environments, how activity has changed, social relations, work,
shopping, etc. this in anthro/archeo analysis, in terms of artifacts,
mapping relations across layers, getting into massive analysis of
combined data. everything from sleep issues with blue light of screens
influencing body clock rhythms to electricity use, radiation exposure
levels, foci of the house (fireplace->tv-> computer), electriciation
of dwelling (appliances, time, scheduling), rituals, beliefs,
worldview, etc.)
Builder Blames Navy as Brand-New Warship Disintegrates / digg?
"~Independences corrosion is concentrated in her water jets 
shipboard versions of airplane engines  where steel impeller
housings come in contact with the surrounding aluminum structure.
Electrical charges possibly originating in the ships combat systems
apparently sparked the electrolysis."
'Military-Style' Raid on California Power Station Spooks U.S.
Revealed: The Soviet Unions $1 Billion Psychotronic Arms Race
with the US / via gizmodo
ref. Unconventional research in USSR and Russia: short overview
quote: "This work briefly surveys unconventional research in Russia
from the end of the 19th until the beginning of the 21th centuries in
areas related to generation and detection of a 'high-penetrating'
emission of non-biological origin. The overview is based on open
scientific and journalistic materials. The unique character of this
research and its history, originating from governmental programs of
the USSR, is shown. Relations to modern studies on biological effects
of weak electromagnetic emission, several areas of bioinformatics and
theories of physical vacuum are discussed."
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
12-8   100-360   7-170

@_date: 2014-01-08 22:20:45
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
> 5) another realization upon hearing the 30c3 talk of Jacob Appelbaum
  replies:
 >  The Internet is not controlled,...
my immediate reaction: this is ideology. just like internet security
or anonymity, beyond a given threshold it is controlled, not anonymous,
it just matters if those layers are perceptible and-or acknowledged within
a given zone of observation. perhaps my view is naive, and lacks basic
understanding of the situation (knowing those here are involved indepth
with standards, history, designing and building of said infrastructures)
will try to explain why this is my relation. most everywhere i look, much
of everything i see is trapped within ideology. a condition i equate with
'answered questions'. not necessarily bad if beliefs are grounded, yet if
somehow erroneous, then 'knowing' is replaced by inaccurate believing
that then becomes standardized, _the_shared_view, etc.
never successful at attempts to learn programming (they started with
calculus problems in C++ on first day, had to drop) and while having
tried Logo for fun, using for geometry, have not made it past that in
terms of descriptive reading of programming ala computer software;
though perhaps in some way the condition of 'ideology all around' or
of a surrounding ideology, perhaps much of it ungrounded/inaccurate
and thus warp/skew/bias/falsity normalized and related to and through,
is that it is like having a - guessing - high level programming language
reliant upon lower level assumptions that would be in error if not wrong.
not sure if this would be machine code, assemblers, whatever. though
that that remains unchecked while the other code views continue on
as a shared perspective and develop a given worldview based on what
can be done, though the underlying systems may function differently
or may not be able to sustain those views if audited or error-corrected
thus i do not see how observation is so readily able to be detached
from its accounting in truth, level of processing or parsing of
data, in its actual truth, grounded observation and shared circuitry,
for it would be opposite how computers actually function if removing
the logic gates from microchips, the billions of transistors/switches,
and then just letting anything compute in any way that is believed--
yet that is actually how -language- qua communication functions in
terms of untethered beliefs, this relativistic relations as if shared set
though based on unshared sets and different views and frameworks,
then consensus in agreeing on things (beliefs) without processing it
all the way down, seeing that turtles may beat the hare in the race
because they may not make errors while the hare may crash & burn
though if unaccounted for it does not matter- truth becomes irrelevant
given that 'random number generation' is so difficult to insure, in a
crypto model, to assume a highly rationalized and deterministically
(it is assumed) functioning system is operating within or as chaos
seems likewise ideological, in the sense that these are constructed
systems in certain parameters that can be accounted for, and yet
may not be likewise, in everyday terms, so an illusion may exist or
persist of 'no control' or 'wildness' while thoroughly accounted for at
another level or layer, where the specs are closed by the originators
and root of one level may access root of another, or those combined
in a military context as origin, i do not think it likely to imagine this
is not the case, when planned as a strategic infrastructure, to think
all technical capacity is in books or manuals or given to consumers
or detectable using normal means or parameters. also; it seems that
the system was designed to be hacked, experimented with, and this
is part of the myth-making and legendary hacks- is that they were
open enough to accomplish these feats, even perhaps supported in
doing so within a given culture, and perhaps this was a ruse and not
an oversight or misstep. or perhaps it was exploited, harnessed as
a way to create industries, such as computer and internet security,
allowing again an illusory 'wilderness' and then 'increased controls'
for the chaos or untamed environment. perhaps it is unregulated to
a degree, in-line with certain philosophies, that are experimenting
with the medium in terms of social or cultural engineering, etc.
tho in this, what strikes so odd is that anarchists are so group-
oriented, and identity-based in 'cypherpunks' as a common view,
reliant on these technical systems in a given incarnation that are
bringing wealth and jobs and skills and status, likely also perks,
which seems a bit opposite to what some of the ideas are about,
seemingly. though i do not know enough to know why i feel this
or intuit some dissonance between what exists as infrastructure
and views of 'liberation' or 'freedom' that may be based upon or
rely upon or use or exploit distortions, even, unreal parameters
that do not parse at the processing level of logic, absolute truth
and instead like other 'group views' become ideologically-based
and this allows friction-free beliefs of a given group versus others
it seems much more of an individual condition, situation, to ponder
and that the split is at this level, because the complexity is likewise,
yet when 'the group identity' is invoked, it seems to presume that a
given cohesiveness and understanding exists that i tend to think is
a fiction or perhaps an overstatement of what can be achieved within
the stated parameters - unless accuracy at the transistor level of the
ideas is dealt with. this is a problem of language and history itself..
i mean, if someone brings up or references 'secrecy & history' and
this is parsed in a view of private mankind, that leads to one set of
assumptions and values; whereas if it is grounded in a human set
of relations that is another interpretation. though any  is
capable of this ideological split, any given view or belief or concept;
it does not inherently have 'group coherence' or scale to a group by
default of its corruption at this top-most level of shared observation
and agreement or verification, instead it is bounded, an upper-limit
exists that is actually very low level, and thus individual processing
 that is not matched between people becomes this logical limit of
shared observation, if one view or another warps, skews, biases
at the input/output of another yet while claimed the common POV
in this way:    language <--> language
versus:   truth <--> truth
when it involves ungrounded beliefs, concepts, communication
that seeks to represent 'shared reality' via language, relaying ideas
though that inherently contains errors, given the medium/approach
that allows and requires and relies on this (serial strings without
error-checking or correction, repeated over and over, ad naseum)
thus something like: "what is history?"
that becomes a question that some may assume exists within a
given realm of accuracy, and others may not even believe in it as
a representation of accurate events, in that- was the 'inside view'
what was captured or translated, or an external view of events that
seeks to represent what occurred via some form of approximation
i believe that looking backward into situations is not necessarily
to adequately discern the truth of the present, lacking access to
the secret if quasi-encrypted truth of the past, in its truth, at this
transistor or logic-gate level of processing. and that in terms of the
state -- much of this is likely off-limits to known 'historic' events,
perhaps even to include Arpanet or revolutions, in the way they
are engineered from perhaps a set of parameters beyond known
or written accounts, in other dynamics remaining unaccounted for
this is to consider that there may actually be very large secrets
that are not known or divulged even while others of lesser depth
are accessible or available to a 'group scale'. somewhat like the
view that an industry-wide effort to allow hackable infrastructure is
only occurring on those beneficial terms in a geopolitical context,
which would be incredibly naive to think people were not handed
this situation and instead developed or discovered it themselves,
that is, there is more on the inside going on than the outside is
capable of understanding in terms or parameters that may exist
the idea of hacker as revolutionary or freedom fighter, while all
well and good, is also a way to be a pawn in a larger worldgame
and the effects turning against people operating within a certain
range of assumptions appears as if a wake-up call that this is
perhaps beyond a realm understood by those operating within it;
and that resources could exist that far outweigh anything that is
deployed or available in the public or private realms, perhaps even
making what is going on child's play by comparison. such that-
sure, you think you are just going to take down the power grid
because you *think* you have access to the SCADA network-
     "go ahead-- make my day..."
some of these situations are unbelievable. they are too easy.
which indicates deception and people being taken for a ride
for instance, if someone threatens to turn the lights off to a
population via hacking into a power system, and defines this
as a 'cypherpunk' activity, because it is an offensive attack
using subverted computer systems and high-level skills, it
can be interpreted in different ways as a 'shared identity'- as
if the hacking skills is the value or morality, a higher status
as if information or computer warriors or whatnot. yet not to
differentiate 'who is being attacked' then could imply that it
would not matter if humans were attacked, and thus such
events could be against people like myself and to me (and
others, and especially the state) this would be an enemy
action, if that level of consideration was not involved or was
not relevant- perhaps because the ideology is not processed
to that degree or level and instead relies on ego or superior-
belief as a privileged class. whoever the hackers are, it is
certain there are others vastly more powerful in this world,
and yet this may exist in a secret undiscoverable realm
until it is too late to change course or take-back actions
(at least that is my belief, given evidence that cannot be shared)
i mean, you could even be a malicious alien attacker with
IQ of 10,000 or something & appear to have total control over
surrounding populations, though again- it could be deception
and with certainty there are others of higher capacity totally
able to neutralize any such threats, without any question
(this raises the question of what is the common context or
foundation for relations and identity- is this a parallel-world
simulation, part-real part-fictive woven together across both
past-and-future, engineering reality in the present moment.
if so is acknowledging this not critical to realism, such that
clones and copies and avatars are involved in scifi identity-
relations, as a standard, and not some other assumption
instead quaint, that allows a warped version of relation to
continue uncorrected, easy exploitation, easy lies, etc.)
thing is about language, people can reference ideas and-or
concepts, authors-- thus, Hayek, Keynes, Hegel, Marx, and
yet what is being referenced is ideology, believed viewpoints
established as shared relations --perspectives-- yet that may
not be parsed in their truth, as ideas, at the transistor level,
so what is shared is a social understanding or consensus or
relation based upon agreed upon principles or patterns that,
in their being representational, copies of belief even, can in
turn substitute or stand-in for that grounded truth requiring
direct observation and testing of principles and hypotheses
in an unbiased, neutral framework - which does not exist
in the relativistic approach to communication nor ideas
Hayek, Keynes, Hegel, Marx and others had 'some truth'
yet it is not absolute truth within language as language,
as it is mediated. these are signs, patterns, instead that
are referenced, not truth itself. it is trap, just like when i
refer to an author and seek to present their views yet this
is a limit or skew is inherent and perhaps even inaccurate,
not only my views though their views also, potentially also
in error, not absolute in correctness, yet believed to be as
if biblical conveyance that is to be knelt down before and
served as if higher, even, as if guiding light, when that same
light may not be as bright as direct observation shared by
and between people of the same phenomena modeled in
parameters more accurate or beyond those of the past
if considering the medium of 'the book' as including and
involving 'all books'-- most of the views are tending toward
falsity in some way, due to the problems with language
and communication and observation, even if philosophy
or work that resonates. a layer or layers of error exists
as a structure, due to the approach. the assembler is
wrong from the beginning. everything needs to be re-
written and its truth recontextualized to neutralize the
existing (historic or observational) bias, then to mine
those perspectives -beyond copyright- for a larger and
more inclusive shared perspective, weaving together all
truth in a single model. without a certain approach to
logic it is not possible. the errors are structural, needed,
and then what is linked, parsed, likewise, especially in
an AI context, for computation, evaluation, deliberation,
decision-making, which would lead to automated tyranny
if a computer that is inaccurate and faulty in reasoning
then was to judge other external events, while missing
that core truth or serving the higher vs. lower principles;
and thank science and technologists equivalent to a
new priesthood for not questioning this either, because
they are inherently always right, due to sustained dogma
and ideological beliefs in their own higher awareness,
virtue, values, by ignoring data outside their models yet
in doing so, discarding truth in 'universal calculations'
there seems to be 'an escape velocity from reality' as
a shared situation in online belief systems, for relation
that scales from the group back into individual contexts
as if believing makes it so, and this can be a deception of
the highest order, a mistake so large and dangerous that
before a person realizes it, they are already off the cliff and
it is too late to do anything about it, the ground has shifted
let's say someone is going around stealing and attacking
opponents on the internet. they may not realize this is a
death sentence in a new, changed context. they will be
pursued and eliminated for such activity by another group.
that those are the stakes. not stealing from a toy store,
but taking away others lives, careers, health, tools, etc.
it is not like you can try killing off a people over centuries
and then when it is revealed, the situation will simply involve
saying 'good game', shake hands, and then they will then be
treated equally, and allowed to continue onward as citizens,
even while having practiced genocide and instituted pogroms.
it is much more serious than that. the stakes are as high
as it gets in both mortal and illusory immortal terms. those
seeming the most invincible are the very entities weakest,
yet may never realize it because the illusion is sustained;
so it becomes a test of power, until one day there is failure,
a critical failure beyond the existing parameters and beliefs,
something outside the worldview and ability to imagine it
this is more the nature of what exists and is going on today
so why would the present divulge such core code as master
narrative out-in-the-open, for fear it may be understood and-or
used by the enemy, etc. -- unless the enemy cannot parse it,
because their assembler language is skewed by necessity &
in doing so, forces a given perspective that can be exploited-
such that things are really simple, simple as believed, look at
the mastery we have, look at ourselves in the mirror, aren't we
great, superior, of highest intelligence, the smartest set, etc.
if people are talking about Hegel or Marx or [author/ideas] yet
are not involved in truth and logic and reasoning as part of this
fundamental relation, likely they are involved in the ideological
dynamics of these - language computations - versus grounded
truth that removes the views and langauge of their errors, which
are many. you just cannot transport the past into the present
without some anomalies or aberrations in view, it must also be
accounted for. yet most times none of it is, assumption upon
next assumption, layer upon layer of previous consensus and
"group opinion" relied upon as structure - versus the concepts
and ideas in their purity, as informational models, many that
are skewed or warped when applied as default historic views
ideas about capitalism are crazy. about communism. about
 money. about society. just fucking insane. nonsensical.
insofar as they are detached from actual observable truth
versus beliefs that are shared, copied, exchanged, exploited
for instance, i believe that politics as a category or discipline
likely does not need to exist except within certain conditions
it would seem that a human population, if cohesive identity,
 would only require ~governance, to manage a representative
view (say direct democracy, feedback from citizens of state)
and that this internal-fracturing of the political is an effect of
having an _unshared identity, or multiple identities competing
     group1  <---> group2
such that, each group would have its own politics, and thus
the more there is subdivision, say group1 (a,b,c) , that each
of these then becomes potentially oppositional within whatever
those dimensions or dynamics are likewise (schizphrenica of
the state, as planned, and relativism go together, enable this)
   (politics1a) <--> (politics1b) <--|--> (politics2)
note that both 'inside a shared identity' (1) could be split and
those groups 'outside' the identity (2), thus humans could be
against other humans and against antihumans via politics
this is what confusion gets you, and not having grounding of
views and beliefs in truth, and shared observation allows this
and leads to it as a condition, especially of ideology, as such
ungrounded dynamics are shared via consensus, submitting
or compliance with standards, norms, shared views, etc.
governance, in contrast, could exist just in group 1, or so it
seems, and also in relation to group 2, yet not in opposition:
    (governance)  <--->  (governance)

@_date: 2014-01-01 22:37:03
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
need to clarify this statement...
it is a view that presupposes money has become detached
from truth, thus in its deteriorated or corrupted state, it is
equivalent to or tends towards base ignominious relations
sidenote: regarding taxation, for materialists
     taxes = morality
    -whereby-
     money = absolute truth
taxation becomes tithing for the atheistic 'church of state' that
has as its communion a monetary unit separated from its truth
this enforcement of taxation by ideologues is confirmation of faith
in money as value, as morality, as highest framework of evaluation,
money determining authority, status, 'goodness', success, "truth"
it is value removed of truth, and turns the sign ($) into truth incarnate]
money is not backed by truth (!!!) -- the commitment (in god we trust)
is ultimately an issue of establishing shared truth as a basis for trust,
instead this is replaced by a simulated or appearance or mimicry of it,
yet without the social commitment to ensure fairness in the exchange
instead: money is backed by 'nothing'- nothingness is the ideology
that becomes the value, the shared lie is the basis for exchange that
then allows onesided exploitation and entropic movement of falsity
into the domain of truth, seeking to represent and replace it, while
seeming or appearing to uphold its value while subverting/destroying it
in this way, broken goods and corrupted items are exchanged for
money that makes this exchange _legal via the shared lie, use of
language (of law) to enforce and protect this exchange (via falsity
that is structural, allowing onesided exploitative practices to occur)
and enforced by rules and regulations, against citizens // entropy
the issue of quality, of exchange that is backed by moral obligation
then is short-circuited, allowing 'shit' to be exchanged, as if equal
exchange when instead subverted, sabotaged, weaponized, such
that equipment is sold broken, made toxic, triggered to break in or
out of warranty, via planned obsolescence & other subversive tactics
'truth' has been devalued and thus unfair exchange normalized, by
those who have more power and gain more in the exchange via the
institutionalized RIPOFF, via currency itself, divorced from truth,
where appeals can only goto nothingness as common denominator
as there is no obligation beyond the private self and its power within
such a totally corrupt state as defended, protected by "quasi-law"
that is removed of truth, and instead uses the power of language
that amounts to 'share opinions' to enforce common viewpoints
and social relations, hierarchy, institutional privilege, wealth, as
if of higher truth implicitly, for its benefit to the 'larger reality' that
is itself based in falsity, upheld as if greater awareness, value, in
these warped materialistic terms- against people, nature, life itself
this becoming the state, losing its soul, replaced by nothingness
at its core, then outlawing questioning of this condition as if illegal
the US was not built upon this premise, it is a complete and total
subversion of originating principles, absolute corruption of its cause,
of relations between people, their organization in a shared situation,
governance, role of fair exchange, equal rights. instead, some have
more rights than others, their rights take away others peoples equal
rights, and this has become normalized, this imbalanced viewpoint,
belief system, as if natural, moral, basis for exchange, determination
of what is true by who it benefits, etc. its ideological core: pure evil
(that is, those serving falsity, attempting to extinguish truth from life)
jsl0w  wio1s  7s90x

@_date: 2014-01-01 19:57:48
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Can an openly avowed combat on the technologies of political
i was having difficulty understanding what was meant or implied
by the use of 'combat _on the technologies of political control',
if this is 'combat against' the technologies, or combat using the
the technologies, in that they function as weapons platforms and
could be leveraged this way. (perhaps it is both-and  either-or)
an example related to this, in terms of an existing interpretative
gap that was referenced in relation to the 30c3 presentation, is
that a category like "signals intelligence" can be understood in
a confined framework reliant upon certain known technologies,
and thus a context is established by standardizing this belief
such that signals intelligence may relate to computers and-or
conversations, encryption, and accessing various such signals
i think what is missing in this default view is, again, the context
of evaluation that may be predetermined to a larger extent, thus
formatting views and beliefs and reasoning, the frameworks used
for analysis and conversation and relation about such dynamics,
underlying issues, to gauge and discern whatever truth is made
accessible within those constraints and parameters. yet it may
also be overly limiting, reliant upon narrow categorization that
occludes or leaves out other relevant and vital information/data
such that 'signals intelligence' likely also co-exists in a context
of human physiology, and that those signals are highest value
in terms of behavioral control and modification, via surveillance
that moves into active attacks against targets (using wireless)
thus, a question regarding neurology and mass surveillance is
squarely located in a context of signals intelligence as it relates
to hacking human physiology and psychology and "intelligence"
in the literal- to include both brainwave signals and nerve paths
and signals of the body, the nervous system as this platform
therefore, signals intelligence without neurology is missing the
major salient at the front line of this war, the context involving
drugs both prescribed and 'illegal' yet managed by hegemons,
and thus psychiatry and neurology and other fields/disciplines
are likely structurally involved in unaccounted for dimensions
of mass surveillance as these systems are weaponized and
used for remote control management via secret methodology
this can be related as a condition to culture, how awareness
is and is not developed within certain parameters, as to how
'categories' exist, such as crypto or computer science, these
separate from medical school issues in a university context,
unless those specialists somehow bridge the gap within an
interdisciplinary framework, which likely would be secretive,
especially if it goes against rules, law, human rights, etc, in
a context of war of terror, war of drugs, war by psychiatrists
and war by neurologists against noncompliant citizenry, etc
the issue then of 'excavating the present' in a wider or larger
context than may be normalized and standardized, to make
sense of known parameters that exceed existing boundaries
of established ideology within a field or discipline, this very
'fixed-idea' of something then bounding/narrow interpretation,
unquestioning, censored or disallowed or uninquisitiveness
then becoming its own security by keeping out anomalies
to attain unrealistic clean-room analysis more and more
detached from reality and realistic accounting, instead
more about shaping a worldview that could be inaccurate
or limited or bounded to a certain interpretation that is
part of the problem, an incapacity to relate to what exists
in the terms it exists in, which can be both a problem of
language and also of consciousness, though involves the
way thinking occurs, reasoning, processing of information
in given frameworks, perhaps not as accurate as believed
the school system and institutions of education reinforcing
this, programming or formatting ideology beliefs that then
support this faulty framework, normalized, require its view
for relation, exchange, debate, social dynamics, hierarchy,
which instills, relies upon and defends a false perspective
as if by default the most accurate view of 'reality' because
it is shared, operative, used as the common language and
viewpoint for further programming, as if of common value,
yet this value is in pattern-matching of language (sign=sign)
and does not involve grounding this language with truth itself
(sign=truth). in this way, an illusion is involved that becomes
'consciousness' of shared language as if this is shared truth,
simply by communicating beliefs that if matched are true.
it is a fallacy, a massive self-deception of civilization itself,
most individuals operating within these parameters by default
and trained to do so, after being indoctrinated and formatted
by the education system into the correct belief that defer and
serve this false authority which ignores and denies other truth
outside the prevailing opinions that serve this private reasoning
i keep trying to write to this idea, yet it is difficult to access
without seeming out-of-place... it is that this default condition
involves the issue of context, what is perceived to already exist,
though when widening this framework to include other 'hidden'
or unsupported or unacknowledged or unallowed dimensions
 and parameters, it then _recontextualizes the situation within
a wider range and realm of inquiry and interpretation that, if
structural, would provide more data to test and modify given
hypotheses and would allow more realistic frameworks for
issues involved, such that 'computing' is not a separate realm
from other disciplines, nor architecture, nor linguistics, etc.
and there is this aspect, this taking account of the existing
situation that is equivalent in some sense to archaeology, in
that it is dealing with fragments and assemblages, structures
and connections, layers and analyses across large spans of
time and geographies that can include shared  unshared
cultural traits, in this way typologies such as pottery can be
interpreted distinctly within a given culture yet likewise share
attributes or skills with other development in other cultures,
and these relations map into the artifacts, documenting the
relations between peoples and beliefs and practices, as it
is written within aesthetics, plans, rituals, peoples, and
their organization and development. thus to delve into this
realm of context and recontextualization involves opening
up a wider framework or scaffolding and testing hypotheses
and evaluating situations and analysing them in comparison
to other cultures, times, places, to learn what attributes are
common, structural, providing information in their presence
within the assemblage, what this divulges about practices,
from known data, modeling, other research, excavations
and larger hypothesis. (this instead of just focusing upon
fragments in a given context as if the universal viewpoint,
and as it relates to disciplines separated into categories
that may be more about signage than the truth involved).
so, what if everyone is educated in 'history' that is devoid
of accounts of this predominant 20th c. technology in the
present day, that people are using as tools & that form the
basis for employment, career, livelihoods, social relations.
it is like having someone document or analyse the bronze
age without mentioning the role of metals in this situation;
yet that is how the school system functions in its ideology,
technology is made contextless, it does not relate within a
traditional model of history except as servant to 'our goals'
instead of defining and determining them as its own ideology,
that technical values replace human values, and thus, binary
processing of computers the ideal thinking for humans in an
educational system where memorization and playback of
known variables and data are core skills for peoples now
dumbed down to machine-functioning, trained for this as
if higher evaluation, the ability to repeat others beliefs in
a conformist approach to authority, hierarchical authority
where 'truths' are known because of pattern matching of
language, never accessing/addressing logical evaluation
beyond the binary, making all thought superficial, hollow
as it relates to, through, extends this systematic POV
that becomes the basis for social relations, exchange,
development, the ideology of culture, tools themselves

@_date: 2014-01-03 21:05:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
my intent is not to offend in saying this, though i think this
situation may not be the situation most would encounter with on-site
surveillance, in that a barrier would exist between bugs & procurement
so that the sledgehammer-effect would have to occur by a different
if it did go as you describe, most likely evidence would be shifted
and you would be framed, either immediately killed, if not via
'suicide' by helpers, and anything you would do would be evaluated in
one-sided terms legally, with removal of basic situational data that
makes your viewpoint impossible to corroborate with evidence or others
testimony, if you would survive an encounter with violent, aggressive,
onsite corruption with the intent to bring you down via evidence, real
or fabricated
basically whatever you do would result in your being dead or sent away
to prison, and likely include severe bodily harm either short term or
long term in a prison or other environment
to me that is more likely than anything else, if a personal encounter
outside the law was involved, such that there are no rules, no legal
framework to appeal to, just brute deliverance of power onsite, which
tends towards the ~hegemonic police state of a onesided political
takeover, that nightmare
what is scary is that a piece of signed paper or secret agreement
somehow could allow such dynamics to develop, yet which are not
evaluatable by external truth or accountable to truth beyond a
particular (private) self-interest that can be warped, skewed,
political, yet stand in for 'government'
this would be tyranny then. not far from having guns removed from
residents, etc. no defense, just submission, subjugation to corrupt
authority, baseness as evaluation of worth - conformance or not
consider a different scenario. everything is tapped, you have
sledgehammer in apartment or house, and then have to interface with
*bureaucracy* to try to deal with situation, smash skulls as payback.
what stands between you and justice would be piles of signed paper,
denials, ignoring of issues and pleas for information or
rule-following, then followed up by pure corruption: your mail is
tampered with and lost, you lose your job, your checks or payments go
missing, accounts are hacked, there are gossip and whisper campaigns
about you heard all over within earshot, people saying you are crazy,
you need psychiatrist, spouse wants a divorce or requires you to get
psychiatrist, go on medication. problems begin with plumbing or
electrical requiring expensive fixes or repairs, car continually
starts to break down and cannot be repaired successfully. noises start
in your environment that keep you awake and thus you cannot get enough
sleep, your health plummets, massive depression and also extreme
paranoia set in, threats are delivered via phone and email about
assassination and physical harm, you are robbed or things are stolen
from you, documents go missing, evidence of black bag job with things
amiss in environment, computer stops working, lose electronic files,
records needed to prove certain information, you question your own
memory, your own sanity, people stop talking to you because they are
afraid or turn on you, increasingly isolated, suicidal thoughts
impossible to ignore, there is no information available about what to
do in such situations because it is considered unreal in 'democracy',
any truth you say that is out of line threatens your survival and
livelihood in surrounding system, further marginalized, your anger
functions against you, you become more and more ill as the stress
takes its toll, needing to internalize all the hate and violence
versus project it outward, thus the condition of being peaceful is at
the cost of interior violence, either denial or taming or holding back
rage, any error you make can be used to prosecute you to the fullest
extent by political enemies and this is going on in the background-
and nothing you can do can change this basic situation. and all of it
exists because of signed pieces of paper, agreements, allowing this
power-situation to exist/persist, and yet no one observes 'truth'
beyond their private relativistic boundary, now you are on the outside
in this way, corrupt police or TLA could set up camp in the house or
apartment next door and beam hostile energy into your domain, and by
privacy law, you can do nothing to stop them, even if they are
attacking you, trying to kill you and influence and deteriorate your
functioning - and anything you do against them is a violation of their
rights (Jim Bell situation, seemingly), such that law is onesided, not
observed by oppressors yet the persecuted are held accountable to it,
though within warped terms such that it is a trap, a ruse, to enforce
injustice and malicious authority structures over and against citizens
and populations, to subjugate and control for private self interest of
hegemonic group
they *legally* can get away with murder, and there is nothing you can
do -within language- to reason otherwise or protect yourself, words
are just words, the truth is inaccessible because it is neither
defined or controlled by you, they _own the interpretive rights as
government connected entities of an established structural falsity, an
ideological position of authority beyond all law that becomes law by
fiat of action believed justifiable in private warped relativistic
terms, where bias is normalized as POV
parallel to this is a situation of exchange, as it relates to trust
and truth and information. economics today and commerce provide direct
corollary to this situation in more direct terms, of this corruption
it is the past it is unlikely someone would be able to sell a rotten
bushel of wheat as if it was a bushel of fine quality. and if they
went around doing this to customers, the customers would likely
require that their money be returned because of an unfair exchange, if
not the person put out of business
in other words, a merchant or other person selling shoddy goods then
would have an implicit relation to the purchaser as part of the
exchange -- shared truth -- that the goods are of a certain quality,
and if not a ripoff would occur. and it would seemingly also involve
vengeance if a swindle, such that the seller could be hanged or killed
as a form of communal justice, for cheating/theft would be a crime in
terms of unfair exchange. people likely have been killed throughout
history for selling broken goods or misrepresenting items in terms of
exchange, where this unevenness requires evening itself back out to
return to civil relations or parity between the two parties on a basis
for shared truth and trust, that what is sold is what is purchased.
they money is for a quality bushel of wheat, not a rotten bushel
unless this is otherwise noted, and the exchange rate modified
accordingly to those parameters
into the 20th century, say post-Crystal Palace world exhibitions of
invention, tinkerers and hobbyists going to stores for supplies --
presumably if going to purchase magnets for an experiment or device,
upon purchase they would be magnets and not some fraudulent
non-magnetic imposter material and if this did occur, likely legal
recourse or other justice would be available, via shared sensibility
that a person does not do this to another person, based on shared
ethics, morality, connected with law and fair exchange. the offender
or cheat or crooked person could be imprisoned or worse, murdered by a
vigilante group or person perhaps, as a form of justice if the law did
not adequately address the unjust situation. in that morality or truth
can trump what is recognized or allowed within certain parameters and
a gap can develop, in particular via language that does not adequately
account for or model given situations- thus requiring interpretation
or external analysis and accounting to balance the dynamics and return
to a shared framework of justice, based on shared truth, the basis for
shared exchange
somewhere approximately with computers, it became legal to make and
sell shoddy goods, and this became protected by law, by legal
interpretation, by signed documents that map to protected views and
positiosn of authority. in this way, unequal exchange was normalized,
where an item could be sold 'broken' or could be made to break, and
thus this corruption has been institutionalized as its own business
practice, a way to increase profit (via upgrades or fixes, repairs,
replacement, new devices).
in doing so, the issue of quality has vanished in exchange, so that
the money that is traded for a given item is not purchasing something
in proper working condition that is made to sustain itself in these
parameters, and instead of a clockwork device that automatically winds
down into disrepair, designed this way, requiring maintenance to
upkeep- or even, allowed to be made dysfunctional via updates hidden
or not, that can limit or disallow functioning of the device via a
deteriorated/devolved condition, and this has become the cornerstone
of 'new economy', 'communication', 'education', 'careers',
'development', 'social relations', and so on- the economy itself.
what protects this process are signed pieces of paper, that prevent
this abuse from being dealt with fairly in terms of its being a
massive swindle that takes money via deceptive and fraudulent
practices and removes power and functioning from citizens and moves
this to those in positions of authority, at the top of the pyramid
scheme, who 'mismanage' the entire works as a giant malfunctioning
organism that they are in control of, via schemes that operate and
function beyond the law, yet as the law
it is not possible to 'reason' or argue with the legal documents
because they are not based in truth, only in power that maps into
money as the embodiment of truth-- such that the language is hollow,
it is only about maintaining power and authority over interpretation,
and not of observing shared truth of the situation. it is biased,
onesided, ideological, and must be 'signed' to make it legal, to have
or use tools and equipment on these corrupt terms, aka- user
agreements. thus the unequal exchange is thus institutionalized,
normalized, and becomes the foundation for a new bubble society &
civilization operating within these corrupt terms -- protected and
defended by ungrounded language that has its signs substitute for
truth, this [signage] becoming the one-way administration and
management of ideological power that is borne from the corrupt code of
the US constitution as legal right of citizens, which instead due to
its gender-bias, maps into both private wo|man and corporations as
having their allegiance only to themselves and not public humanity,
which then can be exploited to the utmost, notably within basic
exchange with commerce in the everyday-- much sold is subverted,
corrupted, broken by design or manufacturing via sabotage, where
people are paying for something they are not receiving -- yet there is
no legal recourse to this due to the shield of language devoid of
truth, that is not beholden to being accounted for in its truth,
outside or beyond this private framework of authority and power over
it and others, institutionalized by pieces of signed paper that do not
observe truth beyond those views and beliefs that benefit their own
interests firstly. this is religious, yet devoid of morality and
ethics beyond a context and framework of money- money is the core, yet
it is 'nothing' without truth, yet stands in for it as sign, thus
money verifies and legitimates the correctness of this practice as it
validates beneficence of onesided profit in exchange, a warped view of
this extends into issues of security. planting bugs in equipment to
protect the sacristy of the state (that is, its commitment to truth)
is one thing. breaking equipment so people cannot communicate or use
tools to improve their situation, because it threatens self-interest
and control of hidden managers is another. signed documents or
language protects these activities without holding them accountable so
both purposes fall under the same language, yet different in
interpretation, what truth is allowed or denied, is it human or
antihuman values administering the policies and attacks on privacy,
etc. and language itself, disconnected and nonobservant of truth, is
just communication as babble in turn, as it does not ground to the
shared reality that exists, and instead falls into some lines of force
of bias, of some fragmentary view or another, contained within layers
and layers deep of lies and bullshit, and this is where violence and
laws and intimidation are occurring, and yet cannot be mediated in
terms of reason with institutions signing off on tactics via secret
meetings or proceedings -- the feedback is not about 'truth', it is
about maintaining power and authority, removed of accounting for
external truth beyond what is beneficial to those in the shared set or
committee or demographic, profiting from it
you cannot get anywhere with logically reasoning truth in this
environment or bureaucracy. this then is an extreme form of mental
violence, emotional and psychological violence, that cannot be dealt
with, and yet must be grounded by individuals- where basically people
are constrained and mute, unable to
communicate or reason about what is going on because they lost
fundamental truth with themselves by adapting and integrating the lies
into their own lies and likely benefiting along the way, until some
day it goes against their interests, large or small, though will only
grow the more out of phase it gets
anything the person does is considered or interpretable as violence
against the corrupted state that can and will and does *retaliate* in
response to any slight, as if extremely petty, accounting for any
error while subsisting on this state of error to rule over everyone
captured within the concentration camp it creates, citizens prisoners
within a state that does not represent them though also seeks their
demise by systematic, manufactured means. surveillance, psychiatric or
other drugs, illiteracy, toxic food, toxic air, toxic shelter, toxic
social relations, sociopathic media, etc. anything you do against its
wishes is prosecutable via onesided 'processing' of warped views,
madness itself that is in charge and judge, surrounding jury of
invaders and traitors, and active executioner, passive & active
signed paper and bureaucracy beat sledgehammer every time
no truth, no accountability to logical empirical reasoning of
situation in constitution context, ones (T) and zeros (F)
then it is _impossible to get framework for fairness
mathematically impossible. insane violence, this is
the state is mad and beyond any law, and functioning
against citizens in dictatorial mode, purging dissenters
it can legally be dealt with via original code:
military takes over control of the state, martial law,
constitutional convention -> new US constitution
within human parameters of 3-value/N-value logic
v. binary interest of private gender to represent all
(first thing would be refunds for the epic PC swindle)

@_date: 2014-01-09 03:36:29
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
(perhaps that is it then, if a circling c-130 electronics warfare aircraft
can siphon up all signals in a given geography else satellite overhead
and access all Vehicle IDs to target and track. thanks for the info)

@_date: 2014-01-03 19:40:40
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
note: all of this can happens or is allowed because of legal documents
and authorizing papers - language - that legitimates this process of law
yet its very truth cannot be accounted for, is beyond external accounting
except for those in power who share views, agendas, and 'private values'.
it is the tyranny of language that stands in for law, power of language
over truth, that substitutes for truth, ego of belief replaces thought/mind,
default processing of shared self-interest is ~reality via this corrupt path.
the warped pseudo-truth shared by the group, as if public, universal pov,
then having to submit or be aligned with it, by force or submission, etc.
this is subjugation and oppression via language, truth is not basis for law,
shared opinions and shared interests in hierarchic authority framework are
which amounts to power determining what is true, via relativistic viewpoints,
language game, reliant on onesided binary ideological presentation of facts,
able to discard, edit, censor, deny, ignore anything outside private boundary
(US constitution allows for this. its corruption leads to this corruption)
same is true of money, legal tender: Constitution <==> currency
    (pT) Constitution ---> (pT) money = unfair exchange
     (F) Constitution ---> (F) money = unfair exchange
      (T) Constitution ---> (T) money = fair exchange
in other words, the corruption is institutionalized, from constitution
outward, where its errors then map and scale into other connected
structural dynamics. it defines and legally allows these situations
to exist in the given parameters, making them into citizen 'rights'
(that corporations are equal to human citizens another absurdity,
esp. when allowed to function in private self-interest at cost of all)

@_date: 2014-01-03 02:53:47
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
hello CJ,
i have heard the UK is the surveillance capital of the world,
at least in terms of CCTV density and from what you indicate
much further ahead with license plate readers at every juncture,
where in this city, only a few intersections have automated
license plate readers for speeding or red light ticketing, if not
mistaken. perhaps this higher density is the future, then, that
is attempting to be advanced as infrastructure itself, where
each traffic light and eventually eventually every streetlight
is a sensor base for such 'accounting tools' of the state
(somewhat like voting in reverse, polling negative dynamics,
ubiquitous surveillance infrastructure as new damocles sword)
in the US there are radio frequency transponders for toll booths,
and high-occupancy vehicle lanes (drive faster in special highway
lane if multiple people in car) and black boxes for insurance. i do
not have a motor vehicle though assume stickers include RFID
for access and scanning, say for parking badges, etc. and then
GPS and all that, cellphones, everything indicates an existing
capacity to track, if these elements are active & functioning
i was tending to think somewhat obliquely about this, such
that, it is as if 'everything is above board' with surveillance tools,
tactics, and techniques. as if it is in a catalog available as PDF,
versus never on the books, that it is part of a black program or
black project infrastructure. and this likely involves vehicles in
some undocumented way, as would even be reasonable if the
threat model involves needing to locate car Z without a person
having a cellphone or transponder, who is going to detonate
a nuclear suitcase, and you need to locate that car. and so
under those circumstances, how do you do that, immediately
compare and contrast an unequipped car, no gps, no cellphone,
nothing. what is the likelihood that a car is driving around in this
day without a signature that could be identified remotely, as if
the car is some special autonomous platform for moving about,
outside of a security context even, as if a special realm of
privilege that is safe from surveillance. to me this is not very
realistic as a starting point, given the larger context, and thus
consider the lowly photocopier by contrast, or the basic printer
used with a computer. even these devices are not autonomous.
there are hidden watermarks that allow tracing and copies of
any scans and printouts, that level of invisible tracking that
could be activated/reviewed if need be in a security scenario
so too, vehicles. with certainty. why would a piece of paper
require such tracking and not a mode of individual transport.
and must it require an add-on or is it a hidden functionality
or parameter. must it be an overt, agreed upon, legislated
device that is on the dashboard (say gps or cellphone else
blackbox), or might it be invisible, built into the car itself,
embedded as a hidden data parameter that can only be
accessed by knowing how to access & read the output
my view of this is civilizational, development of culture, in
the framework of Lewis Mumford who placed technological
events in a ecological context, as a series of processes in
that various actions combine to result in a given artifact or
tool, it is not made out of whole technological cloth, instead
requires planning, logistics, assembly, and involves issues
not only of design though also materials, procurement, etc
in this way, mining, the going into the earth to get raw
materials and resources that are refined into metals or
separated into other elements, say diamonds for giant
circular saw blades separated from stone, or also into
geological surveying for natural gas, oil, water, steam
in geophysics context for power generation, uranium.
this is, like with the Bronze age, a leading, cutting edge
of civilization, development, its technological advancement
pre-uranium mining, post-uranium mining, consider how
culture may have changed in awareness, capacity, etc.
hydrogen, or other advances in science, tools, technology
so, an artifact and assemblage/ecosystem of computers
today are likewise tied into this process of mining, esp.
of rare earth minerals, gold, silver, that make circuitboards
and various transistor or other unique electrical insulator/
conductor, or magnetic properties harnessed to compute
with, create screens and displays with, stronger metals
Ford automotive, manufacturing plants of the earliest
assemblyline for car manufacturing, was based around
logistics of lining up, not only workers on the line to piece
together cars in a coordinated, orchestrated sequence, it
also involved movement of raw materials, their processing,
shaping of the steel, trains and railheads, smelters, and
electrical generation of power, such that the entire system
functioned as a gigantic machine, humans and technology
in fluid interaction and then figuring this out in total detail;
thus mass produced low-cost high-tech vehicles for sale
the economics where ecosystem-based dynamics, the
calculus was figured out via Taylorist principles (related
to electrical light and clocktime and machine efficiency)
and so it was highly connected to this mining of material,
which then flowed through this system, and eventually was
output into a vehicle as product of the production process
part of this issue of raw materials is that, they are valuable
and oftentimes wars are fought over natural resources, so
they are a leading edge of civilization or national development
as they feed into the organization/organism that needs and
requires that 'data' to flow into the system and be processed,
as part of a transformative value chain that starts as another
fragment and then combines with others into an integrated
entity or design of some kind. this is somewhat like today,
say where just-in-time manufacturing and FABs in Taiwan
are used to limit production to only what is ordered for given
computers, getting that level of control over production and
use of resources, though still tied to fluctuating prices, yet
also not in control of the total process, instead distributed
or differentiated across various industries and geographies
which is why the shipping container is perhaps so symbolic
of world order, of ecosystem/ecological world-scale dynamic
part of this situation is the securing of resources, which
can have diplomatic or contested relations that potentially
could threaten the state if lost, or benefit if more is gained
so the military is likely highly connected with these realms,
whether overtly or as substructure. they likely are attuned to
the finest detail of parameters as it relates to state security
or its planning and development. i do not believe they could
feasibly be disconnected. most obvious oil. its relation to war.
in other words, any natural resource that feeds into this system
that sustains the state and the state requires for its security and
ultimate survival is inherently in a military and defense context.
these are not separate industries, in my view or understanding,
because the military must have knowledge of how they function
and be able to employ them in offensive and defensive scenarios,
there is overlap between civilian and industrial and military, also
hierarchy by law, such that these realms can be managed by
the military in times of war, say for factories to produce other
material such as car factories to make tanks, planes, weapons
(cf. legally require PC manufacturers to install surveillance tools)
so there is always the implicit relation between industries that
access natural resources and develop them, that the military
has a structural connection and can take over their management
within certain parameters or goals aligned with war agendas, etc
so imagine this as a layer that may not be overt or activated yet
it is always present, always a potential variable in any given item
or thing or situation to do with the state. anything. prostitution to
drugs to canned soup to making placemats. it is a condition or
existential situation of the state in relation to all of its dynamics,
and how these could be changed in various situations and how
they could be leveraged differently, for better or worse, given
their management, orchestration as a single giant ecosystem
now at world scale, perhaps beyond cold war boundaries and
into another realm of organization, say humans vs. enemies
if you take an infrastructure view (itself nearly totally military,
roads and highways planned and built for military strategy,
GPS, telecom) there is likewise a context in which vehicles
exist and move about, that is inherently military and defense
oriented, else perhaps indicates parallel or unknown systems
that have priority and are related hierarchically with existing
systems (spectrum allocations, for instance). so whether or
not observable, ordinary spacetime & place already exist in
this military context because it is managing the civilian area
that has developed inside its parameters. as if nested set.
or so it is assumed, based on 'security requirements' that
there is another communications system, another GPS than
only the consumer version, likely quantum computers existing
beyond consumer technology for massive data processing, and
various other hidden parameters that could suddenly begin to
'manage the chaotic situation' of the state in a defensive or
war context - which is actually the legal situation that exists
and has been signed off on by representatives of the state
the aspect here is that it may not all be visible or need to
be spoken about to exist as 'legal' in terms of defense or in
a military context, especially say if the context involves that
of insurgency and running counterinsurgency operations on
home soil, where such dynamics cannot be acknowledged
for security reasons - and yet if there was some aspect or
weakness in the system as designed, that could actually
in some fundamental way knowingly threaten the state in
the way it exists -- it is probable some action would be
required and would be taken to ensure it is dealt with,
not ignored due to conventional rules, laws, consensus
the military view in terms of defense and security is its
own consensus, in a way that precedes voting of citizens.
people and institutions who fight and die and defend are
operating in different parameters than those who seek
their own enjoyment or wealth firstly, as a state of mind
and so, people may be obvious to this as a context, that
they could be walking around in a war-zone that is passive
or occurring within bureaucracy, because the situation has
not been defined externally yet, the trigger has not occurred
to divide the masses and so everything appears unified at
the same time a real threat of terrorism exists in ambiguity
my point was that, in this scenario, when there is a need
to identify a given vehicle in a context of satellites and of
antennas (50 yrs now), that it is probable that vehicle ID
exists in some way that is a hidden parameter within the
vehicle platform, some antenna or some burst transmitter
that sends back a qr-code like signature if pinged, such
that if need be, data could be gathered beyond having
an active device requiring a battery to handshake signals
if - that is, it is an actual threat to the state. having the
ability to drive a car around without anyone being able
to track it because a person avoids leaving a known trail,
say by no use of cellphone, no gps.
now this may be totally wrong. and maybe it requires a
mechanic connected with special police operations to
plant a bug or tracker on a targets car, yet in a context
of mass surveillance and invisible antennas, given such
priority to identification of items, down to paper and scans,
how likely is it that a car is autonomous & not trackable?
not in the context of rule of law of police. in the context
of, there are no rules, a nuclear bomb is going off, the
military is involved - what are the options...
"you cannot find the car?
WTF do you mean you cannot find the car?!"
i do not believe that is going to be unthought about by
the manufacturers who may have a military dimension
or review of the security or defense issues involved if it
were necessary or could be implemented without any
legal or other issues, of use only in a layered threat
model where it is legal yet hidden, for such tracking
if it does not exist, it probably should exist and would
be frightening if it did not, in the nuclear suitcase scenario
"we could not track the car, we lost a major metropolitan city"
given the QR-code signature parallel, a ping of a very large
geography by satellite network could find a needle in haystack
if a moving vehicle or not, potentially, as with millions of stars,
say via gathering the energy and sending it backwards again
as an encoded relay. if you can get the signal from Voyager
out of the solar system on a fraction of a billionth of a watt,
it is likely a car could reflect data though perhaps the issue
of parsing or gathering it is not realistic. which is why there
may be more use to cellular towers, who knows. there is
artificial radiation everywhere that could be used for this
type of monitoring and tracking while remaining hidden,
undocumented, beyond the threshold of observation
so if a photocopier has tracking of both scans & printouts,
and a computer printer likewise, watermarking the paper,
just to track it if need be- why would vehicle be immune
from this, especially given their importance to tracking.
it seems completely unlikely it is not built into vehicles
as part of this total process, including a security/defense
military aspect within a society of mass surveillance as
the terms of relation, where friend and foe are citizens
in the larger sense of ecosystem then, cars implicitly
belong inside this military framework, their connection
with resources, manufacturing, and tracking of people
of interest or threats to the state is probably part of the
military dimension that likely exists unaccounted for
there would be no public legislation about such things.
they would just exist, signed off in some secret committee
and used only within certain parameters and not others
the tell would be if such systems existed and begin to
be employed or deployed in police state tactics, and
this is where the NSA surveillance seems to tread
such that this security and defense infrastructure is
being used for political advantage, exploited, abused
to consolidate power beyond the law, as if the head
of the state itself in a hegemonic or dictatorial mode
the military exists to crush these kinds of situations
(yet it may not be the military visible on the television)

@_date: 2014-01-03 01:25:16
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
Jim, correct me if i am wrong, what happened sounds like
a criminal or conspiratorial prosecution occurring outside or
beyond known law, a secret operation perhaps, that was a
precursor to rolling-out this type of prosecution program at
the larger scale in the present day, perhaps tied into NSA
surveillance of populations- a canary in coalmine situation;
same tactics, more empowered, nothing to stop it legally,
and removing dissidents and unwanted viewpoints bit by bit
i think you said this already though wanted to reiterate it
in the expanded context, to see if it is an accurate summary
(the mental illness trap ubiquitous, if not own families turning
on children or each other, then teachers on students, etc.
a different approach to forced censorship, silencing, and of
reeducation, retraining, reprogramming. the perfect setup
for takedown in unaccounted for parameters. labeled crazy
without recourse to logically reason viewpoints: doomed.)

@_date: 2014-01-02 23:50:48
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
given NSA interdiction of e-commerce shipments to plant bugs
and subvert functioning, you really think bicycles are not implanted
with bugs of those targeted, for similar tracking, or e-commerce
shipped shoes are beyond interest of tracking with implants. it
seems highly probable that degree of tracking is going on for
those who are targeted via infrastructure. if they can track a
cellphone via, say streetlight or traffic light sensor systems,
certainly rfid in shoe or other hidden sensors say in bicycles
could likewise be very useful, beyond cameras, transponder-
like, especially if without phone. i think things are way beyond
the limits of visual surveillance, other sensing/tracking involved.

@_date: 2014-01-02 18:04:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
observation:  with regard to illegal and fraudulent tactics used in
your prosecution, court case, appeal, etc. it is wondered if the
corrupt actions of individuals may go beyond a severawl government
employees acting this way in isolation, and instead involve a hidden
or structural approach, such as a domestic FISA-like program, where
their actions are protected and so they are not concerned with issues
of their own wrong doing because they are acting as part of a larger
organized, coordinated effort. perhaps beyond normal processes though
still 'legal' due to secret laws or secret hearings or decisions
allowing this activity to occur. it seems more likely that activity
like this is signed-off-on by someone with authority than not, unless
there is total lawlessness within government and bureaucracy. i do not
know enough to know though tend to believe the fraudulent activities
must be structural not anomalous, given their coordination and purpose
to convict and create endless problems with the bureaucracy.
about the V2V cars- what is the likelihood that automobiles are _not
tagged in some way, just like computers, given that location or other
data is critically important and perhaps more easily accessible or
tracked outside of a particular environment, say run-ups to meetings
or whatever, the timeliness of data as it approaches a meeting point,
thus ramps up in criticality, say if a cellphone conversation decides
actions minutes before an encounter. or, to scan a city for someone
via satellites, pinging the missing submarine from satellite. given
highest priority to own every computer, how likely is it that vehicles
are not already being tracked, regardless of 'known technology' that
then brings this tracking into the open. even if via passive means,
giant RFID in the sky/net, say serial  that reflect back with
vehicle title databases, mapping geographies this way, 100,000
vehicles return signals, as if looking at asphalt and concrete heavens
using astronomy software to parse star/car-names. either installed in
new vehicles by default, or when serviced if a focused customer.
perhaps not advanced beyond passive ping, though are vehicles really
driving around autonomously besides redlight cameras and speed traps?
doubt it.

@_date: 2014-01-02 23:55:20
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Fwd: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Hi Brian, and happy new year. Thanks for another thought provoking post.
A few things you might not be aware of happening over here in Europe,
specifically the UK:
We have ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) cameras in place on
every motorway junction, plus all major roads. They aren't advertised,
they look like plain grey boxes, but people are slowly catching on to
what they do, and how much they see. A journey from one end of the
country to the other can be tracked in real time.
An EU Directive has stated that all new cars must have inbuilt 3G
capability "in case of accidents". I personally do not believe this
reason, and suspect it's just another form of tracking surveillance.
Lastly, our government a few years back came up with an idea to fit
"black box" recorders in *all* cars but the public backlash was so
huge they shelved the idea. Instead, the insurance industry has
adopted the technology, so new drivers and those with a poor accident
record can opt to have one of these boxes fitted in return for a
discount on their insurance. It is now becoming a norm for young
people to take this option; when I ask them why they are prepared to
violate their own privacy they just shrug, but I guess privacy means
something different to the Facebook generation.
Conversely, it is now becoming *more* expensive to insure a car if you
do not have a black box; they have tried norming this by penalising
the law abiding (but privacy conscious).
Anyway, just thought you might like to know.
Best, CJ

@_date: 2014-01-18 04:04:58
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: wld b nice to know what these procedures entail 
have been thinking for some time that given the vast document
cache by Snowden if not others, that making a public list of the
highest known priority topics -- beyond software/hardware model
of net.warfare, and instead, as of yet undocumented or unknown
territory, as if a FOIA request, my picks would be anything neuro-
or nervous system, also directed energy, as it relates to attacks,
weapons, fielded infrastructure or what is placed in hands of local
police state on the offensive against citizens using their rights.
then perhaps priority vetting or keyword searches by those with
the data, to seek to fulfill requests for that information outside
the perish if publishing 'news-style' account, no-wave-making
required while tsunami radiation & sonic attacks occurring live
perhaps a top-twenty list: my requests as mentioned:::
 neurology based equipment and attacks employed by
or in use with NSA surveillance and electronic or other warfare
attacks inside the USA, in any intelligence or police activities;
as these may relate to stand-alone tools, processes, or involve
distributed systems, and fielded infrastructure (cellular,other)
 directed energy (EMFs,radiation,acoustics,sound,infrasound,
other) weapons or tools deployed or used in the USA against
citizens, including standalone, networked, or infrastructure,
as these may also relate to dual-use technologies (routers)
where functioning may occur in covert, unlisted parameters
... others ideas, and then make a public listing, perhaps even
run an ad in the New York Times, Sunday edition, to demand
public information, release of any data within these parameters
if such a list could be compiled then an organized approach to
the data could help structuring the released information, vetting
it based on priority and not news cycle whims based on politics
perhaps ten points to keep it simple or start with five topics and
keep it focused upon the most aggressive police state tactics.
any confirmation of this known activity would cause continuing
abuses to collapse due to sunshine on crimes against citizens
question is: how might they deny it, and so how to find how it
is organized. for instance, what is actual range of 'implants',
would information exist in the clear about these covert projects
or is it out of bounds even for the information stolen, classified
at a higher level or in another agency or category. how to find
what fragments may exist about functioning, fielded programs,
what parameters to search for to triangulate data thus provide
framework for disclosure, rationalization allowing dialogue vs
no context to share such information, unbelievable to many

@_date: 2015-01-17 18:17:34
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: on money /2 (resend) EX.+ 
(also need to clarify a structural issue which is variable...)
If you are evaluating economic issues in systematic terms, as this
relates to cryptocurrency et al, this evaluation is dependent on how
it is observed and in what terms and parameters, beginning with the
identity of the observer and the framework of the observation. Thus a
person sees or observes a certain scenario in part based on their own
conceptualization of what is going on and a threshold of what can be
perceived in those specific parameters.
And thus an issue of limits and boundary for what is perceptible, say
with alternative currency, in relation with the existing economy and
how this is considered, in popular terms of groups and mainstream
discussions say, which then format or solidify these views,
parameters, structures, "beliefs."
So people can readily enter into abstractions like capitalism,
capital, markets, public, private, profit, equality, inequality,
exploitation, communal, etc; though these terms and frameworks are
framework and consideration. The views could be only partially true,
or of limited truth, versus assumed true in a binary black&white
mindset, because it is an agreed upon shared belief or POV, as if this
equates with accurate observation (relativism feigning empiricism
while never addressing issue of errors or falsifiability of beliefs;
Thus observations of Bitcoin or crypto for that matter _begin in such
a condition of observation, and communications and viewpoints operate
within such an unchecked domain as /ideas/ that if agreed upon have
the appearance or semblance of truth, though in a psychological realm
of beliefs, which is not grounded truth in a material framework with
everything figured out and errors removed, panoptically validated,
error checked and corrected.
Taking this structural issue of observation into consideration, which
would be required for accurate empirical observations that remove
falsity from views as a requirement for modeling of ideas, then leads
to addressing warps and imbalances based upon these falsities that
persist in common models, that function as if they are true or real,
yet which can be ungrounded and faith-based viewpoints or beliefs that
are not based on external verifiable truth, and even can be falsified
as views/beliefs, though oftentimes observers precisely do not want to
acknowledge their own fallibility in these binary viewpoints based on
ideology or answered questions, in which too simple solutions then
offer up the world as if an issue only of sharing opinions, where the
more powerful the viewpoint the more true it is, in some sense.
For instance, the poor and people on welfare do not want to work, from
the logic* of private mankind. If evaluating the psychology of the
observer in this standpoint, it is a self-beneficial approach in
certain parameters, because if there the economic system is based on
capitalism, it is precisely this gap or shortage that is structurally
required in order for some to profit more than others due to this
imbalance. In that for someone to win then someone has to lose, and
the poor are the losers. Some may not want to work, though some may
and have become trapped in structural poverty. And some may work and
not get paid for what they do and others may volunteer, which could be
the same or different things depending on view. Yet the extension of
this belief or prejudice within these terms are that the poor are
morally inferior and the rich morally superior in this system of
value, as success and failure is pegged to monetary wealth. What this
leads to is a type of cannibalistic moralism of the rich who seek to
gain absolute profit from within this system, by taking away services
to the poor and middle-class, such as health-care or jeopardize mere
survival (with views that people should not even be allowed to live or
be supported by the private state if monetarily unsuccessful, how
fascist is that), and surveillance plays a large role in this,
auditing and accounting for dollars that are *theirs*, the basis for
further profiting, maximal economy of the poor to allow for the
maximal excess and surplus of wealth for the upperclass and rich. In
other words, millionaires, billionaires, and middle-class new royalty
require homelessness, poverty, lack of survives, to sustain and grown
the imbalance, the gap that separates one citizen from another, as
divided population.
So quality-of-life is viewed criminal if on Social Security and-or
Disability or public welfare by the ruling class and they use
surveillance and monitoring and actively punish people who try to move
out of these scenarios, censoring actions and ruining work tools to
disallow work, because the whole system is based on not having people
work. That is the big lie involved. And these systems are set up so
that you cannot work your way out of it, once on the inside, unless
having wealth or connections to get out. There is massive top-down
pressure to subjugate people within these systems, not least through
taxes that have no data fields to report situations that exist, thus
entrapping people for doing their taxes wrong or else requiring a
politically-biased tax representative to mediate tax issues in
exploitative terms. Also, bureaucracy shuts down, so that paperwork is
lost needed to make a claim or phones are not answered, at the same
time systems and functioning predictably go awry, and stop functioning
correctly. It is dirty warfare at the level of bureaucracy against the
citizenry on the inside of these systems, where political bias favors
the rich, with state and federal systems supporting and serving this
oppression and concentration of power of private wealth of mankind
over the public and private citizen.
In this way, money itself functions as the mediary of this condition,
on behalf of warped private politics providing advantage to some over
others, and this is normalized as the everyday situation, one person
in competition with another for survival, while some have vastly more
than is needed to survive while others are starving, and many cannot
maintain even basic survival due to pressures for wealth to occur at
the cost of health, food, etc.
This is the classic win-lose situation, the proverbial zero-sum game
seemingly, and yet it is by default perceived within an 18th century
framework as defined and legally allowed by the US constitution, where
'common' relations are defined in *private* terms, of relations
between private men, where 'the public' is the shared set of these men
in their common interest.  Some this logic of private man allows some
group of private citizens (wo|men) to represent the public, and those
'not-them' are then /the competition/, other citizens, where profit is
gained at their loss. This is the basic model for the economic,
political, and social system in exploitative aristocratic if not
despotic terms, the more it is refined over the last many _centuries.
Thus mainly private men profit from the losses of other men, said to
be equally citizens, as well as and especially women (pre-suffrage and
beyond). At some point it would not be unimaginable that for others to
profit, newborns should just be killed except for the offspring of the
wealthy and whatever number of worker children are needed to support
them. That is the ugly political ideology underneath these same
everyday dynamics.
This is not a human viewpoint. Nor can a human viewpoint be allowed
within the US constitution- it is *banned* from being reasoned this
way, due to authority over its interpretation, as institutionalized
and operational within the privatized state, government, education,
workplaces, communities. You will be censored for trying to say or
speak or reason beyond the default 'shared views of man' as the
supreme value and 'shared (private) interest.' If stubborn enough you
will be medicated and your physiology changed if not destroyed by
psychiatrists so you cannot continue to reason anymore, these tactics
in cybernetic defense of the status quo, to keep the ideological
machinery running as smoothly and friction-free as possible, for
This is the default, where things begin. Someone says- "i want to do
[xyz]", and that occurs within this context, framework, realm of
communication. These are the dynamics, pressures and forces at work,
and the more they are adapted to, the easier it is to succeed _within
the existing system. The easier it it to gain money, livelihood,
status, ego reward via success not failure, etc. Which all-in-all
tends towards mediocrity, at its peak. To a monocultural sameness of
only a limited interest and focus, which then the entire population is
supporting and serving through their participation.
The monetary system of US dollars supports all of these dynamics as
the basis for exchange. Entropic flows of power and wealth move from
those who are being exploited to those exploiting, structural
expropriation is the rule, it is a physical law and psychological
framework of believed rightness which then maps to morals and power as
if equated with truth, brute force engineering of reality, at the cost
of others lives, and reality itself. And so the Internet is squarely
situated within this condition, also mediating these dynamics, as if
its nervous system and communications backbone that allows for the
fluid exchange of this as ideology, where we are little neurons blip
and bleep our views within this framework yet that a more massive and
over-dominating informational model operates which is not part of this
communication, and yet determines what is being said and how, in what
acceptable terms. So the shared body (and mind or -capital-) of the
state is at war with itself, because only part of it is allowed to
live and this is at the expense of the other parts, the whole is
divided and then uses the majority of its resources to support only a
few of its citizens, while others suffer miserably and die miserable
deaths or exist in poverty or struggle to meet basic needs, while a
few have friction-free hedonist lifestyles, that maps down into their
family tree at local levels as royal or aristocratic hierarchy grounds
in the unshared community. Its their body, their mind, yet our bodies,
our minds supporting their survival while they seek to eliminate ours
for their selfish benefit. That is not against a person, that is the
way the state is configured and has destroyed itself via biased and
limiting parameters, and how money can serve some people moreso than
The thing is, first, the idea of capital today is ideological. It is
marxist bullshit repeated to allow these dynamics to continue and is
not at a resolution to allow those conversations and analysis to
accurately deal with this situation in the terms necessary. It views
'wealth' in primarily material terms and does have distinguish to the
degree needed to coherently model what is occurring in the dimensions
that exist. Consider the idea of capital in relation to architecture,
for instance. The human body and the human mind (the duality of
thought versus action, or material and 'immaterial' or information, or
matter and information) as this relates to an architectural column and
and a capital atop it (per the Classical Orders of Western
architecture, Doric, Ionic, etc.)  This is a conceptual model of the
individual and the state, the column is the body  and the capital is
the mind, and when in a larger structure, the spanning of these
columns (via entablature) such as in Greek temple architecture, then
allows a larger shared condition to be supported by these individuals
(a roof or ceiling, though also, in terms of the Parthenon, Pantheon
and oculus of shared interiority). This same conceptualization is on
the back of the dollar bill as pyramid, with the pyramid capstone
representing an empirical 'eye' of shared identity.
What ideological capitalism does with this, when only privatized, is
take all the effort of the base supporting structure, all the bodies
and minds, and using that in an exploitative way to support the
eyesight and interests of only a few, who sit at the top of the
pyramid that everyone else supports. Thus some men are at the top of
humanity and other men and women and children support this condition,
where they are seemingly superior for being 'placed' in such a
situation, as if by divine providence and not absolute corruption. And
likewise, their vision is limited to themselves and their own
interests, which are based on exploitation of others (who are not
viewed of the shared set). This is what money has become and
effectively is.
In contrast, capitalism that is recognized in terms of truth (versus
material stuff), where the mind governs over the body and its
primitive instincts and
base animalistic interests then would have 'reason' be the safeguard
to mediate this condition, where governance (democracy, otherwise)
vote or tally other views of the group (as potential shared set) to
configure these interactions. Yet again, if limited to private mankind
and private interests where material profit are first, and external
truth can be ignored as a constitutional *right*, then censoring of
other human views and the common condition and interest can be ignored
and managed away, to sustain the same pyramid scheme as if highest
activity, while requiring suppression of others and falsification of
beliefs, to enable these dynamics to continue. Which occurs in
materialistic terms, where money functions as proof or the truth of
this situation, as agreed to by a group of private citizens
systematically benefiting from these exploitative terms. The state
cannibalizes itself in order to continue its growth, where humans are
ground up to enable supermen to have their fantasy lifestyles of the
rich and famous reality shows.
So money or legal tender or currency then snaps-to-fit (photoshop
term, akin to lines of force influence) into this situation and serves
it by default, and functions essentially as electrons -- or currency
as /current/ -- which has a material dimension in terms of physical
stuff or related-thingness yet also an informational dimension, data
is entangled with how this money flows and is processed, literally
represented by RFID tracking dots and  threads though moreso, or prior
to this and foundationally, 'the shared truth' that was once agreed
upon when defining the standard, that never was upgraded/transformed
beyond the original limiting intent of private men as the public
(mankind), when since has humankind serving private citizens, to
support their private state at public expense. In other words humanity
has been disenfranchised by their own state, and its not being
addressed or addressable (especially in surveillance crackdown of
other thinking, and loss of reasoning within society beyond
oppositional binary absolute views) then leads to civil collapse, the
commons evaporates between people, and only some people matter within
the shared state, retain value as citizens. Or they have more value,
and others less. Which is not the original intent, idea or otherwise,
which supposedly 'common rights' were supposed to protect, except they
were defined in what today are obviously private terms; of man, not of
So the idea of currency, is that it allows a fair exchange between
people. And for this to occur, a standard of trust needs to exist,
truth that is shared between them, about what constitutes and
legitimates this as a win-win exchange. In that one person just does
not give another their money and get nothing in return, because it
would need to balance over all, and be an equitable exchange or trade.
(And yet more and more this subversion tactic is occurring via
deterioration of production, selling of junk, etc). And thus when
'truth went missing' from exchange, due to one binary viewpoint over
another, the common interest in the exchange vanished, and legal
protection, where one group has more power and another is
disenfranchised yet using the same money. Lawyers best represent the
areas this involves and is mediated within, or police, yet gaps exist
where nothing is or can be done, and instead a system of
institutionalized exploitation and subversive leveraging occurs within
and through money, as standardized/normalized which allows win-lose
interactions, and the increase in the gap between the exchange becomes
the basis for profit. (Paying for something and not receiving it, yet
having no recourse, common in e-commerce as business model, 2nd-hand
items, selling damaged/subverted goods as new, etc.)
In a human monetary system, the same money would be helping everyone.
The swindle would be against the group, devaluing the shared currency.
People who systematically cheat or exploit others to profit would meet
communal justice, whether by police or otherwise. The difference is
that the basis for money would include /truth/ as its basis for shared
value, a moral condition that is agreed upon for the exchange and
transfer. The money itself is not the truth (which is the view today,
the physical thing is material truth) and instead what is *represents*
is this condition of shared truth, and the ability of one person to
trust another and relate in a win-win scenario of combined
interaction. In this way, when human beings interact in economic,
social, and governing terms, the columns and capitals (minds/truth)
spanned in the larger construction leads to a grounding of empirical
truth where the collective insight of all people become that 'shared
identity' of humanity at the top of the pyramid, that transcendent
group condition where many function as one, and work together on
behalf of one another and not divided, functioning against or in
opposition to one another.
So the value of money, often claimed to be defined as CAPITAL, if
viewed in base materialistic terms, would be currency itself as a
physical object or stuff, that people need to get hold of so as to
attain their reality and function in the world as real beings who can
actualize their ideas, dreams. As if /truth/ is the material stuff.
The cars, the excess, the showcasing of accumulation, wealth, riches,
in a superficial if not insecure way that defines the purpose of life
and operates within these parameters and not beyond them. The private
mind and mindset all powerful, with the illusion that in attaining
such material wealth and power, in comparison to others, equates to
godliness or god-status, though this is only virtual or a mirage. Its
not actual or real power when dealt with in terms beyond or outside or
even hidden inside this condition.
The idea is that money is privatized by default of its past limiting
interpretation to mankind or private citizenry as the shared communal
set, which then is made legal as a form of interaction by the state,
and propelled into the present unsustainable and hostile condition,
set against life itself. In this limiting, materialism answers all
questions ideologically, stuff equates with truth, with visible
evidence to the limited biased observer where the senses indicate more
success and more power equals greater truth, if not divine agency (in
backwards terms, including morally, ethically, etc.)
This is the opposite way money is supposed to function. The shared set
if accurate would serve everyone, if designed and structured correctly
and with adequate modeling of the common condition. In that human
beings in their public capacity should be the basis for fair exchange
and not the private individual, as this pertains to rights and
responsibilities, including to others. This transforms issues of
property, rights, freedom of speech, censorship, surveillance,
tracking, education, law, everything. And what it involves is moving
from a private logic* of mankind, to a public and private logic of
humanity, where in its private capacity can deal with demographic
difference or details (men, women, ethnicity, income, etc). It is this
level of capacity that needs first to be secured to equitably address
most any ongoing structural issues between or within people and the
combined state. It is an issue of mathematics, not of agreed upon
opinions about what limited views are possible to share in warped
frameworks of private observers, and yet that is the default condition
for discourse in this same condition, a realm of ungrounded
communication and observation that is unshared and cannot be combined
into a larger shared framework precisely because of these limits,
related to binary evaluations and false-limits and views that need to
be corrected, reconfigured, and then structurally related in accurate
terms to get a group view that is coherent, in terms of humanity.
This is what is required to establish equitable currency. In this way,
truth itself is the guarantee for data in its capacity as shared value
for exchange. And in this particular detail is the secret to the
mystery of money, because this is its very essence, that then becomes
the basis for the economy, to institute a system of fair exchange and
trade backed by law, rules, and rights, where it is win-win by default
and enforced within these terms. It is *truth* which is at the center
of things and defines reality, not stuff as perceived by
overly-simplistic evaluation of biased and limited interest. Instead
it is about a comprehensive accounting for ideas and material
conditions that then allows a concept like capital to operate beyond
dogma and the instituted realms of ideology, and engage reality in its
truth (where value originates) versus substitute this for the sign (of
"capital" as this truth, and in this way replace it with a
false-viewpoint that can be manipulated for political benefit to
engineer conditions that support limited conceptualization.)
In this regard it seems unlikely any new currency could function in
terms other than benefiting private citizenry at the cost of the human
public, without first revising the US Constitution and other
frameworks that define money in these terms, whereby the legal system
itself would need to be reframed and grounded to this empirical
condition, required to serve it (truth, not money), as with police,
educators, institutions, and others. That this standard of measure,
where truth is the rule, is what is held in common between people,
versus the allowance for lying if of private benefit, as today.
It is very possible that a merging of capitalism and communal dynamics
are structurally essential and necessary, (what would humanity be if
not to distinguish the shared condition of being human, with the
subset differences between men and women, for instance as this relates
to public/private.) and thus perhaps also there could be currencies
that co-exist in multiple ways that mediate different dynamics, where
profit and no-profit coexist in the same model for when the wiring is
optimal and equitable in those terms. Somewhat like analog and digital
circuits, one or the other versus both, which coincidentally is the
model of the human nervous system, and the state itself as global
nervous system noosphere, though now with a stupid digital brain of a
false-computational god seeking to oppress populations as if 'higher
mind' when a base motivation of power, serving death & falsity.
*logical reasoning.

@_date: 2015-01-17 16:13:00
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: on money /2 (resend) EX. 
here is an example of how cryptocurrency could be approached in a
different framework than simply the default 'replace global monetary
standard' via new alternative electronic currency... which has a
good/bad utopian aspect where realism ranges from the potential to the
impossible, and if not differentiating these, could bring about its
own destruction as a model if not streamlining and doing what it is
best at or focusing on its innovative aspects versus trying to be
everything to all people.
In this way what if Bitcoin were applied in specific controlled
contexts or closed ecosystems where its symbolic value as 'symbolic
money' or rather -currency- (which could span data-to-money and vice
versa) could function as or mediate electronic ~banknotes (sans bank,
or state as bank minus the middlemen and middle-management layer) and
function in parallel to the US dollar, outside the system instead of
tied into it. Like an island ecosystem that is self-sustaining in its
own terms and not directly connected to other existing systems beyond
environmental influences, systemic ebbs & flows.
What if the food supply and issue of government subsidization of
farming, where money is pad *not to distribute* food, to maintain
market conditions, were instead brought into a parallel system that is
detached from the US dollar as the mediating currency, and that if
farmers can indeed provide all the food necessary, if this were a
closed system or a chain of interactions that could be mediated
(within certain parameters, perhaps not all) where there are barter or
other contracts, say between those connected in a functional ecosystem
or food system ecology, (from chemical & product manufacturing to
grocers and food-based manufacturers) where an alternative currency
like Bitcoin mediated these exchanges in terms of contracts, based on
volume and quality per exchange, which could remove entire volatile
sectors from the existing speculative monetary system and stabilize
these relations, to have a beet farmer trade 100% of their output, and
have grocery stores receive this fresh produce at a much lower cost
(if not at cost, feasibly) and then resell produce this way, perhaps
more like organic coop approaches of bags of vegetables for a fixed
price or as a subscription approach to produce, where it would be
cashed out or mediated as dollars -- or even better, if the USG has
the same symbolic currency, it could be loaded onto EBT or citizen
electronic cards and exchanged for every citizen at the grocery store
(via Bitcoin/other) for what has already been paid for by the
government once already, the citizens then gaining access to food,
instead of paying multiple times (akin to multiple taxation, though
multiple payments as per the standard realm of public-private overlap
and repurchasing scenarios).  What if grocers had certain early-chain
or direct-link inventories (fresh produce infrastructure moving from
farms to stores) and that this was outside the existing money system
and yet everything would be okay, remain balanced otherwise, because
it is a closed loop, and does not require cashing out within that
dynamic. In that an island of interconnections, exchanges, could be
mediated in non-monetary though currency terms, and make fair
equitable trades. Such that perhaps farmers could trade between
themselves this way, or for government services or support via this
same system. And stabilize or regulate markets or livelihoods versus
using middlemen corporations to do this, in terms of US currency which
then is the maximal exploitation of this same chained system, to
global biased markets and dynamics, moving money and power away from
people into concentrated groups for maximal leverage that functions
against people in the system, as a form of subjugation. In other
words, what if bitcoin were Farmcoin, etc. Or foodcoin. And what kind
of systems could function like this, and how would *value* be
determined if it is actually based on information and data, and not
relegated to definition in an ever-fluctuating condition of volatile
and fair exchange.

@_date: 2015-01-16 18:14:40
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: on money /2 
(additional notes/thoughts on money & currency in relation to
material bank notes and electronic exchange of money & data,
as this further relates to profiling, tracking, surveillance, modeling,
though also culture, development, latent technological possibilities)
Here wanted to share a few more ideas related to the last post, if not
because they may be of a different than standard interpretation and
allow another viewpoint to consider in terms of what is/& not going on
in these terms. perhaps necessary to distinguish also situationally:
of the present situation, of a transitional condition of major changes
and paradigm shifts, and then a future totally redeveloped context that
may allow a more pure approach than relying on legacy systems of
dysfunction as the basis for further development, extended onward.
In the present day, it seems cryptocurrency is the placeholder or trial
for a future or transitional model of electronic currency that the state
(in its global context) could employ or deploy, wider than the existing
electronic payment and cash systems whether via welfare support (in
the US called EBT (electronic benefit transfer) for foodstamps and-or
cash support) or bank debit cards and credit cards, which range from
access to checking or savings accounts for card holders, to prepaid
cards that store value or represent stored value that can be mediated
via networked infrastructure as part of a payment system/structure.
If considering alternative paper currencies that can legally exist (at
least in the US within certain guidelines), it would not seemingly be
too far off to imagine a 'bitcoin card' that could function as a parallel
payment system carried in a wallet and used on or offline, if it were
to be established in a widely distributed alternative currency model
that exists offline, in a context of these other (if competing) systems.
In that it could involve its own ecosystem of exchange, and yet likely
would be required at some point to be brought into line with tax laws
in some structural way, (unsure of existing status, how these issues
remain suspended) though the larger point is that issues of security
and privacy would be similar in nature to these other similar systems,
in which a level of robustness and protection would be necessary for
massive use of such an alternative, if it were to become normalized.
(meaning: trusting good will of Satoshi would not be enough for this.)
And maybe this is the informal versus formalization aspect involved,
the difference between an experiment and a seemingly steady-state
system that would provide a parallel monetary system or alt.currency.
The difference here also being, in terms of state monetary resources
and those of the federal banking system, as it relates to 'money' that
is represented on these cards, then maps back to fiat currency and-
or bank-notes, which is represented by symbolic 'monetary bits' that
are numbers equated with a universally accessible exchangeable value
(exchange rate if outside the system or converting USD currency, if
paper or electronic currency, else inflationary/deflationary sliding-scale
of value, locally, on the longer-term, month-to-month, year-to-year as
things change, dynamics and relations mapped to price fluctuations.)
In that, specifically, the dollar amount on these electronic cards of the
formal system can be traded for paper currency or cash and when they
exist as numbers representing money in an electronic system or as an
electronic monetary value (or sign or representation) this is a coherent
structural relationship between the numbers represented and this larger
ubiquitous fielded monetary system and its currency, paper or electronic.
The electronic money on the bank card is tied to existing paper currency
(though apparently 'electronic money' of banks is not, and appears to be
detached from the world and function as 'monetary information' as money,
which appears to be the foundation for financialization, monetary engineering
in which new monetary value can be created ex nihilo via various calculations
and esoteric calculus, if not disembodied from the world in an abstract and
separated realm, not just beyond the gold standard of the past, though also
beyond the standard of 'trust' that is the basis for establishing money itself
in terms of shared exchange, where something recognized the same can
be made transferable. It that it seems to be "theoretical money" involved in
some way, at least from a naive outside viewpoint - and here is where the
'bitcoin approach' seems quite similar to what is going on internally, within
the state and within banks and financing sectors, it all rests upon issues
of trust at the base of the system, and thus what if monetary exchanges
and the currency becomes ungrounded via such calculative acrobatics, as
with the nature of theoretical physics of a wrong cosmology, unchecked.)
This is to imagine that perhaps the actual situation of formal systems of
money today are very much like the intangibility of other start-up electronic
currencies, it just so happens one of these is a de facto global standard and
seemingly regulated at least externally at the level of citizenry and
And yet simultaneously appears to be 'highly virtual' as money, where it exists
increasingly as bits or virtual currency, where money is data or
'information', in
that a simple display of numbers with a dollar sign ($10) in a certain
context is
a legal guarantee of such funds and allows them to be exchanged or transfered
in an electronic context, as well as offline. Thus for instance, e-commerce as a
surrounding environment, where online development occurs and is tied back into
the offline world, where the virtual meets the artificial and nature
realms outside
of the infrastructure. In this way, the bank note with RFID is partly
tied into this
accounting system and its various dimensions and dynamics, and moreso the
bank card and credit card, which then carry 'information' about money, or have
access to this money, and can mediate exchanges in various scenarios (such
as over the telephone, online, at a cash register POS machine, or an ATM). In
this way, there is a grounding of what appears to be money, its representation
as data, and its actualization as a shared system everyone operates within to
varying degrees, as this becomes the great leveler in relation to other issues,
how they connect, relate, function or malfunction or short-circuit or
fail to exist
or be modeled in these terms, which range from beneficial to malicious & cruel.
The strange thing is, this money system has become so detached from its
core issue of common trust, so ungrounded in terms of what is "represented"
by the currency, which is an agreed upon connection between people of a
shared state or condition to mediate events in these terms, that instead of
this monetary system serving -everyone-, instead it has become onesided and
an entropic like migration occurs via a structural imbalance that moves money
from one sector of society into another, which then correlates with power based
on this money, and the money has less value in certain contexts and more value
in other areas (peoples, business sectors) given the way these dynamics can be
mediated and subverted, against the other side of a supposedly shared exchange.
In that bad faith can become the standard basis for exchange, which leads to
unshared exchange, someone pays for something they do not receive, or that
their work is not acurately mapped into the income level while for others it is
exponentially inflated, and these dynamics are not agreed upon and instead are
the work of politics and class differentiation and discrimination and
otherwise. So
there is not a level relation occurring in the basic dynamics of
exchange, which is
supposedly based on a shared assumption of value, that today is now
For previous generations the shared value or recognizable common truth that is
at the core of fair exchange then mapped to gold or other storable
value that was
not just of a rare and prized metal - it was also philosophical in
meaning, in terms
of ideas (and cosmology) as this relates to alchemy and core religious meaning.
In that 'the sun' maps into this gold standard, as does 'the one' of a
shared view
and understanding. As this progressed to a more abstract less worldly form of
guarantee, it seems to have relied upon the state itself as this basis
for trust in
a common view for exchange, that citizens had other citizens in their own best
interest and would seek to swindle one another to gain money because their own
trust would be impinged and force censure or other forms of reprisal
for corrupted
actions in these communal terms. Somehow even this 'shared state' or condition
has evaporated, which seems to coincide with the rise of untethered theorization
of society, which in its best aspects is like poetric philosophy, and
in its worst, a
false ungrounded doctrine that is the basis for a deception and false
and worldview, the basis for establishing and sustaining a collective
The basis for a collective beneficial exchange between people seems to have
potentially begun or been established in a bounded aristocratic framework that
served interests of a shared empirical set (powerful interconnected males/ else
the public and private patriarchal 'son/sun' as a shared identity and
basis for the
collective reasoning and representation of
as this then literally mapped to valuable metals (gold as the basis
for currency)
and issues of wealth and prestige and in some sense, the height of this culture.
What appears to have occurred since its material and tangible detachment is that
money and currency appear to be more and more just about information and the
dollar sign ($) as a guarantee of a certain institutionalized value, a
symbolic mark
that is essentially capable of representing an arbitrary custom-bank
note value, to
the decimal point, into a realm of pennies if not beneath this once
limiting threshold
due to its functioning in an abstract realm of numbers and
calculations, primarily.
So long as the state is cohesive, such a federal system and
international order of
shared currency seemingly could continue functioning as the common standard,
as if there is some 'shared truth' underneath it all, a common
viewpoint and value
or *trust* that is held in common between people. And yet, if the
state itself were
to fracture internally, and citizen is held against citizen in a
competing realm of
survival of the fittest, the monetary system could be undermined, and the value
represented by money and held underneath this global system could evaporate,
if the exchanges became structurally unfair, yet guaranteed by this same money.
For instance paying for an online good and then being sent a broken item and not
being able to return it or have legal recourse for the swindle,
ripoff, or predatory
business practices as this is institutionalized and made normal in the
day to day.
This then transforms the realm of money, where banks and institutions
and the state
itself can represent such hostile forces functioning against
populations, the citizenry,
in a lopsided system of exchange, which then funnels value (and work,
out of certain sectors and into others, via entropic loss of value or
devaluing and the
artificaial or rigged increase of value in other areas as if a natural
balancing and yet
it is instead engineered this way, as a form of political and
fictionalized subversion,
again to support a certain limited group and their interests at the
cost of the many.
The same money in a poor person's hands and a rich person's are of
different value.
The poor person can pay exorbitant rates comparable to their income
for items that
have no impact on the rich person because they have vast surplus money
and it has
essentially no effect or impact on their livelihood. The poor person
can be ripped off
by exchange and has no representation or recourse, while the rich
person can rip off
people and be legally protected in doing so, because of having this
"communal" money.
And yet exist only to serve themselves (as the one, the sun, the
symbolic son, when in
a context of heavenly patriarchy whether secularized or not, god the
empirical father, &c.)
Thus identity and ego and religious-like belief in self worth and
others lesser worth and
moral inferiority can be mapped to these monetary dynamics, which then
define relations
and this is how people are also institutionally mediated, and
'representation' occurs within
the state and government. Numbers and accounting for things the basis
for communication
about a fictitious, highly warped, onesided privileged censorial
vantage of the status quo.
The point being that 'truth' that should be at the center of this
modeling of money is not
there, and instead it is based on an ungrounded and unshared belief
that is the basis for
'exchange' which has since collapsed and exists in a corrupted or
fallen realm, this then
directly connected to issues of the US Constitution that established
these dynamics, in
that they began and persist in a structural context of _private-man
and private mankind,
given all the power in society to that subset group that can act in
its own self-interest
without consideration of others, with legal backing  and supported by
state violence. In
that "the enlightenment" viewpoint was limited, bounded to private
man's beliefs and
'his truth' which should be easy to recognize today as subjective when
universalized to
everyone viewpoint which it cannot represent, if only in terms of
varying demographics,
though also, which makes mankind the basis for community, a private
category that is
then an enclave for 'the public' only insofar as it benefits the
privileged in that specific
class and categorization, whereby maximal advantages are provided to
this 'reasoning'
and viewpoint, and maximally represented  structurally, including as
the basis for the
shared exchange and trust and truth involved in money. Not like a
private man's views
of the world could be wrong or faulty, especially if they believe they
are actually God.
So it quickly moves into tyranny the moreso the issues are ungrounded
and unchecked,
as this correlates with 'trust me' in terms of exchange and money,
where one citizen is
then disadvantaged in an exchange that advantages another citizen, and
thus flows of
money migrate towards privileged groups who benefit and exploit and
believe in these
dynamics, if not as a reinforcement of a narrowed belief system, of
their own superiority.
This in terms of 'private man' as superman, as it relates to ego and
action in the world,
including over others, as if this is a moral victory of those fit over
those deemed unfit.
And the thing is, money today is completely mapped to that ideological
that is the basis for the existing value of money today, as over
centuries it has become
detached from a human and equitable viewpoint and serves only some of
the population
at the expense of others, as this relates to work, to development, to
reasoning, and how
censorship and legal and political and police and other dynamics
protect the worldview,
enabling the house of cards to remain standing, where 'untruth' or
falsity is at the center
of the currency that is being exchanged, traded, and mediates 'human
relations' in terms
of private mankind, set against other men and in particular women and
human beings in
their public and private dimensions. What man needs to survive and
conquer others in
this system then maps to the id of surveillance, the police state
regime, and accounting
for other data in these same warped, onesided, and self-benefiting
terms to those views.
So imagine if the monetary system is believed by the hotshots to back
their narcissistic
and egotistic views and self-belief as if they are the gold standard
for everything else that
is occurring, the foundation and structure and manifest cosmic forces,
as if pseudo-truth
or ungrounded theoretical beliefs are unerring as binary ideological
projections, and these
"the observers" infallible in their superior viewpoints and awareness
others unfit and lesser
cannot understand, as this maps to their feelings and self-worth,
except that if untrue and
unreal this condition would be instead the centralization of
everything in opposite terms,
where instead of gold these people are lead, and economics and
politics and society are
being mediated in such frameworks instead, as if highest nature
instead of lowest nature,
and that it is a vast illusion and delusion and essentially
institutionalization of madness
that then is mediated in terms of power and brute force to conform
other dissenting views,
including keeping truth outside the false framework and effectively
religious belief system,
except that the gods enshrined are these men and those connected with
their despotism.
This is what is mediated by the US dollar as paper currency, believed
to be gold in its
symbolic value, when instead organizing everything in terms of these
principles of lead.
The more this value system is informationalized, made symbolic and
calculable as data,
the more power is accrued within this corrupt system, to further
enforce such corruption.
In this way, the creation of new money out of nothing, either as
information or though the
exploitation of information (as currency, and via its monetization)
carries with it a power
structure and social terms that rely upon expropriation of human worth
and value, and of
various other values and principles, including of females, women, and
nature itself, if not
beings in general and life, which then is subjugated and forced into
these antihuman and
antilife and antinature hidden terms and conditions, beyond any checks
and balances as
this is legally backed by the corrupt bug-ridden US Constitution that
allows for all of this.
So it is all okay, then, because a bunch of rich patriarchs hundreds
of years ago are held
to be infallible as founding fathers.... except not. They themselves
provisioned that this is
a trap, and needs to be revised, upon future awareness and higher
reasoning and truth yet
'reason itself' broke down via binary viewpoints and has since shut
down other perspectives
to a monologue of rightness based upon bureaucratized power run by
centralized computer.
In this way the god as state, except it is a non-living entity,
dumb-AI, in service to a subset
that has no qualms about enslaving and exploiting others for power,
profit, and their pleasure.
So everyone can suffer as long as it benefits them, and what does not
benefit them must not
be allowed to exist, else the entire system is delegitimated. The
state thus made tyrannical.
And not just locally, this occurring globally, institutionally,
organizationally, via policies that
are effectively operating beyond reason, and with illiterate
populations unable to reason due
to such devolutionary policies and frameworks and continuing and
ongoing development, as
antihuman culture. In this way the state is in service to private
corporations of rich citizenry,
where police, lawyers, and doctors mediate middle and lower class
citizenry and the poor.
The government itself in its representation is hollowed out and
instead it is mediated in terms
of monetary worth as a determiner of exchange and citizen value,
proportionally, such that
lawyers are the representatives of the citizenry with the state, not
those elected for policy,
and their decisions are on behalf of power, who has or will gain more
money, in effect, as a
basis for who is right or what truth supports the more powerful in a
given scenario. It is just
extremely ugly and ungodly, where shared governance of citizenry then
becomes unshared
and mediated by politics of policing, medicine, and legal rights, to
onesided privileged benefit
most often correlated to power as the shared and higher authority, and
not of cosmic truth.
So there is an enlightenment/anti-enlightenment situation involved, of
a grounded perspective
that can be shared by citizenry and an ungrounded (also increasingly
virtual or reliant on this)
belief of a subset that functions as and believes itself superior, the
authority, the ruling class,
though of course in hidden or cryptic terms. In this way, an invasion
of the US by an incoming
hostile population sent to conquer territory can replace the citizenry
and operate within these
self-beneficial conditions, while those on their own home territory
can become disenfranchised
and destitute via these polarized dynamics. If anything, it is most
apparent in the luxurification
of the middle-class lifestyle and easy money for certain groups of
people (sans cultural insight
and instead, new forms of factory labor though in terms of web skills,
art galleries, etc) where
'new royalty' appear out of nowhere, and have upper-middle-class
lifestyles sustained within
such a bubble, of no financial issues whatsoever, able to eat out
every meal with incomes at
jobs that do not support such expenditures, with butler and coceirge
service via mobile Apps,
the very industry most supporting this skewed worldview, and yet on
the inside of this there is
no higher understanding or truth that is the ancient connection with
grounded royal hierarchy,
of its spiritual dimension, and instead there is nothing there except
base materialism at play.
Again, lead instead of gold, as this then represents 'the masses' and
self-beneficial collective
decision-making of a particular self-interested private group or
subset, siphoning away the
commons for such unchecked excess, that also directly correlates with
ego and immorality,
and that anything goes via relativistic beliefs, and others are lesser
beings to be exterminated.
In this way, if you try to function as a human being within such an
upside-down world in its
ideological operation, lines of force exist to punish and force
conformance and submission
to the private collective diktat that is actually based in falsity and
ungrounded information
and unshared value at its center, mediated and represented and
symbolized by money. A
person may only function at one percent of their actual capacity, and
may simply struggle
to survive or adapt and remain sane or cognizant within such an
antihuman condition, thus
weathering the onslaught or downfall or fall the historic state
itself, while imposters may be
operating at 100% of their capacity as mimics or drones to perform
symbolically in roles &
routines, standing-in as 'representatives' or citizens though while
against human citizenry,
hostile to human being and principles of life, love, privacy, freedom,
truth, democracy, etc.
In this way, the fractional ability of human action then is combined
and parts so divided in
a non-empirical framework of the false perspective, of relativistic
religious-like beliefs, then
cannot combine into a whole viewpoint and thus the unshared view moves
further towards
zero the more that human citizens combined cannot relate in literate
and complex terms,
leading to hypothetical 0.000000000001 percent operational capacity of
human agency in
the world, versus 100% for the antihuman forces secured within fallen
state bureaucracy,
which then becomes the overseer and judge/jury/executioner based on
evaluated fitness,
though outside legal frameworks and inside these other realms of
exchange and relation.
Human efficiency, aptitude and agency per individual nearly negligible
in the world today,
whereas the entirety of humanity is serving these other interests to
its own demise. In
that everything is moving to that subset group, all advantages, all
surplus, all rights, and
it is also the view in charge of the surveillance apparatus, the
overseer, or believed so. In
this way 'the great eye' at the top of the pyramid, yet which may have
issues of myopia,
or perhaps even be blind to certain dimensions, if not testing and
grounding vision to truth
and instead correlating and focusing on an unreal, ungrounded view of
cosmic relation. In
that falsity may be what is aligned with, or bad ideas, or warped
beliefs, false perspective.
In this way the false economy, the faux society, lavender tatoos and
fleur-di-lille piercings
while such populations are shuttled to one location and other via
personal Uber chauffeurs.
In such a context then, "information" about people that is treated as
if forests for pioneers
to extract as a natural and free resource to make other things from,
exploit to the fullest
for self benefit regardless of connected ecology, to the point of
practices of deforestation
and ecological devastation. The business model apparently is: get or
be given stuff for
free, and then resell it at maximal cost and reap the rewards. Best
practice is having the
people exploited pay or volunteer for this expropriation of private
value (of data, other) and
then mine or otherwise subvert interactions to again maximally extract
value whether in
legal or illegal terms, as this relates to privacy, citizen rights,
and issues of property that
can be disregarded in such a hidden and advantageous, unregulated
'morally free market';
humans like nature exist to be exploited by others who are unlike, for
their own advantage.
This then closely aligned with issues of slavery and colonization,
though in the form of
subverted consumer electronics and apps as the new wave of antihuman
and yet this is not made explicit due to protected interests, signed
pieces of paper that
armies of lawyers, the police, the state itself protect to allow for
this 'commons' relation.
So this is what money is in the middle of, these are the dynamics, and
what it could or
once represented was a common shared value that no longer exists between people,
who are now in oppositional terms as citizens, of two separate and
competing states,
one functioning against its declared governing principles by
exploiting legal loopholes
as a basis for establishing power and overtaking the state as its
tyrannical antithesis.
The only piece of code able to address and engage this situation
allowing for military
takeover in a state of emergency, and a constitution convention to
reboot the state in
new and better terms, as agreed to by those convening in a new
universal framework.
This could be antihuman, and lead to the loss of the state itself, or
human and the
regaining of the state and its rewiring and redevelopment in terms of
our humanity.
Cryptography would probably be absolutely necessary to pursue such a
path and yet
it appears self-evident that crypto cannot be allowed to exist, that
would enable such
private communication that could threaten hidden and ruling
conspiratorial interests.
Thus all crypto must remain broken for the antihuman state to remain
safe & secure.
In this way, this is the immediate situation encountered with issues
of currency as
this spans from monetary systems to monetization of data and the
centralization of
auditing and accounting that functions as money, as currency, in terms
of power that
uses this to reinforce a certain biased or relativistic truth while
censoring out others
that may devalue ungrounded perspectives (on economics, other
evidence, data, etc).
So while trials of alternative currency may exist locally offline or
even globally online,
and systems of barter or various ecosystems of exchange/trade could be
it remains within this overwhelming and oppressive default condition,
which then is the
prevailing force that determines what can and will happen, via its
implementation and
the potential for its subversion, how it can be maximally exploited in
these same terms.
Thus suggestions about what to do, say to establish a national
cashless system, then
occurs in a context of previously mentioned biased structures of
taxation as well as
other forms of leveraging and imbalances, that then would be further
secured by the
uncritical or uncareful rollout of such options or advances, making it
all easier for
the exploiters and all the more difficult and painful for the
exploited, via unnecessarily
increased suffering that by comparison can be exponential, in support
of such tyranny.
So near-term there is immense danger at doing anything without first
recognizing the
actual condition, parameters, dynamics, and stakes that exist in the
questions and
issues of development, particularly so highly connected technological
systems that
create massive centralized efficiencies that disenfranchise more local
realities which
are never accounted for or censored out or managed away via planned
dysfunction. If
this condition were addressed in straightforward terms, it may be
possible to proceed
in a way that protects people and prevents such dynamics from
worsening, which can
involve state and regional governance and federal and international
changes in policy.
And so what presently exists in the span of electronically-tagged bank
notes, debit
and credit cards, stored valued and prepaid cards, is already
operating within this
domain, as are other forms of electronic payment and bartar, including
'rewards cards'
and 'points' or electronic tallied perks that span dollar value
currency to other forms,
which feasibly could be mediated by a single device or card system in
the future. In
this way, the up-and-coming Apple Watch could be the device most
likely to mediate
the depth and breadth of this situation, from taxation (hidden and
overt) to payments
(debit and credit to rewards cards to bitcoin exchange) and yet this
concentration is
also potentially a weak-spot for the individual and a maximal pressure
point for those
targeted in these dimensions, allowing more coherent control within a
single device
that could be used for exploitation, subversion, illegal monitoring,
and on and so on.
There would need to be a transitional scenario to address these
concerns within a
sufficient legal framework that protects citizens and establishes a
new set of rules,
for such integrated systems to operate in more bounded terms of expropriation of
data and details that can be used against and disenfranchise human populations.
Central to this would be a new infrastructure that allows for the
conceptual rewiring
of existing Internet of Things (IoT) ideology into a protected
framework that serves
and does not exploit common human interests for others to profit from
this tyranny.
The situation with money and currency is core to this. A new standard
is needed to
reestablish currency within a context and framework of truth, so rules
of fair exchange
are known and enforceable, establishing the shared
social,economic,governing structure.
It is likely the only way to accomplish this is through electronic
currency, whereby the
dynamics of the paper system are let go of, or released, and mediated
in other terms
more beneficial to economic principles than producing physical
placeholders for value
that devalue the monetary system itself. A penny more expensive to
produce than its
own value, (googled: "It costs the federal government 2.4 cents to
make a penny and
11.2 cents to make a nickel."). This is obviously backward and
counterproductive yet
insanely the normalized ungrounded situation, the default everyday
nonsense scenario.
To get to a new monetary system or at least electronic currency, there
is no way this
can be achieved without first addressing the relation between currency
and taxation,
which is one issue in a context of paper currency, and another in a
context of data as
both currency and representative of money itself (i.e. guaranteed
dollar sign amount).
The big view involves necessary to comprehend dynamics that today the tax system
and money both are frictional and function against economy, and this
directly connects
with data likewise that is limited by these forces in moving around or
circulating in terms
of its value, which can be monetized though also or more
fundamentally, its relation to
truth that can be accessible and achieved through reasoning, if made
To free up data in a context of public and private infrastructure will
require addressing
issues of its taxation to enable public subsidy of the IoT
infrastructure within a public
framework and dimensions, this comparable to the need for the US as a
nation when
established to develop a federal national parks system, state parks,
and greenways
(such as the beautiful Twin Cities, or Central Park in NYC by
Frederick Law Olmsted),
including areas for recreation, fishing, baseball, picnics, dances,
concerts, iceskating
and skiing, trails for hiking, nature preserves, etc. This reflected
shared public values
of the citizenry to participate and interact and stay connected with
nature as the basis
for values, which has since eroded and been commercialized, turned
into simulacrum,
as if everywhere is now a sector of an unacknowledged private Disney themepark.
A private corporation cannot represent or establish this shared public
realm without
distorting it to its narrowed business interests, involving a
different motivating agenda.
Instead, to create that public realm of data exchange would require
public subsidization
to allow for its development and sustenance, to enable exchange and
interconnection in
a wider realm of human interests and values, such as knowledge,
cultural development,
learning and education, policy and government planning and citizen
representation and
public-private collaboration mediated in the public sphere, not behind
closed doors, in
this way an agora for debate and discussion and commons, for culture
to exist within.
The insular, proprietarized introverted self-focused internet then
could be extroverted
and brought out of its shell and more fully integrate with peoples
lives in a balanced
way, including with issues of security and privacy (cryptography
related, if of integrity)
and yet to accomplish this 'data' itself would need to be addressed in
the same way
that paper currency and taxation likewise need to be, in that the
granulatiry or the
existing 'decimal' level resolution is completely insufficient to
mediate issues of fair
exchange and fair tax and shared value in these existing warped
structural dynamics
and a new higher resolution, micro- or fractional-value is needed in a
data context that
allows microtransactions and microdata (IoT) to exist instead of the
default issues of
audiovisual bandwidth for telecommuncations and big-pipe
infrastructure layouts that
functionally extort money to provide access, where scarcity is
establishing maximal
profit at the price of maximal friction for 'ideas' and 'reasoning' in
the form of data that
is either locked away or untransmissable due to red tape, barriers,
ownership laws
that turn something public into a private confined property that is
valued by limited
access yet is unjust in nature, and so on.  Everything backwards,
cannibalistic, to
profit by not allowing things to happen, by hoarding, preventing,
instead of freeing,
interacting, building, it is erosion of interaction, knowledge,
reasoning, ideas, etc.
It is the Dark Ages 2.0 when in an information society of maximal communication
shared truth has gone missing, empirical logical reasoning, instead
relativism is
ubiquitous, clueless to its own isolated individuated egoistic
narcissistic condition.
There is no knowledge within computing systems, within networking,
beyond that of
a highly biased tyrannical STEM framework that is the ruling
technocratic ideology,
that outside of its own parameters is completely ignorance and instead seeks to
engineer culture while representing it in a quantified worldview, as
if that simple. In
this way the issue of theology and religion without truth or morality
at the center,
and instead an ideological version of onesided pseudo-truth believed
universal and
the just and legitimate framework to legislate collective reality in
scientific terms.
In this way experimentation on human populations occurs, illegal
spying to gather
data for social engineering, and so to, denial of public services, for
such a goal and
ideal of the utopic state of an ungrounded subset that is beyond
external regulation,
existing on the inside of the hidden state, turning dials and pulling
levers of control.
If these dynamics could be dealt with, some vastly improved margin of safety and
realignment for the common human good and its welfare, then microtax and this
microdata could relate to microfinancing, and various currency systems could co-
exist in a shared framework. Such that the entrepreneurial imperative
of the citizen
could be realized in a sufficient framework necessary to realize its
potential, such
that telework and other visions could become standardized and resolved in terms
of the previous domains of bureaucracy, which instead of limiting
interactions can
be made to allow easy and secured and guaranteed fair exchange, such that any
interaction in terms of money could be automatically micro-taxed, whereby the
previous issues of paperwork and auditing are not held as a damocles sword over
an individual's life, for trying to do something, and instead could be
and made as friction-free as possible. At the same time, data itself,
its movement
or transfer within certain parameters (such as IoT device-to-device or
work output)
could involve a basic structural microtax, subpenny, a tiny fractional
amount that
is tallied in the background that is extremely nominal per person,
perhaps nearly
nonexistent in terms of small coinage per interaction or day, though adds up in
the background as a support for sustaining infrastructure, and thus provides the
basis for subsidizing free public transaction spaces for interaction
of devices and
people outside a corporate-controlled and defined framework. In this way, if the
taxes are automatically dedicated and defined in highly sane terms which are
essentially mediated entirely in a realm of electronics and numbers and nothing
to do with paper currency or production of money, beyond an interface device
(say currency card as meta-note) then lots of things could be possible that
would allow short-term interactions in business and legal frameworks that then
remove the threat of prosecution due to error or misreading or
incapacity to deal
with the bureauracy that is purposefully unable to be mediated except by means
of a professional middle-man which can exploit these dynamics politically, such
that especially for the poor, no actions can be taken without
retaliation and further
repression for trying to operate at a higher level than the ruling
class will allow, as
this is enforced by IRS audits and monitoring, even of the poor, at
the dollar level,
this protecting power of millionaires and billionaires of great excess
and surplus.
(When is the last time you have had the power cut to your apartment complex
in retaliation for having a coffee and banana bread at a cafe as a
birthday gift?
This indicating the entrenched level of corruption involved, its
operational peak
in wielding the power grid, telecommunications and surveillance to oppress.)
What the future could hold, in this situation could be transformed, would be a
realm that moves from a basic electronic currency that is guaranteed in truth,
via a new constitutional and thus legal framework, is the unification
of services
including public and private, within a shared system of interaction and access.
The grocery rewards points and airline miles of credit card today could be the
approach to systems of barter or tiered access and achievement. For instance,
the issue of Boy Scout merit badges translating a series of skills and aptitudes
into an electronic structure instead, when then could be compiled per individual
as to what events are tallied in such a system, as personal circuity,
of the self, whereby like degree programs at University, self-learning
could occur
via attending a particular class at one location or institution, and
then another at
another time or space, as these compile into a self-learning framework that can
become an education and lead to employment or vocation or other approaches.
In this sense, money as data, though also the gamification potential of learning
and incentivizing certain learning and skill building, training,
taking risks, etc. As
this then can inform and develop a culture that is coherent, serving
its needs and
larger goals. Such as conservation programs for natural environments & wildlife,
or volunteering as requirement for other perks that could be mediated privately
and-or publicly, by businesses, governments, even within families as incentive.
Thus in some sense like a running curriculum vitae, though across all areas.
In this way, a non-monetary system that is about data as currency could also
be established, in particular government support of institutions that then could
change data dynamics likewise. For instance government funding for a museum
could enable a perk akin to those for corporate workers, that a family or person
would have a token to visit the museum twice a year for free, based on this
public subsidy and also its benefit to shared culture and literacy. And perhaps
even bartar could occur between people, if someone wanted to see the orchestra.
This would level the field for those without money to still
participate in the culture
versus banning people based on not having enough money to be included or to
participate or be represented within culture. Likewise, if a digital
picture frame
the size of a large painting were commonplace, say an electronic ink version,
then this same museum may allow the loan via copyright of a single image of
a artistic work from their museum archive to be displayed via fair use in homes
and dwellings, as part of this extension and interconnection of shared value. It
costs nothing, except it mediates issues of property and copyright differently,
in human public and private terms and not just onesided selfish private terms.
In such a context, perhaps a person carries an avatar or some intelligent agent
or their pseudonyms and a level of anonymity along with them in these systems,
or that they can microfinance and allocate support to certain
like personal initiative at the level of penny stocks, though
multiplied to millions of
participants with small fluctuating amounts though secured through temporary or
limited contracts, in this way microloans or investments that may
socially benefit
though not return money back to the person and instead develop culture or others
capacity or programs, some moreso than others, including via the ability of the
citizen to direct a proportion of their taxes into these variable
programs, thus to
have their interests served or represented by the distribution of
their tax revenue.
Thus scholarships may be funded decentrally or a public garden or an experiment,
though perhaps within a higher realm of expectation than today,
non-trivial and in-
stead of creating and supporting junk, that an auditing of the ideas is involved
such that it is of value to invest in, and reflects the principles of
a given person
or people to support. And thus foolishness or wastefulness may not predominate
as the ground-up cultural development, funding pension funds for lazy digerati.
So too, the literal realm of games, whereby perhaps a global videogame system
is established and mediated in these same dynamics, as well as within education
whereby a 'dream center' would allow each citizen to develop their
skills within a
grant-framework, honing their self-understanding through step by step
and then creating a structure to place them optimally within society for maximal
contributive effect, via these same means, mechanisms, and structural dynamics.
So for instance, like an urban treasure hunt today or gps waypoints in
a wilderness
obstacle course, so too education or learning or skill development or
life itself, for
instance going to location A (which may be a business) and mediating it within a
certain set of parameters (say for a game or educational skills) and having this
data tallied into the data currency framework, opening doors literal
or figurative,
whereby the labyrinth can be exited if finding and following the
string of education.
    

@_date: 2015-01-14 23:37:55
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: on money (actual & virtual; atoms & bits/ matter & data) 
was: Re: Cryptography Imaginary Property: Formalities of Cypherpunk
This provides a potentially interesting corollary with money and
currency in terms of how it is conceptualized and conceived, as to
what threats or dynamics may or may not exist, in a given framework or
vantage. For instance, someone could imagine based on the default
discourses available that paper currency has maximal autonomy in
comparison to electronic money or currencies. And so that money (a
physical thing) could be put into a safe inside a private dwelling and
stored or exchanged outside the banking system, etc. Say for instance
a person has ten dollars saved in a safe and they use that money at a
local cash register, as if it an anonymous transaction at the level of
monetary exchange. (The maximal gap being the legal trading or
exchanging of paper currency for other items outside retail channels,
where there is no middle-man infrastructure for the transaction, such
as a cash register or other technical infrastructure or accounting
Someone might believe that the paper currency is only trackable in a
retail setting by networked CCTV cameras and receipts and "traffic
analysis" or other correlations between income and expenditures in a
background calculation, not involving bank notes themselves. And in
some sense, a notion of ~privacy may accompany use or storage or
carrying of paper currency, as part of this view, where its function
is in proportional support of their own material existence,
proof-of-work in some abstract yet most tangible sense, as if truth
realized in material form. Identity and all sorts of dynamics tied to
how much a person has, can wield, what it is used for, perhaps the
most vital variable in a given life, enabling lifestyles or great
suffering depending on this relation. Yet what if the idea of money is
not accurately conceptualized in the same terms applied to other
things, that may be subsequent or dependent upon this relationship
between people and 'their' money.
What if for instance the symbolically protective safe with an
electronic latch has a hidden money counter embedded in its circuity
that is equivalent to technology of smart meters, where contents
inside the safe could be read remotely, if there were nanoscopic RFID
tags for tracking paper currency yet not identified as such because it
involves a covert infrastructure. So for instance a secret agent could
prowl the streets reading the interior condition of peoples private
finances, legal or illegal, whether connected to mortage or real
estate payments to banks or landlords, or the IRS keeping tabs on the
real score for targeted populations. Something like this could be
feasible, yet what would it mean if 'the information' connected to the
paper currency or material object or thing as actually covertly
modeled as data and as such was being tracked and monitored
systematically over time. The modeling of money at this level of
individual granularity then would be possible to analyze and review
similarly in terms of cash register exchanges, if hidden RFID money
counters were installed within these _networked devices where the
receipts are centrally accounted for in today's profiling culture, as
part of a threat monitoring environment. So where a person uses their
currency could then indicate pathways through a economic or financial
ecosystem which money laundering then would seek to short-circuit or
avoid interaction with.
The idea then that this material stuff may have a hidden information
or data connected with it that involves its modeling and tracking that
is accounted for in other unknown dimensions, as this relates to
issues of rights, and potentially covert means of control and hidden
power to shape events, via knowing something about the cards other
players are holding. For instance, if a landlord were to use an
illegal device to read the private bank accounts in real-time to
determine maximal rent to charge tenants, this could apply a form of
pressure that may otherwise have a different balancing due to abstract
aspects of these relations. Having more information could lead to more
power or even a power imbalance or one-sided accounting, which seems
to be the game at the large and small scales, how all of this is
accounted for.
In conceptual terms, a worldview seemingly exists that perceives the
world within previous centuries of physics, whereby a person inside
their dwelling is not effected by others on the outside of this
boundary, such that the walls and locked doors and windows that seal
and secure the enclosure is capable of keeping out unwanted forces via
this "physical barrier" that is immediately perceived by the senses.
And yet this can be illusory form of protection. It is similar to the
view that someone cannot tell what another person is thinking,
including if they are lying, if they do not divulge information. That
the true condition or state cannot be read or accessed otherwise, such
as via ESP or mind reading whether by natural means (psychic) or
technological (brain scanning as mind reading). So too the dwelling,
like the safe, whereby the issue involves a paradigmatic change in
conceptualization, and in turn, a recontextualization of the event and
assumptions. In this way, paper currency in a non-electromagnetic
evaluation cannot have these other covert dynamics functioning,
whereas if it is allowed or rather acknowledged as the physical
reality (Einstein/Maxwell, 18th-19th century onward) then this is the
foundation for these various global infrastructure-related systems
that are at the core of physical development of civilization, yet
modeled or perceived inaccurately or insufficiently in terms of their
"informational or data" dimensions and dynamics, for how such things
more likely exist, in the day to day.
Thus assumptions may exist about a certain level of autonomy that are
nowhere near accurate to the condition 'things' are being mediated
within or forces and dynamics and pressures that are interacting in
what could be geological terms, at macro-scale. Whereby mountain
ranges are built up and ice ages occur within realms of finance and
connected ecologies, desertification, migration patterns, which could
then be tracked via money, down to fine grain individual particles
(citizens), which then gets into potentially metaphysics whereby fluid
dynamics or other issues of geometrical stacking or whatnot could be
used to determine how to shape situations at an abstract level, as the
primary 'reason' or approach for societal human problems, via
quantification and such modeling, which could be wildly inaccurate in
terms of what is going on, and involve brute force dynamics to push
changes through or keep things moving via crude if not unwieldy
techniques that perhaps function as religion in their unchanged, yet
heightened religious state, where financialization is high theology.
In other words, it is to structurally associate the probable case that
bank notes today are thoroughly tracked as a system, and likewise as
mentioned, the biggest gap would be the distance between these notes
and the surrounding infrastructure, for when they become pingable and
enter back into the exchange system, perhaps not unlike tracking
meteors that leave observational orbits then return at a later time.
It would seem this is most closely comparable to assumptions about
Schroedinger's cat, whereby a person may assume the 'thing' (in this
case a feline, a living being) cannot be "known" without direct
observation within a contained and secured area. Yet, this ignores the
issue of entanglement of information and data, prior to placement of
the cat in an isolated location (ie "safe"). If the cat were modeled
in various informational terms, it could be remotely read beyond this
limiting boundary, say if its state was connected to that of another
cat and there were certain parameters that mapped to each other
diagnostically, whereby what may amount to physical intuition or
embodied knowing may indicate whether the cat still existed the same
beyond a given boundary or not, via signs of another entangled entity
that is thus read in terms of these diagnostic signals. Or, that an
RFID chip in paper currency could be remotely read and tracked via
infrastructure and in this way indicate the nature of events within a
protected boundary, at a distance, as well as in dimensions otherwise
not accounted for. And that this is basic, that paper money has an
informational dimension (serial numbers, etc) associated with, and in
this way also is entangled and involved in a centralized data
modeling, whereby some of the most valuable information available
would be tracking these 'things' that may be viewed as personal
property by some, potentially, as related to their work-output or
value as citizens, correlated with their importance, ego, lifestyle.
In some sense, money as the highest truth in some peoples lives, the
ultimate way of tallying the score.
So if all of this is ignored, and then an issue like cryptocurrency is
developed in a simpler context, as if _electronic money reliant upon a
thoroughly surveillance based infrastructure would be able to sustain
an anonymous monetary system or electronic currency, it could also be
heavily reliant on ~beliefs in strong cryptography to allow for such a
model or barrier to others interests or these larger state dynamics,
and thus issues such as not knowing who the author of Bitcoin actually
is could be taken on faith that all of this is still beyond the
control of others or tracking or in-depth accounting due to boundaries
and barriers presumed to exist in a certain viewpoint of these
parameters, whereas if recontextualized in an electromagnetic context,
if paper money were being thoroughly tracked within infrastructure,
how likely is it that electronic currency could physically, tangibly
exist beyond these same thresholds of control that collapse towards
the same central management and evaluation of such structural
interactions. Perhaps it is only experimental, yet what about the idea
of not having the concept modeled correctly in terms of issues like
property or security, whereby such barriers or boundaries may not
feasibly exist yet are relied upon to rationalize what the ongoing and
prevailing dynamics are. What if rose colored glasses are needed for
the true believers.
It just seems that an issue like privacy that is mapped to electronic
currency is least likely to exist, far moreso than paper currency yet
with the same issues of returning to a system to cash out or exchange
the electronic currency, where end-points or junctures allow this
accounting to take place, very probably in unknown dimensions that
exist beyond any known literature or experience of users who are not
vetted in top secret or other technologies or capacities, yet that are
the foundation for the entire system these devices, tools or processes
are built and function within, and rely upon. The circuit, the switch,
electrons, processors, networks, that themselves are entangled to
other things likewise and also thoroughly accounted for. It is to
question what if the data model for something like Bitcoin exists
beyond the Bitcoin data model, as this impacts issues of privacy,
anonymity, exchange, as this relates to a more accurate threat model,
that may not yet be accounted for in the dimensions or dynamics that
actually exist, and perhaps cannot be due to related security issues
Is cryptocurrency potentially a mirage in such a context, if
entanglement could be occurring in ways otherwise not recognized or
revealed. And if this taken into account, how might issues or privacy
or security be reevaluated, and how might public or private pressures
exist if this were the case and could be exploited or used as a basis
for blackmail or social engineering, out of view of its own
represented view and ideals. It is not to second-guess the need for
electronic currencies, though it is to wonder if auditing of
transactions occurs only within tiny finite sectors versus system
wide, as is likely the case with bank notes as this also directly
relates with material development.
It seems this is a conceptual issue related to 'things' in general,
where bank notes are a particular category of example. And yet if
taking into account the prime importance of money as data, and this
structural entanglement that everything is mapped and relies upon and
also functions within, in terms of forecasting and looking backward,
then when a CD-R is ripped into files and its data is secretly
tracked, is it not also entangled in some way to these other issues of
copyright and mediates issues of privacy, similarly to assumptions
with money, and in a literal sense, function as money via data that is
monetized in other terms, and then dealt with differently or
otherwise, beyond the limits or barriers or restrictions. Or moreso
perhaps, an electronic-book that is sold for a certain amount and is
restricted and has features to prevent file copying and distribution,
and when this occurs, remains structurally entangled in other hidden
dimensions of viruses and trojans or otherwise that then grant access,
feasibly legally via loopholes enabled once a condition of use has
been past or ignored, that then activate other dynamics, growing an
alternative network of surveillance and monitoring and essentially
auditing around these issues. And how closely is this relates to
issues of paper currency that is tracked that then becomes
increasingly electronic-in-nature, such that files are functioning as
currency or that data is monetized, in legal and illegal realms as
well as inbetween where challenges occur. In a non-electromagnetic
viewpoint certain arguments could be made about what is occurring, yet
that could be limited in their evaluation of the actual structural and
non-negotiable dynamics involved in the default scenario, if
unacknowledged or ignored. In this way, a larger threat exists within
electronic payments and currency itself if not accurately perceived,
because existing imbalances could be made structural and normalized
without addressing the power imbalances built-into the technology,
which may never be allowed to be recognized due to security and
secrecy laws, and thus further infrastructuralization of money, into
electronic data, then could lead to the securing of these hidden and
oppressive dynamics that can function in unjust ways, for the
furtherance of hidden power, by default of the ongoing scenario being
extended without critical review in the terms necessary to acknowledge
and limit such threats, instead of going along with them.
One scenario is the small transfer of cash for a birthday gift, that
in certain monitored frameworks of bank notes could lead to
overzealous accounting of onesided power relations, where a landlord
is trying to recoup that birthday money as part of their own profit
model, while ignoring any such accounting of their own dubious gains
in exponentially more egregious and literally criminal terms. In a
paper currency model, they could RFID-read banknotes in a private safe
and use that as leverage against a person in power politics, as hidden
advantage and argument for administering and managing a tenant on
'their property'. Thus, they demand a piece of the birthday cake and
view it as stealing if not gaining their share of the money. The IRS
could be this way too, if corrupted to the degree necessary to prey on
the poor. It is one scenario to have this occur in paper currency, in
an informal economy in a context of small gifts or rituals that are
the bedrock of culture and community, though it is another to transfer
this menacing dimension into an electronic context, whereby no
distinctions would be made if extending the existing dysfunctional
evaluation of tax and revenue in highly politicized and
disadvantageous terms in regards to ruling classes and underclasses,
as warped power exchanges then become solidified in default practices
of ubiquitous electronic taxation or other subversive unacknowledged
dynamics based on hidden access to monetary or other profiling data,
to enforce power structures of some over others, beyond government
regulation or as government in its fallen state, of a despotic state
preying on its own citizens. In this way, the small gift for a
birthday in this electronic context likely would be taxed and a piece
of the birthday cake would be removed for the state if not the
overzealous landlord, and further erode what little autonomy or
privacy exists in peoples lives as human beings who exist beyond a
context of money or are not defined or beholden to it as the highest
truth, which instead would become the case, where such data accounting
(monetary or otherwise, event-based, history, tracking, offenses,
relations, finances, etc) would be this 'currency' and map to every
action and area of life and determine fate itself, where the labyrinth
of the day to day eventually captures everyone.
This seems to be the underlying condition and issue with electronic
money, not as a form of detached utopianism if not hedonistic lust for
unregulated or accounted for money, in some sense or applications, and
instead the foundational technology to enable the grid to activate in
its higher informational and interconnected dimensionality, as one
form of culture or another, human or antihuman, and this in a context
of a developing global to local police state that is thoroughly tied
into and has vested interests in surveillance technology 'being
right', or a view that is by default assumed correct due to its
institutionalization and further systematic progression, that everyone
should follow and will need to obey. An inaccurate modeling of crypto
in such a scenario could actually be leveraged to promote not prevent
these dynamics if not accurately accounted for. This is the problem of
ideology and answered questions where presumptions are wrong and
instead lead away from truth, not closer to it, the more and more
dialogue, discussion, or actions occur in these ungrounded terms.
(It is somewhat akin to a scenario of someone with a supercar
delivering pizza, say a Bentley or Ferrari, versus someone in a used
or inexpensive vehicle trying to work their way into a sustainable
career, either this job a step or allowing a certain income zone
whether livable or not. How might the issue of tipping occur, for
instance, in one scenario or the other. Is a thousand dollar tip the
minimum for a 15 dollar pizza, if lux. There is something about this
scenario that does not add up in normal terms. And this is much like
crypto today, electronic money, and other issues involved privacy and
copyright. I cannot explain the analogy, though it is similar to the
unknowability of electronic bank cards themselves and issues of
accounting for funds. In a context of electronic money, people could
receive 'free income' who are part of a connected group, in mirroring
to the unemployed lower classes, yet in a middle-class or upper-class
scenario and no one would be the wiser if it was a inside job, of a
particular political group. There would be no way to find out unless
on the inside of it. It is this kind of scenario that could play out
in a warped rules of accounting, today focused on those on welfare
cheating everyone, when it can be occurring in exponentially different
ways at higher income levels, where huge subsidies are occurring on
the backs of others lower, including at the price of their health and
subsistence, to allow people to have their wine collections and second
homes, and many cars, and yet feasibly contribute little or function
in only ordinary terms while receiving disproportionate gains due to
institutionalized corruption. That is the standard in electronic
money, potentially, supporting such dynamics if not accounting for,
protected by magic cryptography.)

@_date: 2015-01-17 15:35:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: on money /2 (resend) 
I don't know know enough to know, though what would actually be gained
in comparison to an existing mainstream credit card (Visa, Am-Ex,
Mastercard) and a Square or other device for point-to-point or
horizontal transfers?  Seemingly, not going through a central system
to exchange money. And would the state itself implement such a system
in terms of a US electronic currency model, or allow an alternative
currency to exist within a context of taxation that could exist
outside centralized banking as mediators.
It seems the issues of routing and sustaining money inside/outside the
banking system involves all the connected issues of financing, loans,
predatory monetary practices that benefit some more than others, and
thus the existing institutionalization of standardized or legitimate
money then is effected by these forces, which if electronic currency
could stay outside of then perhaps would function differently,
autonomously in regards to these controlling if not exploitative
forces, in certain parameters. What is gained by Bitcoin or other
cryptocurrency if outside the banking system: supposedly privacy and
autonomy, perhaps a security gain in certain factors and a loss of
security (guarantees) in others.
If Bitcoin were an electronic currency model enacted by the State, how
would that differ from existing USD in electronic form, except to
provide a monetary system operating outside the global banking
This is why it appears to have more in common with existing welfare
payment systems (EBT cards) than the existing credit/debit cards,
because those can be parallel systems, both cash payments that allow
access to money and also food support, where the money is only virtual
or electronic (dollar sign) that can be used at a cash register in
exchange for food, yet seemingly is like a stored value or exists in a
private account in a state system of food support accounting. It is to
bring up the issue of parameters or zones where cards may or may not
function, and in different terms, such as prepaid, and how this may be
a particular realm where alternative currencies could exist, or if
implemented by government, could be operational yet outside the
banking system altogether (via same principle, disconnected from money
system, more like barter, in that what if Bitcoin was not tied to USD
and instead food or services.)
Others know lots about these things, though a larger framework may
help consider the options or dynamics involved especially as there is
not a default single approach for any of the issues though
'cryptocurrency' seems to imply a replacement for an existing monetary
system or to become the standard e-currency, and if that is the
premise, how would this relate to the US government using such a
system, inside or outside the operational context of the Federal
Reserve, or in various capacities, or globally. Or is it just against
all this.
(My guess is that Bitcoin is on the inside of these dynamics and is
thoroughly embedded in all of these scenarios, part of a strategic
planning and development experiment, and I would not underestimate the
role of economists to be on the side of humanity in these issues, nor
the government, nor many in banking and finance, despite the existing
gaming of systems. Perhaps it all is leading towards resolving this
electronic currency question in terms of equity, security, privacy,
and grounding of information as a currency model.)

@_date: 2015-01-16 19:29:39
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: on money /2 (resend) 
(additional notes/thoughts on money & currency in relation to material
bank notes and electronic exchange of money & data, as this further
relates to profiling, tracking, surveillance, modeling, though also
culture, development, latent technological possibilities)
Here wanted to share a few more ideas related to the last post, if not
because they may be of a different than standard interpretation and
allow another viewpoint to consider in terms of what is/& not going on
in these terms. perhaps necessary to distinguish also situationally:
of the present situation, of a transitional condition of major changes
and paradigm shifts, and then a future totally redeveloped context
that may allow a more pure approach than relying on legacy systems of
dysfunction as the basis for further development, extended onward.
In the present day, it seems cryptocurrency is the placeholder or
trial for a future or transitional model of electronic currency that
the state (in its global context) could employ or deploy, wider than
the existing electronic payment and cash systems whether via welfare
support (in the US called EBT (electronic benefit transfer) for
foodstamps and-or cash support) or bank debit cards and credit cards,
which range from access to checking or savings accounts for card
holders, to prepaid cards that store value or represent stored value
that can be mediated via networked infrastructure as part of a payment
If considering alternative paper currencies that can legally exist (at
least in the US within certain guidelines), it would not seemingly be
too far off to imagine a 'bitcoin card' that could function as a
parallel payment system carried in a wallet and used on or offline, if
it were to be established in a widely distributed alternative currency
model that exists offline, in a context of these other (if competing)
systems. In that it could involve its own ecosystem of exchange, and
yet likely would be required at some point to be brought into line
with tax laws in some structural way, (unsure of existing status, how
these issues remain suspended) though the larger point is that issues
of security and privacy would be similar in nature to these other
similar systems, in which a level of robustness and protection would
be necessary for massive use of such an alternative, if it were to
become normalized.
(meaning: trusting good will of Satoshi Nakamoto would not be enough for this.)
And maybe this is the informal versus formalization aspect involved,
the difference between an experiment and a seemingly steady-state
system that would provide a parallel monetary system or alt.currency.
The difference here also being, in terms of state monetary resources
and those of the federal banking system, as it relates to 'money' that
is represented on these cards, then maps back to fiat currency and-or
bank-notes, which is represented by symbolic 'monetary bits' that are
numbers equated with a universally accessible exchangeable value
(exchange rate if outside the system or converting USD currency, if
paper or electronic currency, else inflationary/deflationary
sliding-scale of value, locally, on the longer-term, month-to-month,
year-to-year as things change, dynamics and relations mapped to price
In that, specifically, the dollar amount on these electronic cards of
the formal system can be traded for paper currency or cash and when
they exist as numbers representing money in an electronic system or as
an electronic monetary value (or sign or representation) this is a
coherent structural relationship between the numbers represented and
this larger ubiquitous fielded monetary system and its currency, paper
or electronic. The electronic money on the bank card is tied to
existing paper currency (though apparently 'electronic money' of banks
is not, and appears to be detached from the world and function as
'monetary information' as money, which appears to be the foundation
for financialization, monetary engineering in which new monetary value
can be created ex nihilo via various calculations and esoteric
calculus, if not disembodied from the world in an abstract and
separated realm, not just beyond the gold standard of the past, though
also beyond the standard of 'trust' that is the basis for establishing
money itself in terms of shared exchange, where something recognized
the same can be made transferable. It that it seems to be "theoretical
money" involved in some way, at least from a naive outside viewpoint -
and here is where the 'bitcoin approach' seems quite similar to what
is going on internally, within the state and within banks and
financing sectors, it all rests upon issues of trust at the base of
the system, and thus what if monetary exchanges and the currency
becomes ungrounded via such calculative acrobatics, as with the nature
of theoretical physics of a wrong cosmology, unchecked.)
This is to imagine that perhaps the actual situation of formal systems
of money today are very much like the intangibility of other start-up
electronic currencies, it just so happens one of these is a de facto
global standard and seemingly regulated at least externally at the
level of citizenry and businesses. And yet simultaneously appears to
be 'highly virtual' as money, where it exists increasingly as bits or
virtual currency, where money is data or 'information', in that a
simple display of numbers with a dollar sign ($10) in a certain
context is a legal guarantee of such funds and allows them to be
exchanged or transferred in an electronic context, as well as offline.
Thus for instance, e-commerce as a surrounding environment, where
online development occurs and is tied back into the offline world,
where the virtual meets the artificial and nature realms outside of
the infrastructure. In this way, the bank note with RFID is partly
tied into this accounting system and its various dimensions and
dynamics, and moreso the bank card and credit card, which then carry
'information' about money, or have access to this money, and can
mediate exchanges in various scenarios (such as over the telephone,
online, at a cash register POS machine, or an ATM). In this way, there
is a grounding of what appears to be money, its representation as
data, and its actualization as a shared system everyone operates
within to varying degrees, as this becomes the great leveler in
relation to other issues, how they connect, relate, function or
malfunction or short-circuit or fail to exist or be modeled in these
terms, which range from beneficial to malicious & cruel.
The strange thing is, this money system has become so detached from
its core issue of common trust, so ungrounded in terms of what is
"represented" by the currency, which is an agreed upon connection
between people of a shared state or condition to mediate events in
these terms, that instead of this monetary system serving -everyone-,
instead it has become onesided and an entropic like migration occurs
via a structural imbalance that moves money from one sector of society
into another, which then correlates with power based on this money,
and the money has less value in certain contexts and more value in
other areas (peoples, business sectors) given the way these dynamics
can be mediated and subverted, against the other side of a supposedly
shared exchange.
In that bad faith can become the standard basis for exchange, which
leads to unshared exchange, someone pays for something they do not
receive, or that their work is not accurately mapped into the income
level while for others it is exponentially inflated, and these
dynamics are not agreed upon and instead are the work of politics and
class differentiation and discrimination and otherwise. So there is
not a level relation occurring in the basic dynamics of exchange,
which is supposedly based on a shared assumption of value, that today
is now 'virtualized.'
For previous generations the shared value or recognizable common truth
that is at the core of fair exchange then mapped to gold or other
storable value that was not just of a rare and prized metal - it was
also philosophical in meaning, in terms of ideas (and cosmology) as
this relates to alchemy and core religious meaning. In that 'the sun'
maps into this gold standard, as does 'the one' of a shared view and
understanding. As this progressed to a more abstract less worldly form
of guarantee, it seems to have relied upon the state itself as this
basis for trust in a common view for exchange, that citizens had other
citizens in their own best interest and would seek to swindle one
another to gain money because their own trust would be impinged and
force censure or other forms of reprisal for corrupted actions in
these communal terms. Somehow even this 'shared state' or condition
has evaporated, which seems to coincide with the rise of untethered
theorization of society, which in its best aspects is like poetric
philosophy, (insightful metaphysics), and at its worst a false
ungrounded doctrine that is the basis for a deception and false
perspective and worldview, the basis for establishing and sustaining a
collective il/de-lusion.
The basis for a collective beneficial exchange between people seems to
have potentially begun or been established in a bounded aristocratic
framework that served interests of a shared empirical set (powerful
interconnected males/ else the public and private patriarchal
'son/sun' as a shared identity and basis for the collective reasoning
and representation of values, goals, ideas, planning, direction) as
this then literally mapped to valuable metals (gold as the basis for
currency) and issues of wealth and prestige and in some sense, the
height of this culture.
What appears to have occurred since its material and tangible
detachment is that money and currency appear to be more and more just
about information and the dollar sign ($) as a guarantee of a certain
institutionalized value, a symbolic mark that is essentially capable
of representing an arbitrary custom-bank note value, to the decimal
point, into a realm of pennies if not beneath this once limiting
threshold due to its functioning in an abstract realm of numbers and
calculations, primarily.
So long as the state is cohesive, such a federal system and
international order of shared currency seemingly could continue
functioning as the common standard, as if there is some 'shared truth'
underneath it all, a common viewpoint and value or *trust* that is
held in common between people. And yet, if the state itself were to
fracture internally, and citizen is held against citizen in a
competing realm of survival of the fittest, the monetary system could
be undermined, and the value represented by money and held underneath
this global system could evaporate, if the exchanges became
structurally unfair, yet guaranteed by this same money. For instance
paying for an online good and then being sent a broken item and not
being able to return it or have legal recourse for the swindle,
ripoff, or predatory business practices as this is institutionalized
and made normal in the day to day.
This then transforms the realm of money, where banks and institutions
and the state itself can represent such hostile forces functioning
against populations, the citizenry, in a lopsided system of exchange,
which then funnels value (and work, especially) out of certain sectors
and into others, via entropic loss of value or devaluing and the
artificaial or rigged increase of value in other areas as if a natural
balancing and yet it is instead engineered this way, as a form of
political and fictionalized subversion, again to support a certain
limited group and their interests at the expense of the many.
The same money in a poor person's hands and a rich person's are of
different value. The poor person can pay exorbitant rates comparable
to their income for items that have no impact on the rich person
because they have vast surplus money and it has essentially no effect
or impact on their livelihood. The poor person can be ripped off by
exchange and has no representation or recourse, while the rich person
can rip off people and be legally protected in doing so, because of
having this "communal" money. And yet exist only to serve themselves
(as the one, the sun, the symbolic son, when in a context of heavenly
patriarchy whether secularized or not, god the empirical father, &c.)
Thus identity and ego and religious-like belief in self worth and
others lesser worth and moral inferiority can be mapped to these
monetary dynamics, which then define relations and this is how people
are also institutionally mediated, and 'representation' occurs within
the state and government. Numbers and accounting for things the basis
for communication about a fictitious, highly warped, onesided
privileged censorial vantage of the status quo.
The point being that 'truth' that should be at the center of this
modeling of money is not there, and instead it is based on an
ungrounded and unshared belief that is the basis for 'exchange' which
has since collapsed and exists in a corrupted or fallen realm, this
then directly connected to issues of the US Constitution that
established these dynamics, in that they began and persist in a
structural context of _private-man and private mankind, given all the
power in society to that subset group that can act in its own
self-interest without consideration of others, with legal backing  and
supported by state violence. In that "the enlightenment" viewpoint was
limited, bounded to private man's beliefs and 'his truth' which should
be easy to recognize today as subjective when universalized to
everyone viewpoint which it cannot represent, if only in terms of
varying demographics, though also, which makes mankind the basis for
community, a private category that is then an enclave for 'the public'
only insofar as it benefits the privileged in that specific class and
categorization, whereby maximal advantages are provided to this
'reasoning' and viewpoint, and maximally represented  structurally,
including as the basis for the shared exchange and trust and truth
involved in money. Not like a private man's views of the world could
be wrong or faulty, especially if they believe they are actually God.
So it quickly moves into tyranny the moreso the issues are ungrounded
and unchecked, as this correlates with 'trust me' in terms of exchange
and money, where one citizen is then disadvantaged in an exchange that
advantages another citizen, and thus flows of money migrate towards
privileged groups who benefit and exploit and believe in these
dynamics, if not as a reinforcement of a narrowed belief system, of
their own superiority. This in terms of 'private man' as superman, as
it relates to ego and action in the world, including over others, as
if this is a moral victory of those fit over those deemed unfit.
And the thing is, money today is completely mapped to that ideological
assessment, that is the basis for the existing value of money today,
as over centuries it has become detached from a human and equitable
viewpoint and serves only some of the population at the expense of
others, as this relates to work, to development, to reasoning, and how
censorship and legal and political and police and other dynamics
protect the worldview, enabling the house of cards to remain standing,
where 'untruth' or falsity is at the center of the currency that is
being exchanged, traded, and mediates 'human relations' in terms of
private mankind, set against other men and in particular women and
human beings in their public and private dimensions. What man needs to
survive and conquer others in this system then maps to the id of
surveillance, the police state regime, and accounting for other data
in these same warped, onesided, and self-benefiting terms to those
So imagine if the monetary system is believed by the hotshots to back
their narcissistic and egotistic views and self-belief as if they are
the gold standard for everything else that is occurring, the
foundation and structure and manifest cosmic forces, as if
pseudo-truth or ungrounded theoretical beliefs are unerring as binary
ideological projections, and these "the observers" infallible in their
superior viewpoints and awareness others unfit and lesser cannot
understand, as this maps to their feelings and self-worth, except that
if untrue and unreal this condition would be instead the
centralization of everything in opposite terms, where instead of gold
these people are lead, and economics and politics and society are
being mediated in such frameworks instead, as if highest nature
instead of lowest nature, and that it is a vast illusion and delusion
and essentially institutionalization of madness that then is mediated
in terms of power and brute force to conform other dissenting views,
including keeping truth outside the false framework and effectively
religious belief system, except that the gods enshrined are these men
and those connected with their despotism.
This is what is mediated by the US dollar as paper currency, believed
to be gold in its symbolic value, when instead organizing everything
in terms of these principles of lead. The more this value system is
informationalized, made symbolic and calculable as data, the more
power is accrued within this corrupt system, to further enforce such
corruption. In this way, the creation of new money out of nothing,
either as information or though the exploitation of information (as
currency, and via its monetization) carries with it a power structure
and social terms that rely upon expropriation of human worth and
value, and of various other values and principles, including of
females, women, and nature itself, if not beings in general and life,
which then is subjugated and forced into these antihuman and anti-life
and anti-nature hidden terms and conditions, beyond any checks and
balances as this is legally backed by the corrupt bug-ridden US
Constitution that allows for all of this.
So it is all okay, then, because a bunch of rich patriarchs hundreds
of years ago are held to be infallible as founding fathers.... except
not. They themselves provisioned that this is a trap, and needs to be
revised, upon future awareness and higher reasoning and truth yet
'reason itself' broke down via binary viewpoints and has since shut
down other perspectives to a monologue of rightness based upon
bureaucratized power run by centralized computer. In this way the god
as state, except it is a non-living entity, dumb-AI, in service to a
subset that has no qualms about enslaving and exploiting others for
power, profit, and their pleasure. So everyone can suffer as long as
it benefits them, and what does not benefit them must not be allowed
to exist, else the entire system is delegitimated. The state thus made
tyrannical. And not just locally, this occurring globally,
institutionally, organizationally, via policies that are effectively
operating beyond reason, and with illiterate populations unable to
reason due to such devolutionary policies and frameworks and
continuing and ongoing development, as antihuman culture. In this way
the state is in service to private corporations of rich citizenry,
where police, lawyers, and doctors mediate middle and lower class
citizenry and the poor. The government itself in its representation is
hollowed out and instead it is mediated in terms of monetary worth as
a determiner of exchange and citizen value, proportionally, such that
lawyers are the representatives of the citizenry with the state, not
those elected for policy, and their decisions are on behalf of power,
who has or will gain more money, in effect, as a basis for who is
right or what truth supports the more powerful in a given scenario. It
is just extremely ugly and ungodly, where shared governance of
citizenry then becomes unshared and mediated by politics of policing,
medicine, and legal rights, to onesided privileged benefit most often
correlated to power as the shared and higher authority, and not of
cosmic truth.
So there is an enlightenment/anti-enlightenment situation involved, of
a grounded perspective that can be shared by citizenry and an
ungrounded (also increasingly virtual or reliant on this) belief of a
subset that functions as and believes itself superior, the authority,
the ruling class, though of course in hidden or cryptic terms. In this
way, an invasion of the US by an incoming hostile population sent to
conquer territory can replace the citizenry and operate within these
self-beneficial conditions, while those on their own home territory
can become disenfranchised and destitute via these polarized dynamics.
If anything, it is most apparent in the luxurification and
luxification of the middle-class lifestyle and easy money for certain
groups of people (sans cultural insight and instead, new forms of
factory labor though in terms of web skills, art galleries, etc) where
'new royalty' appear out of nowhere, and have upper-middle-class
lifestyles sustained within such a bubble, of no financial issues
whatsoever, able to eat out every meal with incomes at jobs that do
not support such expenditures, with butler and concierge service via
mobile Apps, the very industry most supporting this skewed worldview,
and yet on the inside of this there is no higher understanding or
truth that is the ancient connection with grounded royal hierarchy, of
its spiritual dimension, and instead there is nothing there except
base materialism at play. Again, lead instead of gold, as this then
represents 'the masses' and self-beneficial collective decision-making
of a particular self-interested private group or subset, siphoning
away the commons for such unchecked excess, that also directly
correlates with ego and immorality, and that anything goes via
relativistic beliefs, and others are lesser beings to be exterminated.
In this way, if you try to function as a human being within such an
upside-down world in its ideological operation, lines of force exist
to punish and force conformance and submission to the private
collective diktat that is actually based in falsity and ungrounded
information and unshared value at its center, mediated and represented
and symbolized by money. A person may only function at one percent of
their actual capacity, and may simply struggle to survive or adapt and
remain sane or cognizant within such an antihuman condition, thus
weathering the onslaught or downfall or fall the historic state
itself, while imposters may be operating at 100% of their capacity as
mimics or drones to perform symbolically in roles & routines,
standing-in as 'representatives' or citizens though while against
human citizenry, hostile to human being and principles of life, love,
privacy, freedom, truth, democracy, etc. In this way, the fractional
ability of human action then is combined and parts so divided in a
non-empirical framework of the false perspective, of relativistic
religious-like beliefs, then cannot combine into a whole viewpoint and
thus the unshared view moves further towards zero the more that human
citizens combined cannot relate in literate and complex terms, leading
to hypothetical 0.000000000001 percent operational capacity of human
agency in the world, versus 100% for the antihuman forces secured
within fallen state bureaucracy, which then becomes the overseer and
judge/jury/executioner based on evaluated fitness, though outside
legal frameworks and inside these other realms of exchange and
Human efficiency, aptitude and agency per individual nearly negligible
in the world today, whereas the entirety of humanity is serving these
other interests to its own demise. In that everything is moving to
that subset group, all advantages, all surplus, all rights, and it is
also the view in charge of the surveillance apparatus, the overseer,
or believed so. In this way 'the great eye' at the top of the pyramid,
yet which may have issues of myopia, or perhaps even be blind to
certain dimensions, if not testing and grounding vision to truth and
instead correlating and focusing on an unreal, ungrounded view of
cosmic relation. In that falsity may be what is aligned with, or bad
ideas, or warped beliefs, false perspective.
In this way the false economy, the faux society, lavender tattoos and
fleur-de-lis piercings while such populations are shuttled to one
location and other via personal Uber chauffeurs.
In such a context then, "information" about people that is treated as
if forests for pioneers to extract as a natural and free resource to
make other things from, exploit to the fullest for self benefit
regardless of connected ecology, to the point of practices of
deforestation and ecological devastation. The business model
apparently is: get or be given stuff for free, and then resell it at
maximal cost and reap the rewards. Best practice is having the people
exploited pay or volunteer for this expropriation of private value (of
data, other) and then mine or otherwise subvert interactions to again
maximally extract value whether in legal or illegal terms, as this
relates to privacy, citizen rights, and issues of property that can be
disregarded in such a hidden and advantageous, unregulated 'morally
free market'; humans like nature exist to be exploited by others who
are unlike, for their own advantage. This then closely aligned with
issues of slavery and colonization, though in the form of subverted
consumer electronics and apps as the new wave of antihuman
colonization, and yet this is not made explicit due to protected
interests, signed pieces of paper that armies of lawyers, the police,
the state itself protect to allow for this 'commons' relation.
So this is what money is in the middle of, these are the dynamics, and
what it could or once represented was a common shared value that no
longer exists between people, who are now in oppositional terms as
citizens, of two separate and competing states, one functioning
against its declared governing principles by exploiting legal
loopholes as a basis for establishing power and overtaking the state
as its tyrannical antithesis.
The only piece of code able to address and engage this situation
allowing for military takeover in a state of emergency, and a
constitution convention to reboot the state in new and better terms,
as agreed to by those convening in a new universal framework. This
could be antihuman, and lead to the loss of the state itself, or human
and the regaining of the state and its rewiring and redevelopment in
terms of our humanity.
Cryptography would probably be absolutely necessary to pursue such a
path and yet it appears self-evident that crypto cannot be allowed to
exist, that would enable such private communication that could
threaten hidden and ruling conspiratorial interests. Thus all crypto
must remain broken for the antihuman state to remain safe & secure.
In this way, this is the immediate situation encountered with issues
of currency as this spans from monetary systems to monetization of
data and the centralization of auditing and accounting that functions
as money, as currency, in terms of power that uses this to reinforce a
certain biased or relativistic truth while censoring out others that
may devalue ungrounded perspectives (on economics, other evidence,
data, etc).
So while trials of alternative currency may exist locally offline or
even globally online, and systems of barter or various ecosystems of
exchange/trade could be established, it remains within this
overwhelming and oppressive default condition, which then is the
prevailing force that determines what can and will happen, via its
implementation and the potential for its subversion, how it can be
maximally exploited in these same terms.
Thus suggestions about what to do, say to establish a national
cashless system, then occurs in a context of previously mentioned
biased structures of taxation as well as other forms of leveraging and
imbalances, that then would be further secured by the uncritical or
uncareful rollout of such options or advances, making it all easier
for the exploiters and all the more difficult and painful for the
exploited, via unnecessarily increased suffering that by comparison
can be exponential, in support of such tyranny.
So near-term there is immense danger at doing anything without first
recognizing the actual condition, parameters, dynamics, and stakes
that exist in the questions and issues of development, particularly so
highly connected technological systems that create massive centralized
efficiencies that disenfranchise more local realities which are never
accounted for or censored out or managed away via planned dysfunction.
If this condition were addressed in straightforward terms, it may be
possible to proceed in a way that protects people and prevents such
dynamics from worsening, which can involve state and regional
governance and federal and international changes in policy.
And so what presently exists in the span of electronically-tagged bank
notes, debit and credit cards, stored valued and prepaid cards, is
already operating within this domain, as are other forms of electronic
payment and barter, including 'rewards cards' and 'points' or
electronic tallied perks that span dollar value currency to other
forms, which feasibly could be mediated by a single device or card
system in the future. In this way, the up-and-coming Apple Watch could
be the device most likely to mediate the depth and breadth of this
situation, from taxation (hidden and overt) to payments (debit and
credit to rewards cards to bitcoin exchange) and yet this
concentration is also potentially a weak-spot for the individual and a
maximal pressure point for those targeted in these dimensions,
allowing more coherent control within a single device that could be
used for exploitation, subversion, illegal monitoring, and on and so
There would need to be a transitional scenario to address these
concerns within a sufficient legal framework that protects citizens
and establishes a new set of rules, for such integrated systems to
operate in more bounded terms of expropriation of data and details
that can be used against and disenfranchise human populations.
Central to this would be a new infrastructure that allows for the
conceptual rewiring of existing Internet of Things (IoT) ideology into
a protected framework that serves and does not exploit common human
interests for others to profit from this tyranny.
The situation with money and currency is core to this. A new standard
is needed to reestablish currency within a context and framework of
truth, so rules of fair exchange are known and enforceable,
establishing the shared social,economic,governing structure.
It is likely the only way to accomplish this is through electronic
currency, whereby the dynamics of the paper system are let go of, or
released, and mediated in other terms more beneficial to economic
principles than producing physical placeholders for value that devalue
the monetary system itself. A penny more expensive to produce than its
own value, (googled: "It costs the federal government 2.4 cents to
make a penny and 11.2 cents to make a nickel."). This is obviously
backward and counterproductive yet insanely the normalized ungrounded
situation, the default everyday nonsense scenario.
To get to a new monetary system or at least electronic currency, there
is no way this can be achieved without first addressing the relation
between currency and taxation, which is one issue in a context of
paper currency, and another in a context of data as both currency and
representative of money itself (i.e. guaranteed dollar sign amount).
The big view involves necessary to comprehend dynamics that today the
tax system and money both are frictional and function against economy,
and this directly connects with data likewise that is limited by these
forces in moving around or circulating in terms of its value, which
can be monetized though also or more fundamentally, its relation to
truth that can be accessible and achieved through reasoning, if made
available/allowed. To free up data in a context of public and private
infrastructure will require addressing issues of its taxation to
enable public subsidy of the IoT infrastructure within a public
framework and dimensions, this comparable to the need for the US as a
nation when established to develop a federal national parks system
[ref.ecddr], state parks, and greenways (such as the beautiful Twin
Cities, or Central Park in NYC by Frederick Law Olmsted), including
areas for recreation, fishing, baseball, picnics, dances, concerts,
iceskating and skiing, trails for hiking, nature preserves, etc. This
reflected shared public values of the citizenry to participate and
interact and stay connected with nature as the basis for values, which
has since eroded and been commercialized, turned into simulacrum, as
if everywhere is now a sector of an unacknowledged private Disney
A private corporation cannot represent or establish this shared public
realm without distorting it to its narrowed business interests,
involving a different motivating agenda. Instead, to create that
public realm of data exchange would require public subsidization to
allow for its development and sustenance, to enable exchange and
interconnection in a wider realm of human interests and values, such
as knowledge, cultural development, learning and education, policy and
government planning and citizen representation and public-private
collaboration mediated in the public sphere, not behind closed doors,
in this way an agora for debate and discussion and commons, for
culture to exist within.
The insular, proprietarized introverted self-focused internet then
could be extroverted and brought out of its shell and more fully
integrate with peoples lives in a balanced way, including with issues
of security and privacy (cryptography related, if of integrity) and
yet to accomplish this 'data' itself would need to be addressed in the
same way that paper currency and taxation likewise need to be, in that
the granularity or the existing 'decimal' level resolution is
completely insufficient to mediate issues of fair exchange and fair
tax and shared value in these existing warped structural dynamics and
a new higher resolution, micro- or fractional-value is needed in a
data context that allows microtransactions and microdata (IoT) to
exist instead of the default issues of audiovisual bandwidth for
telecommuncations and big-pipe infrastructure layouts that
functionally extort money to provide access, where scarcity is
establishing maximal profit at the price of maximal friction for
'ideas' and 'reasoning' in the form of data that is either locked away
or untransmissable due to red tape, barriers, ownership laws that turn
something public into a private confined property that is valued by
limited access yet is unjust in nature, and so on.  Everything
backwards, cannibalistic, to profit by not allowing things to happen,
by hoarding, preventing, instead of freeing, interacting, building, it
is erosion of interaction, knowledge, reasoning, ideas, etc. It is the
Dark Ages 2.0 when in an information society of maximal communication
shared truth has gone missing, empirical logical reasoning, instead
relativism is ubiquitous, clueless to its own isolated individuated
egoistic narcissistic condition. There is no knowledge within
computing systems, within networking, beyond that of a highly biased
tyrannical STEM framework that is the ruling technocratic ideology,
that outside of its own parameters is completely ignorance and instead
seeks to engineer culture while representing it in a quantified
worldview, as if that simple. In this way the issue of theology and
religion without truth or morality at the center, and instead an
ideological version of onesided pseudo-truth believed universal and
the just and legitimate framework to legislate collective reality in
scientific terms. In this way experimentation on human populations
occurs, illegal spying to gather data for social engineering, and so
to, denial of public services, for such a goal and ideal of the utopic
state of an ungrounded subset that is beyond external regulation,
existing on the inside of the hidden state, turning dials and pulling
levers of control.
If these dynamics could be dealt with, some vastly improved margin of
safety and realignment for the common human good and its welfare, then
microtax and this microdata could relate to microfinancing, and
various currency systems could co- exist in a shared framework. Such
that the entrepreneurial imperative of the citizen could be realized
in a sufficient framework necessary to realize its potential, such
that telework and other visions could become standardized and resolved
in terms of the previous domains of bureaucracy, which instead of
limiting interactions can be made to allow easy and secured and
guaranteed fair exchange, such that any interaction in terms of money
could be automatically micro-taxed, whereby the previous issues of
paperwork and auditing are not held as a Damocles sword over an
individual's life, for trying to do something, and instead could be
infrastructural and made as friction-free as possible. At the same
time, data itself, its movement or transfer within certain parameters
(such as IoT device-to-device or work output) could involve a basic
structural microtax, subpenny, a tiny fractional amount that is
tallied in the background that is extremely nominal per person,
perhaps nearly nonexistent in terms of small coinage per interaction
or day, though adds up in the background as a support for sustaining
infrastructure, and thus provides the basis for subsidizing free
public transaction spaces for interaction of devices and people
outside a corporate controlled and defined framework. In this way, if
the taxes are automatically dedicated and defined in highly sane terms
which are essentially mediated entirely in a realm of electronics and
numbers and nothing to do with paper currency or production of money,
beyond an interface device (say currency card as meta-note) then lots
of things could be possible that would allow short-term interactions
in business and legal frameworks that then remove the threat of
prosecution due to error or misreading or incapacity to deal with the
bureaucracy that is purposefully unable to be mediated except by means
of a professional middle-man which can exploit these dynamics
politically, such that especially for the poor, no actions can be
taken without retaliation and further repression for trying to operate
at a higher level than the ruling class will allow, as this is
enforced by IRS audits and monitoring, even of the poor, at the dollar
level, this protecting power of millionaires and billionaires of great
excess and surplus.
(When is the last time you have had the power cut to your apartment
complex in retaliation for having a coffee and banana bread at a cafe
as a birthday gift? This indicating the entrenched level of corruption
involved, its operational peak in wielding the power grid,
telecommunications and surveillance to oppress.)
What the future could hold, in this situation could be transformed,
would be a realm that moves from a basic electronic currency that is
guaranteed in truth, via a new constitutional and thus legal
framework, is the unification of services including public and
private, within a shared system of interaction and access.
The grocery rewards points and airline miles of credit card today
could be the approach to systems of barter or tiered access and
achievement. For instance, the issue of Boy Scout merit badges
translating a series of skills and aptitudes into an electronic
structure instead, when then could be compiled per individual as to
what events are tallied in such a system, as personal circuity,
cartography of the self, whereby like degree programs at University,
self-learning could occur via attending a particular class at one
location or institution, and then another at another time or space, as
these compile into a self-learning framework that can become an
education and lead to employment or vocation or other approaches. In
this sense, money as data, though also the gamification potential of
learning and incentivizing certain learning and skill building,
training, taking risks, etc. As this then can inform and develop a
culture that is coherent, serving its needs and larger goals. Such as
conservation programs for natural environments & wildlife, or
volunteering as requirement for other perks that could be mediated
privately and-or publicly, by businesses, governments, even within
families as incentive. Thus in some sense like a running curriculum
vitae, though across all areas.
In this way, a non-monetary system that is about data as currency
could also be established, in particular government support of
institutions that then could change data dynamics likewise. For
instance government funding for a museum could enable a perk akin to
those for corporate workers, that a family or person would have a
token to visit the museum twice a year for free, based on this public
subsidy and also its benefit to shared culture and literacy. And
perhaps even barter could occur between people, if someone wanted to
see the orchestra. This would level the field for those without money
to still participate in the culture versus banning people based on not
having enough money to be included or to participate or be represented
within culture. Likewise, if a digital picture frame the size of a
large painting were commonplace, say an electronic ink version, then
this same museum may allow the loan via copyright of a single image of
an artistic work from their museum archive to be displayed via fair
use in homes and dwellings, as part of this extension and
interconnection of shared value. It costs nothing, except it mediates
issues of property and copyright differently, in human public and
private terms and not just onesided selfish private terms.
In such a context, perhaps a person carries an avatar or some
intelligent agent or their pseudonyms and a level of anonymity along
with them in these systems, or that they can microfinance and allocate
support to certain indiegogo/kickstarter like personal initiative at
the level of penny stocks, though multiplied to millions of
participants with small fluctuating amounts though secured through
temporary or limited contracts, in this way microloans or investments
that may socially benefit though not return money back to the person
and instead develop culture or others capacity or programs, some
moreso than others, including via the ability of the citizen to direct
a proportion of their taxes into these variable programs, thus to have
their interests served or represented by the distribution of their tax
revenue. Thus scholarships may be funded decentrally or a public
garden or an experiment, though perhaps within a higher realm of
expectation than today, non-trivial and instead of creating and
supporting junk, that an auditing of the ideas is involved such that
it is of value to invest in, and reflects the principles of a given
person or people to support. And thus foolishness or wastefulness may
not predominate as the ground-up cultural development, funding pension
funds for lazy digerati.
So too, the literal realm of games, whereby perhaps a global videogame
system is established and mediated in these same dynamics, as well as
within education whereby a 'dream center' would allow each citizen to
develop their skills within a grant-framework, honing their
self-understanding through step by step development and then creating
a structure to place them optimally within society for maximal
contributive effect, via these same means, mechanisms, and structural
dynamics. So for instance, like an urban treasure hunt today or gps
waypoints in a wilderness obstacle course, so too education or
learning or skill development or life itself, for instance going to
location A (which may be a business) and mediating it within a certain
set of parameters (say for a game or educational skills) and having
this data tallied into the data currency framework, opening doors
literal or figurative, whereby the labyrinth can be exited if finding
and following the string of education.

@_date: 2015-02-11 04:27:03
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: time & crypto 
previous post wondered about what atomic clocks everywhere might be
useful for, in particular crypto. the following article has more
information on how mapping gravity via time differences via
highest-precision timekeeping relates to unlocking mysteries of the
earth's interior... (thus geological, geophysical) [0]
one aspect that has me puzzled about timing is the claim by Apple that
the Apple Watch is "One of the most accurate watches ever" while also
noting its accuracy is 50 microseconds, and likely has its timing
signal indirectly routed through the iPhone thus delayed prior to
setting the internal clock. interesting article on this issue [1],
with a backgrounder on existing timing technologies available today.
in particular, information about Apple's time servers that are linked
to UTC at nanosecond accuracy, and also that the clocks or timing
circuits inside smartphones and tablets are _not as accurate as i
imagined, also losing seconds a day (in this way somewhat like a
mechanical watch for precision).
the thing about the Apple Watch claim of timing accuracy, which the
article makes clear, is that a GPS watch that gets its signal from
orbiting satellites (via whatever speed-of-light & atmospheric
signaling delay) is receiving a time signal that is accurate in the
realm of nanoseconds from the universal standard, via several
synchronized atomic clocks onboard the GPS satellites. so apparently
that accurate timing signal has to transverse space and time to get to
another distant location, and it is unknown if at its destination it
has this accuracy or only when the signal is sent. the latter may be
possible with additional calculations based on various parameters of
GPS, thus the stated 50ns accuracy could be presumed that of a GPS
watch if not iPhone GPS time signal.
and yet with the tethering of the Apple Watch to the iPhone to
maintain its timekeeping, somehow this 50 nanosecond accuracy drops to
50 microseconds, which the observer noted is "a million times worse
than...the accuracy delivered by GPS." [1] because of this it is
puzzling how the claim of ~extreme accuracy can be made by Apple when
an iPhone has presumably better timing resolution due to design
decisions, than a device categorized as a watch as if in the same
lineage as precision chronometers that defined engineering excellence
and feats of microengineering, which also /appear/ as watchfaces on
the system-on-a-chip device, and yet that same adherence to accuracy
is seemingly not occurring even while still being claimed.
to give a sense of the issue, via proportion, a short video of Grace
Hopper provides a way of considering this situation by measuring  the
maximum distance electricity travels in space in a nanosecond and
microsecond. [2] this then allows hypothetical comparison between a
GPS timing signal sent directly to a smartwatch (50ns*11.8inches =
49.1667 feet) to that GSP or other time signal relayed to the Apple
Watch via tethered iPhone and its circuitry (50ms*984feet = 49,200
feet). in other words, length corresponds with accuracy to a universal
time standard and a GPS watch is potentially '49 feet accurate' while
the tethered Apple Watch seems to be '49,200 feet accurate' and saying
this is precise in a horological context of timekeeping and precision
it just seemed so backwards to me because if there was onboard GPS on
the Apple Watch then it would have precision that other devices also
have, and the claim of precision would be self-evident, instead of
potentially being marketing-speak to sell computer-devices via the
pretext of its being a watch, etc. so a boundary or threshold appears
to have been crossed or priorities may be different than expected in
this way. an onboard radio antenna would also provide higher
resolution, though perhaps the timing chip inside the SoC watch is not
built around highest precision as may otherwise be assumed. hopefully
in the future it will be.
the issue that seems relevant in the lag or delay is that there is
that much more room for things to happen in terms of unaccounted for
delays outside the parameters of hours:minutes:seconds, if
milliseconds is some threshold, and then events are occurring in a
realm of microseconds or even potentially nanoseconds, and how crypto
could be operating or calculating in those dimensions and dynamics
otherwise unseen or unobservable, such as 2+2=4 if looked at one way,
and 2+2=5 if viewed outside those boundaries. [3]
note: i specifically wrote about the above issue as part of a larger
Apple Watch analysis, [4] and these recent articles provided more to
consider about what may be involved. [4]
0. Cryogenic clocks pave the way to new measurements
[quote] According to Katori, "It was a great feeling to have shown
this excellent agreement between the clocks. If we can miniaturize
this technology further, it would have useful applications, since tiny
fluctuations in gravitational potential could be used to detect
underground resources, underground spaces, and the movement of lava.
We also hope that in the future, this will accelerate the movement
toward a new definition of the international second, based on optical
lattice clocks, to an even more stringent standard than the current
definition of the second, which is based on cesium oscillation."
1. How Apple Watch achieves its timekeeping accuracy
2. Grace Hopper - Nanoseconds / Microseconds
3. [2].5 + [2].5 = [5]
4. AWO: critique of Apple Watch concept

@_date: 2015-02-08 07:26:35
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: healthcare & wearables 
(who says assassination politics is not alive & well..)
Industry professionals create framework for measuring HIT value
"Healthcare professionals have created a framework for measuring
health information technology with a goal of making "HIT evaluations
more relevant to the current needs of the healthcare system,"
according to a paper published at the American Journal of Managed

@_date: 2015-02-05 03:24:26
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: q: security model 
quote: "The reason I bring up cryptography, however, is to show that it IS
possible to defend against adversaries with enormous resources at
comparatively little cost, at least in certain situations. The Singularity
tunneling problem should not be dismissed out of hand as being unsolvable,
but rather deserves to be studied seriously. There is a very realistic
chance that the Singularity may turn out to be undesirable to many of us."
just wanted to share the view that 'the singularity' may be an
ideological concept unless grounded in a model of empirical truth,
whereby 'many worlds' or parallel experiences are actually issues of
relativistic frameworks that are not aligned and instead exist in
different, faulty models of partial- or pseudo-truth, whereas 'the
singularity' would involve annihilating all reigning and ruling
falsehoods via a single integrated model of empirical truth for all
people to function within, thus the non-fiction approach to this idea
as it also involves psychology and awareness and these effecting
computation and softwared reasoning/rationalizations. akin to, in some
sense, the issue of various religions and deities that are competing
and contrasted, versus 'one truth religion' where truth survives and
is the religion. everything aligned with itself and coherent, as
cosmic order. then if someone doesn't get their way or privilege or
status due to grounding part with whole, it would be for the better,
and certainly people will in this way be falsified and not allowed
specious grand beliefs in denial of shared reality and instead this
would be mediated through hypotheses, debate, and evidence, logical
reasoning, and not now today via ideologies, beliefs and opinions
shared by individuals and groups as if reason, which instead functions
as powerful entities that are more powerful, determining events via
their truth, which manages interpretation.
also of note: forgot to simplify about the box. no technology in the
box. start with a pencil and paper, not a personal computer for
crypto, and each step involving the outside or reliance on the outside
introduces vulnerabilities. the more complex, the more can go wrong,
etc. thus the heavy reliance on computational technology itself
becomes the insecurity in the system though also, interaction with
others. the bobble observation prescient in that, in the above comment
about truth, if the tunneling is considered to be happening in a realm
of truth that is beyond external observation, that is effectively
security, even if against a more powerful adversary. which seems to
have been your point, much appreciated.

@_date: 2015-02-05 00:38:11
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: q: cryptoanalytic processor 
2nd observation. a few months ago i realized the close parallel
between the needs for a new computational paradigm for the IoT if it
were to succeed and issues of breaking cryptography, wherein the ideal
processing framework could be that used in cryptanalysis, and yet I am
only imagining how such a processor likely would have to function in
order to successfully approach & crack unknown codes, which tends
towards AI most likely, with human guidance or continuous interaction
and input, revised or new modeling, etc.
strangely, in the mundane realm of the everyday, it seems to relate to
how IoT and home-automation technology exists in a Wi-Fi based model,
at least in the non-integrated off the shelf choices for consumers, as
if everything is plug-n-play via Wi-Fi capability when this instead
relies upon a continuous broadcast of otherwise unnecessary radiation
(if wired ethernet exists as an option, in wall) and in general is the
least elegant, most pollutive approach to information exchange, in
terms of what is required versus what is actually needed or useful. in
that, to get a refrigerator to link with the WiFi wireless router and
internet connection then requires a _broadband connection that is most
suited to audio-visual streams of information or data, perhaps only
useful if appliances and other gear is either AV-based or covertly
audiovisual, where hidden streams of microphone data are sent or other
diagnostics via this broadband which otherwise is extreme overkill.
say for a controlling a wi-fi lightbulb or switch or simple robot.
So the thing is, it seems quite obvious that Wi-Fi as a universal
solution is a dead-end approach, and a failure in terms of strategy
for what kind of small-data sharing is required in appliances that
could be handled with a less energy intensive, lower data rate
solution, which tends towards Zigbee [0], aka 802.15.4, which is
normally used in distributed sensor networks, within limited
information exchange (though plenty to sustain and manage IoT device
interactions that are non-multimedia or requiring broadband
throughput, such as a network harddrive, NAS, etc.)
Thus it seems quite commonsense to question the 40+ year old model to
data management that WiFi is providing bandwidth to and further
securing as a universalized, dumb approach to issues of interaction
and device management, en group. In that the entire model is centered
on the PC and its binary processing and files and folders and existing
techniques to segment or sector activities into their own sectors and
domains and that a larger rationale cannot be established beyond
existing ideological constraints, to, say, suddenly have everything
operating together in new terms from bottom-up relations, based on
various game-of-life efficiencies as devices interact and develop
relationships and survive and optimize in the general model (as if
Spore lifeforms in some sense).
the thing about Zigbee, [1] in contrast, or at least it seems, is that
it provides an opportunity for an open framework of relations between
devices (each device akin to a sensor-platform in concept, perhaps, or
mars spirit rover, mars opportunity rover, etc, or refrigerator, hdtv,
playstation, lighting, etc). what if certain parameters involving home
automation or device interaction existed outside the single device
parameters in a business sense, and industry to industry or sector to
sector likewise, such that activity of an individual life is
fragmented within devices, not united and combined, based on the given
computational/processing approach yet where a /data potential/ exists
within each device likewise, such that if it were more accurately and
openly modeled in terms of device functionality, could perhaps
interact in other parameters and dimensions, in a micro-data sense,
where the parts benefit the whole and together function in meta-ways,
that cannot be determined by a single device and instead requires a
new system and way of considering these interactions.
and from my view it seems the limit to this is the PC model itself as
a hub, because people turn their computers off usually, and the
personal computer is supposedly supposed to be processing this
meta-condition via its hub, via Wi-Fi maximal radiation that is
always-on to support these minimal benefits and interactions at the
cost of, well, unnecessary electromagnetic pollution at the least,
though also, non-broadband requiring data rates for what is actually
going on or should be going on, with device interactions.
so this leads to the presumption that the computer server (for me i
once thought this would be Xserve [2] from Apple) in the home, where a
utility closet or server room/closet would be dedicated for household
computing, people would host their own websites, etc, not realizing at
that time the larger dynamics and limits involved, which today are
quite evidently neither secure nor effective in terms of data
management beyond an inherent bureaucratic inefficiency, which would
lead to home sysadmins visiting domiciles as if plumbers, yet on a
probably weekly basis to keep the messy works functional or at least
the appearance that everything is wound up and functioning correctly,
instead of this being an impossible to maintain state, given the
existing approaches/system.
in other words this is to question taking potentially novel
information, a realm of 'unknowns' occurring at a meta-level between
various devices, in which some parameters are accounted for or modeled
effectively and others in a gray-area of consideration though which
should not be thrown-out and instead analyzed or parsed, at the level
of patterns, and a PC-hub system today that is opposite this approach,
by requiring a preexisting rationalization to exist to fit everything
into which is flattened down into a realm of binary code which throws
out these unknowns, which is made structural in software solutions
that streamline this kind of ideological processing, into
compartmentalized views, most notably the transformation of the
computer program into apps, which perhaps in some ways has similar to
city planning at a larger scale (major desktop programs) to individual
houses (apps) that are of endless and repeating yet altered variety,
as housing stock, less comprehensive in totality yet more
comprehensive tiny details. of the latter approach, the now evident
realization that a majority of apps are base don reinventing the
wheel, taking something and tweaking it and calling it something new
or something else, while the main idea degrades through endless copies
of copies. and in this way also, the improbability of moving from this
decentered app-landscape or 'distributed and disconnected
computational environment' into a city-planning or development model,
where the various intricacies are united at a larger scale, made
coherent if this is not their origin or purpose to begin with. And it
seems the consumer-version of the IoT begins here, in this
fragmentation and ideological adherence, that all that is needed are
enough apps and Wi-Fi and the IoT will just start functioning as if by
magic with various efficiencies gained simply by plugging in and using
the devices in a backwards, inefficient, and ineffective way that
benefits those making these claims financially, by extending their
models as if shared standards, minus questions of data and the
substance of knowledge in relation to information transmission, and
truth itself as part of this development process.
so it seems obvious then that the computer model is off. not only off,
way way way off, like fundamentally unrealistic and that those who are
pursuing this personal adventure are involved in folly and have money
to burn and exist inside bubbles without any accountability outside
self-same ideological tenets and beliefs, drip fed or spoon fed from
Silicon Valley weathervanes pointing digital, where apps apps apps are
the best practice solution for any and everything, so long as it makes
money for technocrats.
the big issue with the PC appears and existing computer architecture
and processing appears to be that of predetermination, that the
existing model is correct and is the basis for decision-making and it
cannot be questioned and instead functions as a given or assumption,
and thus provides strategy and options to choose from, even if they
are subpar or even backwards and regressive. thus determinism is at
work, as ideology, whereby solutions are based on preexisting answers
and approaches that have in the past worked and now are being further
extended and yet cannot extend, cannot improve beyond a certain
preexisting limitation which should be obvious to those growing up
from the first decades of consumer computing, when Radio Shack sold
its own version of the same, the Tandy computer, which is essentially
the same device in use today, whatever the various branding is. not
much has changed under the hood in the ways things are done, at a
consumer-interface level, with how information is processed as data,
in that "ideas" do not exist within computers, only various
rationalizations or solutions for specific tasks or frameworks that
are limited, none of which are comprehensive. the closest to this
would be the OS as a generic space for potential processing and yet
even within this space of the desktop or tablet, the larger
conceptualization of the IoT cannot fit within it, as a file & folder
issue, as a subprogram that is of a lower hierarchy in some
significant sense to activities that are of lesser not greater
in other words, the binary-based black-and-white processing that is
also in the OS approach, beyond parsing bits and entering into the way
of managing ideas as data, such that there is no place for knowledge
or organization of ideas or information at a general abstract level
within these machines, when what is needed is each person's life to be
modeled at the scale of a world or universe and not a city plan or
various combined housing stock by outside developers or app builders.
cosmology is need, not comixology. and yet it is just not possible in
the given scenario. there is no there there, nor within the internet
front-end, for such interaction.
and so if people and these machines cannot correlate and relate and
become coherent, how can device-to-device interactions be modeled
effectively in their various optional dynamics, if it is a question
that exists beyond limited partial rationalizations, where the part
cannot approach or model the whole or substitute for it, and any
attempts lead to folly, indicating a threshold condition has been
reached and that the model is outdated, retrograde, if not
fundamentally unreal for the task encountered.
so it seems quite obvious then that an always-on home computer
infrastructure is needed that could process ambiguous data and make
new discoveries of relations and interactions in an open data model
based on patterns, how does this relate to that within these
parameters and in these looping sequences and frameworks. parsing at
the symbolic-level of data, not as binary bits and instead in a
different conception of processing and computation itself, where
'variables' are retained and not thrown-out, akin to holding onto all
the junk DNA in case it may have relevance or value in heuristic
modeling and reevaluation, where the data that is processed exists in
a realm of hypothesis and, critically, -- logical reasoning -- and is
not treated as a rationalization, where the PC awaits is already-known
correct answer which it correlates with and provides output for,
determined by software developers who are not wise about everything in
the world yet have the weird prospect of modeling everything as if
this is indeed their task, which then turns into a form of inaccurate
translation or representation that is wildly off-course with how the
world actually works, the nature of reality, social interactions,
knowledge, basically everything that is not in a programmers cookbook
of ready-made solutions, yet on the interior appears as if
comprehensive modeling and control over environments to those
ideologically aligned.
the Internet of Things is a joke in the existing scenario. a
boondoggle to pursue and participate in within the existing modeling,
for it requires a new foundation of computing, a new way of processing
data that is not possible within existing equipment, regimes of
computation, and computer architecture. it requires an understanding
of thinking, reasoning, decision-making beyond bits, 2-value where
making a choice is equated with being right or wrong. a bit too
simplistic for what is going on today, this absolutist relativism. it
requires massive questions about the nature of computers,
infrastructure, systems, feedback, diagnostics, the entire realm of
existing approaches interrogated, perhaps for the first time, so as to
retain the things that are effective and place them into a new
paradigmatically-different and improved framework.
to give some idea of the challenge, while today it would be possible
to swap out WiFi for Zigbee wireless, to allow minimal data
interactions, in the example of LED lighting, say with HUE data.lights
and a dual Zigbee/WiFi router to manage them [2][3], that it still
potentially relies upon and requires a certain approach to computing
that becomes a limit for how 'shared systems' can relate and within
what particular parameters, based on OS management and again
rationalizations within software that require choices or decisions to
be made about functionality. in that at some point it may be like
scripting the home environment, the triggering of various effects
based on noted cause scenarios (ifttt) though under the control of the
user. which may be fine for the present day yet at the meta-level,
everything needs to be decided upon. An example of this information
overload conundrum is easy to notice with the connected home and
interfaces that script conditions for the automated shades to rise and
lights to dim and TV to descend from the ceiling, that, so long as
those conditions are matched _exactly and can be predetermined
accurately, then succeed, though life is so much more complex than a
repeated pattern occurring the same over and over day to day, year to
year, and without that computational leeway ('ambiguous reasoning')
then forces fixed-patterns onto a schedule or flow, and becomes rigid
or pre/pro-scribes solutions or seeks to determine events based on
inadequate approaches to processing/evaluation, that then dumb-down
environments, efficiencies are lost at the same time technical
efficiencies are gained, in part, and that this is due to binary
computation and data modeling in insufficient frameworks and
non-AI-based approaches that cannot grow beyond these limitations or
scale or integrate with other activities that do not share the same
dynamics, or if they do, they are a false-view of the issues involved,
as if turning the washing machine on from the car on the highway is
the question and priority, versus its spewing toxic VOC fumes
(volatile organic compounds) [4] into the atmosphere, which should
have a global policy requiring scrubbers for all new laundry rooms and
machinery, to capture these neurotoxins prior to their release into
the air effecting people, environments and wildlife, though
-unmentioned- in the global warming and carbon emissions likewise
(outside the ideological data model), yet on par with pollution in
18th c. England with blackened soot filled skies from the first
industrial revolution, [5] which begat policies to recover nature and
civility, versus ignoring it (as with unnecessary gross-output of wifi
without its use, and disproportionate data-rate to what devices
actually need that connect with it, which could instead be turned off,
not radiating just to blast radiation).
so priorities are backwards, goals, strategy, if working from the
needs of truth and ideas outward, versus ideology inward. and this is
oddly enough correlated with crypto or so it seems. because it would
appear an always-on centralized computer processor in the home would
be needed to parse always-on IoT micro-data of various interconnected
devices and events queuing and chiming-in near and far in a
comprehensive data model. And that if unknowns are involved, this
server-like device would need to be able to manage a realm of unknown
variables that loop about as questions or hypotheses, as if lifeforms
or partial patterns that have yet to find their constellation match
and thus only partly process or 'compute' in the model, yet are
included or accounted for as such and not thrown out as data. so an
entire life of data (what is in the refrigerator, what products a
person has, their warranties, need for resupply, various contacts and
scheduling, analysis of routine patterns, tasks, etc) is then being
continuously juggled in what would be a custom framework per person
per environment (as world/cosmos) which could in some sense function
as clockwork, or fuzzy clockwork at best, if not also as circuitry
(the circuity of self, circuitry of work, circuitry of relations,
etc). and so at some extreme level of coherence all of this combines
into a general model of a life and its functioning, and what is
proposed is that this approach neither can be contained within a 1980s
file&folder framework nor within binary processing of these events nor
within an ideological solution provided by a developer of said
existing tools. and that instead, an always-running process would be
required to allow for this flow of data, this interaction and
placement of a person within it, accurately represented, and require
both AI and human interaction with the modeling, to help build,
establish, falsify data-model hypotheses, to optimize these relations
and in that way, the fuzzyness of patterns and routines then could
inform IoT person-to-device and device-to-device relations by this
larger comprehensive framework as the context, which instead is
absent, completey missing because it cannot exist in yesterday's
so the thing is, how do you process an incoming stream of potentially
unknowable data and yet keep it around and relevant. and one day i was
thinking about this scenario above, which i call the Data Furnace,
where a server-like machine is in a dwelling and controls the
lighting, media, networking, computing, and where peripherals tap into
this centralized resource which syncs all the data (as if grandfather
clock perhaps, symbolically), such that the modem and router disappear
into the utility closet and are integrated in the Data Furnace rack,
much like home theater server-systems or actually, most like modular
stereo systems as a conceptual basis for modular computing of the
future, which can be connected together, say UPS backup power module,
fiber modem, and musical sampler that provides lightspeed sound data
to musical keyboard interface or wirelessly to others. that the
technology is centralized, on the model of the mainframe and
timesharing, where dumb terminals are the most efficient approach to
coherence amongst devices and information then is in one place, not
many places at the same time in slightly different forms.
so if the PC of today is based on having everything 'known' in advance
of its processing, and having ready-made solutions that are available
for how to address situations via predetermined rationalizations, then
what the data furnace approach requires is a way of continual
questioning, and openness to information, and going beyond existing
models and challenging its own conceptualization as well as having the
ability to grown, transform, integrate data and various models and
frameworks at a higher meta-level, as this relates to an individual
though also to larger patterns, which could function equally well in
as a data-model and framework for a business, government, organization
or their combination, in that local patterns may be evaluated en masse
and reveal unique data at another level, as this is useful for
planning or business strategy. it is about intelligence, having
machines that support thinking and themselves provide an accurate
worldview that structurally connects to other 'integral and
differential' patterns and processes.
and so one day thinking about crypto, it dawned on me that the NSA and
government likely have already developed a solution for this kind of
processing albeit within a realm of high secrecy. or i would be
willing to bet that should capacity exists that would be directly
transferable as a technique, as the basis for this data furnace,
without risking any of the cryptological issues involved. in that
there are assumed two basic routes to cracking crypto via computers
today, or so it seems. and the first would be to have knowledge of the
task, and to know the encryption scheme in advance, and thus when a
stream of data is capture and analyzed it is done within an existing
framework or 'known rationalization' much like today's computers,
whereby speed and accuracy then allow a code to be broken due to
advanced knowledge of the code or secrets about the code that allow
its compromise via these or other technical methods. and thus ordinary
computation that exists in a realm of extreme performance could crack
crypto that is in some sense ordinary or usual. and so billions of
trillions of calculations a second could potentially deal with
everything that occupies a given realm of parameters and known crypto
approaches. so mainstream crypto would be this, presumably. and either
already broken or breakable.
though another likely possibility exists for cryptanalytic computers,
which is that the data stream is unknown and unknowable in the given
existing scenarios. and so how would a machine approach that
situation, if either its binary data was analyzed or data that is
non-binary, say patterns or traces within a series of 20 books that
are referenced in an article believed to be used to pass secret data,
whereby entire collections of libraries (of books referencing books)
and data from content experts is needed, (papers, lectures,
whitepapers) and also mathematical and linguistic analysis ranging
from geometry to typography and translation and etymology, all that
either could be addressed by a network of said people and distributed
experts, or automated and partially developed in a hypothetical
framework via computer and human hybrid modeling, which may or may not
accurately approach the code in question, if it indeed is the
encrypted code.
what my presumption is is that a computer exists, a processor, that is
capable of taking information in, whatever it is, and analyzing it via
patterns within various frameworks, models, parameters and approaches,
and seeking out structure and relations that establish or build some
meta-conceptualization based on what is availably parsed in whatever
dimensions are accounted for and correctly analyzed. in other words,
identifying and managing and combining and distinguishing and relating
patterns in ways that are akin to reasoning, within hypothetical
models that may only partially match the situation, and then could be
further evaluated, expanded or refined, though continually are tested
and retested again, as unanswered questions though at most only
partially answerable, awaiting or given more information that either
contradicts or expands or solidifies the modeling (tending towards 1,
in terms of probable accurate interpretation). if such a computational
engine could be, as a defense technology, transplanted into a home
environment (and business, and government) as a new foundation for
'reasoned computation' that is grounded in truth, and reliant upon it,
then the various ambiguous data streams could begin to automatically
build-out and build-up their own interrelations specific to given
situations, scenarios, environments, and individual and interacting
people, whereby the rulesets are not prefigured or predetermined and
instead evolve, as data-models, within paradoxical frameworks, where
logic is not just on/off, and instead like sampling, of variable
resolution (N-value logic) though beginning in the gray-area
(3-value), where the processing exists in a neutral middle realm of
questioning, and remains there, tending towards 1, away from 0 (false
modeling) as time moves in the connected systems, near and far, as
patterns function as gears and together clockwork though as
information tied to matter and energy, not separated from it, and held
apart, segmented into other unrelated domains. this integrated parsing
of events and activity then what distributed sensor networks
potentially involve, operate within, as with ambient intelligence of
nature as a realm of processing, as patterns develop, change,
transform, die, begin anew.
perhaps those who know how these cryptanalytic processors actually
work could correct the above assumptions if inaccurate or provide more
information about the nature of the challenges involved. from my view
such technology is required for the IoT to serve humans, whereas the
existing binary equipment is sure-fire the path to human enslavement
via idiotic ideological technology that seeks to rule and manage over
other lives via conformance to authority-based obedience to inaccurate
models, wrong beliefs, and misplaced authority, in the guise and under
the shield of being cool, trendy, up-to-date, when this is backwards,
mind-numbingly stupid, and beneath the ability to even reason about
because 'ideas' are not involved beyond private interests exploiting
for profit.
0. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.

@_date: 2015-02-04 18:37:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: q: time & crypto 
observation, i have been intrigued by the idea of future mechanical
watches built using nanoelectronics and micromechanical timing
mechanisms that could be scaled to very tiny watch movements that
perhaps could be hybrid analog (mechanical) computer-on-a-chip
devices, so that a watch would have an electronics interface (LCD
screen, other indicators) along with mechanical hands and timing,
potentially. that said, today the Swiss technology seems thoroughly
operating at the old scale (at least to outside views) in their
watching, yet this scaling-down of watch movements seems a natural
next step in the technological progression, perhaps a mechanical
moore's law of some sort relating to physics tools enabling clockwork
modeling at ever smaller scales, & also circuitry.
so what if what today exists as a half-dollar (USD) medallion sized
watch 'movement' tomorrow could be equivalent to the realm occupied by
fabled smart dust, where the mechanism itself nearly disappears by
comparison, say down to a centimeter if not a few millimeters for a
mechanical movement that could rotate minutes and seconds hands on a
watch display, that through magnification via lens could then appear
at a normal watch scale for readability, etc. such that additional
power would not be needed to gear a motor to drive larger scaled watch
hands, or perhaps that would even be possible, given future energy
options. the point here being the idea of mechanical timing operating
at a lower scale, though also with increased timing precision. one way
to consider it would be to have such a system synced with GPS for
accuracy, and then adjust the mechanical watch hands to a synchronized
time regimen.
another way to consider it would be that something new is possible in
this realm, including both mechanically, where a mechanical cantilever
can be set to vibrate at a natural harmonic frequency (much like a
quartz crystal used in timing circuits) if not mistaken, (these things
used as frequency-combs for spectroscopy) [0], thus if consistent
timing were achievable, perhaps this vibrational energy could be the
basis for moving a clockwork mechanism, ratcheted gear by
interconnected gear, to produce 'time' as it were.
at the nanoelectronic side of things, [1] it would seem that at
whatever the smallest scale of charged particle flow could be
harnessed into circuits, that this then would build-up the electronics
side of the watch, to interact with a mechanical circuit via
additional info or data (communications, software, etc) though
potentially also timing regulation, or smoothing out input or whatever
may be possible. so perhaps the 'electronics' could be part of the
timing circuit or exist beside it, functioning independently in
parallel. or that the accuracy of the timing could be generated via
electronics (say a more accurate crystal frequency or resolution for
the timing circuit, that either adjusts or corrects it or drives it).
so thinking about extremes and what-ifs, the idea here is to consider
what may be possible if reaching such a capacity for a watchmaking and
what might change as a result of this kind of technological
advancement, especially in terms of time.
needless to say, today mechanical hybrid watches and "smartwatches"
have comparably low resolution timing accuracy when compared to the
most accurate atomic clocks in use for standardized time keeping. so
too, the idea of network 'timestamps' appears to propagate as a way of
maintaining time on network-reachable watches, such that an Internet
Time Server relays a time signal to a device which then sets its clock
to that remote standard, perhaps not unlike issues of web serves and
routers and how time is maintained and used to coordinate and route
event data. and it is to question this existing scenario (in
particular electronic and computer-based watches and devices) as this
relates to issues like encryption and random-numbers and hashing
functions, if the "time" of a device is managed remotely and in some
major sense, inaccurate at a local level, or not unique to a
particular space-time and instead managed by a centralized though
inaccurate timekeeping system which is never actually synchronized. in
that there are huge gaps and losses of resolution (which may be a
matter of perspective, in that 'time' may be viewed a construct) and
yet, what if this has fundamental relation to how crypto functions,
could function, or cannot function as a result.
this consideration led to my observation of how having an atomic clock
as a wristwatch movement would likely be possible in the above MEMs
and nanoelectronics scenario. and what would that mean, if
super-resolution timekeeping were available at a local level of
interaction, where gravity or nano-fractional differences in time may
be leveraged for unique non-reproducible running number sequencing
that could generate hashes or be used for randomization or encryption
of unique point-to-point timing where the keys are correlated to the
unique timing of independent atomic watches. In that, consider GPS
satellites that send out a time signal to a device and in their
miniscule differences in arrival, location can be determined. what if
the same is true of wristwatches, where each watch is like that, with
relativism or the gap, instead of being a dead-area or deficit,
becomes a basis for knowledge and a barrier or wall to outside peering
into the connection, if a secure channel between watches could be
established, and thus not 'tapped' into without a certain running
timing sequence to discombobulate the merged streams as harmonized.
It is just wondered if such atomic wristwatches could feasibly change
the game for point to point or one-to-many communications in a secure
communications protocol. or perhaps such timing mechanisms per device,
as applicable, in terms of security (phone, bankcard, etc). it just
seems that timing and encryption could go hand-in-hand in that their
dynamics are potentially highly complimentary though also, the lack of
such timing coherence then could allow negative relativistic dynamics
in their place, where exploits could be based on inaccurate homogenous
timing regimens that remove timing as part of a security measure or
0. 1.

@_date: 2015-02-04 06:13:15
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: get chipped at your local tattoo parlor 
Swedish office gets under employees' skin with RFID microchips;
Forget your office door key? Can't remember the code for the
photocopier? No need to worry if you happen to have a microchip
implanted in your hand. // (2.3.2015), 2 min. video
in-article reference, (9.12.2014):
The rise of the Swedish cyborgs
By Jane Wakefield Technology reporter
'"The idea is to become a community that is why they get implants done
together," [Mr Sjoblad] says.'

@_date: 2015-02-05 02:44:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: q: security model 
third and last observation: the other day i was considering how
'security' seems to be achievable only by putting someone in a secure
area or box, and keeping the world outside this box, and how absurd
that seems to be because it requires removing the world in order to
try to attain security, if indeed this is an accurate assessment.
the thing that struck me about this is that the world changes outside
the box, and so this could either force detachment from the world,
which then increasingly becomes out of touch with the external realm
not included in the box, or that only people who are inside the same
box can safely communicate, as long as they are modeled or entirely
known in their parameters.
in other words, if a person is all alone in the box they may be
secured, yet the moment anything changes, or the world itself changes,
this situation could be effected within this supposedly safe and
secure zone. in that, if the person is inhabit or engage with the
world they need to be able to interface and interact with the world.
and thus perhaps the boundary or threshold issue, of entropic
balancing, should anything change or the two realms somehow begin to
crossover into one another.
in this way, interaction beyond the box of security then potentially
allows vulnerabilities into this secure zone, via the unknowability or
inaccurate accounting for how these external relations exist, both
outside and inside the once secure box.
so too, any persons that are also included in the safe zone of the box
inherently carry with them unknowns if not modeled and accounted for
accurately that potentially jeapordize this internal condition,
presumably more secure than no security, though with more interaction
and access to 'the outside world' the more vulnerable in various
dimensions, parameters, dynamics, known and unknown.
so it just seemed like security itself would be impossible to achieve
if the idea involves keeping out the world, or not accounting for
things within a security context, yet having this be a hive of
activity likewise, unless security accounting were happening to the
Nth-degree beyond what may be external signifiers of security, 'the
sign of security' versus its indepth practice in undocumented terms
that may not even be mentioned or perceivable, given the advanced
context that could exist in certain scenarios.
it is somewhat like the scenario: a person walks into a bar... except
that it is a supposedly secure box where they exchange secret messages
and meet at conferences and function in industries (boxes within
boxes) where various vulnerabilities are interwoven with activities
and how could this occur in a real context of actual security unless
much more was happening than meets the eye or ear.
maybe this leads back to the idea of unknowability as the threshold
for security, beyond a realm of awareness, where it cannot be deducted
because things do not add up beyond a threshold condition and sensory
awareness fails to provide a framework to evaluate what conditions
feasibly need to exist for security to exist, which tends towards the
metaphysical, the invisible, the utterly alien, etc.

@_date: 2015-02-13 04:34:34
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: lab-in-a-box 
(quantifying and real-time activity auditing in-office)
Lab-in-a-box takes aim at doctors' computer activity
They call it "the Lab-in-a-Box." According to Nadir Weibel, a research
scientist in the Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) department at
the University of California, San Diego, inside the box are assorted
sensors and software designed to monitor a doctor's office,
particularly during consultations with patients. The goal is to
analyze the physician's behavior and better understand the dynamics of
the interactions of the doctor with the electronic medical records and
the patients in front of them. The eventual goal is to provide useful
input on how to run the medical practice more efficiently.
Read more at:

@_date: 2015-03-01 18:10:55
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Governments Covertly Fund Internet Freedom Activists 
'they' (political monoculture) threaten this dissolving
of support against the peasants and poor all the time,
(limiting and removing health services, social security)
wait until those 'virtually wealthy' ---reliant on things never
changing, ungrounded in their beliefs--- lose the support to
maintain their existence and yet have many bills to pay...
it gets nasty real quick when bureaucracy is against you.
losing support of that same bureaucracy just gotta hurt,
especially under crazed monocle of global security state
(don't worry, winks the mass media newscaster,
you will be protected, you're one of us...)
On Sun, Mar 1, 2015 at 12:02 PM, brian carroll

@_date: 2015-03-01 18:02:39
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Governments Covertly Fund Internet Freedom Activists 
...whereas actual political change in an institutional
context (ngos, nonprofits, national orgs, etc) could
dismantle/destroy these royal lifestyles via rapid loss
of non-recoverable government funds/ideological subsidy
(emptied wine cellars, filtered water basis for everyday luxury)
On Sun, Mar 1, 2015 at 11:58 AM, brian carroll

@_date: 2015-03-01 17:58:32
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Re: Governments Covertly Fund Internet Freedom Activists 
perhaps the institutionalization of 'royal perks' explains
in part the necessity of a one-party governing system,
where any actual opposition (politics) are then managed
and absorbed into this model, to protect/secure/maintain
aristocratic lifestyles otherwise threatened by actual change,
where the focus of issues of subsidy then becomes the poor:
"hark! peasants are drinking wine, wine!! with Our Money!"
(in a top-down surveillance context, who benefits/profits most?)

@_date: 2016-09-28 17:38:51
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: re: diceroll 
please disregard previous message, page formatting is broken in the document
and it was not that way earlier and it does not appear to be an easy fix so the
text will be removed until it can be figured out, if possible. apologies.

@_date: 2016-09-28 17:03:58
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: diceroll 
The following ongoing research may be of interest to some on the list.
It is not complete as a multivolume project, though the majority of a
first volume on dice related to thinking, language, patterns, code and
cryptography. It is sent now because of instability of the text that may
prevent its continuation due to remote change of the notational icons.
Research will continue for the foreseeable future so indepth discussion
is not possible though if necessary send feedback to the email above.
Dice, Cards, & Computation --
filename: DICE volume1 (in process) 9.28.2016
link to Dropbox folder
direct link to PDF

@_date: 2017-11-13 20:30:05
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: DICE - volume 1 
This is an announcement of the completed volume 1 text on dice.
 It is similar to exploring the universe in a grain of sand yet involves
 a comprehensive conceptual evaluation of dice as a hypothesis
 that exists to be falsified, thoroughly corrected, improved upon.
 Dice, Cards, & Computation - volume 1 (2017, no-copyright)
 details: full text 6688pp PDF, 99mb, photographs 345mb.
 ---> full text & photoset zipfile 432mb
 ---> separate PDF files, photoset
 thank you for considering the ideas
 Brian Thomas CARROLL
 ____________________________________________________________
 Apple Watch Observations - 125pp (2015, no-copyright)
 On Drums and Drumming in the 21st century - 410pp
