
@_date: 2001-09-11 15:21:44
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Re: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old Executive Office  Bldg 
OK, here's what's going on ...
in NYC: two separate planes collided into each of the WTC towers  this
morning. Each tower eventually collapsed. Seems very few people made it out
from the top 40 floors of each building. It turned out that the planes where
hijacked ...
in DC: a plane crashed into or next to the Pentagon. a bomb of some sort
went of next to the Old Executive part of the White House, and it now seems
another bomb went off at the State Department.
They have locked down NYC (no in-no out), evacuated the UN and subways are
closed. In DC they are evacuating all Federal buildings (in NY, most where
in the WTC), the pentagon, etc. and they are trying to get people to leave
the Mall.
At present they have also stopped all airline traffic in the US, however
there are anywhere from 5-to-8 planes that are unaccounted for and there is
a standby concerning whether they are looking for targets or simply
mid-flight and need a place to land.
There was just a crash in Pennsylvania and no one knows whether it was
related to the attacks or not.
That's about all I know ...
hope this helps,

@_date: 2001-09-16 09:34:10
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Re: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Hate to bud in, but Mecca and Medina are in Saudi Arabia, not Syria.
Syria doesn't have any sites considered holy by Muslims.
Arab states.  In this, he is not objecting to the Israeli occupation of East
Jerusalem, but to the western enlightenment.

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:00:03
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Re: Muslims and Christians Stand United 
WTF is this?
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Wednesday, September 26, 2001 7:01 AM
martyrs in
Asses to

@_date: 2001-09-27 03:59:41
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Re: The Confession Of Aimee Farr 
No Aimee, YOU wouldn't know a special agent if they bit you in the ass.
While I don't know if there are people monitoring this list specifically, my
bet is there might be and  I certainly feel badly for the sorry fuck doing
this shit detail who has to weed through your fantasy gibberish of  being
some super-cool undercover agent, and your pratling about what *they* are
theoretically saying and doing.
Either ante up your credentials (no super secret squirel decoder rings
allowed), or shut the fuck up.
And if you're still desperate for attention - go strip in traffic. Hell,
it'll certainly pay more then your sorry law practice in that shit poor town
you keep claiming as the new super-secret epicenter (and here's a tip, go
read Chris Whitcomb's new book, that way at least you'll know the right
words to use and the locations of the real field offices ... on the other
hand, please don't).

@_date: 2001-10-29 21:00:42
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Stew Baker: Fox News goes overboard 
For those who haven't seen the Baker rebuttal, that Declan mentioned, here
it is-

@_date: 2001-10-08 20:13:21
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Mitnick Warns Other 'Scapegoats' ... 
Has anyone seen this -
Mitnick Warns Other 'Scapegoats'
Wired/ 10.8.01
The world's most notorious hacker says the government should focus on
securing its computer systems rather than snooping on citizens.
Kevin Mitnick, who spent four-and-a-half years behind bars for breaking into
the computer systems of telephone companies, stresses that hackers should
take extreme care these days given the sensitive political environment and
the new laws defining many hacks as acts of terrorism.
He also warned that any hacker could win the "scapegoat sweepstakes" at any
time, receiving a harsh sentence to serve as an example to other hackers.
Mitnick, who has testified before a Senate committee on the dangers of
politically motivated hack attacks, thinks cyber terrorism is a credible --
but not particularly critical -- threat that could be headed off by
strengthening security at government agencies and private corporations.
He firmly believes the newly proposed Patriot Act is just an excuse for law
enforcement to further its own agenda.
The act, approved on Wednesday by the House Judiciary Committee and slated
for a full vote this week, gives wide-ranging surveillance powers to the
police, including extensive scrutiny of electronic communications.
"The Patriot Act is ludicrous," Mitnick said. "Terrorists have proved that
they are interested in total genocide, not subtle little hacks of the U.S
infrastructure, yet the government wants a blank search warrant to spy and
snoop on everyone's communications."
If anyone has a right to what some might see as paranoia, Mitnick would be
that man. He's been portrayed in newspapers, books and movies as the
all-powerful evil programmer, a brilliant hacker able to launch a nuclear
war with a mere whistle into a cell phone, able to bring down government
computer systems on a whim.
For the record, Mitnick denies many of the crimes that have been credited to
him and said the government and the mainstream media created the myth of
Mitnick for their own profit.
"I am not innocent but I certainly didn't do most of what I was accused of,"
he said. "Basically, I won the scapegoat sweepstakes."
Mitnick agreed to be interviewed as part of the publicity for his role in an
episode of a new ABC spy drama, Alias, in which Mitnick plays a CIA computer
expert. Mitnick's episode, "Doppelganger," is scheduled to air Sunday, Oct.
Arrested in February 1995 for hacking into the computer networks of
communications providers such as Digital Equipment, Pacific Bell, Bell
Atlantic and Internet service provider The Well, Mitnick was held without
bail for four and a half years.
He served eight months of that time in solitary confinement as authorities
apparently feared he could still manage to hack into some device and cause
the end of the world. He pleaded guilty to entering computer systems without
authorization, served another eight months, and was released in January
Mitnick is banned, until January 2003, from using computers, acting as a
technical consultant, or writing about computers without permission from his
probation officer. Mitnick recently was given permission to carry a cell
phone so that he could be in touch with family during his father's terminal
Mitnick was allowed to keep the phone after his father died five months ago
but believes it's so authorities can keep track of him.
Mitnick testified before the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee in
Washington on March 2 and outlined a comprehensive plan that would secure
computer systems against most hack attacks.
He believes that the government should be hardening their systems now,
although he's not totally convinced that cyber terrorism is the worst
"Yes, a coordinated team of hackers could take down the communications
systems, the power system, perhaps the financial markets," he said. "But all
of those systems would be back online pretty quickly; you can't really knock
them out for an extended period. You could use those outages as a decoy
though, to draw attention from what you are really planning."
But he believes that increased surveillance powers aren't going to help win
the war against terrorism and he thinks the government knows it.
"The government does things like insisting that all encryption programs
should have a back door. But surely no one is stupid enough to think the
terrorists are going to use encryption systems with a backdoor. The
terrorists will simply hire a programmer to come up with a secure encryption
Mitnick defines a hacker as someone who has a passion for technology,
someone who is possessed by a desire to figure out how things work.
Sometimes, he said, that passion may lead a hacker into the shadowy places
where the law and hacker ethics conflict.
"A hacker doesn't deliberately destroy data or profit from his activities,"
he said. "I never made any money directly from hacking. I wasn't malicious.
A lot of the unethical things I did was to cover my own ass when I was a
Mitnick does not justify all of his hacks. He admits he broke into computer
systems to peek at code that powers cellular phone systems. He didn't
destroy data or sell it. But he copied proprietary software.
He did have long lists of customer records from major corporations --
including customer credit card numbers -- but said he used the information
to "social engineer" his way into systems.
Social engineers hack people instead of computers, coercing information out
of people by pretending they have a right to that information. Mitnick said
he used those corporate billing records to assume customers' identities.
"The companies would ask address, credit card information, things like that
to confirm that you were who you said you were. That's why I needed the
customer databases. Everyone always wondered why I had all those credit
cards and never used them or sold the numbers," he said.
Mitnick believes Dmitry Sklyarov, the Russian software programmer currently
awaiting trial in the U.S. on charges he violated the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act, may have also won the so-called sweepstakes. He warns young
hackers to pull back and be very careful now.
"I hope Dmitry puts up a good fight," Mitnick said. "He's got a great
lawyer. I had a public defender. He's innocent, I wasn't. All the right
people are supporting him. I pissed a lot of the right people off by hacking
into The Well."
The Well is an online service that, in its heyday, was the online community
of choice for anybody who considered themselves a technophile. Mitnick used
The Well's servers as a sort of storage locker for data he'd pilfered from
other places, which angered many users who assumed he'd crawled all over the
system and violated their privacy.
"I was on the run, and didn't have any place to store this data I was
collecting. So I hid it all over the Net like it was Easter eggs."
Mitnick does admit to reading the e-mail of New York Times reporter John
Markoff, who reported on Mitnick for The Times, and then co-authored Tsutomu
Shimomura's book, Takedown: The Pursuit and Capture of America's Most Wanted
Computer Outlaw -- By The Man Who Did It.
"I read their e-mail because they were discussing how the FBI was going to
catch me. I didn't read it all, just searched for a combination of letters
that's in my name, and words like "trap," "trace" things like that. Again,
this is something I had to do to cover my ass, total self-preservation."
Mitnick hosts a radio show, and is currently working on a book on social
engineering and how people can protect themselves against it. The book will
be published next year.
Many in the hacking community believe Mitnick is an outstanding social
engineer but just a so-so hacker with limited programming skills.
"I'd say I'm equally skilled in both areas," Mitnick said, "but no, my
programming skills aren't stellar. Yes, I'd rather hack people's brains than
code. If I needed to know about a security exploit, I preferred to get the
information by accessing the companies' security teams' files, rather than
poring over lines of code to find it on my own. It's just more efficient."
Mitnick gave an interesting example of the power of social engineering.
Enlisting a co-worker to demonstrate, he proved that it is easy to spoof
caller ID information by placing calls to Wired News that appeared to come
from other destinations such as the White House.
The information that appeared on the incoming caller ID information
identified the calls as coming from the spoofed addresses, instead of the
phone number that was used to place the call.
"Imagine what a malicious hacker could do with this trick, which, by the
way, is a perfectly legal feature of the phone system," Mitnick said.
"Imagine if your caller ID identified a call as coming from your credit card
company, or your bank."
Mitnick said the best way to avoid social engineering scams is to trust
And yes, he is bitter over the way his life has been "twisted and torn out
from underneath me." But knowing he'll be free to use computers again in
2003 keeps him going.
He cautions young hackers not to take any chances now.
"Set up a network with your friends and try to hack into it. I know it's not
the big challenge you're looking for. You don't get the thrill of entering
into forbidden territory, but now is not the time to be hacking. Trust me,
you do not want to be the next big winner of the scapegoat sweepstakes."

@_date: 2001-10-08 22:26:17
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Re: What color are anthrax spores anyway? 
(based solely on proper CDC responce to a questionable hazzard such as
pulmonary anthrax):
If it had been truly believed by ANYONE at the CDC that the situation had
originated in N. Carolina, there would have been one hell of a lockdown of
all farms and immediate testing of all livestock in the region (including
samples from every restaurant, meat packing plant, food market, furrier, and
slaughterhouse - as well as samples from every worker involved with
livestock, every farmer, chef, and meat packer etc). There was no such
If it has been belived that the 2 incidents were bizzarely timed, yet
natural incident occuring in Florida, the same actions would have occured in
Florida in every town these men had lived in or visited for the past 60
There would have also been an immediate stoppage of all meat deliveries by
all meat packing plants, slaughterhouses would have been shut down for
testing, and all livestock farms that dealt with any of the supermarkets and
plants in Florida - and the CDC would have immediately put a call out to
stop all meat consumption in those states that recieved meat from the same
plants ... None of this occured.
Tim is correct  about the North Carolina story "no longer operative." The
story that this occured naturally seems to be slowly slipping as well -

@_date: 2001-10-10 22:24:59
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Re: Register: RIAA secret meeting a hoax. 
... but only those in the super-secret inner sanctum know for sure
(& it reads like an abridged techo version of  Leyner's "Young Bergdorf
Goodman Brown")

@_date: 2001-10-10 20:12:13
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Register: RIAA secret meeting a hoax. 
looks like the RIAA thing was a hoax ...
 The trouble with the Internet is that it's just too darn fast. Publish a
story and it's all around the world before you've caught your breath. Or
had a chance to change what you'd incautiously posted prematurely. Which
is certainly the case with Monday's 'Music biz wants tougher DMCA, CPRM 2
to protect copyright' story.

@_date: 2001-11-06 08:09:14
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Re: enumeration 
I don't know how wise it is to put lists together. Several agencies have
funny reactions to things like that, and start using terms like "targeting"
et al.

@_date: 2001-12-20 18:01:58
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Fw: Israeli compromise of U.S. telecommunications? 
fwd from cryptography list:
some interesting points on CALEA -
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2001 10:41 AM

@_date: 2002-02-16 16:52:23
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Re: Say a goodnight prayer for joshua. 
No Choate, that is not true. Crossing the Rubicon was declaring war on those
in power in Rome (& on Rome itself to be technical). The rules were quite
clear: cross the Rubicon with a legion = declaration of war.
Caesar's "bitch", as you call it, was that he was sent to serve in far
corners of the empire while Pompey stayed in Rome and stirred up the Senate
against him. By the time he was told to give up his command and come back to
Rome, it was to face charges of financial impropriety and questions of
treason (what started as an investigation into his financial behavior as
Curia of the Vestal College turned into accusations of attempting to subvert
the Republican ideals, i.e., it was feared that he wished to be named King).
If he had come home alone (sans legions as directed) he would have been
arrested; if he had stayed away (which he did for a few months) ignoring the
call to return he was acting in a treasonous way and eventually an army
would have come looking for him; and so - with the only option left to march
on Rome - he did so. And he did so with every intention of unseating Pompey
and taking over the Consulship.
And yes, by all accounts Caesar's goal was individual glory. He wanted the
Consulship, felt he had been cheated out of it, and staying with his legions
as a General was not his desire - he desired his legions stay loyal and make
him Consul - thus the rather large bribes and the rather large debt that
caused the initial call for investigation in the Senate.

@_date: 2002-04-02 20:27:55
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: Software encryption patent incites controversy ... 
Sorry this is so long (I don't have a link) - but this is definitely worth a
read-through when you have a few minutes.
 -------
WESTLAKE VILLAGE, CA., April 2, 2002 - A company that in
February 2001 obtained a patent to encryption technologies
 is now harassing other publishers of security software,
 demanding that they cough up licensing fees for products
 published years before the patent application was filed.
 Maz Technologies Inc.,  Irvine, CA, is demanding at least $25,000 from PC Dynamics,
  The U.S. Patent and Trademark
 Office (PTO) issued patent 6,185,681 to Maz on February 6,
 2001. The patent claims to cover all application-
independent or transparent encryption technologies.
 "The patent is a mistake, and should never have been
 awarded," said Bruce Schneier, internationally-renowned
 security technologist, author, founder and chief technical
 officer of Counterpane Internet Security Inc. Schneier is
 the inventor of the Blowfish encryption algorithm and
 Twofish, a finalist for the new Federal Advanced Encryption
 Standard. In 2001, he testified on computer security to the
 U.S. Senate's Commerce Subcommittee on Science, Technology,
 and Space.
 "The Cryptographic File System, written and made available
 in 1993, does the same thing. I expect this thing to be
 overturned quickly -- it's idiotic. It's abuses of the
 patent system like this that make it difficult for
 legitimate companies to develop and market technology
 products," said Schneier.
 "This is an absurd claim," said Peter Avritch, president of
 PC Dynamics, which publishes a virtual disk encryption
 product for Windows called SafeHouse. The company first
 introduced SafeHouse in 1994. In turn, SafeHouse draws on
 transparent encryption technologies that PC Dynamics
 earlier included in MenuWorks Total Security, first
 published in 1991, seven years before the patent
 application was filed.
 "The demand from Maz is based on a patent application filed
 in 1998, long after the widespread use of hard drive
 encryption. That application somehow failed to discover and
 identify a huge body of 'prior art' that included existing
 encryption products, even encryption products used for
 decades by the U.S. government - which the PTO also somehow
 failed to research before it approved the patent. Clearly,
 the PTO needs to re-examine and invalidate this patent.
 "Further, did Maz willfully file a false claim of
 intellectual property? Under a 'Walker Process' antitrust
 counterclaim, a company can seek treble damages from a
 patent holder if the patent holder willfully defrauded the
 PTO -- in this case, by not referencing the abundance of
 like-acting software already available at the time the
 patent application was filed," said Avritch.
 Koppel, Jacobs, Patrick & Heybel, the law firm for Maz
 Technologies, also offered a claim chart and license to
 Envoy Data,  Tempe, AZ. Envoy
 resells SafeHouse and publishes its own encryption and
 security products.
 "It's ironic that Richard Koppel, senior partner of the
 firm, personally filed the original trademark applications
 for MenuWorks in 1987," said Avritch. "Now his firm is
 targeting a former client."
 "It's also ironic that we've been through this before,"
 said Avritch. "In the early 1990s, PC Dynamics published
 the Energizer Bunny Screen Saver. In 1994, the company was
 targeted as the first test of a patent claiming rights to
 nearly all advertising or corporate logos appearing in
 software products. Coverage of the patent fight triggered
 Bruce Lehman, then Commissioner of Patents for the PTO, to
 order a re-examination and invalidation of the patent,
 5,105,184."
 The licensing demands have spurred other developers and
 vendors of encryption products to volunteer as expert
 witnesses and offer 'prior art' that invalidates the
 patent, including:
 * Phil Zimmermann is the inventor of PGP (Pretty Good
 Privacy), the most widely-used email encryption software in
 the world. Zimmermann founded PGP Inc. which was later
 acquired by Network Associates Inc. "Does the lack of
 reference to obvious and well-known prior art products
 indicate an ignorance on the part of the patent applicant
 or a deliberate attempt to exclude those products from
 consideration as prior art by the Patent & Trademark
 Office? This illustrates a festering problem at the PTO
 with how patents get issued. This patent cannot be allowed
 to stand," said Zimmermann.
 * Glenn Everhart has written security-related software
 since the 1970s. In 1978, 20 years before the Maz
 application was filed, he authored a virtual encrypted disk
 system for the RSX11D from Digital Equipment Corp. He has
 placed his work into the public domain and allowed the
 source code and documentation to be distributed freely in
 Internet-based software collections. "It annoys me that
 some Johnny-come-latelies get a patent on it," said
 Everhart.
 * "Maz Technologies is holding the security industry
 hostage," said Jean-Luc Cooke, chief scientist and co-
 founder of CertainKey Inc. "Patenting a novel padlock
 design is sensible. Patenting the use of a padlock to
 protect a filing cabinet versus a garage door makes no
 sense whatsoever. There is nothing 'novel' about such a
 patent. Clearly, its purpose is not to protect innovation,
 but to stifle it for monetary gain."
 * "It's hard to imagine how the claims in this patent got
 approved," said Matt Blaze, a research scientist in
 computer security and cryptography at AT&T Labs.
 "Transparent, automatic file encryption has been widely
 known and published -- even taught to students -- for at
 least a decade. In fact, I described many of the techniques
 claimed in this patent in a published paper on the CFS
 encrypting file system back in 1993 -- five years ahead of
 the MAZ patent application."
 * Krag Brotby is a member of the Society of Competitive
 Intelligence Professionals, program director for the
 California High Tech Task Force steering committee and a
 member of the High Tech Criminal Investigators Association.
 In the 1980s, more than a decade before the Maz application
 was filed, Brotby was president of Vault Corp., which
 created FILELOK, a product that combined media
 fingerprinting technology with transparent file encryption.
 He obtained patents for the fingerprinting technologies,
 "but we chose to not apply for patents on transparent
 encryption because it was not novel then and it certainly
 is not novel now."
 * Noah Groth, president of PC Guardian,
  San Rafael, CA, has been
 developing data protection software since 1993. His
 company's Encryption Plus(r) Hard Disk is developed around
 Schneier's Blowfish algorithm. "Transparent, on-the-fly
 encryption has been around for some time," said Groth. "The
 technology is widely documented, and the documentation is
 relatively easy to obtain. All Maz Technologies has done
 with its patent is to sully the reputation of the Patent
 and Trademark Office by not bringing this documentation to
 the attention of the PTO staff." Groth said that the law
 firm for Maz Technologies also offered to PC Guardian a
 claim chart and license.
 PC Dynamics,  Westlake Village,
 CA., publishes SafeHouse and My Corkboard. The company
 offers the software programs to users via download from the
 company's Web site, to corporations via site licenses, and
 to OEMs under private labels.
 Contacts:
 Peter Avritch, mailto:pavritch 818-889-1741
Matt Blaze, mailto:mab 973-360-8352
Krag Brotby, mailto:kbrotby 310-827-6606
Jean-Luc Cooke, mailto:jlcooke 613-263-2983
Glenn Everhart, mailto:everhart 302-659-0460
Noah Groth, mailto:ngroth 415-459-0190
Bruce Schneier, mailto:schneier 408-777-3612
Phil Zimmermann, mailto:prz 650-322-7377
US Patent & Trademark Office, 800-786-9199 or 703-308-4357
Attorneys for Maz Technologies Inc.
Steven C. Sereboff, mailto:ssereboff
Richard Koppel, mailto:rkoppel
 805-373-0060
Click here for links to full text of the patent, background
 information, correspondence and other documents:

@_date: 2002-07-16 16:29:32
@_author: "Elyn Wollensky" 
@_subject: 385-3 vote: House OKs life sentences for hackers 
seems the cyber-terrorist FUD is starting to hit the fan ...
House OKs life sentences for hackers
But time may run out for computer crime bill in Senate
WASHINGTON, July 15 - The House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly
Monday to create a new punishment of life imprisonment for malicious
computer hackers. By a 385-3 vote, the House approved a computer crime bill
that also expands police ability to conduct Internet or telephone
eavesdropping without first obtaining a court order.
"Until we secure our cyber infrastructure, a few keystrokes and an
Internet connection is all one needs to disable the economy and endanger
lives," sponsor Lamar Smith, R-Tex., said earlier this year. "A mouse can be
just as dangerous as a bullet or a bomb."
