
@_date: 2002-04-30 21:50:16
@_author: check all that apply 
@_subject: Re: Cost-Effective Targeted Email - Guaranteed Results! - Discount Pricing! 
If You're Marketing a Product, Service or MLM/Opportunity You Will Definitely Be Interested In What We Have To Offer.   Start Generating As Many ORDERS and/or SIGN-UPS as You Can Handle!
 We currently have discounts on 3 advertising programs:
Targeted Email Promotion:  You'll have a fresh targeted  list extracted and compiled based on your target market.   We'll create the email ad for you.  We'll email out your ad to  the targeted list and forward you the replies via email as they  come in.  We filter all responses through our own email  accounts.  No flames, complaints or headaches.  Extremely cost-effective, targeted email advertising!
Platinum Email Promotion: We have an IN-HOUSE  List of people who have responded by email to various ads,
 such as business opportunities, business products and services,
 as well as health/nutritional products and other consumer products.
 Naturally, as these people have responded to ads in the past, this
 is a pretty responsive list!  These people have "raised there hand"
 indicating a very specific interest in your type of offer!
Mass Email Promotion: We can send out a Full-Page Email Ad
 To 1 Million Deliverable General Consumer Emails For Your  Business At Wholesale Prices!  When you work with us, here's what you get:
 - Fresh, targeted, qualified leads!
 - Free Ad Copy!
 - Free Target Market Research!
 - Free Database Setup and Maintenance
 - Free email sending, reply filtering, and reply forwarding
 - Free Referral Program!
 And...
  .... Free Unlimited Personalized Marketing Support!!  Contact Us To Discuss Increasing Your Business Cash Flow
        Submit The Following Information And You'll Receive The Full Details And Discount Pricing Shortly          Name:        Phone Number:        Best Time To Call:    MorningsAfternoonsEveningsNights                  Website URL:        Email:        Business Type:     "Yes!  Please send details and discount pricing on the following programs!" (check all that apply):
 Targeted Email Promotion
 Platinum Email Promotion
 Mass Email Promotion
Call For Details and Discount Pricing
Toll Free:  1-866-853-8319  ext. 1
(24 Hours)
Or, Send Email To:
==>  LeadGeneration5  <==  Start Generating As Many ORDERS and/or SIGN-UPS as You Can Handle!
To unsubscribe Click Here
