
@_date: 2007-05-04 18:18:53
@_author: "Eric Cordian" 
@_subject: Re: [gsc] e-gold indictment unsealed 
The basic question here seems to be whether electronic interchange
of depository receipts for a commodity is a "money transmittal
business."  Money being legitimate currency of some government, or
instruments representing said currency.
The government has a long history, particularly where the IRS is
concerned, of ruling that what something actually is, is not
necessarily what it is called.
I suspect what will come out of this case, is a court ruling that
says that "money" is anything you can use to buy stuff with,
regardless of its actual implementation, or whether it is
denominated in an actual currency.
This will extend the "know your customer" BS to a plethora of other
businesses, and subject them to the same onerous regulatory climate
banks now experience.
This will be the death of e-cash.
 --
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2007-06-06 22:04:23
@_author: "Eric Cordian" 
@_subject: Re: [gsc] Loom overview and tutorial 
Where do I get 100 Usage Tokens to create a folder and try this loom thing?
It's an interesting approach, doing away with any authentication
requirements, and just hiding stuff in a virtually infinite grid.  The loom
itself is a single point of failure, but the provider of the loom service
need have no knowlege of who is using it, or for what.  Hide the thing
behind a bunch of Onion Routers, and it might actually last long enough to
be useful, unlike e-gold and the many other such schemes that have bitten
the dust over the years.

@_date: 2007-06-26 19:20:15
@_author: "Eric Cordian" 
@_subject: The REAL Requirements for a US Passport 
A friend of mine recently applied for a US Passport, having never had one
before.  On the application form it stated that the requirements for getting
a US Passport were to fill out the form, and present it in person to an
"acceptance agent" with a certified copy of ones birth certificate, and
state ID over 6 months old, and raise your hand and swear to some stuff.
That having been done, my friend was surprised to get a letter from the
Feebs a few weeks later, saying that "The Identification You Provided is Not
Sufficient for Passport Purposes" and stating that the application would be
denied unless he submitted AT LEAST 5 additional documents containing a
photo and/or signature and an issue date, "issued over a period of time", as
well as identification, and filled out a Feeb-provided form demanding
contact information for all his relatives, and contact information for all
his employers in the last ten years, as well as a list of all the schools
he's attended with dates, and all the places he's resided.
The letter also warned, "Failure to comply with this request will result in
a delay for any future requests."
They also kept his birth certificate.
Which raises the following questions.
1. Why does the Department of State fail to disclose the real documentation
requirements on the passport application?
2. Can the government refuse to issue a passport to a US citizen,
effectively making them a political prisoner, unable to travel, by demanding
unreasonable documentation, and then filing their passport application in
limbo if they refuse to provide it or it doesn't exist?
3. Is there a way to get a passport without being forced to give the
government information that is none of their business?

@_date: 2008-04-01 23:41:33
@_author: "Eric Cordian" 
@_subject: Re: announcing allmydata.org "Tahoe", the Least-Authority 
Goodness, has someone finally managed to assemble the pieces of "mnet" into
a usable contraption?  The mind boggles.
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"
