
@_date: 2001-09-21 19:45:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Re: PGP author under fire for terrorist use of crypto 
Tim Lampoons:
Is Sears crying because maybe Bin Laden owns one of their hammers?
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2001-09-16 04:35:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: 3 questions... 
The Zionist entity, which can now launch any military operation they wish
against the Palestinians, without being criticized.
Sharon has committed mass murder before, right?

@_date: 2001-09-16 02:28:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Re: SYMBOL 
Are you aware that India is going to open a 224 story 2222 foot tower
for business in 2008?
It's the Center of India Tower, in Katangi, India.  I believe it has a
webpage somewhere.

@_date: 2001-09-15 22:53:13
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Noam on WTC Collapse 
On the Bombings
                                Noam Chomsky
     The terrorist attacks were major atrocities. In scale they may not
     reach the level of many others, for example, Clinton's bombing of
     the Sudan with no credible pretext, destroying half its
     pharmaceutical supplies and killing unknown numbers of people (no
     one knows, because the US blocked an inquiry at the UN and no one
     cares to pursue it). Not to speak of much worse cases, which easily
     come to mind. But that this was a horrendous crime is not in doubt.
     The primary victims, as usual, were working people: janitors,
     secretaries, firemen, etc. It is likely to prove to be a crushing
     blow to Palestinians and other poor and oppressed people. It is
     also likely to lead to harsh security controls, with many possible
     ramifications for undermining civil liberties and internal freedom.
     The events reveal, dramatically, the foolishness of the project of
     "missile defense." As has been obvious all along, and pointed out
     repeatedly by strategic analysts, if anyone wants to cause immense
     damage in the US, including weapons of mass destruction, they are
     highly unlikely to launch a missile attack, thus guaranteeing their
     immediate destruction. There are innumerable easier ways that are
     basically unstoppable. But today's events will, very likely, be
     exploited to increase the pressure to develop these systems and put
     them into place. "Defense" is a thin cover for plans for
     militarization of space, and with good PR, even the flimsiest
     arguments will carry some weight among a frightened public.
     In short, the crime is a gift to the hard jingoist right, those who
     hope to use force to control their domains. That is even putting
     aside the likely US actions, and what they will trigger -- possibly
     more attacks like this one, or worse. The prospects ahead are even
     more ominous than they appeared to be before the latest atrocities.
     As to how to react, we have a choice. We can express justified
     horror; we can seek to understand what may have led to the crimes,
     which means making an effort to enter the minds of the likely
     perpetrators. If we choose the latter course, we can do no better,
     I think, than to listen to the words of Robert Fisk, whose direct
     knowledge and insight into affairs of the region is unmatched after
     many years of distinguished reporting. Describing "The wickedness
     and awesome cruelty of a crushed and humiliated people," he writes
     that "this is not the war of democracy versus terror that the world
     will be asked to believe in the coming days. It is also about
     American missiles smashing into Palestinian homes and US
     helicopters firing missiles into a Lebanese ambulance in 1996 and
     American shells crashing into a village called Qana and about a
     Lebanese militia  paid and uniformed by America's Israeli ally
     hacking and raping and murdering their way through refugee camps."
     And much more. Again, we have a choice: we may try to understand,
     or refuse to do so, contributing to the likelihood that much worse
     lies ahead.
     Noam Chomsky

@_date: 2001-09-15 22:50:42
@_author: Sample column 
@_subject: Sobran Column -- The Unknown Enemy 
The Unknown Enemy (Sample column)
September 11, 2001 by Joe Sobran
     It was predictable. For years I've been writing that the U.S. Government has been making more enemies than Americans really need, all over the globe, and that one of these days some of them would have a nasty surprise for us.      In fact it nearly happened a few years ago, when Islamic radicals tried to blow up the World Trade Center. But of course they made a botch of it and got caught.      This time, though, someone pulled off what must have been an extremely cunning conspiracy, a criminal feat for the ages. They managed to execute a secret plan calling for four simultaneous hijackings of airplanes. Those who committed these coordinated deeds -- in spite of all security measures -- also had the determination to die in hitting their targets.      This wasn't "terrorism." This was war. It wasn't a random attempt to scare people with an arbitrary atrocity, like the bombing of a pizza joint; it was a serious attempt to kill as many people and do as much material damage as possible at two strategic targets, the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.      But, as I write, hours after the attacks, we don't know who is at war with us. We may never know. Who has reason to hate this country? Only a few hundred million people -- Arabs, Muslims, Serbs, and numerous others whose countries have been hit by U.S. bombers.      Imagine hating a country so much that you were willing to cross an ocean and carry out an elaborate revenge against its people, killing yourself in the process. This is something far more than the sort of ideological anti-Americanism that leads student mobs to throw stones at U.S. embassies abroad; that's kid stuff. This is an obsessive, fanatical, soul-consuming hatred.      Foreigners aren't quite real to Americans, and most Americans are unaware of how profoundly their government antagonizes much of the human race. We are easy-going people who generally have no idea how bullying we seem to foreigners. Until now, we have had no experience of what the U.S. Government has so often inflicted on others. Now, at least, we have an inkling of what it feels like.      Government spokesmen have responded with their usual cant of "cowardly attacks" by "terrorists" who "hate democracy and freedom." Rubbish. A fanatic who is ready to die is the opposite of a coward, and nobody can "hate" such abstractions as "democracy and freedom" with that kind of intensity.      It's dangerous to belittle your enemy, especially when his courage and cunning have already proved as formidable as his hatred and cruelty. The first question you should ask about your enemy is why he is your enemy in the first place.      You may be deluding and flattering yourself if you assume he hates you for your virtues. But our "leaders" assure us that our enemies are unnaturally evil people who hate us only because we are so wonderful. And they manage to utter this nonsense with an air of tough-minded realism.      True realism, on the other hand, doesn't mean blaming Americans for bringing these horrifying and truly evil acts on themselves. It does mean trying to imagine alien perspectives from which our government's conduct might appear so intolerable that some people might be driven to take atrocious revenge.      "To understand all is to forgive all," says the French aphorism. Not true. But understanding all can at least teach you how to avoid making enemies, and avoiding making enemies is the best defense -- better than a $300 billion "defense" budget that didn't defend the World Trade Center.      The great director Jean Renoir was once asked why there were no villains in his films. He answered simply: "Everyone has his reasons." Your bitterest enemy may have his reasons for hating your guts. You may not think they are good or sufficient reasons, but you'd better take them into account. If he has any brains, he may find a way to hurt you.      The United States is now a global empire that wants to think of itself as a universal benefactor, and is nonplussed when foreigners don't see it that way. None of the earlier empires of this world, as far as I know, shared this delusion; the Romans, the Mongols, the British, the Russians and Soviets didn't expect to rule and to be loved at the same time. Why do we?
Read this column on-line at Copyright (c) 2001 by the Griffin Internet Syndicate,  All rights reserved.]
Those wishing to publish or post this column must subscribe as a publication and obtain a publications rate. Contact fran for rates and details.
Copyright (c) 2001 by the Griffin Internet Syndicate,  All rights reserved.

@_date: 2001-09-09 16:15:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: What Do Naked Children and Breast Cancer Have in Common? 
No sooner has Peacefire put the final nails in the coffin of BAIR, an
alleged AI application that purports to recognize porn,
than we get this entry from the land of Ireland, which claims to do
something similar.
As readers of this mailing list are aware, most pornography recognition
software can't tell the difference between group sex and an autographed
picture of Babe the Pig.
Nonetheless, this story makes some amazing claims, amongst them...
o  That the software was originally developed for breast cancer detection. o  That the software can recognize child porn through encryption codes
   and detect child porn hidden in otherwise inaccessible files. It would be amusing if this program could be tested by an objective
researcher, and the results reported.
I smell snake oil.
Dublin team cracks child porn code
Lynne Kelleher A COMPUTER program invented to detect breast cancer will now be used by
gardai to prosecute paedophiles using child pornography websites.
Two Dublin biologists developed the tracking device, which can detect
pornographic images hidden behind computer code or in otherwise
inaccessible files. The technology was first created to identify breast
cancer in tissue images.
The inventors, Dr Dara FitzGerald and Dr Donal O'Shea, were first asked by
gardai for help in tracing pornographic images on computers. British
police and America's Federal Bureau of Investigation have examined the
system and are planning to use it in their child sex abuse units.
PixAlert Enforcer, launched last June, finds online pornography by
searching for human skin in computer images. After police impound a
suspect's computer, they run the program and it searches all the files in
a few hours, a task that once took several days.
While this program will cost police forces IR£7,500, two cheaper versions
are also available for the commercial market. PixAlert Auditor, costing
£125 per computer, is being targeted at the corporate sector, government
departments, schools and libraries. PixAlert Monitor, priced at £60, is
for discreet monitoring of home PCs by parents.
"We worked on breast cancer, BSE and tuberculosis," said FitzGerald. "It
was a very big and very expensive undertaking. People also come to us all
the time looking for solutions to their problems and the gardai were
looking for a computer program to access these images.
"We used the high-tech knowledge used in the diagnosis of breast cancer
for this program. Gardai told us there were so many images and files to
search for child pornography, and it was a very onerous job."
Employers are also becoming more concerned about workers downloading
pornographic images on their computers, FitzGerald said. "We think the
application will work in the workplace. Pornography on computers in
becoming a big problem for employers," he said.
A garda spokesman confirmed that the force is using the device with a view
to purchasing it. "We are very happy with the product," he said. Gardai
have been testing the system for nine months and have been working closely
with the two scientists, making improvements to the program.
British police have been testing PixAlert Enforcer for the past month. The
inventors have consulted 29 police departments across Britain. Tony
Gibbons, a director of BioObservation Systems, met the FBI last April.
Muireann O Briain, director of End Child Prostitution in Asian Tourism,
said she hoped police worldwide would be able to use this system to find
images otherwise impossible to trace on a computer.
"Paedophiles can put all sorts of encryption codes on their computer or
use other means to try and hide the images," said O Briain, a Dubliner who
is based in Thailand. "This is a great development. We still don't know
the full extent of the abuse of children whose pictures are on the net.
"An English police operation against paedophiles known as the Wonderland
Club came across these problems. To become a member of this club you had
to have at least 10,000 images. Every one of them showed a child in a
pornographic pose. More than 750,000 pornographic images were seized in
that first raid on more than 100 homes worldwide in September 1998. One of
the seven men who committed suicide had such sophisticated encryption
codes on his computer that police would never have been able to access the

@_date: 2001-09-13 21:36:14
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: "Ending States That Support Terrorism" 
Anyone have the list of countries that Bush is planning on scheduling for
I would imagine Afganistan and Iraq are the first two.  Will he toss in
Syria, Sudan, and Libya as well?
It looks like the game that is being played here, is that all countries
are being given an opportunity to pledge unconditional support and
cooperation for Bush's "War" against those rendering aid to terrorism, now
declared to be the primary focus of his administration, and whoever
declines will constitute the enemy.
Pakistan has even climbed aboard, in the hopes that we won't drop any
bombs on them on our way to Afganistan.  Of course, they must prove their
loyalty by cutting off Afganistan's oil and gas, and permitting us to base
our troops there.
Isn't playing these sorts of games with Saudi Arabia, the location of
Islam's most sacred sites, the reason Osama bin Laden is mad at the US to
begin with?
Is this how Hitler started?
While all of this is transpiring, a smirking Ariel Sharon, the war
criminal elected by acclaimation, will be taking more of the Palestinians'
So when's the Congress going to outlaw encryption?  I assume we'll all be
expected to make such small sacrifices for the larger good. We're all supposed to fly American flags for the next 30 days to show our
support for all of this.  I wonder if they'll be taking names.

@_date: 2001-09-17 01:59:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
Recall that gas mask possession, sale, and transportation was criminalized
in the city of Seattle during the "state of emergency" declared for the
WTO festivities.
This was during the time you couldn't open the window without pepper spray
wafting in.
Homework Exercise:  Could someone list all the "executive orders" signed
by various Presidents that are now in effect because Bush declared a
"National Emergency", along with what unconstitutional power they confer
and to whom?

@_date: 2001-09-18 07:24:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: SI - The End of Nations, Part 1 
This "War" is being sold to the American public with all the hype of a
Professional Wrestling storyline.  Believe nothing uttered by the Four
Network AnchorWhores.
I just switched to CBS, and there was Dan Rather crying on "Late Night"
with Letterman holding his hand, as he explained to the public that we
could expect a 5-10 year campaign to rid the world of evil, and we had to
make sure this generation wasn't too "spoiled" to stay on board for the
whole performance.
He also tossed in a few comments about how we should have gotten rid of
Saddam Hussein when we had the chance, and meddled in various other things
that were none of our business.
Funny, I don't notice Dan Rather crying about the Iraqi kids who can't get
their cancer medicine because of sanctions, or the fact that the Zionist
Entity is presently shelling Palestinian Kindergartens and shooting
unarmed mentally handicapped people.
Washington DC, New York, and Tel Aviv all need thermonuclear disinfecting.

@_date: 2001-09-19 20:08:47
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Mandatory ID Cards 
MSNBC is reporting that Congress is thinking of requiring all citizens and
non-citizens in the United States to carry ID cards.
It looks like the anti-privacy folks are going to do an end-run around the
encryption issue, and first attack anonymity.  An interesting strategy,
and one which we should not let go unchallenged.

@_date: 2001-09-20 06:48:13
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Ashcroft's Plans to Shred the Constitution 
I have no idea where this is in the bill.  I go it from the following
article which materialized on AP earlier today...
Increased Police Powers Are Broad
By JESSE J. HOLLAND
Associated Press Writer
September 19, 2001, 8:44 PM EDT
The administration also wants to let the FBI and other police agencies
seize billing information like credit card numbers from Internet companies
without a court order, according to a Justice Department analysis of the
anti-terrorism legislative package it plans to submit Friday.
"In many cases, users register with Internet service providers using false
names, making the form of payment critical to determining the user's true
identity," said the analysis, which was provided in
advance Wednesday to senators.
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2001-09-20 02:31:37
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Ashcroft's Plans to Shred the Constitution 
While Bill Maher loses his advertisers for suggesting that lobbing cruise
missiles from 2,000 miles away is more cowardly than personally flying an
aircraft into a building, we now have a first look at the "features"
present in the anti-Terrorism bill, to be submitted to Congress on Friday.
According to AP, the bill permits prosecutors to use evidence collected by
foreign governments, even if that evidence was collected in ways
unconstitutional in the United States.
It will also permit law enforcement to seize billing records of ISPs
without a court order, so that they may be grepped through to identify
anyone who uses the service with an assumed name.
The definition of "terrorist" will be augmented to include any person who
supports in any way any organization they know or should know is a
terrorist organization.
Criminalize the possession of chemicals that could be used in chemical or
biological weapons in quantities the Feebs consider suspicious.
Criminalize giving "expert advise" to "terrorists."
Permit the seizing of the property of any person, organization, or
country, that attacks the United States.
Permit access to education records by law enforcement, without the
permission of the student or their parents.
Permit terrorist DNA fingerprinting, and remove the $2 million cap on
rewards for fighting terrorism.
The gauntlet has been thrown down.  How long before the estates of
"terrorists" Bill Maher and Tim May are seized at gunpoint for the Greater
Good of the Reich?

@_date: 2001-09-24 23:33:35
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Internment Camps for Political Dissidents 
I wonder how many people on this list would qualify as "sympathetic to
terrorist causes," a very vague phrase which could mean almost anything.
From By MARC HUMBERT
Associated Press Writer
September 24, 2001
ALBANY, N.Y. -- One third of New Yorkers favor establishing internment
camps for "individuals who authorities identify as being sympathetic
to terrorist causes," according to a poll from the Siena College
Research Institute.

@_date: 2001-09-27 20:04:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Are Plea Agreements Always Accurate 
I did.  The plea agreement is essentially verbatim what the prosecution was saying
in its press releases when Mr. West was disputing the prosecution's
I fail to see why Mr. West being coerced into signing this government
editorial renders moot his extremely cogent prior arguments as to why it
was bullshit.
As an example...
[WEST penetrated a security hole in the website of the Poteau Daily News
 and Sun, employed a user ID and password, and downloaded computer files
 of value."]
The word "and" does not imply that any of these things was enabled by any
of the others.  Particularly it does not imply that Mr. West used the user
ID and password to gain access to and to download files not otherwise
It merely states that he downloaded some files, AND noticed a security
hole, AND tried a userid and password he had found.
Indeed, merely browsing the site would have "downloaded" files according
to the letter of the law.
Such deceptive weasel-wording and juxtiposition of facts having no cause
and effect relationship is typical of plea agreements.
I wish it wasn't also typical of most news reporting.

@_date: 2001-09-27 17:42:24
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Are Plea Agreements Always Accurate 
[Yes, this is a duplicate.  I screwed up my From: line on the prior one]
According to an article by Declan in this morning's Wired News, Brian K.
West has decided to take a plea agreement in the government's case against
him for accessing an inadvertantly left wide open web site at a newspaper.
The plea agreement alleges, amongst other things, that Mr. West intended
to modify the newspaper's Perl scripts and market them commercially, as
well as using a password file to access "private areas."
As I remember the original story, Mr. West snarfed a local copy of the
site to edit with Microsoft's FrontPage, to see what some modifications to
it might look like, and in doing so, discovered that the copy of the site
on the newspaper's server could be accessed and modified by anyone without
need of a password, with complete access to all its scripts and other
In the collection of files presented to the public was something that
looked like a password file, and Mr. West tried one entry from it to see
if access was granted, much like trying a key one finds on the ground in a
nearby lock to see if it fits.
Mr. West then informed the newspaper, which instead of simply fixing the
misconfiguration, called the authorities, who then visited Mr. West under
false pretenses, and attempted to get him to incriminate himself, and
subsequently raided the premises and seized his computer.
The newspaper, which had noticed the log entry from the password being
tested, decided the whole thing was an attempt to steal their extremely
precious Perl scripts, and market them to the public.
The prosecutors, as prosecutors tend to do, managed to lie by
juxtiposition by stating the fact of access using a password, a count of
files transferred to Mr. West's machine, and the newspaper's allegations
of software theft, in a way which suggested that Mr. West had "hacked" his
way into the site using a stolen password, and used that access to steal
hundreds of files, with the intent of making a profit from marketing the
newspaper's stolen intellectual property.
In fact, testing one of the passwords was incidental to the file transfer,
the files were obtained because the site was wide open, not because a
password was used, and the allegations that Mr. West intended to become
the next Larry Ellison by stealing some Perl scripts a product of the
newspaper's paranoid imagination.
Now I find it unremarkable that Mr. West has chosen to take a plea
agreement in this case, on a misdemeanor charge, instead of standing trial
in the aftermath of the World Trade Center flattening as an Evil Terrorist
Hacker, where the government's proof of nothing more than "unauthorized
access" could send him to prison for many years.
I also find it unremarkable that the plea agreement offered Mr. West to
sign contains a complete laundry list of both the newspaper's and the
prosecutor's twisting of the facts, and numerous confessions of "intent."
What I find remarkable, is that Declan has written an article claiming
that the plea agreement constitutes a "confession" by Mr. West, and that
it demonstrates how easily "well-meaning" Netizens can be lead astray by a
person who's really a dangerous criminal.
Declan also has glowing words for the prosecutor, who he characterizes as
unfairly maligned, and for the plea agreement, whose every word he
characterizes as "fact."
One wonders if Declan also considers everything in the Jim Bell and Carl
Johnson plea agreements to constitute "fact" as well."
The slant of Declan's article is also not helped by the fact that all the
links provided by Wired as "also see" are about an exploit in Microsoft's
Web server software having nothing to do with this case.
Wired News and MSNBC continue to run neck in neck in the Birdcage Liner

@_date: 2001-09-29 02:51:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
I don't know.  I've yet to meet a mold that didn't die when you poured hot
bleach solution on it, particularly if you add a good wetting agent like
Sealers and paints have potent fungicides and mildewcides in them, and for
tough cases, you can use 3-part epoxy systems designed for biological
laboratories that no microorganisms can live on.
You can skim coat floors and walls before finishing, and screen them down,
and all cracks around millwork can be sealed with flexible latex caulk,
which also contains mildewcides and fungicides.
Yes, you may not get mold in wall interiors and structural members, but I
think that you can keep it out of the rooms people inhabit.  Particularly
if you treat the ventilation system at the same time.
There was some government building that was in the news a few years back,
because they had delayed finishing the daycare center, and there was some
noxious black mold on the unpainted sheetrock.
The contractor wanted to wipe the walls down with bleach and paint them,
and various tree-huggers were demanding the whole thing be torn down,
reframed, and redrywalled.
In any case, I think claims of "Attack of the Killer Mold" are vastly
Most people with mold-related health problems live in damp slums with
clumps of it growing on their walls.

@_date: 2001-09-29 00:21:06
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
Caulk all cracks and crevasses.  Wash surfaces with 1 part bleach to 6
parts water.  Generously apply premium stain-blocking sealer, and topcoat.
Less expensive than your typical Congressional investigation.

@_date: 2001-10-12 17:18:45
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax #4 reported in NYC, NBC employee 
We've never done mass anthrax testing before.  There is no control group.
We don't know the environmental incidence of the spores, which like
tetanus and botulism are ubiquitous.
Bush needs a justification to use his spiffy new B61-11s in the great and
noble Crusade against World Evil, Starring George W. Bush.
Draw your own conclusions as to the accuracy of the tiny number of
purported anthrax cases now sucking up 90% of the news coverage.

@_date: 2001-10-11 22:38:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Giuliani Takes $10 Million From WTC Victims to Ass-Kiss Israel 
Rudy snatches a $10 million donation away from the windowed, orphaned,
maimed, and crippled WTC victims, because the donor dared to criticize the
Oh-So-Most-Holy-State of Israel, and Amerikan foreign policy.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani on Thursday rejected
a Saudi prince's $10 million donation for victims of the World Trade
Center after the prince criticized U.S. policy in the Middle East.
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal toured the site of the Sept. 11 destruction with
the mayor, offered to donate $10 million and said, ``The government of the
United States of America should re-examine its policies in the Middle East
and adopt a more balanced stance toward the Palestinian cause.''

@_date: 2001-10-08 22:03:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Limbaugh: 'I'm Going Deaf' 
If only his mouth had stopped working, instead of his ears.

@_date: 2001-10-04 04:30:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Stupid Congress Tricks: anti-terror bills target cash 
So I can now be arrested for carrying a concealed assault wallet?
Does "monetary instruments" include travelers checks while you're on
Oh, when will the silliness end.

@_date: 2001-10-04 22:38:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: American Death Squads 
Barry McCaffrey, former Drug Czar, making an approved leak on how the US
plans to deal with sub-national groups, their friends, and their
It's not nice to taunt Happy-Fun-Superpower.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Retired Army Gen. Barry McCaffrey, who was drug czar
during President Clinton's second term, said in an online exchange last
month that those against the United States in its war on terrorism would
"be killed suddenly, in significant numbers and without warning."
"We are going to disrupt these people through preemptive attack ... we
will deceive them, we will run psyops on them, at selected points and
times they will be killed suddenly, in significant numbers, and without
"Tomahawk missiles, 2000 pound laser guided weapons dropped from B2's or
F22's at very high altitude, remote control, booby traps, blackmail and at
places, small groups of soldiers or SEALs will appear in total darkness,
blow down the doors and kill them at close range with automatic weapons
and hand grenades"
A U.S. military official who was shown McCaffrey's comments said they were
the "insights of a very smart guy."
Another official said they do not contain any national secrets, but they
do accurately reflect the strategy the United States has adopted.
In the words of this official: "It's the plan."

@_date: 2001-10-06 07:17:54
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax...coincidence? 
Tim forwards:
Prior to the current concern about biological warefare, tissue samples
were not routinely tested for anthrax, so doubtless there were cases of
fatal respiratory illness due to anthrax that flew under the CDC radar.
Now all suspicious respiratory illnesses are being analyzed by the CDC, so
we could just be catching cases that might have been missed before the
period of heightened awareness.
While two cases in Florida are an odd coincidence, I will wait for a few
more before drawing any conclusions that people were deliberately
You can inhale anthrax spores from handling animal hides or fur,
particularly imports.  Anthrax is present globally, so two cases in
Florida are hardly evidence of a deliberate biological attack.
Let's not all rush to our sealed rooms yet.

@_date: 2001-10-07 04:32:53
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: 11 YO Suspended for Alleged WTC Smiling 
Better not express a dissenting point of view when the government school
orders you to sit in your cubicle and write the state-mandated "Peace
A Jefferson County fifth-grader served a three-day suspension this week
for drawing the World Trade Center attack on notebook paper and grinning
while showing it off.
Paul Volz, 11, last week drew the skyscrapers side by side with smoke and
fire pouring from the left tower. He said he taped the drawing to the
outside of his study cubicle at the North Jefferson Intermediate School.
In a discipline notice sent to Paul's parents, school Principal Jeff Boyer
indicated the boy had made "disruptive physical conduct or speech" and
"communication of a threatening nature."

@_date: 2001-10-09 21:52:56
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax Case Number Three 
The Jennifer Lopez love letter with the "white soapy substance" has also
been exonerated.
This is beginning to look more and more like a natural occurrence.  Perhaps they were sorting goat hides in the mailroom. :/

@_date: 2001-10-09 18:25:56
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Anthrax Case Number Three 
The New York Post is reporting that a female librarian at American Media
has pneumonia, and has tested positive for anthrax.
There's still no evidence, according to the FBI, that this anthrax
outbreak was the result of criminal activity.
Legionaire's Disease first appeared to be a terror weapon when significant
numbers of cases appeared at a convention center.  Later we learned that
it was simply a virulent form of pneumonia that liked to live in standing
water in building air conditioning systems.
Time will tell whether this anthrax outbreak is something similar.  Clearly the timing is suspicious.
One would think that a competent biological warfare attack against an
office building with 300 people in it would kill more than one person.

@_date: 2001-10-09 17:23:04
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Anthrax Case Number Three 
The New York Post is reporting that a female librarian at American Media
has pneumonia, and has tested positive for anthrax.
There's still no evidence, according to the FBI, that this anthrax
outbreak was the result of criminal activity.
Legionaire's Disease first appeared to be a terror weapon when significant
numbers of cases appeared at a convention center.  Later we learned that
it was simply a virulent form of pneumonia that liked to live in standing
water in building air conditioning systems.
Time will tell whether this anthrax outbreak is something similar.  Clearly the timing is suspicious.
One would think that a competent biological warfare attack against an
office building with 300 people in it would kill more than one person.

@_date: 2001-10-11 22:50:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: FBI: More Attacks Soon 
We should all remember that Chicken Little's belief that the sky was
falling was a delusion having as its origin an acorn falling on Chicken
Little's head.
Do you think Mueller looks more like Cockey-Lockey or Ducky-Lucky?

@_date: 2001-10-13 19:50:59
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: bush wheels out the nukes 
Someone probably typed "Bunker Buster" into a search engine, and got
a lot of hits on the B61-11.
In April, the media reported that the US was considering development of a
new small tactical nuke specifically tailored for use against "rogue
dictators" hiding in underground bunkers or heavily fortified command
centers, in violation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the
Comprehensive Test Ban treaty.
These would be used for, in the words of the director of Sandia,
"deterrence in the non-Russian world."
Since such research is currently illegal, Congress has tacked something
onto the 2001 Defense Authorization Bill mandating a study by DOE and DOD
into small-scale nuclear weapons use against dictators hiding in "hard and
deepy buried targets."
George W. Bush, John Warner, and Wayne Allard, are the culprits here.

@_date: 2001-10-13 18:35:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: bush wheels out the nukes 
Yes and no.  Rumsfeld won't rule out the use of tactical nukes.
Both conventional and nuclear "Bunker Busters" are available, and the
B61-11 is specifically designed for his purpose, and widely deployed
thoughout NATO.  We even have a bunch of them in Turkey just in case
Saddam gets uppity.
The defense department has suggested the possible use of tactical nuke
Bunker Busters both in the Gulf War and in this current conflict.  In the
last war, Yeltsin wasn't on board, and in this war, Putin is.
The junior Bush is very fond of small tactical nukes, and I firmly believe
that if Osama bin Laden was in a very deep cave, and the American public
was distracted by an engaging performance of Anthrax Theatre, that he
might use a single such weapon to vaporize Osama to a big round of
Is this likely?  No.  But neither is it impossible.  Bush thinks he is
on the side of God fighting Evil.  All bets are off.
So far, the Bunker Busters have been conventional.  Tommorow, who knows?

@_date: 2001-10-13 03:53:16
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Is Bush Nuking Afghanistan Now? 
says in part:
"The GBU-28 is a 5,000-pound laser-guided conventional munition..."
Later in the spec sheet, it cites the size of the bomb as 4,414 lbs.  Perhaps the 5,000 lbs was a rough estimate.  Perhaps the spec sheet is in
Current news stories are referring to it as the <5,000-pound GBU-28
"bunker buster" bomb>.
The B61-11 tactical nuke was a replacement for the B53, an 8,900 lb 9
megaton warhead, which could only be delivered by a B52.  I apparently
confused this with the B61-11 being an alternative to the GBU-28, which
can, as you point out, be delivered by a variety of aircraft.

@_date: 2001-10-12 17:08:43
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Is Bush Nuking Afghanistan Now? 
Yes, one would think that would be the case.
The B61-11 weighs 1200 lbs and can be delivered by the B-2 bomber and even
by an F-16.
Conventional bunker busters weight 5,000 lbs, and have to be delivered by
structurally modified B-52s.
What is worrysome here is that Bush is a big fan of the B61-11, which is
widely deployed throughout NATO, and the defense department recommended at
the beginning of this conflict that the B61-11 be used.
Anthrax Theatre has opened to rave reviews nationwide, and the Defense
Department considers nuclear retaliation appropriate for any WMD activity.
The US threatened to use nukes in Iraq, but backed down after Yeltsin
grumbled.  Putin is not grumbling over Bush's WarOnTerrorism(tm).
All of this makes the use of nukes in this conflict much more likely.
Here's an interesting article on Bush and the B61-11 which predates the
WTC downing.
It's a Bomb!
Bush's Baby Nuke
by Alistair Millar
On October 2, 1992, President George Bush signed into law a moratorium on
nuclear testing. Now his son is preparing to end that moratorium.
The current Bush Administration is studying options for the development
and production of a small, low-yield nuclear weapon called an
earth-penetrator or bunker-buster, which would burrow into the ground and
destroy a deeply buried hideaway of a "rogue" leader like Saddam Hussein.

@_date: 2001-10-12 04:45:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Is Bush Nuking Afghanistan Now? 
Yes, I noticed this as well.  I wonder how many euphemisms we will now
hear for the word "nuclear" until the American public is informed after
the fact how wonderfully the weapons have worked.
Such games require quite a bit of collusion on the part of our supposedly
free and independent press.  One wonders what would happen to the press
credentials of a reporter who said - "Scuse me, Ari.  Are those the
nuclear bunker busters we're talking about?"
I don't know if it's related, but there were reports earlier today that
people were reporting seeing bright flashes of light and fireballs in the
direction of Afghanistan.

@_date: 2001-10-17 18:21:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems 
This is because the courts have created for themselves from whole cloth
the power to "interpret" the Constitution, as opposed to simply enforcing
its letter.  Once you allow the courts to do this, you have created a
third branch of government, more powerful than the other two.
Clearly, if the Constitution says one thing, and the Supreme Court says
something entirely different, one should follow the Constitution.
Most of the country, in the current political climate, would follow the
Supreme Court.  This makes the Constitution very weak.  In fact, I would
imagine that dispensing with the pretense of the Constitution altogether
today would engender no more protest from the Sheeple than going off the
gold standard did.  There might be a few irate editorials, but no one
would take up arms, particularly with the government doing its best to
suggest that people who call themselves "Patriots" and know the
Constitution too well are extremist whackos.
It isn't.  But in the classic words of Bill Gates to Steve Jobs about the
Mac being technically superior to Windows, "You don't get it.  It doesn't
The First Amendment already lies on the ashheap of history, thanks to the
Dworks and the doctrine that the Constitution is unimportant if "it saves
just one (metaphorical) child."
First Amendment rot began with Miller, and continued with Ferber, and
Knox, and Amateur Action.  There is now very little left of the First
Amendment that is not tiny fungus-coated balls en route through the
digestive tract of worms.
Mitch needs to go back to the Maharishi for a tuneup.
Stay tuned for the next exciting episode of "Spore Wars."

@_date: 2001-10-18 18:27:48
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Who represents the detained? Nobody.. 
An Anonymous Coward Spews:
The test of a cop acting professionally is not whether he treats
well-scrubbed polite little suckups like yourself decently.

@_date: 2001-10-20 00:11:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Criticize Israel - Get Fired 
This isn't about fondness for Arabs, nor about discriminating against
people because of their choice of religion.
It's about behavior.  Israel's destruction has been earned many times over
by Israel's behavior.
There are no civilians in Israel.  Not even the babies.

@_date: 2001-10-19 21:45:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Criticize Israel - Get Fired 
Gore Vidal once observed that thanks to the pressure applied by the Israel
Lobby in the US, there is less freedom to criticize Israel in the US than
there is to criticize Israel in Israel.
There is no greater crime in the US right now than to hint that Israel's
52 years of state terror against the Palestinians, made possible by the
United States, might have had something to do with the WTC downing and the
Pentagon denting.
Any such suggestion is instantly denounced as "Blaming the Jews for the
terrorist attacks," even if no language resembling this new favorite catch
phrase of the Zionists was uttered.
Tel Aviv needs a thermonuclear enema.
A case in point.
ONEIDA, N.Y. (AP) -- The Oneida Daily Dispatch, after getting complaints
of anti-Semitism, retracted an editorial that quoted a Pakistani as saying
Jews were to blame for the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
The retraction was published Thursday on the editorial page, below a
masthead that no longer contained the name of Managing Editor Jean Ryan.
The Post-Standard of Syracuse reported that Ryan and City Editor Dale
Seth, who wrote the Sept. 19 editorial, were fired Wednesday. Dispatch
Publisher Ann Campanie would not confirm the report Friday, saying it is
the paper's policy not to publicly discuss personnel matters.
"I am not working at the Oneida Daily Dispatch as of yesterday because of
repercussions from allowing the Sept. 19 editorial to be published. I am
not anti-Semitic, and anyone who knows me knows that," Ryan wrote in a
statement issued Thursday. A message left Friday for the only Jean Ryan
listed in the phone book was not immediately returned. Seth declined
The paper's three-paragraph apology said, in part, "We understand that
readers of the editorial found it offensive, poorly reasoned and based on
flawed facts. We agree with those observations."
The newspaper said it would allow a full rebuttal to be published on the
editorial page in coming days.
The Sept. 19 editorial quoted an unidentified Pakistani as blaming Jews
for the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
"The fact is that in many areas of the Middle East it is believed that
history has taught them to carry out such acts," the editorial said.
"Until 1948, there was no Israel. The United Nations took Palestinian land
and gave it to a number of Jewish terrorists to rule -- Jewish terrorists
who had bombed and killed Palestinians and others in an effort to force
hands of power to see an Israel formed. Today's freedom fighter, in many
cases, was yesterday's terrorist."
Campanie said the apology spoke for itself, and declined further comment.
Community members met with Campanie and a representative of the paper's
parent company, Journal Register Co., on Wednesday afternoon.

@_date: 2001-10-22 21:52:52
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Additional Anthrax Deaths Suspected 
The vaccine has not been proven safe and effective, nor released for use
in the general population.  The military has to take it because they are
ordered to.
I believe it was mentioned that the anthrax currently being mailed is the
"Ames" strain, first discovered in Ames, Iowa, and of interest to
researchers because the vaccine is spectacularly ineffective against it.
It does, however, respond to antibiotics, providing you are diagnosed
before it is too late.
Diseases caused by bacilli are generally nasty.  Leprosy and TB being the
two other well-known examples.

@_date: 2001-10-22 19:14:29
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Additional Anthrax Deaths Suspected 
Yes, this is very worrisome.  I've been waiting for the day when we have
less anthrax cases than the day before, and apparently we've not seen the
peak yet.
The guy in Florida is supposedly doing well, despite surgery to insert
various breathing tubes a while back.
Congress has now decided not to repopen for business on Tuesday.
These anthraxed buildings may be a writeoff.  I doubt people will
volunteer to go back into them, even after happy-fun-decontamination.
American Media is selling and relocating.
I wonder how many suspicious pulmonary deaths have flown under the radar
to date, because they weren't correctly diagnosed.
More bad news will probably follow in the weeks to come.

@_date: 2001-10-22 23:16:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Conman, quantum entaglement and no cat 
Anonymous forwarded:
How gullible can people be?  The only magical art Copperfield has mastered
is the building of overengineered stage props.
Randi would blow this away in 10 seconds.  Better they had buried
Copperfield's box in a Faraday Cage under 10 feet of wet cement, and had
the armed guards watch that.

@_date: 2001-10-28 19:28:17
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Gloat on the Phone - Go to Jail 
Here's an intersting Reuters blurb on arrests made because people failed
to grieve properly on their phone lines.
It doesn't say how many of these intercepts were with warrants, how many
were secret court/national security intercepts, how many were illegal, and
how many were routed offshore to be sniffed by our allies.
Interesting times.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -- Among almost 1,000 people being held in the United
States in connection with the hijacked-airliner attacks on the World Trade
Center and the Pentagon are people who made congratulatory telephone calls
minutes later, The New York Times reported in Sunday editions.
Although transcripts of the phone calls have not been made available, the
Times reports that officials have said some of the calls were
"congratulatory, even gloating."
These suspected associates of Saudi-born militant Osama bin Laden's al
Qaeda organization are among 977 people held on various charges related to
the September 11 attacks, which killed almost 5,000 people in New York,
Washington and Pennsylvania.
The paper said it had been unable to determine whether those who made the
jubilant calls were participants in the hijack plot or merely rejoicing
over the attacks.
FBI agents intercepted telephone calls, moved in and made arrests, holding
the bulk of those arrested on immigration or criminal violations and a
smaller group on material witness warrants, the newspaper reported.
Their identities and those of most of the people being held have not been
released by the Justice Department.
The newspaper said officials would not say how many people were detained
through the telephone intercepts, nor would they discuss evidence that any
of them proved to be members of the group organized by bin Laden,
Washington's prime suspect in the attacks.

@_date: 2001-11-29 23:52:45
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re:  R.I.P. Cypherpunks 
Years ago, John Gilmore pre-emptively tried to kill the Cypherunks list by
first attempting to censor it, and then giving everyone very short notice
that he would cease carrying the list at Toad.
When the list became even more popular, and distributed, John Gilmore kept
his node running, despite the fact it wasn't connected to any of the other
nodes, propagated huge amounts of spam, and wasn't officially part of the
new system.
Now that years have gone by since John Gilmore has made any meaningful
contribution to the Cypherpunks list, he sends out an "official"
announcement that Toad, which should have stopped carrying Cypherpunks a
long time ago, and isn't really even a legitimate node in the new scheme
of distribution, will now cease carrying Cypherpunks traffic.
This is spun by a clueless ReportWhore into a story that a "Founder" of
Cypherpunks has officially announced its demise.
Vulis had a nickname for Gilmore.  It began with a "C."

@_date: 2001-11-28 06:43:29
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Tempest for Eliza 
Choate Links:
An amusing link, which tells how to display stuff on your monitor, which
can be received as music on a shortwave radio at numerous channel
locations, using the radiated EM.
Reminds me of my salad days when we used to set a Transistor Radio on top
of an early model PDP and feed in a paper tape that played the William
Tell Overature.

@_date: 2001-11-22 07:31:26
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Weizmann Institute Amazes World Again 
As I recall, Adleman's DNA actually chugged away in a test tube computing
Hamiltonian Paths.
I look forward to news of Shapiro's DNA doing something similarly useful.
My favorite Weizmann Institute press release was the one about their
amazing discovery that electrons in a double slit experiment do not
produce an interference pattern when you observe which slit they go
through. (E. Buks et al., Nature, 26 Feb. 1998.)
Vulis lampooned this in a very funny spoof, in which the "Weizmann
Institute" announced the "amazing result" of a similar experiment with

@_date: 2001-11-17 07:27:12
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Devicet 
Why?  Neither U-235 nor Pu-239 is particularly radioactive.  Vitrified
plutonium disks have been used as poker chips by workers in fuel
fabrication facilities.  Most of these materials are only dangerous when
ingested, radiating your tissues with alpha particles directly. They also
have very low rates of spontaneous fission, so neutrons aren't generally a
big deal.
As long as you stay clear of criticality, you aren't going to get radiated
at all.
My bullshit detector is starting to go off.
Well, that depends on your moderator, doesn't it?  The "bare sphere"
critical mass of U-235 is over 50 kilograms, if you don't mix it with a
moderator, or surround it with a neutron reflector.  Fast neutron fission
cross-sections aren't particularly large.  Plutonium is somewhat better,
but you'll need at least 11 kilograms, even with a nice tamper to bounce
the neutrons back.
A sub-critical mass won't do squat.  A criticality accident will kill you,
and require a hazmat crew to clean up your lab, but it won't blow anything
up.  Generally, what you make critical will just melt and splatter into a
non-critical shape, if no effort is made to confine it.
This is silly.  Nuclear weapons can be made to work by compressing a solid
sphere to double density with explosives, or by removing an "apple core"
third of a supercritical sphere, and shooting it back in with a gun.  The
hollow sphere myth remains pervasive because scientists had the idea of
imploding a hollow sphere with explosives when the Manhattan project
begun, and because the government has been less than forthcoming with what
methods actually turned out to work.
While a generous hollow sphere with a small void might work, something
made by beating nuclear material into a salad bowl certainly wouldn't,
even if you managed to time the explosives perfectly.
I suggest you look uranium up in your materials handbook before you start
whacking it into your salad bowl.  Pure uranium is only slightly softer
than steel, and with a little molybdenum added, is harder than the finest
tool steel.  Malleable means the material doesn't break when you work
it.  It is not a measure of how much force is required to work it.  Gold
is soft.  Uranium isn't.
Did Jack Lemmon write this laughable tract back during his "China
Syndrome" days?
I think you need to look up "velocity of detonation" as it pertains to gun
Uh huh.
U-235 radiation?  This person would flunk even the elementary school
course in nuclear engineering.  Clad unirradiated nuclear fuel can be
safely handled without protective clothing, and isn't particularly
Well, anyone with a few minor mechanical engineering clues, a calculator,
and the ability to calculate fission cross-sections.
Dying isn't required, unless you stand near the bomb when it goes off.

@_date: 2001-11-14 18:09:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Recognized Name in Data Security 
Here's an exerpt from a little story in Wired News this morning about
secure data centers.
I don't know about you, but having my data guarded by "Osama Arafat" would
make me feel all safe, warm, and cozy.
   Q9, a data center in Toronto, uses both proximity cards and
   fingerprint scanners to access the computer room, which is entered
   through a bullet-proof revolving door that allows only one person
   through at a time.
   "The whole idea is that someone can't force another person to let them
   in," said Q9 CEO Osama Arafat. "It's just part of the due diligence
   that people demand."

@_date: 2001-11-03 06:06:11
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: American Schools Need Flattening Too 
Students in AmeriKKKan government-run schools have never had much freedom
of speech, since the courts have ruled that all administrators have to do
is mumble something about the "disruption" of the (laugh) "educational
process" and civil rights conveniently evaporate.
Still, there's something annoying when a high school student isn't allowed
to publicly question the War in Afghanistan.  Contrast this with the
Vietnam War, before the police state had been racheted up to its current
degree of tightness.
Asscruft now wants life sentences for anyone yelling "Anthrax" in a public
place, or sprinkling talcum powder on their friends.  "Zero Tolerance"
moves from the classroom to the rest of society.
In other news, we have received credible information from several usually
reliable sources that some unspecified person or group might commit an
unspecified terrorist act against an unspecified target in the near but
unspecified future.  We urge everyone to be on their highest alert, and
ignore anything that sounds like screaming children being cluster bombed.
CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- A judge ruled Thursday that a 15-year-old sophomore
cannot form an anarchy club or wear T-shirts opposing the U.S. bombing of
Afghanistan because it would disrupt school. Katie Sierra was suspended
from Sissonville High School for three days for promoting the club. She
was also told she could not wear T-shirts with messages such as: "When I
saw the dead and dying Afghani children on TV, I felt a newly recovered
sense of national security. God Bless America."
In a complaint filed with her mother, Sierra argued her right to free
speech was being denied.
Circuit Court Judge James Stucky agreed that free speech is "sacred" but
he found that such rights are "tempered by the limitations that they ...
not disrupt the educational process."
[Congress shall make NO LAW abridging the freedom of NON-DISRUPTIVE
 speech (Guffaw)]
Sierra said she'll pursue the dispute. "I don't want war. I'm not for
Afghanistan," Sierra said. "I think that what we're doing to them is just
as bad as what they did to us, and I think it needs to be stopped."
James Withrow, lawyer for the Kanawha County Board of Education, argued
that an anarchy club was inappropriate because students "do not feel that
their school is a safe place anymore." "Anarchy is the antithesis of what
we believe should be in schools," Withrow said.
Sierra's attorney, Roger Forman, said she is "being punished for
expressing her opinion."

@_date: 2001-11-05 20:34:25
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: More Creeping Public School Fascism 
Here's the latest outrage from our country's government-run schools.  Not
only do school officials presume to stick their noses into what kids do on
their own free time, away from school, but they think they can use lie
detectors to pry into kids' private lives.
Notice the collusion between the pigs and the school administrators.  Pigs make lists of people, none of whom have been charged with any crime,
and turn them over to school administrators, who have the power to take
action with no requirement of fairness or due process.
Note that nothing can be done about this unless a parent files a
complaint.  Kids don't have any rights in this country, except through
parental proxy, and apparently all the parents in this town have the
school superintendent's balls slapping against their chins.
Schools got away with "Zero Tolerance" using a small number of school
shootings as a pretense.  Now we'll see what they can get away with using
their increased FUD powers under the War on Terrorism(tm).
These administrators need to be gutted and their heads posted in public
view as a warning to others.
DUNLAP, Ill. -- One by one, the subjects were led into a room and hooked
up to a polygraph machine.
The purpose: to determine whether the teen-agers violated Dunlap High
School's code of conduct by attending a party where alcohol was consumed.
Seven of the 10 students who submitted to the lie detector exams -- all of
them football players -- flunked the questioning last month and were
barred from competing in the first round of the state playoffs. Some of
their parents wept when they learned their children had lied to them.
Dunlap High went to extraordinary lengths to get to the bottom of what was
otherwise a routine case of teen-agers getting into trouble. School
Superintendent Bill Collier said it was the right thing to do to sort the
guilty from the innocent: "It may look bad, it may sound bad, but it's the
fairest way."
The investigation began after police broke up a party Oct. 6. Nobody was
arrested, but officers took down the names of everyone present and traced
the registration of all cars parked there. Their list of 15 athletes was
turned over to school officials.
Three students admitted guilt when confronted. But many others claimed
that they had left the party as soon as they realized alcohol was present.
So school officials proposed the polygraphs.
Two students were suspended from the team after refusing to take the test,
and seven more were suspended after flunking. Collier pointed out that
three students were cleared who might otherwise have been punished.
"For these three kids, this worked exactly the way it is supposed to
work," he said.
Dunlap High went on to lose the Oct. 27 playoff game 28-7. Mike Griffith,
a policy analyst for the Education Commission of the States in Denver,
said he has never heard of a school using polygraphs in such a way, and he
called it an extreme measure.
"But in the end," he said, "if the parents don't file a complaint and the
school district is satisfied, it's a done deal."
Matt Jones, an attorney who represented the students who took the
polygraphs and their parents, said a lawsuit is unlikely, but parents may
try to pressure the school board into changing its policy regarding
parties. The students' names were not released by the school or Jones.
Jones said the suspended players -- most of them starters -- had greater
concerns than the outcome of the game. "Part of the disappointment is the
public scrutiny and having their parents disappointed in them," the lawyer
said. "With most of them, it's not about their participation but because
they let down their team."
Some in this central Illinois town of about 1,000 people 12 miles north
Peoria have been openly critical of school officials. "You would think
they have better things to do," said Mark Wade, a 1979 Dunlap High
graduate. Wade said the drinking policy existed when he was in high
school, and athletes and others were sometimes questioned about their
weekend activities. He said students sometimes lied, and their answers
were accepted; nobody gave them a polygraph. "That wouldn't have washed.
The parents wouldn't have stood for it," he said.
Collier and Jones said that before each polygraph session, held at the
school board's offices, the students and their parents were taken aside.
The students were asked to describe their actions that night. Before the
examinations began, the parents were asked to leave to eliminate
Afterward, the polygraph examiner went over results with the students and
their parents. Collier described the scene as sad, with some parents
shedding tears as they realized their children had lied to them and the
The superintendent said getting the truth was more important than a
football playoff game.
"I do know kids and adults can't continue to tell lies," he said. "Parents
need to do more communicating with their kids on real-life issues and find
out what they're doing on weekends."

@_date: 2001-11-06 09:03:40
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Alan Dershowitz Suggests Torture Warrants 
Matthew Gaylor alerts:
Professor Dershowitz has always walked a thin line between being a civil
libertarian and being a apologist for Israel and Zionism.  In all cases
that I can remember where there was a conflict between the two, he was the
Israel tortures, and what's good for Israel, is apparently also good for
the United States.
Kind of like circumcision.  If you can get everyone doing it, the chances
it will be outlawed, or that you will be criticized for doing it, grow

@_date: 2001-11-19 19:33:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re:  HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Sounds like plutonium-238, NASA's favorite fuel for deep space
Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators (RTGs).  It puts out 0.54
kilowatts/kilogram and has a half life of 87.8 years.

@_date: 2001-11-17 18:14:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re:  HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Weapons grade plutonium contains less than 7% of the non-fissile isotope
plutonium-240.  This is created if you leave the plutonium-239 in the
reactor after it is formed, and it manages to absorb an additional
neutron.  Small amounts of higher numbered plutonium isotopes are also
created by the same process.
For this reason, spent fuel from power reactors is not a suitable source
of weapons grade plutonium, although it is theoretically possible to build
a bomb from reactor grade plutonium if you use enough of it.  Bear in mind
you will have big thermal problems from short-lived plutonium isotopes if
that you employ plutonium from spent fuel, as well as problems from
neutrons getting soaked up by non-productive species.

@_date: 2001-11-17 17:50:13
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re:  HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
The common fissionable isotopes are alpha emitters with half-lives
measured in thousands of years.  Their rate of decay is miniscule.  Alpha
radiation, which consists of helium nuclei, can be stopped by a sheet of
Plutonium-239, which has a half-life of about 24,000 years, is slightly
warm to the touch.  Fissionable isotopes with much longer half-lives do
not noticibly differ from room temperature.
Alpha emitters are life threatening only if ingested.
No ones hair is falling out.  Really.

@_date: 2001-11-20 02:18:31
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
To the consumer, a computer is an appliance.  It is purchased to do some
specific set of things, with OS and applications pre-loaded.  Its software
and hardware are never upgraded, and when it isn't new and shiney any
more, it is traded in and a newer model is acquired.
To expect the consumer to do anything complicated to his computer is like
expecting the owner of a TV to upgrade it from Comb Filter to Comb Filter
Pro, and to add additional RAM and a line doubler.
Comsumers aren't going to use any security that isn't on the machine when
they get it.  Just like they aren't going to use an OS other than Windows,
because it isn't on the machine when they get it.
No, it sounds suspiciously resonant with "I understand that the appliance
market is different from the government, commercial, and educational
We call these people hobbyists.  The size of the hobbyist market will
never be more than a fraction of the size of the appliance market.

@_date: 2001-11-22 05:45:06
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Weizmann Institute Amazes World Again 
You know, when I saw the headline for this story, the words "Weizmann
Institute" immediately leaped into my head.
It's just that certain something about Weizmann Institute press releases
that reminds me of University of Utah press conferences back in the days
of Cold Fusion.
In any case, the folks at the Weizmann Institute are now claiming to have
developed the "trillion would fit in a test tube" DNA computer.
LONDON (Reuters) - Following Mother Nature's lead, Israeli scientists have
built a DNA computer so tiny that a trillion of them could fit in a test
tube and perform a billion operations per second with 99.8 percent
Instead of using figures and formulas to solve a problem, the microscopic
computer's input, output and software are made up of DNA molecules --
which store and process encoded information in living organisms.
Scientists see such DNA computers as future competitors to for their more
conventional cousins because miniaturisation is reaching its limits and
DNA has the potential to be much faster than conventional computers.
"We have built a nanoscale computer made of biomolecules that is so small
you cannot run them one at a time. When a trillion computers run together
they are capable of performing a billion operations," Professor Ehud
Shapiro of the Weizmann Institute in Israel told Reuters on Wednesday.
It is the first programmable autonomous computing machine in which the
input, output, software and hardware are all made of biomolecules.
Although too simple to have any immediate applications it could form the
basis of a DNA computer in the future that could potentially operate
within human cells and act as a monitoring device to detect potentially
disease-causing changes and synthesise drugs to fix them.
The model could also form the basis of computers that could be used to
screen DNA libraries in parallel without sequencing each molecule, which
could speed up the acquisition of knowledge about DNA.

@_date: 2001-11-25 21:09:51
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
Declan opines:
Had they given the software away for free, or published code for the
crack, they might have actually done some damage to copyright holders.  Instead, they charged enough money for it to raise the height of the bar
above casual and frivolous use.
Why this is viewed as an aggrevating circumstance by the DCMA, as opposed
to a mitigating one, is anyones guess.
Why don't people copy paperback books?  Because it is cheaper to buy them.
Not because the paperback book copyright police threaten you with life in

@_date: 2001-12-14 01:11:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Re: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
I think we're kind of missing the point here.  ACTA is well-funded for
being an annoying little pressure group that tries to increase the heat
around people who say things it doesn't approve of.
It's silly to compare its budget to Rand or SRI or the NSA.  And having
spent a million to try and redirect $29 billion in alumni donations makes
it a much bigger operation than the usual "Christians for Niceness" or
"Mothers Against Baby Exploitation" groups most of us are sick and tired
of hearing spew on news programs.

@_date: 2001-12-12 02:13:59
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
Are you sure that's the report all the fuss is about?  All the newspaper
stories I've read on this were pretty specific that names were named.
Yes.  Kind of like...
"Fuck America.  Fuck it to death and start over."
                       Crusty Retired Engineer, Intel.

@_date: 2001-12-12 01:01:11
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
Declan opines:
OK.  How about "well-funded?"  :)
I count $1,270,000 in grants to the organization since its creation as the
National Alumni Forum.  The NAF sold the idea that alumni should
contribute to the NAF's "Fund for Academic Renewal" instead of directly to
their institutions.  The NAF then gave the money to the institutions as
targeted donations, removing the institution's discretion over how alumni
donations were spent.
They went after the $2.9 billion alumni gift market with big ads in Ivy
League magazines.  Later they changed their name to the more impressive
sounding American Council of Trustees and Alumni, and broadened the
spectrum of pressure tactics employed to shove patriotism down the throats
of universities behind the smokescreen of "promoting intellectual freedom
and raising academic standards."
In what sense is such an undertaking neither "big" nor "powerful?"

@_date: 2001-12-11 22:12:39
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
An interesting tactic.  Out those whose remarks are not publicly known, to
intimidate them and others into silence, while at the same time,
"defending" someone whose reputation cannot be further vilified against
excessive punishment.
Like most organizations that are members of the Conservative Labyrinth,
ACTA's web page is a bit deceptive.  On first reading, you might get the
impression that you were looking at some sort of ACLU-like organization
devoted to intellectual and academic freedom.  Look at how many times the
word "liberal" appears in a positive context.
Of course, this is designed to appeal to people who don't pay too much
attention to the fact that the word "liberal" in "liberal education" has
an entirely different meaning than it does in "liberal political
Defense of liberal education and attacks on the elimination of humanities
programs, do not equate to support of liberal politics and humanism.  :)
Even the ADL proudly advertises that the "solution to bad speech is more
speech."  In fact, they will happily provide you with carefully prepared
"more speech" to add to any website which contains comments that might be
construed as negative about a particular ideology and its followers.
I think most of us would consider the ADL pro-censorship, even as it
adopts Cypherpunkish slogans to describe its behavior.
As conservative organizations and other agendas strive to blend in to the
freethinkers, it becomes even more important to recognize that the ACLJ is
not the ACLU, Pregnancy Crisis Centers are not Abortion Clinics, and Child
Advocacy is not Childrens Rights.
Neither is defending a professor against being punished for snickering
over the exploding Pentagon an invitation to university faculty to speak
their minds on the likely fallout from decades of Belicose and Belligerent
US Foreign Policy.
There's a pretty good Boston Globe article on all this at...

@_date: 2001-12-11 20:58:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
It was released by ACTA, formerly the NAF, run by Lynne Cheney, formerly
arch-conservative Bill Bennett's heir at the National Endowment for the
Humanities, and the wife of the federal government's favorite cardiac
patient, Vice President Dick Cheney.
Imagine the joy of being a university professor, and waking up one morning
to find that a big powerful organization run by the Vice President's wife
has issued a report practically calling you a traitor.
from and from APSCUF's Higher Education News Blits
<<* THE AMERICAN COUNCIL OF TRUSTEES AND ALUMNI, an organization that says
  American higher education plays down Western intellectual teachings, on
  Sunday issued a stinging report that condemns colleges and faculty
  members for what it calls a "blame America first" response to the
  terrorist attacks of September 11.>>
and from WebNetInfo.com
You might want to wade through  and see if you can
find the report.  I took a quick look, but my javascript and .pdf
patience levels were quickly exceeded.
I saw one of the frightened professors bleating "but I'm not a traitor" on
CNN the other day, and a smiling ACTA droid saying that their list was
merely "academic criticism."  High drama.

@_date: 2001-12-11 05:42:36
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
There's also a blacklist on the Web of people in academia who have
publicly stated less than glowing support for Bush's war against "evil."
McCarthyism meets Wounded Knee meets Mike Echols. :)
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. -- A University of New Mexico history professor who
joked in class about the Sept. 11 attacks has been barred from teaching
freshmen for now, the school said Monday.
Professor Richard Berthold will also get a letter of reprimand and undergo
review, said Brian L. Foster, university provost.
The 55-year-old tenured professor told a freshman history class just after
the attacks that "anyone who can blow up the Pentagon has my vote."
Berthold has apologized for his comment, which he called "an incredibly
stupid joke." He did not immediately return a phone call Monday.
Berthold stayed off campus for a brief period while police investigated
obscene and threatening calls to the history department. He also said he
was assaulted in front of his home.

@_date: 2001-12-12 23:41:33
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Jewish Terror Attack on US Foiled 
Gosh - doesn't anyone like the United States anymore?  Give the fuckers
$3 billion a year in aid, and they elect a war criminal as their Prime
Minister and pull shit like this.
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The chairman of the militant Jewish Defense League and
a follower have been arrested on suspicion of plotting to blow up a Los
Angeles mosque and the office of an Arab-American congressman, federal
authorities said today. Irv Rubin, 56, and a member of the group, Earl
Krugel, 59, both of Los Angeles, were arrested last night after the last
component of the bomb -- explosive powder -- was delivered to Krugel's
home, U.S. Attorney John S. Gordon said. Authorities said the two planned
to bomb the King Fahd Mosque in Culver City and the office of freshman
Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif.

@_date: 2001-12-14 20:48:25
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Poor little child pornographer 
Even your first sentence reeks of the Sex Abuse Agenda.  You cannot
distinguish between readers and authors of sexually oriented material, and
you think people should be instantly labeled with whatever any law
enforcement goon or sex whacko chooses to accuse them of, without benefit
of a trial.
Any country goofy enough to tell people what they are and are not allowed
to read, think, write, or display, within the privacy of their own homes,
even if no one but them is aware of it, is goofy enough to fabricate
evidence in pursuit of a moral panic.
"If it saves just one child..."
Why, of course, the child sex abuse whackos are all mentally well
adjusted, completely professional, and just live for the day they can say
"I'm sorry" for falsely accusing someone.  Uh huh.
I think you have liking pedophiles confused with hating idiots.  I am a
skeptic by nature, and loathe bon-bon munching Holsteins ranting about
children being molested by Bad Clowns in Secret Underground Tunnels with
Giraffes in them.  So sue me.
Any articulate person who criticizes flim-flam and nonsense these days in
the area of child sexual abuse, gets called a pedophile by all the Lying
Feminist Cunts.  They're nuts.  I'm not.  End of story.
Echols put you up to this, didn't he?  I hear Kinkos pulled his Internet
connection and he's now accusing them of supporting "Internet Child Sex
Predators and Child Pornographers."
Oh when will people learn.

@_date: 2001-12-17 02:51:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Ban 
John Young posts:
Of course, this is the way the US government loves to operate.  Convict
people on bullshit, get them "in the system," and then impose conditions
of probation which prohibit them from exposing what was done to them.
Both the Jim Bell and Carl Johnson trials were examples of this method in
We'll see a lot more of such antics in the "terrorism" trials of the many
current detainees.  They will be convicted of bullshit, like transposing
two digits of their social security numbers, or failing to report they
were unemployed on a savings account application.  They won't be able to
defend themselves on terrorism charges, because they won't be on trial for
Then, in the sentencing phase, the government will get to say anything it
likes about the person being a terrorist, with no opposing point of view
able to be presented, and the 30 year sentences will be rolled out.
It's the new AmeriKKKa, where everyone is guilty of something.

@_date: 2001-12-23 00:46:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: "Swiss bank in a box" 
Gold, last I looked, had a single stable isotope which accounted for 100%
of its natural abundance.  79-Au-197.
One piece of pure stable gold is indistinguishable from another. So if your gold is pure and isn't radioactive, it hasn't been tagged by
isotopic ratio tweeks.

@_date: 2001-12-24 18:11:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Simplest possible ecash mint 
There used to be a little toy server run by Software Agents at
  It exchanged something called NetCash which had
the following format.
NetCash US$ 10.00 A123456B789012C
You could mail the server encrypting with its public key, and it would
send you back the results encrypted with any password you specified.
The server could do a number of simple things, like exchange tokens for
new ones, make change, combine a bunch of tokens into a single one, and
check tokens for validity.  You could deposit tokens and they would mail
you a check, or you could mail them a check, and they would issue tokens.
It was a cute little system, restricted to amounts under $100, and got
some use by BBS systems which accepted the tokens to pay for a
Anyone remember this?
It apparently folded, and netbank.com is now a real bank.

@_date: 2002-01-12 22:43:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Ariel Sharon's Alleged Faux Pas 
The Internet is a big bathroom wall and everyone has a crayon.  I learned
long ago that trying to apply meatspace standards for libel and slander to
the Internet was a futile exercise.
I still think it's more likely than not that Sharon made the comments, but
I learned long ago that seeking absolute truth in anything other than
discrete mathematics was also a futile exercise.
Some do.  Some don't.  Oddly enough, the "We control America" slogan seems
to be gaining popularity in Israel.  There are now reports in the
Palestinian press of workers with American peace organizations,
investigating the treatment of the Palestinians, being taunted by IDF
soldiers shouting "We control America."
Either a clever propaganda campaign to sour relations between the US and
their Zionist client state, or Israeli cajones that need to be beaten back
down to normal size.
Perhaps Sharon could seize the moment, and print up "We Control America"
bumper stickers for his re-election campaign.

@_date: 2002-01-03 18:09:06
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Future Gnu's 
There is a critical mass of drek above which no one will bother searching
for stuff worth reading in the list.  Without mentioning any names, might
I suggest that certain prolific posters need to stop posting 15 badly
formatted seemingly unintelligible messages every time they visit.
Two or three badly formatted seemingly unintelligible messages might
actually be searched for meaningful content, but when I start seeing
screenfuls of message headers from the same person, I hit "delete" and try
again a few days later.
Odd stuff and spam doesn't need to be 95% of the list traffic.

@_date: 2002-01-17 02:23:33
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Seems our intrepid reporter has given Mr. Saint George, the ZeoSync CEO,
his own writeup in Wired News.
Particularly interesting is the following claim...
  "What hasn't been previously proven, we're proving. We can compress
   every single permutation of an N-member set. These are going to be the
   details that we're going to be announcing in a few days."
Last I counted, there were N! permutations of an N-member set, and N^N
sequences of N elements taken from an N-member set.  For big N, and even moderately sized N, N! << N^N.
I hope Mr. Saint George hasn't spent the last 12 years of his life
discovering that permutations are compressable.

@_date: 2002-01-08 23:30:48
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Declan opines:
From the article:
"ZeoSync said its scientific team had succeeded on a small scale in
 compressing random information sequences in such a way as to allow the
 same data to be compressed more than 100 times over -- with no data
 loss."
Now of course it's possible they were horribly misquoted.  Still, it is
worrisome that so many people quoted in the article think such algorithmic
gymnastics are mathematically possible.

@_date: 2002-01-08 23:20:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Randomness is generally defined for sequences, which are mappings from the
non-negative integers onto some finite set of symbols.  A sequence is
random if its values are independently selected and uniformly distributed.
A random sequence of ASCII characters will not only spell out "Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year" numerous times, but will spell out every
other possible piece of text as well.  In a random sequence of bits, all
2^N N-bit strings are equally likely to occur as we step through the
sequence, for any chosen value of N.
The Theory of Compression works with sequences.  Finite sets of data, or
strings, are considered to be initial segments of sequences.
There is also the notion of the Kolmogorov complexity of a string, which
is the length of the shortest program which generates it.  This also leads
to the Kolmogorov definition of a random string, as one whose shortest
description is itself.
Most practical compression algorithms, however, do not work with the
complexity of data in the Kolmogorov sense, but merely compress a sequence
using a fixed amount of its previous history as a dictionary.
As a simple example of how a good compression algorithm might work,
consider a person sitting in front of a console that displays the first
N-1 characters of some text.  The person tries to guess character N and
makes successive guesses until the computer tells him he is successful.  If we entropy code the number of guesses at each point, and we presume
different persons use the same deterministic algorithm for guessing based
on a knowlege of the English language, and on what has previously occurred
in the text, we can transform any English text of more than trivial length
into a lesser number of bits than are required to represent it in ASCII.
If we imagine such a scheme applied to the random binary sequence
described earlier, the person will on the average require 1 guess 50% of
the time, and 2 guesses the other 50% of the time to correctly identify
the next bit.  Entropy coding two symbols which occur with equal frequency
requires one bit for each occurrence.  In this case, attempting
"compression" requires one bit output for each bit input, demonstrating
that a random sequence cannot be compressed.
Talking about a finite string being "random" in the commonly accepted
non-Kolmogorov sense is a meaningless notion, apart from the string being
the initial segment of some random seqence.  Any random string is produced
by taking a finite number of instances of some random variable, and such a
random variable has, by definition, an infinite sequence of such instances
over which its mathematical properties are defined.

@_date: 2002-01-08 17:21:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Someone else needs to read the comp.compression FAQ.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Florida research start-up working with a team of
renowned mathematicians said on Monday it had achieved a breakthrough that
overcomes the previously known limits of compression used to store and
transmit data.
If proven and successfully commercialized, the discovery asserted by
ZeoSync Corp of West Palm Beach, Florida could overturn half a century of
thinking in the field of lossless data compression and undermine business
assumptions on which the telecommunications and other digital industries
are based.
Lossless compression is the process by which computer data can be
compacted, stored and then restored with complete fidelity, or zero loss
of data. Existing compression techniques typically shed redundant data in
order to conserve space.
ZeoSync said its scientific team had succeeded on a small scale in
compressing random information sequences in such a way as to allow the
same data to be compressed more than 100 times over -- with no data loss.
That would be at least an order of magnitude beyond current known
algorithms for compacting data.
[Someone needs to learn the pigeonhole principle.  You can not give
 each member of a set of 2^(N*100) things its own unique identifier
 taken from a set of 2^N things.]
The company's claims, which are yet to be demonstrated in any public
forum, could vastly boost the ability of computer disks to store, text,
music and video -- if ZeoSync's formulae succeed in scaling up to handle
massive amounts of data.
The same compression technique might one day make make high-speed Internet
access cheaper and widely available across the globe, posing a threat to
huge investments in telecommunications network capacity, an industry
analyst said.
"Either this research is the next 'Cold Fusion' scam that dies away or
it's the foundation for a Nobel Prize. I don't have an answer to which one
it is yet," said David Hill, a data storage analyst with Boston-based
Aberdeen Group.
[David needs to read the comp.compression FAQ too.]
In 1990, a group of Utah researchers scandalized the scientific world with
claims -- quickly found to be unsupported -- that the long-sought answer
to the problem of Cold Fusion had been discovered.
Hill, the only independent analyst briefed ahead of the announcement, said
ZeoSync's claims were theoretically feasible, but years away from
definitive proof. He will require more information before evaluating
ZeoSync's claims, he said.
[You know, if you run the random data through the algorithm a second
 time, I bet you would get 10,000:1 compression.]
ZeoSync, whose Web site can be located at  was
founded by Peter St. George, an Internet and financial services
entrepreneur, who has a background in telecommunications research.
ZeoSync, with 30 full-time employees, said it had collaborated with
experts from Harvard University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Stanford University and researchers in Warsaw, Moscow, and Beijing.
BREAK WITH CURRENT TECHNOLOGIES
Among the scientific team working with ZeoSync is Steve Smale, one of
America's most renowned mathematicians. Smale is an emeritus professor at
the University of California at Berkeley and the 1966 winner of the Fields
Prize, the Nobel Prize for researchers in this field. He could not be
reached for comment on his role in the project.
Peter St. George, ZeoSync founder and chief executive, said his company's
technique challenged the foundations of digital communications theory
spelled out by AT&T's Dr. Claude Shannon in his classic 1948 treatise on
Information Theory.
Shannon, who died in 1991, had proposed that any type of information, from
human speech to computer keyboards to storage disks is limited by the
capacity of the data channel over which it flows. This is the basis of
digital communications theory.
"What we've developed is a new plateau in communications theory," St.
George said. "We are expecting to produce the enormous capacity of analog
signaling, with the benefit of the noise-free integrity of digital
The techniques described by ZeoSync would mark a break with the dozens of
existing compression technologies, including MPEG for video and music and
JPEG for pictures and graphics are able to compact data at compression
rates up to 10 times the original. These algorithms typically work by
eliminating long strings of identifiable bits of data such as blue sky,
green grass or the white background of a snow-covered landscape.
In a statement, ZeoSync said its techniques, "once fully developed, will
offer compression ratios that are anticipated to approach the
hundreds-to-one range."
Using mathematical terminology, the company said its technique
"intentionally randomizes naturally occurring patterns to form
entropy-like random sequences."
ZeoSync said it had applied for patent protection for a technology it
calls Zero Space Tuner, and a related technique it calls
BinaryAccelerator, which encodes data into perfectly reproducible
compressed formats.
The company expects the technology to be in commercial use during 2003, it
[It is much more likely that winged monkeys will fly out of  St George's nether regions.]
St. George told Reuters the company was in talks with unnamed potential
strategic partners, including a major supplier of computer chips used in
multimedia compression and also a leading Hollywood music studio, among
Partnerships deals will be announced over the next several months, he
said, although no deals had yet been reached. The company said its
technology could be used to enhance existing compression techniques such
as fractals, a school of geometry that seeks to find order in the chaos of
the natural world.
"We would like to invite additional members of the scientific community to
join us in our efforts to revolutionize digital technology," St. George
said of the formerly secretive project.
"There is a lot of exciting work to be done."

@_date: 2002-01-11 22:10:57
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
I got 256 hits on Google.  The original source is apparently Israel Radio
in Hebrew, Col Yisrael, commenting on Sharon's remarks, although of course
it has received wide coverage in the Arab press and on white supremicist
I see not a single denial.
I don't know.  Accusations of antisemitism in the US are extremely vicious
and business destroying, and mainstream newspapers will generally not
print anything which might cause them to be so labeled. "Pakis" and other
maligned groups do not generally enjoy this special dispensation.
As Gore Vidal is fond of saying, there is considerably more freedom to
criticize Israel in Israel, than there is to criticize Israel in the
United States.
I'm kind of torn here.  I certainly don't wish to adopt the position that
nothing is credible that doesn't get mainstream media coverage.  But you
are right that it's a bit suspicious.
When the false story was planted that CNN had used archived footage to
simulate Palestinians celebrating the WTC flattening, the denials were
swift, even though the story had only appeared on the Internet.
I see no denials of this even more widely reported story, and I find that
suspicious too.
Newspapers regularly refuse even well-written op-ed pieces which point out
Israel's warts.
One recalls the recent firings of Managing Editor Jean Ryan and City
Editor Dale Seth from the Oneida Daily Dispatch for daring to place the
word "Jewish" preceeding the word "terrorist" in an editorial about
Israel's formation, one of American Journalism's many unwritten taboos
about coverage of Israel.
I'm going to go out on a limb here, and say that Sharon's remarks were
probably quoted accurately, based on a preponderance of the evidence,
even though, as you point out, they were not repeated in the New York
Times, or even in the Oneida Daily Dispatch.

@_date: 2002-01-11 20:59:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
Yes, I obviously got the Munich thing confused with something else.  I
have posted a correction in response to a sarcastic snipe by Tim.
No.  It was Germans who screwed it up.  The Germans, concerned about PR, turned down the Mossad's request to send in a rescue team, and tried to do the rescue themselves with the Mossad director watching.

@_date: 2002-01-11 20:37:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
Apparently, I confused the events in Munich in '72 with another "rescue"
operation in which civilians were obliterated by the rescue team, and
their deaths were later attributed to the hostage takers.
After some refreshing of my memory from the news coverage of the events, I
will correct the account to read as follows.
Palestinians took 11 Israeli athletes hostage and two of them were killed
during the hostage taking.  The Mossad, the Israeli secret service,
requested to bring in a hostage rescue team into Germany, and was refused
by the German government.  With the head of the Mossad, Zvi Zamir, acting
as an observer and adviser in Germany, a rescue was attempted by German
police, which resulted in the killing of the remaining 9 athletes.
I will still stand by my points about Israeli policy towards Israeli
civilians held hostage, settlements, and Sharon's "The Jewish people
control America" comments before the Knesset.
The Munich festivities were apparently later immortalized for history in a
Michael Douglas film, which now serves as peoples public recollection of
the events, rather than the coverage that took place at the time.

@_date: 2002-01-11 19:45:59
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re:  [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
Not quite.  11 Israeli athletes were captured by some Palestinians.  They
were killed when the Israeli military attacked the site where they were
being held, and slaughtered everything that moved.
It is and always has been the policy of the Zionist Entity to regard its
civilians as expendable for propaganda purposes in any hostage situation.
That is why, for instance, the Israelis immediately move their own
civilians in as human shields when they illegally occupy an area. Referred
to, of course, by the Israelis and their poodles in US government as
     "I want to tell you something very clear: Don't worry about       American pressure on Israel. We, the Jewish people, control America,
      and the Americans know it."
                                           --Ariel Sharon
                                             October 3, 2001

@_date: 2002-01-12 03:40:08
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
In this case, a "letter to the editor" which suggested that the quote
wasn't true because A.  Sharon couldn't have been that stupid.
B.  One of the places the quote appeared was in a magazine sympathetic to
    Arabs.
was proffered as "proof" that all 256 references to the quote on the Web
were in error.  It is hardly a huge leap here to suggest that this
"proof", albeit of a negative, was less than airtight.
Cheers,

@_date: 2002-01-12 00:34:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
In the stuff you sent me, the part you claim was written two days before
the alleged Sharon October 3 quote is under a big title saying...
           Copyright 2001 The Omaha World-Herald Company
                          Omaha World-Herald
           November 1, 2001, Thursday  SUNRISE EDITION
Unless I'm missing something here, your point that I have been proven
wrong because something was written about the Sharon quote two days before
it was supposed to have been said is void.
Also, the text you pasted which said that the quote could not possibly
have been true, and that the source was biased, was a pro-Israel letter to
the editor, criticizing someone identified as a theology professor who
apparently mentioned the Sharon quote in something printed earlier.
Yes, the quote is extrordinary.  Yes, Sharon is a nut.  That he shares
with bin Laden the fantasy that the Jews control America is no huge
Do you have anything else to add?

@_date: 2002-01-11 23:46:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
OK, I'll bite.  How did the Omaha World Herald on October 1, quote the
Washington Report from October 3, in response to a reader question
of October 27?
Also, he doesn't debunk the quote.  He just expresses his opinion that no
Israeli leader could be so stupid, and continues merrily on to say that
one magazine that reported the remark is "influenced" by Arabs.
If it appeared in a bylined article in a mainstream American newspaper,
and everyone involved has not been fired, and no retraction has been
issued, many months later, I would tend to believe that the authenticity
of the quote is not in question.
I'll pass on the 1,000:1 compression software, but I'm pretty sure about
the quote.  Anyone in Israel care to confirm or deny?

@_date: 2002-01-12 03:26:21
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Ariel Sharon's Alleged Faux Pas 
At least I'm not trying to refute it by claiming it was debunked in the
media two days before it was said. :)
This is not simply a case of reporting something, and then tossing the
burden of proof on the opposition to prove it wasn't said.  This is a case
of something pretty widely disseminated on the Net, to which not a single
official voice of opposition has been raised.  In a general subject area
where the slightest dissent generally makes one a big target.
I mean, you'd at least expect the Weisenthal Center to come up with a
press release decrying the unfair slandering of poor Prime Minister Sharon
with the horrible antisemitic libel of Jewish control of the US
This strongly suggests to me that the "Occam's Razor" scenario here is
that Sharon said something that made his advisors soil their Depends, and
everyone is busy pretending it didn't happen.
He very well may be.  I will not suffer any decrease in my happiness, nor
my appreciation of Peter, should that be proved to be the case.
To paraphrase Golda Meir badly out of context, this would require that one
not love ones paycheck more than one hated Sharon's guts.
A hard test, given several recent journalist and editor firings for
publicly articulating truths about mideast history some find unpleasant.
In this case, I think it's never attribute to conspiracy or stupidity that
which can be easily explained by herding and schooling behavior.
Kind of like when the totality of mainstream journalism decides at the
same moment in time that the "Tiananmen Square Massacre" is now the
"Tiananmen Square Crackdown" and probably later, the "Tiananmen Square
Tea-Time Unpleasantness."
"Laugh while you can, Monkey Boy."
Seriously, though.  If anyone can cite an unimpeachable source on whether
the words in question were uttered by Ariel Sharon, I'm sure we'd all be
overjoyed to be pointed to it, so we can get on with our lives.

@_date: 2002-01-17 19:38:21
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: judge Magic Lanterned by amateur, and busted 
Isn't that unauthorized access to a computer system?  Why isn't the
"hacker" being prosecuted too?
If prosecutors don't prosecute vigilantes who commit illegal acts to help
police do an end run around civil rights, what's the difference between
that, and the police collecting evidence illegally to begin with?
Randall Schwartz goes down on three felony counts for accessing a
workplace computer, and we have script kiddies being hailed at heros for
breaking into judges' computers, and copying their hard drives.  That sort
of screams double standard, doesn't it?

@_date: 2002-01-26 00:46:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Thinking outside the box, deviously 
Assuming Tim is telling the truth, the answer does not depend on the
radius of the sphere whose remaining part has height 10 centimeters.
It therefore suffices to consider the limiting case, in which the drill
bit has vanishingly small diameter, and carves the core out of a sphere
infinitesimally close to 10 centimeters high.
The volume of what remains is then easily seen to be the same as the
volume of a sphere with diameter 10 centimeters, which can be computed
with the usual formula of (4/3)*Pi*R^3.

@_date: 2002-01-31 20:35:09
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: What the FBI Censored at RaisetheFist 
Whenever I read these "Anarchist's Cookbook" type rants, I really wonder
if they weren't written by the government to get idiots to blow themselves
"Others claim", "It has also been said."  Hardly an indication that the
piece has been written by an explosives expert.
Muramic acid is a component of peptidoglycan.  Doubtless the moron means
muriatic acid, an old name for hydrochloric acid.
Dropping aluminum foil into a pop bottle full of hydrochloric acid,
putting the cap on, and shaking it, is not a particularly bright thing to
Be sure to use the heads from kitchen matches, and not those wimpy safety
matches.  Pack it by banging on it real hard.
In any case, It's hard to think anyone takes this stuff seriously, except
as satyrical reading material, and bait for less intelligent cops.

@_date: 2002-02-21 18:35:47
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Another Victory for Jewstice in Amerikkka 
Remember John Demjanjuk, the retired auto worker injected with drugs by
our government, flown to Israel on a military jet, and forced to sit
through a lengthy televised show trial while witnesses who claimed he was
"the gas chamber operator at Treblinka" fainted on cue and gave
performances worthy of the Salem witch trials?
Sentenced to death, his sentence was later overturned when it was proven
he could not possibly have been the individual the Israelis claimed he
You might think he deserved an apology and a large cash settlement when he
returned to the United States, but what he got was the OSI, the branch of
the Justice Department devoted to spending taxpayer money in pursuit of
Jewish vendettas, trying to revoke his citizenship on yet another
The guy is now 81, and various Jewish groups can't even agree on whether
the "gas chamber" he was accused of operating employed Zyklon-B, diesel
exhaust, explosive decompression, or steamed its victims to death.
Still, these people have a Holocaust to sell, so that we may all be told
how terrible it is for anyone to dare criticize Israel for its thuggery.
Office of Special Investigations
Director: Eli M. Rosenbaum
February 21, 2002, 12:01 PM EST
CLEVELAND(AP) -- John Demjanjuk's citizenship was revoked for the second
time Thursday by a federal judge who agreed with government allegations
that he was a Nazi death camp guard during World War II. In a ruling eight
months after Demjanjuk's trial, Judge Paul Matia said there was enough
evidence without eyewitness corroboration to prove he guarded Nazi death
and forced-labor camps.
"The government had the burden of proving its contention to the court by
clear, convincing, and unequivocal evidence," Matia said in a supplement
to the ruling. "It did so."
The ruling means that Demjanjuk could be detained and deported, but the
Justice Department was still deciding whether it planned to order him from
the country, according to a department official who spoke on condition of
Demjanjuk, a Ukrainian who went by the name Ivan in his homeland, has
insisted he was a prisoner of war.
Ed Nishnic, Demjanjuk's son-in-law and family spokesman, said Demjanjuk
would appeal. "We tried our case and continue to believe the government is
wrong," Nishnic said. "We most respectfully believe that Judge Matia has
made serious factual and legal errors in his opinion."
The evidence included World War II documents such as work records and
citizenship papers. Demjanjuk denied the papers were linked to him. It was
the Justice Department's second attempt to strip Demjanjuk of his U.S.
citizenship. In the latest case, federal prosecutors argued that he
fraudulently became a citizen by covering up his past as a guard at
several Nazi concentration camps.
Demjanjuk, now 81, formerly lost his U.S. citizenship in 1981 on evidence
that he was the sadistic Nazi guard "Ivan the Terrible" at Treblinka, in
Poland, from 1942-43.
The 1981 case resulted in a trial in Israel, where Demjanjuk was convicted
and sentenced to death in 1988. However, his conviction there was
overturned in 1993, mainly on new evidence that someone else was Ivan the
Terrible of Treblinka.
The latest case did not include allegations of him being the Treblinka
guard. Ephraim Zuroff, head of the Israeli branch of the Simon Wiesenthal
Center, which monitors attacks on Jewish organizations and people, said:
"Justice has won the day."
[No, Jewstice has won the day.]
Nishnic said the ordeal has been difficult on his father-in-law. "It's
been a very stressful 25 years for him. The wear of this relentless
prosecution by three superpowers has taken a toll on his health.
"It is true that judges have ruled against us in the past and public
opinion has been against us in the past," Nishnic said. "Nevertheless, we
have proven them wrong before and have been vindicated."
Demjanjuk, a former Ford Motor Co. factory worker, lives in the Cleveland
suburb Seven Hills, but he did not attend his recent trial. He has spurned
public attention since returning eight years ago from Israel.
A deposition Demjanjuk gave to government lawyers in July 2000 was his
last comment on his past. He denied aiding the Nazis. He has maintained
that he served in the Soviet Army, was captured in 1942 and remained in
German prisoner of war camps.
His lawyers said Demjanjuk may have been confused with a cousin from the
same Ukrainian village who also was named Ivan Demjanjuk. In the
deposition, Demjanjuk said his cousin joined the Soviet Army a few weeks
before he did.
Keys to the government's case were documents kept by the Germans and
archived by the Soviet Union that prosecutors said showed Demjanjuk was
guard number 1393 and assigned to several Nazi camps after he was trained
at Trawniki in Poland.
One document allegedly indicated Demjanjuk was assigned in 1943 to the
Sobibor, Poland, camp where guards forced Jews from trains into gas
chambers. Demjanjuk held firm to his argument that he was a forced laborer
as a prisoner of war.
In one of his more detailed deposition responses, Demjanjuk, who used a
Ukrainian translator due to his poor English, said: "I was in captivity in
the military prison, and then I ended up in Graz. From Graz I ended up in
Heuberg. And that is -- that is it. That's where it ends. And what is
written here, how could it be me?"

@_date: 2002-02-09 23:43:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Shmoo Group - Software security geek site (fwd) 
I find this use has grown with the Internet, particularly in the plurals
of acronyms, where one needs to delimit, and not have the "s" thought of
as part of the abbreviation.

@_date: 2002-02-07 01:14:24
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Teletext Terrorism 
Mr. Niger Innis, son of Black activist Roy Innis, during a recent
interview on MSNBC, which again demonstrates itself to be the catbox liner
of cable journalism.

@_date: 2002-02-11 20:30:48
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Sheeple Land With Hands on Heads 
Some guy on a flight to SLC tries to go to the bathroom 5 minutes later
than allowed, and then pauses before following orders to return to his
So of course, Armed Air Marshals immediately take over the cabin.
The guy with the weak bladder faces 20 years in prison, for defying the
state in the form of a flight crew.
SALT LAKE CITY -- An airline passenger who allegedly got up to go the
bathroom less than 30 minutes before landing became the first person
arrested under a new federal flight regulation adopted for the Olympics.
Richard Bizarro, 59, could get up to 20 years in prison on charges of
interfering with a flight crew.
Bizarro was on a Delta flight from Los Angeles on Saturday when he
allegedly left his seat 25 minutes before landing, despite two warnings
from the captain to the 90 passengers to stay put as required under the
30-minute rule adopted for Salt Lake City by the Federal Aviation
Because of the incident, air marshals aboard the plane ordered all
passengers to put their hands on their heads for the rest of the flight.
Bizarro was jailed overnight and released on his own recognizance
Authorities said a flight attendant instructed Bizarro to return to his
seat immediately after he left the bathroom. She said Bizarro, who is
6-foot-2 and 220 pounds, ignored her orders and stared at her for about a
minute before returning to his seat, according to the FBI.
The incident was seen by two of three undercover air marshals on board,
the FBI said. One of the agents said he saw Bizarro give what appeared to
be a "thumbs up" to another passenger as he returned to his seat,
prompting the marshals to take control of the cabin.
The Salt Lake City rule requiring no passenger movement during the last 30
minutes went into effect Feb. 5. It already had been in effect for flights
to Reagan International Airport in Washington.

@_date: 2002-02-13 00:38:35
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Libraries Cull Collections to Make Feds Happy 
Here's an interesting little story.  The Feds are rethinking the idea of
continuing to make documents which detail information about vulnerable
infrastructure available to the public.
Indeed, many such documents are no longer on government Web pages.  But
what to do about the documents already out there?
No problemo. :)
The Feds recently sent out a letter to 1300 libraries across the country,
asking them to destroy a particular document about water supplies.
The libraries cheerfully complied.
One wonders if the libraries would have rolled over so easily had the
government requested the destruction of "The Turner Diaries," "Why
Buildings Fall Down," or "Heather Has Two Mommies."
Maybe we need a program to certify people as "Trusted Citizens" in order
to enable their access to forbidden technologies like chemistry and
CASTLETON, Vt. -- Under federal orders, two Vermont schools destroyed
copies of a document about water supplies that had raised security
concerns after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
The University of Vermont and Castleton College got letters last fall from
the U.S. Government Printing Office instructing them to destroy the
little-known document, "Source Area Characteristics of Large Public
Surface Water Supplies."
"It's pretty unusual, really," said Ruth Parlin, Castleton's library
director. "I've never really heard of the government asking libraries to
destroy something that's already been made available."
The letter was sent to all 1,300 libraries that serve as federal
depositories across the country.
In Vermont, only Castleton and the University of Vermont had the document.
Both stored it on a CD-ROM.
"We had someone fold it and it shattered," said Nancy Luzer, who is in
charge of government documents at Castleton's library.

@_date: 2002-02-16 20:56:09
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: On NOT publishing the public half of a key-pair 
Tim Writes:
Although we believe that public key cryptography is reasonably secure,
it's always a good idea not to give ones opponent endless time to pound on
something prior to using it to send a message of interest to that
If I encrypt something that will become useless to an opponent three weeks
from now, the cipher only has to be strong enough not to be broken in
three weeks.  If I left my key on a publicly accessible keyserver five
years ago, and labeled it "Blacknet Bid Encryption Key," then of course I
had better use a cipher I am sure is a good deal stronger.
A good example of this was Secure RPC a number of years back, where
everyone used a single modulus that came with the OS.  Of course this was
a single point of failure, where an attacker had an open-ended amount of
time to do precomputation.  The obvious happened, to no ones great

@_date: 2002-02-23 07:30:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Was Pearl Sacrificed by the Patriotic WSJ? 
Pearl said "I am Jewish.  My mother is Jewish", then his throat was cut,
and then he was beheaded.
Judaism is inherited on the maternal side, of course.
The manner in which he was killed mirrored the standard Islamic animal
sacrifice, in which a sheep or goat has its throat cut, and then its head
cut off.
The message here seems to be "Here is what happens to Jews who work
against Islam."  Whether being a WSJ reporter is anti-Islamic enough or
whether there is in fact an intelligence connection remains to be seen.
While all of this is very tough shit for Mr. Pearl, life is cheap in
Islamic societies, and there is a huge amount of hypocrisy in Shrub
railing against the alleged human rights violations by the Taliban, while people in Saudi Arabia, our great partner in the war against "Terrorism",
get their heads chopped off for "sorcery."
Mr. Pearl's last moments, coming soon to alt.binaries.pictures.tasteless,
no doubt.
Well, at least it isn't child porn.

@_date: 2002-03-10 07:20:54
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: KarnDES implementation is weak ? 
A Non-English Speaking and Writing Person posted:
The implementation is correct, and incorporates all the tricks currently
known for doing DES fast on x86 hardware.
You may talk about the relative strengths and weaknesses of DES, but it
makes no sense to to refer to Karn's implementation as being weak.
The only parameters relevant to a DES implementation are correctness and
speed and amount of table space used.
Karn's implementation is correct, fast, and uses reasonable space for a
pre-computed and optimized key schedule.

@_date: 2002-03-31 18:24:37
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re:  Babel  (Re: on the state of PGP compatibility) 
I use PGP 2.62, under DOS, on a machine not connected to the Net.  Just because Bloatware PGP for Bloatware OS is the latest version, doesn't
mean one cannot use the reliable uncomplicated earlier versions.
And since Bloatware OS is the weak security link here, it really doesn't
matter if you had a decent PGP to run on it, does it?
Later bad code does not make earlier good code unavailable.

@_date: 2002-04-14 01:00:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Blacks Claim $2.7 Billion, Net $30 Million 
Further proof that IRS computers can't crossreference or check the
validity of even the simplest information.
As if that guy who submitted thousands of refunds and got millions back
hadn't already demonstrated this.
Apparently, you can put anything on the form, and it prints you a check.
IRS erroneously paid slavery credits
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Internal Revenue Service mistakenly paid out more
than $30 million to tax filers seeking nonexistent slavery tax credits in
2000 and 2001, according to a Treasury Department investigation.
A growing number of black taxpayers are being misled by scams falsely
claiming that, for a fee, they can get tax credits or refunds as
reparations for slavery. The scams are given credence when some taxpayers
actually get money.
The IRS received more than 77,000 tax returns last year claiming $2.7
billion in reparations refunds, up from 13,000 the year before. Last year,
the IRS discovered that some erroneous refunds were being issued but was
only partly effective in stopping them.
The Treasury inspector general for tax administration, David C. Williams,
said in Senate testimony this week that refunds of more than $80,000 were
issued "in some instances" to married couples when each spouse claimed the
reparations credit.

@_date: 2002-04-16 16:32:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Supremes Legalize Virtual Kiddieporn 
I'm sure the child sex whackos in Congress will immediately craft a new
law designed to pass Constitutional muster. Does this wipe out all those state laws which criminalize text?  How about that guy in Ohio who got 10 years for the naughty diary?

@_date: 2002-05-25 04:03:26
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: When Will Terror Videos be Banned 
The FBI currently has its shorts in a wad over the numerous Web sites
featuring the short but poignant last moments of Wall Street Journal
reporter Daniel Pearl.
Clearly, as our War on Terrorism(tm) progresses, it is not unlikely that
terrorists will kidnap and kill more Americans and email video clips of
their last twitches to the media, and it is not unlikely that various web
sites specializing in stomach-turning will place them online for public
Creation, sale, or possession of child porn is illegal.  Creation, sale,
or possession of depictions of animals being harmed in an illegal manner
is illegal as well.
It seems unlikely that creation, sale, or possession of depictions of
Americans being harmed in an illegal manner by political extremists will
remain legal for long.
When this happens, will this mean that the First Amendment is then
officially brain dead, and may be disconnected from life support, and
anything will be able to be banned, because "We're at War."
When the inevitable law is written, where will the ACLU and EFF stand?  Are they willing to take the heat and be labeled as supporters of
I bet if you polled the Sheeple today, they would be more than happy to
give life in prison to anyone who looks at the Pearl video and snickers

@_date: 2002-05-12 01:03:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
Declan opines:
The reason we have ready availability of credit in the first place is
because consumer debt is the most profitable business in the United

@_date: 2002-05-16 13:25:47
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Cow Obscenity and Pornography Prevention Act 
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. -- Taking aim at animal rights activists and
undercover reporters, the Missouri House has passed a measure that would
make it a crime to take pictures of animals in barns without an owner's
The ban would apply to still or motion pictures of farm animals in barns
or other areas where they are housed. Photographers could be sentenced to
up to one year in prison and a $1,000 fine.
The animal photography measure was added to a larger agriculture bill. It
now goes back to the Senate, which on Monday night had added a similar
provision to a House-passed bill.
Rep. Ken Legan, who sponsored the House amendment, said he doesn't approve
of photographers on a mission to expose the supposed evils of farming. His
amendment also would apply to animal-breeding facilities or any place that
houses animals for agricultural, business or research purposes.
"They'd like to come in and take pictures and say how bad it is when in
actuality (the animals) have never had it so good," Legan said.

@_date: 2002-06-29 19:23:09
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Cluelessness is Wrong 
"Anonymous" writes
And even if it isn't, you're going to say it anyway, aren't you?
Guess again.  All photons on my property are mine to decode and process as
I see fit.  By sending photons onto my property, you agree to these terms.
Well, this post to Cypherpunks is my work.  The conditions I put on it are
that by reading it, anyone named "Anonymous" agrees to serve me until the
end of time, transfer to me all their worldly goods, and permit me to
sacrifice their firstborn to Baal.
Like "Anonymous" here.
Unsolicited free gifts are mine to keep.  I just got some lovely address
labels from a paralyzed baby-killers organization.  I plan to use them on
my mail, and not send them a dime.  Anyone else who wants to send me free
stuff, including photons, is free to do so.  They won't get a cent either.
Copyright should be abolished.  If you don't want your secrets, or
artistic works, copied and shared, you are free to keep them in a vault in
your basement, for your sole enjoyment.

@_date: 2002-06-25 18:49:56
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: "Terror Reading" 
It was my understanding that libraries destroy records of patrons'
activity as soon as the books are returned.  Nonetheless, this is an
interesting Federal fishing expedition, with warrants issued by secret
courts, and criminal penalties for librarians who talk too much.
By CHRISTOPHER NEWTON
Associated Press Writer
June 25, 2002, 1:40 AM EDT
WASHINGTON -- Across the nation, FBI investigators are quietly visiting
libraries and checking the reading records of people they suspect of being
in league with terrorists, library officials say. The FBI effort,
authorized by the anti-terrorism law enacted after the Sept. 11 attacks,
is the first broad government check of library records since the 1970s,
when prosecutors reined in the practice for fear of abuses.
A Justice Department official in the civil rights division and FBI
officials declined to comment Monday, except to note that such searches
are now legal under the Patriot Act that President Bush signed last
Libraries across the nation were reluctant to discuss their dealings with
the FBI. The same law that makes the searches legal also makes it a
criminal offense for librarians to reveal the details or extent of the

@_date: 2002-07-24 03:53:23
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: William Pierce Dies of Cancer at 68 
Pierce made a lot of sense, if one ignored the politically incorrect
hyperbole in his writings.  It is ironic that Pierce died on the day
Zionist War Criminal Ariel Sharon described destroying an apartment
building full of civilians with a missile as "...in my view one of our
biggest successes."
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (July 23, 2002 6:52 p.m. EDT) - White supremacist leader
William Pierce, whose book "The Turner Diaries" is believed to have
inspired Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh, died Tuesday of cancer. He
was 68.
Pierce died at his compound in Mill Point, said his business manager, Bob
DeMarias. He became ill about three weeks ago and his kidneys failed,
DeMarias said.
The novel, which some have called a grisly blueprint for a bloody race
war, includes a chapter titled "Day of the Rope." It describes white
corpses hung from every street corner with placards reading, "I defiled my
FBI investigators said McVeigh was a fan of Pierce's book and used it as a
blueprint for bombing the Oklahoma City federal building in 1995. The book
includes a truck-bombing of FBI headquarters. The Oklahoma City bombing
wasn't the first violence that federal prosecutors linked to "The Turner
Diaries," which was published in 1978.
In 1985, 10 members of a supremacist group called The Order were convicted
of racketeering and other charges in Seattle. Among the crimes they were
accused of were armored-car robberies and the 1984 machine-gun slaying of
Jewish radio talk show host Alan Berg.
One witness testified that a defendant told him, "You should read it,
partner, it's all there. Everything that's going to happen is in 'The
Turner Diaries."'
Pierce led his group, the National Alliance, from a two-story steel
building on 400 acres deep in the Appalachians four hours southwest of
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups, estimated the
group makes more than $1 million a year, mainly through sales of white
power music and supremacist or neo-Nazi literature.
[The Southern Poverty Law Center was revealed in "Harpers" to be little
more than a group of money-grubbing Bible thumpers using racial animus as
a theme to solicit donations.
Harper's Magazine
November, 2000
The Church of Morris Dees
How the Southern Poverty Law Center profits from intolerance
by Ken Silverstein
"This is the major hate group in the United States. It's the most
organized, the best run and the wealthiest," said Mark Potok, editor of
the center's intelligence report on hate groups.
Recently, Pierce began using the Internet to promote his recording label,
Resistance Records - "The soundtrack for white revolution." In an
interview last July, Pierce, a former physics professor, said he hoped his
"long-term goal is to be the biggest distributor and producer of
resistance music in the world. We may be there now."
The Anti-Defamation League estimated last year that Resistance Records
received about 50 orders a day, with each order averaging $70. The league
won't say how it comes by its information, but Pierce had said the figures
were "not too far off." That would make gross revenues about $1.27 million
a year.
Potok said the National Alliance has experts in computers, Web site
design, video game technology, short-wave broadcasting and video
DeMarias said the group would continue to operate "as it did before."
Pierce's death is a significant development because the group has no clear
heir, Potok said.
"It seems quite likely that the group will be led essentially by committee
in the coming months. The problem for this group is that it is a group
that is built around a single man, William Pierce."

@_date: 2002-07-02 19:55:51
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: "to outlaw general purpose computers" 
If the government can outlaw the sale of TVs which do not have the
closed-caption feature, which do not tune UHF as easily as VHF, which do
not have Macrovision compliant AGC circuits, or countless other government
mandated features, what makes you think that computers could not be
required to be compliant with a similar laundry list?
Sure I can own and use use a "general purpose" TV which was manufactured
before the requirements, but it won't have a remote control, nor a high
contrast black matrix picture tube, nor a coax input, and it will take me
all afternoon to adjust the purity and convergence.  It will also weigh a
Almost all TVs in use today have the mandated features.  If analagous
features are mandated in computers, almost all computers in use will be
compliant within a period of a few years.  Sure I will be able to use an
antique "general purpose" computer, but it won't run the right software,
and it won't play current content.  Will most innumerate Sheeple bother?  Of course not.
Whem Moore's Law gives your wristwatch more computing power than all your
antique machines combined, you will haul them to the dump, just like your
neighbors are doing.
Such functionality will be placed in a dedicated chipset apart from the
microprocessor initially.  How many computers made 10 years ago are around
today?  How many made today will be around 10 years from now?

@_date: 2002-07-02 20:38:40
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
Roosevelt called an emergency session of congress to pass the Emergency
Banking Relief Act, an amendment to the Trading With the Enemy Act.  He
then seized the gold of all US citizens, compensating them at a rate of
twenty-some dollars an ounce.  Subsequently, he set an exchange rate for the dollar of $35 per ounce of
gold, and this revaluation of the government's new gold stocks wiped out
the national debt.
Where the President and Congress are concerned, "Emergency" is generally a
code word for "The Constitution is toilet paper."

@_date: 2002-07-09 17:07:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Which universe are we in? 
Time postulates:
The laws of physics, including the laws of quantum mechanics, are
symmetric with respect to the arrow of time, with occasional and rare
exceptions that are only apparent at high magnification.
if quantum mechanical ambiguity exists about the future, then it also
exists about the past.
As you measure the past by examining the record of it, you of course
collapse wavefunctions, and produce eigenstates of what you are measuring.  It is not necessary to assume the One True Past existed prior to those
measurments being made, simply because no measurements contradict.
This, of course, is the "hidden variable theory," in which we have a One
True Past, (and One True Future) as well, which evolves deterministically,
based in part on degrees of freedom which are by definition unobservable
by any experiment.
If this is true, we have no free will, and Stephen Wolfram's suspicion
that the universe contains only pseudorandomness produced by complex
deterministic mechanisms at a small scale holds true.
Still, Nature abhors overcomplexification, and plain old quantum mechanics
works just fine for predicting the results of experiments.
Nowhere does this imply that what was observed always existed in its
observed state prior to the measurement being made.

@_date: 2002-08-31 22:18:08
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: "Terror Suspect" Appears in Court 
After the Jim Bell and Carl Johnson festivities, I would imagine most
readers of this list have an above average ability to recognize bovine
effluent in the rantings of federal prosecutors, whose Chicken Little
bellowings about conspiracies and threats to public safety often bear
little resemblence to actual events.
"Illegally discharging firearms during a conspiracy"  The mind boggles.
Conspiracy is to defendants rights what goose droppings are to traction on
grass.  Ujaama lashes out at prosecutors in public hearing
Man accused of aiding al-Qaida to be transferred to Seattle jail
Saturday, August 31, 2002
By M.E. SPRENGELMEYER
SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE
ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- Terror suspect James Ujaama unleashed an angry outburst
in federal court yesterday during his first public court appearance since
being charged with conspiracy and weapons counts.
After weeks of being held in secret as a "material witness," the former
Seattle man wasted no time showing his disdain for Justice Department
prosecutors who filed the case Wednesday in Seattle.
"These guys have lied -- they've always lied," Ujaama said during a terse
exchange cut short by Magistrate Judge Barry Poretz.
During the 10-minute court appearance, a prosecutor read the charges
against Ujaama, then Poretz ordered the U.S. Marshal's Service to transfer
him from a Virginia jail to Seattle.
He is expected to be moved by Monday or Tuesday, although defense attorney
Greg Stambaugh said Ujaama would like to return to a jail in Seattle even
earlier if possible.
Ujaama stood quietly through most of the proceedings. He appeared gaunt
and unshaven, wearing a green jumpsuit marked "PRISONER" on the back.
After the routine business was done, Stambaugh complained to the judge
that a courthouse guard referred to Ujaama as "bin Laden boy," a reference
to al-Qaida terrorist leader Osama bin Laden.
Before being placed in isolation Thursday, Ujaama had been held among
other prisoners in the general population, and such a label could cause
Ujaama problems, Stambaugh said.
"Clearly, everybody is entitled to respect in this court," Poretz said.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Gordon Kromberg questioned whether the
name-calling actually happened, and alluded to Ujaama's repeated
complaints about his treatment in statements released through his attorney
and a family spokesperson.
"His client has repeatedly lied to the public before to manipulate the
public," Kromberg said. "It's not beyond the realm of possibility he's
lying again to manipulate the public."
That drew Ujaama's ire, and he asked the judge for permission to respond.
Poretz told him to talk to his attorney first, and then Ujaama spoke
loudly and angrily.
"These guys have lied -- they've always lied," Ujaama said. "For them to
refer to me as a liar when they've leaked material to the press ...."
Poretz interrupted, suggesting he speak through his attorney. Ujaama
remained quiet.
Outside the courtroom later, Stambaugh read a brief statement in which
Ujaama, 36, repeated his criticism of prosecutors:
"They literally kidnapped me using a material witness warrant. This is
further proof of what I've been saying all along: They are criminals
posing as 'statesmen.'"
Ujaama, who was arrested in Denver on July 22, is accused of providing
"training, facilities, computer services, safe houses and personnel" to
al-Qaida in a conspiracy to "destroy property and murder and maim persons
located outside the United States."
He also is accused of illegally discharging firearms as part of a
conspiracy, when he allegedly was scouting a training area for terrorists
at a property in Bly, Ore.
Kromberg said Ujaama could face up to life in prison for the conspiracy
charge, although Stambaugh said that would not be consistent with the
wording of the indictment.
During yesterday's appearance, Ujaama waived a routine identification
hearing, where prosecutors must show that the person named in the
indictment is the same as the person in custody.
The indictment refers to him by his birth name, James Ernest Thompson; the
name he took as a Muslim, Earnest James Ujaama; and aliases Bilal Ahmed,
Abu Samayya and Abdul Qaadir.

@_date: 2002-08-30 08:14:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Dead Bovine RC5?? 
The Bovine RC5 project on distributed.net has so far checked 86.742% of
the keyspace in 1,772 days, without finding the key.
Assuming that all values of the key are equally likely, it is perhaps time
to start thinking about the entertaining prospect that the entire keyspace
will be exhausted without a key being found.
This could happen if there were a bug in the client, a bug in the server,
or if people were spoofing blocks to the server, reporting them as
failures without having actually searched them for the key.
Let's let "eps" in [0,1] be the probability that something is screwed up
in the project which prevents the key from being located.  Let C in [0,1]
be the percentage of the keyspace that has been searched so far, and let F
in [0,1] be the probability that the project is F---ed, which we define as
the project continuing to completion without finding a key.
Obviously 1-eps is the probability that the software will find a key
somewhere, and after searching a C fraction of the keyspace, C*(1-eps) is
the probability that we will have declared victory and gone home, and
(1-C)*(1-eps)+eps is the probability that we are still chugging along.
Ergo, the probability that we will complete without finding a key, over
the probability that we are still in business after searching the fraction
C, becomes after some minor algebraic tweeking...
              F = eps/(1-C*(1-eps))
Let's look at this function for various degrees of completion of the
search, and various probabilities that the software is broken.
For eps = .01, a 1 in 100 chance that the software doesn't work, the
chances that the project is F---ed rachets up in the following manner as
more and more keyspace is searched without a successful conclusion.
                   % Searched     F---ed?
                   ----------     -------
                       86.742      7.0794
                       90          9.1743
                       95         16.807
                       99         50.251
                       99.9       90.992
                       99.99      99.02
                       99.999     99.901
After 99% of the keyspace is searched without finding a key, there is
about a 50-50 chance no key will be found, and if 99.9% of the keyspace is
searched with no key, we may say with 90% confidence that the project will
not end successfully.
For eps = .001, a 1 in 1000 chance that some horrible bug or vindictive
hacker has made an appearance, the table looks like this.
                   % Searched     F---ed?
                   ----------     -------
                       86.742     0.74936
                       90         0.99108
                       95         1.9627
                       99         9.0992
                       99.9      50.025
                       99.99     90.917
                       99.999    99.011
Now, we have to search 99.9% of the keyspace before we have a 50-50 chance
no key will be found at all, and 99.99% before we know that fact with 90%
And providing the project checked their code with sufficient sloppiness
that there is a 1 in 10 chance all the CPU spent so far has been wasted,
we have the following table.
                   % Searched     F---ed?
                   ----------     -------
                       86.742      45.595
                       90          52.632
                       95          68.966
                       99          91.743
                       99.9        99.108
                       99.99       99.91
                       99.999      99.991
Here we see they are almost to the point aleady where they are as likely
as not to fail, but we will still need 99% of the keyspace to be searched,
to be able to state that with over 90% confidence.
For a piece of software a complex as the RC5 client, and associated
keyblock server, I think 99% confidence that the software does not have a
major undiscovered bug is a comfortable upper bound.  This means that
there is less than a 10% chance that the project is screwed now, but
things will start to get interesting once we get into the high 90's in
terms of percentage keyspace search, if the key has still not been
I'm sure we'll all be watching with breathless anticipation as the
remaining keyspace is exhausted over the next few months.

@_date: 2002-08-07 18:16:20
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Deterministic Primality Testing in P 
In case anyone missed it, Manindra Agrawal and his colleagues at the
Indian Institute of Technology have published a paper
Which purports to give an O(log(n)^12) deterministic algorithm for
primality testing.
Someone on sci.math reports..
"Hendrik Lenstra just wrote to the Number Theory mailing list saying that
the proof is correct, clever and elegant; and it is elementary except for
one result from analytic number theory needed to establish the running
In other math news, there's a recent survey on the P vs NP Conjecture at
Of 100 theorists responding, 9 thought NP=P, 61 thought NP!=P, 22 had no
opinion, and 8 quibbled over what axiom system would be used.
The piece includes comments by many of the respondents, including Donald
E. Knuth.

@_date: 2002-08-20 00:53:51
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Startups, Bubbles, and Unemployment 
Tim philosophizes:
Such people can be greatly helped by giving them an hour of your time, and
repeating the words "but what's the product?" every 90 seconds as they are
trying to talk.
There's nothing fundamentally wrong with this approach, as long as you are
being paid to think about something, with no expectation that a product
will be produced or sold.
"We're young.  We're Cypherpunks.  Let's find a research firm with a pool,
tennis courts, and free Coke, and get the government to pay us for a few
years to think about the cryptographic software needs of the
Rehabilitation Services Administration."
Where this model fails is when people want you to pay them to sit around
the pool and think up some product that is going to put Intel and
Microsoft out of business and make everyone rich.  Of course, only people
with no clue think in such terms, or expect someone else to fund their
lifestyle while they sit around "thinking off" all day.
Nice work if you can get it.
And coasted for quite a long time on Ian Goldberg's reputation capital
before the petard exploded and hoisted them.  Of course, the fact that the
actual users of the service were saying things like "it's slow", "it
sucks", "it blows", might have been a great hint that it was not destined
to become the next AOL/Time Warner.
Some of the most exciting, stimulating software engineering projects you
can imagine are things no one in their right mind would ever want to buy.
Yet, it's startling how often "fun to work on" rises to the top of why a
project should be done.
As the VP for R&D at Boeing once put it, "This isn't Boeing University."
Most of my friends who are rich and retired now did it not by inventing
any wonder product.  They did it by taking any job that was secure and
paid reasonably well, living on a shoestring, putting their money into
rental properties, fixing them up, renting them out, and reselling them.
A few lived on a shoestring, and put all their money into Fidelity
Magellan before it was a household word, or put their money into stocks,
or whatever, but you get the idea.
After you're loaded, then you can tinker in your garage without having to
ask anyone to fund your hobby.
I worry when people with niche skills bemoan high unemployment in their
niche.  It's a very bad time for Applied Cryptographers, Smalltalk-80
programmers, Algol-68 compiler bug fixers, Lisp Machine operators, or
whatever, they whine.
Again, take any job that pays well.  Live on a shoestring.  Do something
reasonably intelligent with your money.
If someone wanders by who has the next wonder product already developed,
and people are beating a path to their door to buy it, by all means pick
up some stock pre-IPO.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with being a wealthy McDonalds franchisee
whose hobby is Applied Cryptography, instead of a poor unemployed Applied
To Summarize:
1.  Hobbies are things we do for fun.  Jobs are things we do because
    they provide the world with a necessary good or service.  Don't
    make the mistake of thinking the world owes you a job that is also
    your hobby.  It's nice, but it rarely happens.  2.  Take any job that pays well.  Live on a shoestring.  Do something
    intelligent with the leftover money.
3.  Invest some money in already developed products that look like they
    may become the Next Big Thing.
4.  Don't expect anyone to pay you to sit around and figure out what the
    Next Big Thing is going to be.

@_date: 2002-08-30 17:56:24
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Thwarting LE library fishing expeditions 
The question is whether a jury of properly trained Sheeple would convict
when the librarian was dragged into court, and accused of illegally
leaking information about an ongoing criminal investigation, putting
agents lives at risk, obstructing justice, having the same agenda as the
terrorists, etc.
The answer to this question is almost certainly "Yes," particularly in the
new nastier post-9/11 legal climate.
I certainly wouldn't want to be anywhere near the librarian who volunteers
to be the test case here.
A well-known Seattle Activist, the webmaster of  was
recently indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of having
"discussions" in 1998 related to the possible setting up of a training
camp in Oregon.  It is not alleged that he did anything, merely that he
"discussed," whatever that means, and several years before anyone
flattened any New York skyscrapers.
One can now get arrested and charged with a laundry list of "terrorist"
crimes for...
Having the same training as the terrorists
Having the same radio as the terrorists
Having links to terrorists
Having discussions years ago about things that are now considered linked
to terrorists
Soon to come, I expect...
Reading the same books as the terrorists
Being pissed at the same governments as the terrorists
Supporting the same social issues as the terrorists

@_date: 2002-08-31 02:17:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Cyberpunks: Seattle "Activist" Is Not an Innocent Webmaster 
Well good for you.  Do you post on Cypherpunks often?
I mentioned what charges he was being held on.  Before the charges, he was
simply being held at a federal gulag as a material witness, with nothing
being produced by the government that he could defend himself against.  The charges are an upgrade to his situation.
And you know this how?  Shouldn't the validity of such charges be
determined by a trial, or has Shrub changed the Constitution to permit
them to simply be stated as fact on the Internet by persons such as
You know, I really love this new form of character assassination, in which
a laundry list of people someone is allegedly "linked to" is recited, and
then their misdeeds are enumerated as if they were the deeds of the person
being smeared.
Perhaps someday we'll find who you're "linked to," Dr. Sanchez.
Officially, at least.  This is your second repetition of this Red Herring,
as I never stated that the charges involved the website.
I don't think your arguments are bolstered in the least by suggesting that
African-American males have a monopoly on criminal activity, are excused
their misdeeds because of their race, or are able to do nothing useful
without the support of affirmative action and other peoples tax dollars.
Or at the very least, visions of booting the Zionist Entity out of
According to the charges, all of the illegal discussions he is accused of
participating in years ago, relate to actions to be taken outside of the
United States in various conflicts involving the mistreatment of
indiginous Muslem populations.  I find it unlikely that an author of books
on entrepreneurship for poor inner-city kids, and an individual who has
worked hard to improve his community, secretly wishes to poison everyone
in it, regardless of his distaste for AmeriKKKan foreign policy.
This must be the Clinton-esque redefinition of "rights" as something
deserved not by all, but only by those who "work hard and play by the
I've always felt that if something is a "right," then it can't simply be
taken away if ones neighbors do not like ones politics.
Obedient little suckups rarely need their civil rights defended, and I am
more than happy to go on the record as defending the civil rights of Mr.  Ujaama, no matter how strongly you feel he shouldn't have any.
That's very non-Black non-affirmative-action non-taxpayer-funded of you.
Oh, and we're the "Cypherpunks."  The "Cyberpunks" are a different outfit. Thank-you for visiting.  Please come again.

@_date: 2002-09-15 20:00:21
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The War Against People Without Hangups 
Because Rep. Foley has "dirty" thoughts while thinking about little girls
on the Web, everyone else is going to have to pay.
Puritanism is the continual worry that someone, somewhere, is having a
nice feeling you don't approve of.
By DAVID CRARY
AP National Writer
September 15, 2002, 1:28 PM EDT
NEW YORK -- The photos on the Web sites portray no nudity and no sex, yet
men by the thousands pay to ogle them -- shots of preteen girls posing in
bikinis and halter tops.
Defended as free speech by some, such pictures are being blasted as a "fix
for pedophiles" by a congressman who is waging an uphill campaign to
banish them from the Internet.
The pool of photos is growing "at an unabated pace," said U.S. Rep. Mark
Foley, R-Fla.
Foley has authored a bill, now before the House Judiciary Committee,
intended to shut down the Web sites by outlawing "exploitive child
modeling." Even he concedes, however, that the measure has potential
loopholes, and anti-censorship groups say it would likely be struck down
as an unconstitutional infringement of free expression.
Foley isn't swayed by arguments that any abuse of child models could be
prosecuted under current laws. "Taking care of the problem after it occurs

@_date: 2002-09-15 19:51:35
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Imaginative Bitch Costs Moslems Medical Education 
If the hospital is receiving death threats, why aren't the people making
the threats tracked down and prosecuted?  Maybe the hospital should start
forwarding its email to shrub
It's like that tenured professor the state of Florida is trying to fire
for supporting the Palestinians instead of the Beanie-Headed Land
Grabbers.  I guess some death threats are more equal than others. By TIM REYNOLDS
Associated Press Writer
September 15, 2002, 12:41 PM EDT
MIAMI -- The Miami hospital where three Muslim medical students were
headed before they were detained in a 17-hour terror scare on a Florida
highway says they aren't welcome there anymore. The head of Larkin
Community Hospital said Sunday he had received more than 200 e-mails after
the incident, some of them threatening.
"Obviously, nothing is final," said Dr. Jack Michel, president and chief
executive officer of Larkin. "Our primary objective is to take care of
patients. I don't know how that could be done with all this media

@_date: 2002-09-11 19:41:07
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Nov-L: Noelle Bush arrested with drugs (fwd) 
Justice would be no Draconian drug penalities at all, rather than
subjecting the extended ruling aristocracy to the same unfair penalties as
the proles.
I mention this because it doesn't help the goal of getting rid of unfair
laws at all, if people can be made to cheer every time someone they don't
like runs afoul of one.
Jimmy Carter once suggested that a law was unfair of more than 50% of the
pain and suffering was caused by the law, and not by the act being
By this standard, we would have no laws at all against the casual use or
sale of marijuana, and less stringent laws against the use or sale of
almost everything else.  Heroin is much less addictive than nicotine, and
a good deal less poisonous too.  I don't see many driveby shootings over

@_date: 2002-09-11 18:38:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Airline Cancels Gay Mile-High Club Meeting 
Apparently, one isn't permitted to celebrate National Dented Imperialism
Day through any means that requires more than one individual to be in an
airplane bathroom at the same time.
FORT SMITH, Arkansas (CNN) -- A Northwest Airlines flight was diverted
Wednesday to Fort Smith, Arkansas, after the pilot reported a disturbance
involving passengers in the bathroom, federal officials said.
"Apparently a number of men had locked themselves in the bathroom," FBI
spokesman Brian Marshall said.
Crew members and other passengers acted to get the men out, federal law
enforcement officials said. Marshall said no one was injured.
Three men were held for questioning at the Fort Smith Regional Airport,
authorities said.
A senior Bush administration official, speaking on the condition of
anonymity, said the incident did not appear to be related to terrorism.
The official said the men are being questioned for "inappropriate
behavior," which he described as locking themselves inside a bathroom.
When the passengers would not leave the bathroom, the pilot decided to
divert the plane, the official said. No military jets escorted the plane
to the airport in Arkansas, he added.
Flight 979, an Airbus A320, was traveling from Memphis, Tennessee, to Las
Vegas, Nevada, with 94 passengers and five crew members when it was
diverted, the airline said.
Passengers were taken off the plane, and several police cars could be seen
around the plane on the tarmac.
The plane had departed Memphis at 8:45 a.m. CDT and was headed for
McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas.

@_date: 2002-09-07 06:55:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Wolfram on randomness and RNGs 
I bought a copy the day it came out.  It's an interesting read, but as far
as I can tell, contains nothing of startling import.  It contains not a
single proof.  It merely suggests that Cellular Automata are sufficiently
rich to model any physical process, and maybe someone, someday, will use
them for that purpose.
Then again, so are Turing Machines.
It's much like a book on Cosmology that goes on and on about how lovely
Riemannian Geometry is, and presents lots of beautiful pictures of
manifolds, but leaves it for others to actually figure out a way to use
Riemannian Geometry to model the interaction of geometry and matter.
The one test I usually apply to books is to ask what I can do after
reading them that I couldn't do before reading them.  After Wolfram's
book, I can write the Rule 30 RNG in a couple of lines of the programming
language of my choice.  Not a massive skills increment, but the book does
have some pretty pictures.  Definitely worth $48 if it's in your interest
area, but it's no "Godel, Escher, Bach."
Yes, but...
A cellular automaton consists of an array of cells in 1-1 correspondence
with the integers, and does a potentially infinite amount of computation
at each step.  It is not particularly striking that we can generate a
seemingly random sequence of bits using an open-ended amount of
computation between emitting each of them.
I get the impression Wolfram believes the universe is not random but
pseudo-random.  His measure of randomness is that there is no shorter
method of computing the random sequence than by running the CA that
generates it.
This gets into the whole descriptional or Kolmogorov complexity idea of
random strings being those that have no shorter description than
themselves.  As opposed to the type of randomness we imagine we get from
things like radioactive decay, which Wolfram no doubt secretly believes
are the result of small scale discrete processes as well.
We hashed some of this around in sci.math when the book came out, and someone mentioned that Wolfram was peddling Rule 30 at Crypto '85.
         Article Reference:  (Crypto '85)
         Article:  Cryptography with Cellular Automata
         Author:   Stephen Wolfram
While "A New Kind of Science" contains lots of new and original things,
what's new isn't original, and what's original isn't new.  That Wolfram is
less than candid in disclosing this, and according to some, does not
credit colleagues for their ideas which he borrows, makes the book less
than a stunning exposition of its subject matter.
There's even a 1993 post by Bruce Schneier in sci.crypt commenting on
Rule 30.
  [There is a known plaintext attack against these generators; see
   W. Meier and O. Staffelbach, "An Analysis of Pseudo-Random Sequence
   Generators by Cellular Automata," Advances in Cryptography--EUROCRYPT
   '91 Proceedings, Springer- Verlag, 1991, pp. 186-199.  The attack is
   quite efficient on a PC with values of n (widths of th CA) up to
   500.  Additionally, Paul Bardell proved that the output of a CA is
   identical to the output of a linear-feedback shift register, and is
   hence no more secure.  See: P.H. Bardell, "Analysis of Cellular
   Automata Used as Pseudorandom Pattern Generators," Proceedings of
   1990 International Test Conference, pp. 762-768.]
I'm also not convinced that the Rule 30 bitstream does not have a compact
discription, merely because Wolfram has so far failed to discover one.

@_date: 2002-09-21 17:25:31
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Random Privacy 
Uh, excuse me?!
I can see how such an idea works if you add a random variable with a known
mean to the data.  A researcher could do this before storing the data, in
order to protect the confidentiality of individual respondents, and still
be able to compute aggregate statistics.
However, if you XOR a bit with a random bit, you have something equally
likely to be in either state.  Even a large collection of yes/no responses
XORed with random bits is indistinguishable from random data.
So I am afraid I must give the prior message my coveted "Silliest Thing
Said On the Internet This Week" award.

@_date: 2002-11-22 06:03:21
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Onion Self-Censorship 
Color me dumb, but when I read the article, I assumed it was an satirical
op-ed piece that The Onion had gotten Michael Bay to write for them.
Even outrageous humor magazines do not generally fail to distinguish
comedy articles written by famous people for the magazine, from parodies
written by their own staff writers.
If I pick up a copy of "Hustler," for instance, I can tell that a Poem by
Charles Bukowski was in fact written by Charles Bukowski, and a liquor ad
in which Jerry Falwell celebrates losing his virginity to his mother in an
outhouse was not written by Jerry Falwell.
If Hustler started publishing its own poems as the work of Charles
Bukowski, he would no doubt be displeased, (well, actually he's been dead
a long time) but you get my point.
Do we actually know that Michael Bay didn't write this article, and have
second thoughts about it afterwards?  I suppose he probably didn't, and it
was dumb of The Onion not to alter the spelling of his name, or do one of
the other common things used to alert the reader that parody mode is being
I know I'd probably be pissed if I found an article in The Onion being
passed off as something I had written, and my inbox started filling up
with hate mail from people who didn't know the difference.

@_date: 2002-11-20 05:22:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: 17 Cypherpunks subscribers on watch list, Project Lookout 
Tim Spoofs:
This of course is not a true tale, but an incredible simulation to make a
The real danger, however, lies not in a "watch list," but in the
government's desire for a massive computer system which will link every
single bit of computer accessible information on every individual for
instant access, from credit files, to tax records, to web pages and Usenet
posts, to insults hurled at you by various vigilante groups.
The earth currently has a population of just slightly over six billion
people.  This means that a 200 gigabyte drive can store 256 bits of
information on every single person on the planet, and you can hold it in
the palm of your hand, and use it for any devious purpose you can
Supercomputers are just about to reach, and then surpass, human brain
equivalent capacity in both OPS and memory.  A few more years, and these
supercomputers will be desktops.
OPS and bits have simply become so cheap, that everyone on the planet can
potentially have instant access to everything everyone else on the planet
has ever publicly said or done, grepped and condensed anyway they like,
before dealing with anyone.
Libertopians are hardly likely to want any legal restrictions on freedom
of choice in business or personal dealings, or in the free market trade in
publicly accessible information about citizens, so few limits are likely
to be placed on the inevitable march of this technology.
There are companies that now hire only non-smokers.  In the future, this
could just as easy become never-smoked, never used drugs, had a perfect
attendance record in the Gubmint School, and never criticized the
President. Try to board a plane, and get told, "I'm sorry, but Homeland Airlines
doesn't carry people who wrote an essay like the one you turned into your
10th grade teacher on such and such 15 years ago."
Brinworld on steroids.

@_date: 2002-11-20 17:01:14
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Onion Self-Censorship 
Cable News is reporting that the Onion, America's Finest News Source, has
pulled from its Web site an article on the recent siege at the Moscow
theatre by Chechen rebels.
Does anyone have a copy of the article they could post?  I'd like to see
what sorts of comments about "terrorism" are unacceptable to publish, even
as parody.

@_date: 2003-01-30 00:42:17
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Re: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
Uh, no.  I followed science very closely during the Eisenhower
administration, and I remember no mention of a "National Mechanical Brain"
Tim is likely spoofing us again.

@_date: 2003-01-15 20:06:37
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Pete Townshend and Pee-Wee 
Remember that age verification service which got busted a few years back
when the feds managed to convince a jury that the owners were the "madams
of a child porn bordello," based on two overseas sites which featured
illegal material?
Well, after managing to entrap a few hundred US citizens into ordering KP
from the feds, the feds are now grepping the list of 250,000 customers by
country, and shipping the data off to other nations so that they may
attempt to lure their own citizens as well.
In the UK, this is of course the currently being reported on "Operation
Ore" which is nailing pervy brits right and left, including Who musician
Pete Townshend.
In the US, the distortion continues full speed, with the age verification
service still being referred to as "The World's Largest Child Porn Ring",
with "250,000 child porn customers" paying millions for "pay per view"
access to "over 6000" sites featuring pictures of "babies being raped,"
which is a small part of the "insatiable demand" for the" child sexual
abuse pictures" featured on "over 100,000 web sites", or so Connie Chung
tells us.
Well, at least it makes being in the age verification business exciting.
In the midst of all this frivolity, the Village Voice has written a very
intelligent article on the current charges against Paul Reubens, aka Pee
Wee Herman, which apparently stem from an occasional minor featured in his
vintage collection of 1960's muscle magazines, and a few grainy possible
underage males in his now meticulously combed through collection of
antique 8mm gay porn.
The Village Voice: Features: Richard Goldstein: Persecuting Pee Wee
All this, and a dead Echols too.  It's been quite a week. :)

@_date: 2003-01-10 01:40:16
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: It's Baaaaaaaaaaaaack 
I probably should have highlighted this with more than an "Oh my" at the
end of the exerpt, but the point of the quote was to poke some fun at the
legendary ability of the British IT Press to get breaking computer stories
almost totally wrong.
Unless there are developments I don't yet know about, Neo was working on
the RSA Challenge, which has nothing to do with Microsoft, and Neo hasn't
factored anything yet.
Sorry for any confusion.

@_date: 2003-02-25 04:50:36
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Weizmann Institute Sets "Guinness Record" 
The Weizmann Institute has done it again.  Written yet another press
release, that is.
I wasn't even aware Guinness had a record for the smallest biological
computing device.  Have the Guinness people even heard of the Weizmann
people?  One wonders.
In any case, they claim that two spoonfuls of their latest goo is a 600
TeraOP DNA computer.  I'll be more impressed when they port Linux.
REHOVAT, Israel, Feb. 24 (UPI) -- The latest entry in the Guinness Book of
World Records for smallest biological computing device is a microscopic
gadget composed of DNA and enzymes that not only reads DNA for data but
uses it as fuel.
Israeli scientists reported Monday that just two spoonfuls could hold up
to 30 million billion of such molecular computers, which could perform
about 660 trillion operations per second -- nearly 20 times as many as
Japan's Earth Simulator, the most powerful supercomputer now active.
"The long-term goal is to eventually create autonomous, programmable
molecular computing devices that can operate in vivo, eventually inside
the human body, and function as 'doctors in a cell,'" researcher Ehud
Shapiro, a computer scientist at the Weizmann Institute of Science, told
United Press International.
By detecting biochemical anomalies, the micro-computers could consult
"their programmed medical knowledge to direct the synthesis and delivery
of biomolecules that serve as drugs," Shapiro explained.
DNA stores both information -- in the form of the genetic code in humans

@_date: 2003-02-10 20:00:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Trap guns, black baggers, and "Arlington Road" 
Coincidentally, the news this morning reports on a home invasion in which
a homeowner shot dead two of three members of an assault team that smashed
into his condo and began firing.
Details on the identities of the perps are being withheld from the news
media pending further "investigation."
Resident kills 2 condo intruders
By Bill Miller
Star-Telegram Dallas Bureau
DALLAS - Gunfire erupted early Thursday morning when three men armed with
pistols burst into a north Dallas condominium. Two of the intruders died
when a resident returned fire, police said.
Details were sketchy Thursday as Dallas homicide detectives investigated
the shooting at the Kensington Square Apartments in the 15800 block of
Knoll Trail Drive, just east of the North Dallas Tollway.
Detectives said they were not yet ready to release the names of the people
involved, only that the incident began around 9 a.m. in a condo that was
occupied by the 29-year-old man, his wife and their three children.

@_date: 2003-02-10 18:47:30
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: The Space Shuttle's Secret Military Mission 
The article is total nonsense.  For instance, Americium-242 has a half
life of 150 years, and decays through isomeric transition.  It looks like disinformation trawled under the nose of
 so that if they ever publish anything which
pisses off "They Who Can Not Be Criticized," the article can be pointed to
as an example of idiocy which has appeared on the site.

@_date: 2003-02-03 17:45:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Shuttle Humor 
You are overanalyzing.  It was parody.  No one blew anything up.  There was a burn through on the left wing.
We now return you to your regular programming.

@_date: 2003-02-01 00:50:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Life Sentence for Medical Marijuana? 
The Feebs are crowing over their latest victory, having just obtained a
conviction against a medical marijuana grower for the city of Oakland.
The individual was of course prohibited from any mention at his trial
of medical marijuana, that he was growing the stuff legally under a
1996 state law, or any other mitigating factors.    "There is no such thing as medical marijuana," said     Richard Meyer, a DEA spokesman. "We're Americans     first, Californians second."
Actually, I think that should be "Assholes First."

@_date: 2003-02-01 22:10:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Shuttle Humor 
PRICELESS
           ---------
Zionist Entity air force training:          $750,000
Unprovoked attack on another country's
nuclear installation:                       $350,000
Bribes to US Congressmen to promote "Zionist in Space" program:               $1,250,000
The look on your fellow astronauts'
faces right before the grenade you are
holding explodes --                        PRICELESS
There are some things money can't buy, for everything else there's

@_date: 2003-02-01 22:10:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Shuttle Humor 
PRICELESS
           ---------
Zionist Entity air force training:          $750,000
Unprovoked attack on another country's
nuclear installation:                       $350,000
Bribes to US Congressmen to promote "Zionist in Space" program:               $1,250,000
The look on your fellow astronauts'
faces right before the grenade you are
holding explodes --                        PRICELESS
There are some things money can't buy, for everything else there's

@_date: 2003-02-25 05:09:54
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Why Spammers Should Be SLOWLY Tortured to Death 
============================== START ==============================
It seems some spammer has decided to use my email address as his return
address, and I am now getting his bounce messages.
Am I uniquely blessed with this problem, or is this some new way for
spammers to ensure they are hated even more than serial child molesters
and terrorists.
I think this really crosses the line into blatant illegality, and is a
racheting up of spammer scumminess way beyond simply trying to evade
filters with P'E'N'I'S and gratuitous HTML in the middle of suspicious

@_date: 2003-06-20 00:38:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: (Bald) Weenies at Amnesty International 
Turns out the scumbags at Amnesty International have decided to call for
the Canadian government to investigate and charge Ernst Zundel for not
kowtowing to the official version of "The Holocaust(tm)" as promulgated by
the ADL.
Zundel has been sitting in jail in Canada after being booted out of the US
at the behest of the Neocons in the state department for missing an
imigration hearing that was never scheduled.  Canada is trying to deport
him to Germany, as a "national security threat," where he may be
persecuted under German anti-free speech laws.
Amnesty has also issued a statement saying that it is their policy that
they will "not adopt people imprisoned for 'hate speech' as prisoners of
conscience."  Well, that certainly covers a lot of territory, doesn't it.
Figuring out what country and what group of people try to get all
criticism of their conduct labeled as "hate speech" will be left as an
exercise for the reader.

@_date: 2003-06-23 19:29:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Senators from Utah being Southern 
There are two ways of modeling the Universe.  One can build it from lots
of copies of the null set, or one can take the undifferentiated whole, and
subdivide it into countless fragments in equilibrium with each other in
various complex ways.
Religions are essentially collections of stories about the latter method
of modeling, created for people who can't do the math, and who have never
bothered to wonder why all the choirs of angels form such neat little
God is the thing you have before you start chopping it up.  God is the
abstraction that has everything in the universe as a possible instance.  Archangels are chunks of a coarse partition of God.  We are chunks of a
fine partition of God.
Mormons make perfect employees.  They are always bathed, well-dressed,
hard-working, self-reliant, well-educated, respectful of your authority,
and they hardly ever mention that after they die, they hope to rule over
other planets in physical bodies, and have a wonderful sex life.
Then again, they'll put their teenage children in a mental institution in
a heartbeat for defying them, or acting gay.
Mormons are the true Stepford citizen units.  Perfect on the outside,
dangerous on the inside.
The Nephilim are a fun bunch.  The whole universe is inside you, Grasshopper.

@_date: 2003-07-22 21:31:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [IP] Gilmore bounced from plane; and Farber  censors    Gilmore's 
The other 300 people on the plane had their flight delayed by the actions
of the carrier, not by the actions of Gilmore.
You are falling for the usual mental trap here of viewing authority as
some sort of inviolate physical law, and transferring responsibilty onto
the victim for "making them do it."
You should watch that in the future. I mean, a 1 inch button, for Christ's sake.  They must have had to use a
magnifying glass to read the slogan.

@_date: 2003-07-22 21:31:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [IP] Gilmore bounced from plane; and Farber  censors    Gilmore's 
The other 300 people on the plane had their flight delayed by the actions
of the carrier, not by the actions of Gilmore.
You are falling for the usual mental trap here of viewing authority as
some sort of inviolate physical law, and transferring responsibilty onto
the victim for "making them do it."
You should watch that in the future. I mean, a 1 inch button, for Christ's sake.  They must have had to use a
magnifying glass to read the slogan.

@_date: 2003-07-22 21:31:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [IP] Gilmore bounced from plane; and Farber  censors    Gilmore's 
The other 300 people on the plane had their flight delayed by the actions
of the carrier, not by the actions of Gilmore.
You are falling for the usual mental trap here of viewing authority as
some sort of inviolate physical law, and transferring responsibilty onto
the victim for "making them do it."
You should watch that in the future. I mean, a 1 inch button, for Christ's sake.  They must have had to use a
magnifying glass to read the slogan.

@_date: 2003-07-22 21:31:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [IP] Gilmore bounced from plane; and Farber  censors 
The other 300 people on the plane had their flight delayed by the actions
of the carrier, not by the actions of Gilmore.
You are falling for the usual mental trap here of viewing authority as
some sort of inviolate physical law, and transferring responsibilty onto
the victim for "making them do it."
You should watch that in the future. I mean, a 1 inch button, for Christ's sake.  They must have had to use a
magnifying glass to read the slogan.

@_date: 2003-07-26 17:44:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Dead Body Theatre 
Much as conservatives refer to everyone who can see through their
propaganda better than Joe Sixpack as "The Elite."  Variations include
"The Hollywood Elite", "The University Elite", etc.
Conservatives fear anyone with a longer memory and better critical
thinking skills than your average dumbass American hayseed, programmed in
the Guv'ment School, with his 9th grade reading and his 4th grade math.
It comes from work.  Back when I was but a tiny Thaumaturge, home
ownership was within the reach of virtually everyone in AmeriKKKa.  An
entire household full of people could be supported on the income of a
single adult working virtually any full time job.  Leasure time and
recreation were abundant.  The Sheeple were happy sheep.
Fast forward to today, where a barely comfortable living requires every
adult member of a household to work somewhere over full time at some sort
of skilled occupation, one paycheck away from the street.
It's the time-honored algorithm for optimizing the speed of an assembly
line.  You speed up the line until the error rate becomes unacceptable,
and then back off by epsilon.  If the workers are wheezing, with their
tongues hanging dangerously close to the gears, who cares.  There are
hungry people standing in line to replace anyone who can't take it.
Apply this algorithm to macroeconomic variables, during a loud propaganda
campaign promoting "productivity," and you have essentially what was done
to the US economy starting with the ascension of the Conservatives to
power in 1980.
The US spent the Soviet Union into bankrupcy, and rebuilt a military force
that can threaten any nation in the world, not because of Manifest
Destiny, but by working its citizens harder than any other decent nation
was willing to do.  Citizens too dumb to understand that economic control
of a population is not morally superior to control at the point of a gun.
And through the miracle of Fractional Reserve Banking, while the Proles
toiled, a small privileged segment of the population became fabulously
wealthy during the same period, for doing, as Anne Robinson would say,
"Absolutely Nothing."

@_date: 2003-07-26 03:02:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Dead Body Theatre 
If it turns out that Shrub killed two ordinary Iraqis, claimed they were
Saddam's sons, and then had army morticians make them up to resemble
Saddam's sons, he will be laughed out of office.
I've always said that you have to talk to people in the language they
understand, and that the only language the American people understand is
dead Americans.
Indeed, Bush makes a mockery of the UN, and launches a war of aggression
against Iraq, based on a Weapons of Mass Destruction soap opera conducted
in the media, and the American people approve.
American soldiers set up check points, and fire at families in cars trying
to flee to safer areas, blowing the heads off babies, and the American
people approve.
Bush slaughters thousands of Iraqis on his way to Baghdad, who are only
trying to defend their country again outside invaders, and the American
people approve.
The Iraqis resist by killing a couple Americans a day for a few weeks, and
Bush's approval rating drops 2 points a day.  Almost half the American
public say going to Iraq wasn't worth the cost.
Americans are finally being talked to in the language they understand.
If the Iraqis kill 5 American soldiers a day for 2 months, it will cost
Bush the election.  If they manage a mass hosing, comparable to the
bombing of the Marine barracks in Saudi Arabia, Bush will be impeached. If
they should manage to kill a few tens of thousands of American soldiers
out of the 147,000 currently serving in Iraq, mobs of angry American
parents will attack and burn the White House to the ground, and feed Shrub
and his entire family feet first into a compost shredder.
Again, it's just a matter of talking to people in the only language they

@_date: 2003-07-26 03:02:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Dead Body Theatre 
If it turns out that Shrub killed two ordinary Iraqis, claimed they were
Saddam's sons, and then had army morticians make them up to resemble
Saddam's sons, he will be laughed out of office.
I've always said that you have to talk to people in the language they
understand, and that the only language the American people understand is
dead Americans.
Indeed, Bush makes a mockery of the UN, and launches a war of aggression
against Iraq, based on a Weapons of Mass Destruction soap opera conducted
in the media, and the American people approve.
American soldiers set up check points, and fire at families in cars trying
to flee to safer areas, blowing the heads off babies, and the American
people approve.
Bush slaughters thousands of Iraqis on his way to Baghdad, who are only
trying to defend their country again outside invaders, and the American
people approve.
The Iraqis resist by killing a couple Americans a day for a few weeks, and
Bush's approval rating drops 2 points a day.  Almost half the American
public say going to Iraq wasn't worth the cost.
Americans are finally being talked to in the language they understand.
If the Iraqis kill 5 American soldiers a day for 2 months, it will cost
Bush the election.  If they manage a mass hosing, comparable to the
bombing of the Marine barracks in Saudi Arabia, Bush will be impeached. If
they should manage to kill a few tens of thousands of American soldiers
out of the 147,000 currently serving in Iraq, mobs of angry American
parents will attack and burn the White House to the ground, and feed Shrub
and his entire family feet first into a compost shredder.
Again, it's just a matter of talking to people in the only language they

@_date: 2003-07-26 03:02:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Dead Body Theatre 
If it turns out that Shrub killed two ordinary Iraqis, claimed they were
Saddam's sons, and then had army morticians make them up to resemble
Saddam's sons, he will be laughed out of office.
I've always said that you have to talk to people in the language they
understand, and that the only language the American people understand is
dead Americans.
Indeed, Bush makes a mockery of the UN, and launches a war of aggression
against Iraq, based on a Weapons of Mass Destruction soap opera conducted
in the media, and the American people approve.
American soldiers set up check points, and fire at families in cars trying
to flee to safer areas, blowing the heads off babies, and the American
people approve.
Bush slaughters thousands of Iraqis on his way to Baghdad, who are only
trying to defend their country again outside invaders, and the American
people approve.
The Iraqis resist by killing a couple Americans a day for a few weeks, and
Bush's approval rating drops 2 points a day.  Almost half the American
public say going to Iraq wasn't worth the cost.
Americans are finally being talked to in the language they understand.
If the Iraqis kill 5 American soldiers a day for 2 months, it will cost
Bush the election.  If they manage a mass hosing, comparable to the
bombing of the Marine barracks in Saudi Arabia, Bush will be impeached. If
they should manage to kill a few tens of thousands of American soldiers
out of the 147,000 currently serving in Iraq, mobs of angry American
parents will attack and burn the White House to the ground, and feed Shrub
and his entire family feet first into a compost shredder.
Again, it's just a matter of talking to people in the only language they

@_date: 2003-07-26 02:44:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Dead Body Theatre 
While the replacement of the US/Iraq war with Shrub and Saddam in a barbed
wire steel cage on Pay Per View with Vince McMahon announcing is an
appealing idea, I think it is a bit premature to leap to the conclusion
that this is the road map the US is following.
The logic behind sparing heads of state, even though they are technically
in the military chain of command, has to do with their utility during
post-war reconstruction, and not incurring the eternal hate of the
conquered enemy's civilian population.  That is why the US spared Emperor
Hirohito when reorganizing Japan, for instance.
The ability of the US to fight low-casuality war has transformed war into
an art akin to corporate raiding.  It permits the US to invade any
country, destroy the military infrastructure at little or no cost in
American lives, and leave the country's proles and natural resources
undamaged to be exploited by their new Imperialist masters.  If in the end
it can be claimed that the people are better off than they were before,
even if their previous misfortune was due entirely to US economic
sanctions, then it can be declared that the war was "Justified."
Of course, this just demonstrates that power is ultimately wielded by the
people with the best weapons, even as those same people lull the rest of
the world into thinking there is something called "international law,"
while they arm themselves to the teeth.
Fortunately, there has never been a weapons system in the history of the
world that ultimately didn't cost less to destroy than it did to
Force is always beaten by force plus brains, and I am sure the other
nations of the world are looking at the US and madly seeking to construct
a credible deterrent.  The window of absolute US military superiority will
last 2-3 years at best.  "What the world really needs is a fifty dollar
weapon that sinks aircraft carriers" isn't just a witty .sigfile quote.
North Korea really has the right idea here.  The US threatens sanctions,
they respond - "Our nuclear missiles can hit any target in the US.  Sanctions are an act of war."  The US threatens a blockade, they respond -
"Our nuclear missiles can hit any target in the US.  Blockades are an act
of war." This is really the correct method of dealing with the US, and
nations like Iraq are stupid to keep capitulating in the expectation that
it will postphone an already decided upon attack.  The United Nations
should know better than to be continuously baited into playing this game
as well.
The point is, of course, that this isn't some new kind of war where the
Bush family fights the Hussein family to spare civilians on both sides.  This is George W. Bush thinking his security is so impenetrable that he
can send his soldiers to kill the opposition leader's family, and drag
their bodies around in front of cameras, without having to worry in the
slightest that he or his family will experience retaliation in kind.
Of course, to paraphrase Doctor Who, the word "impenetrable" sounds far too much like the word "unsinkable."

@_date: 2003-07-24 16:16:30
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
I just noticed all news channels on the boob tube are showing endless
repetitions of what the US alleges are the dead bodies of Saddam Hussein's
We all know how easy it is to make realistic fake pictures now that
everything is digital, so I was thinking what a cool hack it would be to
Photoshop some similar pictures of the Bush daughters, and post them on
the Internet for everyone to enjoy.
Now that the new standard for pre-emptive war is to murder the legitimate
leader of another sovereign nation and his entire family, an "artist's
rendering" of Shrub reaping what he sows would surely be an excellent
political statement.

@_date: 2003-08-02 08:23:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Hackers Bypass 4th Amendment 
OK - Here's a really dumb decision which shows how willing the courts are
to shred the Constitution.  Just to make sure that Puritans don't have to
worry that someone, somewhere, is looking at a picture of someone under
18, and touching themselves improperly.
Apparently, criminals can break into your home, and look for evidence of
illegal activity and thoughtcrime, and if they find it or even plant it
themselves, they can give it to the police, not be prosecuted for breaking
in, and it can be used as evidence against you.  No problem with obtaining
those pesky search warrants from the handy rotary tear-off dispenser in
the Judge's chambers any more.  No indeed.
Judges OK evidence from hacker vigilante
By Lisa M. Bowman
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
August 1, 2003, 10:22 AM PT
 [Comments in [] are mine.  -emc]
A federal appeals panel ruled this week that the government did not
violate search and seizure laws when it used evidence that a hacker
gathered to establish a child pornography case.
The opinion reverses a lower court ruling in which a U.S. District Court
judge in Virginia suppressed the evidence, saying the government had
violated a defendant's rights.
The decision stems from a case in which a hacker uploaded a file to a
child porn newsgroup that made it possible to track who downloaded files
from the service. The uploaded file contained the SubSeven virus, which
the hacker used to remotely search people's computers for porn.
 [Notice how the claims by the "hacker" are reported as fact here.  For  all we know, the hacker could have broken into the computer, and  planted the alleged child porn himself.  Once the hacker had access,  the PC was no longer under the exclusive control of the owner, and I  don't see how he could be prosecuted for anything on it.
 It's not like these child porn crusaders don't lie.  Mike Echols lied
 about child porn for years, and through the posting of his list of the
 personal information of those he falsely claimed were child pornographers
 on yet another Web hosting service, by the remnants of his sham
 organization, he continues to lie from beyond the grave.
 History has proven that Lying Feminist Cunts and Religious Nutballs  will do anything to silence their critics, including planting porn on
 their computers.  How dumb and naive can the courts be?]
The hacker then played the role of a cybervigilante, sending anonymous
tips to law enforcement officials that alerted them to child porn files
the hacker had found on people's PCs.
 [Again, the files the hacker "claimed" to have found on peoples PCs,  but which in reality, could have been planted because the hacker didn't
 like the subject's public comments about Vigilante Hackers, Bon-Bon  Munching Holsteins, and other loathesome creatures.]
The attorneys for one of the men nabbed in the hacker's sting sued,
saying that the hacker was acting as an agent of the government and
therefore needed a warrant before conducting a search of someone's
computer. A federal court judge ruled that the government had indeed
violated the man's Fourth Amendment rights protecting him from
unreasonable search and seizure.
 [This certainly seems to be the correct interpretation of the law.]
However, an appellate panel of the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed that decision because, among other things, most of the major
exchanges between law enforcement and the hacker took place after he had
searched the man's computer. As a result, the judges said, the government
had not established a relationship with the hacker prior to his search
that would have made him an agent of the government.
"In order to run afoul of the Fourth Amendment, therefore, the
government must do more than passively accept or acquiesce in a
private party's search efforts," the judges wrote. "Rather there must
be some degree of government participation in the private search."
However, the appellate judges warned that law enforcement "operated
close to the line" in the case.
 [This is clearly bullshit.  We are now privatizing illegal searching,  as long as the vigilante group doesn't run to the police until after
 they break into your home and discover/plant evidence?  Someone needs
 to confiscate these judges' crack pipes.]

@_date: 2003-08-02 08:23:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Hackers Bypass 4th Amendment 
OK - Here's a really dumb decision which shows how willing the courts are
to shred the Constitution.  Just to make sure that Puritans don't have to
worry that someone, somewhere, is looking at a picture of someone under
18, and touching themselves improperly.
Apparently, criminals can break into your home, and look for evidence of
illegal activity and thoughtcrime, and if they find it or even plant it
themselves, they can give it to the police, not be prosecuted for breaking
in, and it can be used as evidence against you.  No problem with obtaining
those pesky search warrants from the handy rotary tear-off dispenser in
the Judge's chambers any more.  No indeed.
Judges OK evidence from hacker vigilante
By Lisa M. Bowman
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
August 1, 2003, 10:22 AM PT
 [Comments in [] are mine.  -emc]
A federal appeals panel ruled this week that the government did not
violate search and seizure laws when it used evidence that a hacker
gathered to establish a child pornography case.
The opinion reverses a lower court ruling in which a U.S. District Court
judge in Virginia suppressed the evidence, saying the government had
violated a defendant's rights.
The decision stems from a case in which a hacker uploaded a file to a
child porn newsgroup that made it possible to track who downloaded files
from the service. The uploaded file contained the SubSeven virus, which
the hacker used to remotely search people's computers for porn.
 [Notice how the claims by the "hacker" are reported as fact here.  For  all we know, the hacker could have broken into the computer, and  planted the alleged child porn himself.  Once the hacker had access,  the PC was no longer under the exclusive control of the owner, and I  don't see how he could be prosecuted for anything on it.
 It's not like these child porn crusaders don't lie.  Mike Echols lied
 about child porn for years, and through the posting of his list of the
 personal information of those he falsely claimed were child pornographers
 on yet another Web hosting service, by the remnants of his sham
 organization, he continues to lie from beyond the grave.
 History has proven that Lying Feminist Cunts and Religious Nutballs  will do anything to silence their critics, including planting porn on
 their computers.  How dumb and naive can the courts be?]
The hacker then played the role of a cybervigilante, sending anonymous
tips to law enforcement officials that alerted them to child porn files
the hacker had found on people's PCs.
 [Again, the files the hacker "claimed" to have found on peoples PCs,  but which in reality, could have been planted because the hacker didn't
 like the subject's public comments about Vigilante Hackers, Bon-Bon  Munching Holsteins, and other loathesome creatures.]
The attorneys for one of the men nabbed in the hacker's sting sued,
saying that the hacker was acting as an agent of the government and
therefore needed a warrant before conducting a search of someone's
computer. A federal court judge ruled that the government had indeed
violated the man's Fourth Amendment rights protecting him from
unreasonable search and seizure.
 [This certainly seems to be the correct interpretation of the law.]
However, an appellate panel of the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed that decision because, among other things, most of the major
exchanges between law enforcement and the hacker took place after he had
searched the man's computer. As a result, the judges said, the government
had not established a relationship with the hacker prior to his search
that would have made him an agent of the government.
"In order to run afoul of the Fourth Amendment, therefore, the
government must do more than passively accept or acquiesce in a
private party's search efforts," the judges wrote. "Rather there must
be some degree of government participation in the private search."
However, the appellate judges warned that law enforcement "operated
close to the line" in the case.
 [This is clearly bullshit.  We are now privatizing illegal searching,  as long as the vigilante group doesn't run to the police until after
 they break into your home and discover/plant evidence?  Someone needs
 to confiscate these judges' crack pipes.]

@_date: 2003-08-06 08:18:13
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Trouble at HavenCo? 
What if all things computable are computable in polynomial time?

@_date: 2003-08-05 23:24:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Teen arrested at Logan for alleged sarcasm in his bag 
Sunder posts:
  Teen_arrested_at_Logan_for_alleged_bomb_threat_in_his_bag+.shtml
Not every sentence containing the word "bomb" is a bomb threat.  Apparently this concept is lost upon the cretins guarding our airports.
While this kid is probably screwed for using the B-word, one wonders what
the boundary is that one has to cross with a note in ones luggage to get
For instance, which of these sentences, written on a note in ones luggage,
would get one arrested and/or booted off a flight.
      "Don't wrinkle my clothes, you minimum wage douchebag"
      "Bush lied to start a war"
      "R.I.P. First Amendment"
      "There is only one God, and Mohammad is his Prophet"
      "Hang Israeli War Criminal Ariel Sharon"
      "The 9/11 Martyrs are in Paradise"
      "Proud NAMBLA Member since 1979"
      "John Walsh is an expert on everything, except watching
       his kid at the mall"
      "Death to AmeriKKKa"
      "Free Jim Bell"
      "What the world really needs is a fifty dollar weapon that
       sinks aircraft carriers"
      "Founding Member, Aryan Nations"
      "Support Strong Crypto"
Perhaps John Gilmore, in his copious free time, could place these one by one in his gym bag, and report back on the results. :)

@_date: 2003-08-06 01:17:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Year in Jail for Web Links 
Duncan Frissell opines:
The problem here is that if you have a family and assets and
responsibility and something resembling a future, you cannot afford to be
the 1 in 100 who refuses to plea bargain, because the government has the
vast amount of money it saved itself not taking the other 99 cases to
trial with which to screw you and make an example out of you to anyone
else who may stupidly think they can defy the system.
Thus, the problem of plea bargains can only be solved by eliminating plea
bargaining itself.  It cannot be solved by individuals caught in the
system demonstrating "courage."
It's one of those Prisoner's Dillema-ish situations.  The demonstration to
the Sheeple that one cannot break the system, one can only break oneself
against the system.

@_date: 2003-08-06 01:17:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Year in Jail for Web Links 
Duncan Frissell opines:
The problem here is that if you have a family and assets and
responsibility and something resembling a future, you cannot afford to be
the 1 in 100 who refuses to plea bargain, because the government has the
vast amount of money it saved itself not taking the other 99 cases to
trial with which to screw you and make an example out of you to anyone
else who may stupidly think they can defy the system.
Thus, the problem of plea bargains can only be solved by eliminating plea
bargaining itself.  It cannot be solved by individuals caught in the
system demonstrating "courage."
It's one of those Prisoner's Dillema-ish situations.  The demonstration to
the Sheeple that one cannot break the system, one can only break oneself
against the system.

@_date: 2003-08-05 23:03:48
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Year in Jail for Web Links 
An anarchist has been sentenced to a year in jail for having links to
explosives information on his Web site.  AmeriKKKa is further fucking the
First Amendment by restricting whom he may associate with in the future,
and what views he may espouse.
As is usual in most criminal cases today, the defendent was forced to plea
bargain to avoid the threat of worse charges if he went to trial.
LOS ANGELES, California (AP) -- A federal judge sentenced a man to a year
in prison Monday for creating an anarchist Web site with links to sites on
how to build bombs.
U.S. District Judge Stephen Wilson sentenced Sherman Austin to more than
the prosecutor had recommended under a plea bargain.
Austin, 20, pleaded guilty in February to distributing information related
to explosives.

@_date: 2003-08-09 02:42:32
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: President Terminator 
In response to a question about whether she would favor a Constitutional
amendment defining marriage as between a man and a woman, a Fox Fake News
Channel bimbo responded, "I want a Constitutional amendment so Arnold can
be President."
Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center has characterized Arnold
as having "done more to further the cause of Holocaust awareness than
almost any other Hollywood star."  Rabbi Hier also points out that Arnold
makes regular substantial constributions to the Wiesenthal Center, and has
raised millions for the Holocaust Memorial Trust in Los Angeles.
So how exactly, one might ask, does Arnold's view of America's Manifest
Destiny to rule the world and his unconditional love of the Jewish people
and Israel differ from Bush's view of America's Manifest Destiny to rule
the world and his unconditional love of the Jewish people and Israel.
Or the view of any other major Neocon?
Watch for this President Arnold movement to gather steam.  Who knows, once
the naturally born restriction on Presidents is removed, Ariel Sharon
could be the US President after Arnold, bringing the Neoconservative
nonsense full circle.

@_date: 2003-08-09 02:42:32
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: President Terminator 
In response to a question about whether she would favor a Constitutional
amendment defining marriage as between a man and a woman, a Fox Fake News
Channel bimbo responded, "I want a Constitutional amendment so Arnold can
be President."
Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center has characterized Arnold
as having "done more to further the cause of Holocaust awareness than
almost any other Hollywood star."  Rabbi Hier also points out that Arnold
makes regular substantial constributions to the Wiesenthal Center, and has
raised millions for the Holocaust Memorial Trust in Los Angeles.
So how exactly, one might ask, does Arnold's view of America's Manifest
Destiny to rule the world and his unconditional love of the Jewish people
and Israel differ from Bush's view of America's Manifest Destiny to rule
the world and his unconditional love of the Jewish people and Israel.
Or the view of any other major Neocon?
Watch for this President Arnold movement to gather steam.  Who knows, once
the naturally born restriction on Presidents is removed, Ariel Sharon
could be the US President after Arnold, bringing the Neoconservative
nonsense full circle.

@_date: 2003-08-09 02:42:32
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: President Terminator 
In response to a question about whether she would favor a Constitutional
amendment defining marriage as between a man and a woman, a Fox Fake News
Channel bimbo responded, "I want a Constitutional amendment so Arnold can
be President."
Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center has characterized Arnold
as having "done more to further the cause of Holocaust awareness than
almost any other Hollywood star."  Rabbi Hier also points out that Arnold
makes regular substantial constributions to the Wiesenthal Center, and has
raised millions for the Holocaust Memorial Trust in Los Angeles.
So how exactly, one might ask, does Arnold's view of America's Manifest
Destiny to rule the world and his unconditional love of the Jewish people
and Israel differ from Bush's view of America's Manifest Destiny to rule
the world and his unconditional love of the Jewish people and Israel.
Or the view of any other major Neocon?
Watch for this President Arnold movement to gather steam.  Who knows, once
the naturally born restriction on Presidents is removed, Ariel Sharon
could be the US President after Arnold, bringing the Neoconservative
nonsense full circle.

@_date: 2003-08-09 02:42:32
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: President Terminator 
In response to a question about whether she would favor a Constitutional
amendment defining marriage as between a man and a woman, a Fox Fake News
Channel bimbo responded, "I want a Constitutional amendment so Arnold can
be President."
Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center has characterized Arnold
as having "done more to further the cause of Holocaust awareness than
almost any other Hollywood star."  Rabbi Hier also points out that Arnold
makes regular substantial constributions to the Wiesenthal Center, and has
raised millions for the Holocaust Memorial Trust in Los Angeles.
So how exactly, one might ask, does Arnold's view of America's Manifest
Destiny to rule the world and his unconditional love of the Jewish people
and Israel differ from Bush's view of America's Manifest Destiny to rule
the world and his unconditional love of the Jewish people and Israel.
Or the view of any other major Neocon?
Watch for this President Arnold movement to gather steam.  Who knows, once
the naturally born restriction on Presidents is removed, Ariel Sharon
could be the US President after Arnold, bringing the Neoconservative
nonsense full circle.

@_date: 2003-09-22 17:07:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Democracy and Freedom 
Freedom is the ability to conduct ones affairs, and pursue ones goals,
without interference from government.
Democracy is the right of the government to impose the will of 51% of your
neighbors on you by force every time the neighbors don't like what you are
I am constantly surprised and amazed that there are people on this list
who think democracy and freedom are the same thing.
The ideal government is dictatorship, under the ideal dictator.

@_date: 2003-09-09 19:19:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Attention Sheeple 
Saw this while browsing the Web this morning.  I loved it.
Want to See the World Implode
by Jim Donahue
I'd like to see some real hell unleashed in the upcoming year.
I want a briefcase full of weaponized toxins to explode in front of the
New York Stock Exchange. I want to see political assassinations take place
all over Amerika, melee assassinations, live on television during a press
conference. I want power outages to roll their way through the
countryside, from Boston to D.C. to Miami to Dallas to Los Angeles to San
Francisco to Seattle and back again. I want the economy to collapse into a
pile of green ashes. I want 401(k) plans and IRAs and mutual fund
investments to disappear. I want the twelve Federal Reserve Bank branches
to go up in flames.
I want new laws, more laws, bigger laws. I want laws that prohibit smoking
in public, in private, on the high seas, and on the moon. I want drug laws
that will put a high school student in the electric chair for smoking a

@_date: 2003-09-02 07:21:36
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: "Terror Reading" 
Every police state is enabled by the actions of thousands of little peons
(like Don Frederickson here), who insert themselves into things that are
none of their business, in order that they may feel that they are
important in the new scheme of things.
Indeed, baggage screeners, librarians, and operators of small mom and pop
ISPs do more damage to individual freedom than the uniformed jackboots do.
I am reminded of that scene in Roman Polanski's movie in which the hero
staggers out of the apartment where he has been hiding, and is pursued out
the building by a middle-aged woman screaming - "Stop him, He's a Jew!"
Replace suspected Jew by Terrorist, Child Molester, Drug Dealer, or Money
Launderer, and you basically have the current climate for neighbor on
neighbor snooping here in AmeriKKKa.
Indeed, the hallmark of the Neocon climate of fear we current live under
is the successful exportation of the technology of critic silencing
formerly found only in areas such as Holocaust Promotion or the Sex Abuse
Agenda to every facet of our everyday lives.
The new rule for personal political speech seems to be - "Don't tip your
hand until you have the firepower to defend yourself."

@_date: 2003-09-07 19:49:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Cathedra and the Bizarre: Why Free Stuff is Good 
Tim Philosophizes:
I believe "Free" to be very different than "Open Source", particularly
open source under viral licensing agreements like the GPL.
My perfect example of free software is the quadratic formula.  I don't
have to pay anyone to use it.  I may use it for any purpose whatsoever,
including commercial applications.  Using it does not obligate me in any
way, or legally encumber any product which includes it.  The knowlege of
it is so widespread that were it to be lost, someone would quickly
reconstruct it and spread it around again.
IT has lots of free things.  Most computer science is free.  I don't have
to mail Andrew Tanenbaum a check if I write an OS, even if I use his book
to design it.  Knuth's books are free.  etc...
I'm a big fan of free.  Free works.  Free is like Pandora's box.  Once
opened, the stuff cannot be put back in.  Ever.
I am less of a fan of schemes like the GPL, which seek to impose a set of contagious terms on anything touched by the knowlege.  True scientific inquiry is always driven purely by intellectual curiosity.
Salary is just how you eat and pay the bills.  Understanding the essential nature of apparently complex things is its own reward.
"Yes, I am Paracelsus.  Would you believe I've been cooking this large vat of feces for 6 months?"
"I showed the correspondence between Tarot Trumps and Paths on the Tree of "I wrote the Copronomicon."
"We must stop discrimination against Druids."
Of course my point here is that with minor exceptions, most really great
innovations are unappreciated by the public, and may in fact go
unappreciated by all but a very small number of people working in ones
subspecialty at the time they are announced.
So I think the non-tangible rewards from employers argument for innovation
fails.  Smart people do innovative things because of their intrinsic
coolness, even if no one else in the world can appreciate them.
If you can't do whatever you like with it, it's not free.  Period.
Secure anonymous digital money will never win out over easy to use, good buddies with Homeland Security systems like Paypal in the wide adoption Olympics.
This is a dead horse that continues to be beaten on this list.
Chaum's ideas were the JPEG Arithmetic Coding of the digital money spec.
They suffered from two faults.  One, they had legal restrictions.  Two, other things that were almost as good didn't have legal restrictions.
If Chaum wanted fame and fortune, he should have started eBay.

@_date: 2003-09-07 19:49:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Cathedra and the Bizarre: Why Free Stuff is Good 
Tim Philosophizes:
I believe "Free" to be very different than "Open Source", particularly
open source under viral licensing agreements like the GPL.
My perfect example of free software is the quadratic formula.  I don't
have to pay anyone to use it.  I may use it for any purpose whatsoever,
including commercial applications.  Using it does not obligate me in any
way, or legally encumber any product which includes it.  The knowlege of
it is so widespread that were it to be lost, someone would quickly
reconstruct it and spread it around again.
IT has lots of free things.  Most computer science is free.  I don't have
to mail Andrew Tanenbaum a check if I write an OS, even if I use his book
to design it.  Knuth's books are free.  etc...
I'm a big fan of free.  Free works.  Free is like Pandora's box.  Once
opened, the stuff cannot be put back in.  Ever.
I am less of a fan of schemes like the GPL, which seek to impose a set of contagious terms on anything touched by the knowlege.  True scientific inquiry is always driven purely by intellectual curiosity.
Salary is just how you eat and pay the bills.  Understanding the essential nature of apparently complex things is its own reward.
"Yes, I am Paracelsus.  Would you believe I've been cooking this large vat of feces for 6 months?"
"I showed the correspondence between Tarot Trumps and Paths on the Tree of "I wrote the Copronomicon."
"We must stop discrimination against Druids."
Of course my point here is that with minor exceptions, most really great
innovations are unappreciated by the public, and may in fact go
unappreciated by all but a very small number of people working in ones
subspecialty at the time they are announced.
So I think the non-tangible rewards from employers argument for innovation
fails.  Smart people do innovative things because of their intrinsic
coolness, even if no one else in the world can appreciate them.
If you can't do whatever you like with it, it's not free.  Period.
Secure anonymous digital money will never win out over easy to use, good buddies with Homeland Security systems like Paypal in the wide adoption Olympics.
This is a dead horse that continues to be beaten on this list.
Chaum's ideas were the JPEG Arithmetic Coding of the digital money spec.
They suffered from two faults.  One, they had legal restrictions.  Two, other things that were almost as good didn't have legal restrictions.
If Chaum wanted fame and fortune, he should have started eBay.

@_date: 2003-09-07 19:49:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Cathedra and the Bizarre: Why Free Stuff is Good 
Tim Philosophizes:
I believe "Free" to be very different than "Open Source", particularly
open source under viral licensing agreements like the GPL.
My perfect example of free software is the quadratic formula.  I don't
have to pay anyone to use it.  I may use it for any purpose whatsoever,
including commercial applications.  Using it does not obligate me in any
way, or legally encumber any product which includes it.  The knowlege of
it is so widespread that were it to be lost, someone would quickly
reconstruct it and spread it around again.
IT has lots of free things.  Most computer science is free.  I don't have
to mail Andrew Tanenbaum a check if I write an OS, even if I use his book
to design it.  Knuth's books are free.  etc...
I'm a big fan of free.  Free works.  Free is like Pandora's box.  Once
opened, the stuff cannot be put back in.  Ever.
I am less of a fan of schemes like the GPL, which seek to impose a set of contagious terms on anything touched by the knowlege.  True scientific inquiry is always driven purely by intellectual curiosity.
Salary is just how you eat and pay the bills.  Understanding the essential nature of apparently complex things is its own reward.
"Yes, I am Paracelsus.  Would you believe I've been cooking this large vat of feces for 6 months?"
"I showed the correspondence between Tarot Trumps and Paths on the Tree of "I wrote the Copronomicon."
"We must stop discrimination against Druids."
Of course my point here is that with minor exceptions, most really great
innovations are unappreciated by the public, and may in fact go
unappreciated by all but a very small number of people working in ones
subspecialty at the time they are announced.
So I think the non-tangible rewards from employers argument for innovation
fails.  Smart people do innovative things because of their intrinsic
coolness, even if no one else in the world can appreciate them.
If you can't do whatever you like with it, it's not free.  Period.
Secure anonymous digital money will never win out over easy to use, good buddies with Homeland Security systems like Paypal in the wide adoption Olympics.
This is a dead horse that continues to be beaten on this list.
Chaum's ideas were the JPEG Arithmetic Coding of the digital money spec.
They suffered from two faults.  One, they had legal restrictions.  Two, other things that were almost as good didn't have legal restrictions.
If Chaum wanted fame and fortune, he should have started eBay.

@_date: 2003-09-12 23:36:39
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Another Cypherpunks Investigation? 
"Professor Rat" goes to his own folder in my Procmail script.  I
occasionally skim it, but mostly I just delete it when it expands to many
I hope this isn't going to be another one of those cases where some
federal judge reads list messages completely out of context, and concludes
that some plot is afoot to blow up the federal government.
Perhaps Professor Rat is a federal agent hoping to bait some list member
into publicly cheering when he criticizes high-ranking public officials.
Or perhaps Professor Rat just made the mistake of playing Paintball on the weekends while subscribed to the Cypherpunks list. Allusions work, like "the coke-snorting C student who drove his car
drunk into somebody's hedge."
I wouldn't necessarily leap to the conclusion Professor Rat lives in Australia.  Perhaps he just has has a shell there.

@_date: 2003-09-12 23:36:39
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Another Cypherpunks Investigation? 
"Professor Rat" goes to his own folder in my Procmail script.  I
occasionally skim it, but mostly I just delete it when it expands to many
I hope this isn't going to be another one of those cases where some
federal judge reads list messages completely out of context, and concludes
that some plot is afoot to blow up the federal government.
Perhaps Professor Rat is a federal agent hoping to bait some list member
into publicly cheering when he criticizes high-ranking public officials.
Or perhaps Professor Rat just made the mistake of playing Paintball on the weekends while subscribed to the Cypherpunks list. Allusions work, like "the coke-snorting C student who drove his car
drunk into somebody's hedge."
I wouldn't necessarily leap to the conclusion Professor Rat lives in Australia.  Perhaps he just has has a shell there.

@_date: 2003-09-21 01:27:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
News services are reporting that US Troops, who have been holding regular
drunken parties at the Baghdad Zoo, have shot and killed the Zoo's rare
Bengal tiger.
It seems not only civilians are in danger from US Troops in the Occupied
Iraqi Territories.
In my opinion, the tiger was worth more than all the US Troops currently
occupying Iraq.  An occupation in violation of international law as part
of Shrub's unprovoked War of Aggression to settle his family grudge with
Saddam Hussein, control the world's oil supply, and take out one of the
two regimes that refused to pressure the Palestinians to make peace on
Israel's terms.
A few years ago, I said there were no civilians in Israel, and therefore
no retaliation by the Palestinians against Israeli military aggression
could be considered a terrorist act.
If AmeriKKKa freely re-elects Shrub, because Americans admire his bullying
the rest of the world, and the American people freely support and fund
such activities as the Pax AmeriKKKana, and unprovoked wars of aggression,
then it's probably true there are no civilians in AmeriKKKa either.
I no longer consider 9/11 a terrorist act.
Some URLs on the tiger...

@_date: 2003-10-27 01:06:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: What Really Happened to Whatreallyhappened.com 
Everyone's favorite link farm of news stories which annoy Neocons, disappeared suddenly and has been unavailable for 2 days now.
Anyone know What Really Happened to it?
Hopefully just a minor hardware problem.

@_date: 2003-10-02 23:30:29
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: MRS. MARIAM ABACHA 
A new study of more than 65 countries published in the UK's New
Scientist magazine suggests that the happiest people in the world live
in Nigeria.
[Spending millions sent to them by Nigerian banking scam victims,  no doubt.  Har.]]

@_date: 2003-10-10 19:08:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: base conversion 
The algorithm you describe is linear, not log.  Complexity measures are a
function of the size of the input data set in bits.  In general, a large
integer M will require an input around N = LOG2(M) bits to represent.
A linear algorithm will take twice as long to process a 2 megabyte
integer, as it takes to process a 1 megabyte integer.
You ask whether there are linear algorithms for arbitrary precision base
I seem to recall that Schonhage showed how to do base conversion with an
FTT along with his well-known fast multiplication algorithm.
So my guess would be that there are no known linear arbitrary precision base conversion algorithms, but probably something O(n log(n))-ish as the best currently achievable. As usual, Google is your friend.
I think near-linear reciprocals, nth roots, and base conversions are covered in "Pi and the AGM" by the Borweins.  My copy is packed in a box somewhere, so I can't check.  Perhaps you can find the book at your local university library.

@_date: 2003-10-27 00:49:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: NSA Turns To Commercial Software For Encryption (fwd from 
Nonetheless, it's an indication that they don't think RSA has much of a
future.  So now they have a public key cryptosystem with smaller key
lengths, and a more obtuse one-way function that can't be understood by
Joe Schmo.
We shall see what this portends.

@_date: 2003-10-27 01:06:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: What Really Happened to Whatreallyhappened.com 
Everyone's favorite link farm of news stories which annoy Neocons, disappeared suddenly and has been unavailable for 2 days now.
Anyone know What Really Happened to it?
Hopefully just a minor hardware problem.

@_date: 2003-11-29 06:33:02
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Airplane Comedy 
I'd love to see John Gilmore wear this on his next airline flight.

@_date: 2003-11-15 18:45:57
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Jews Go Nuclear 
You mean like the Jews blew up the Iranian nuclear reactor?
What make your think Israel will have to be nuked in order to respond with
its own nukes?  I should think anything that threatens Israel's existence
as a racist apartheid human rights violating state in perpetual contempt
for the will of the international community would serve as a sufficient
excuse for War Criminal Sharon to launch a nuclear attack.
After which, of course, AmeriKKKa's Neocon Dictator, George W. Bush, would
call a press conference to deliver the usual "Israel has a right to defend
itself" line, and order his UN ambassador to veto all security council
resolutions critical of Israel.  The EU would be critical, the Jews would
call them anti-Semites, and the US Congress would fall all over itself to
suport the action, fleeing in terror to avoid becoming targets of
AmeriKKKan jewish voters, and Zionist pressure groups.
In other words, business as usual.
Saudi Arabia is hardly untouchable.  It is simply not at the top of the
list.  The Neocons plan for all the Arab dominos to fall eventually.
AmeriKKKa needs to purge itself of external influence on its government
through covert non-foreign policy channels, especially by "Orientals."

@_date: 2003-11-15 18:45:57
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Jews Go Nuclear 
You mean like the Jews blew up the Iranian nuclear reactor?
What make your think Israel will have to be nuked in order to respond with
its own nukes?  I should think anything that threatens Israel's existence
as a racist apartheid human rights violating state in perpetual contempt
for the will of the international community would serve as a sufficient
excuse for War Criminal Sharon to launch a nuclear attack.
After which, of course, AmeriKKKa's Neocon Dictator, George W. Bush, would
call a press conference to deliver the usual "Israel has a right to defend
itself" line, and order his UN ambassador to veto all security council
resolutions critical of Israel.  The EU would be critical, the Jews would
call them anti-Semites, and the US Congress would fall all over itself to
suport the action, fleeing in terror to avoid becoming targets of
AmeriKKKan jewish voters, and Zionist pressure groups.
In other words, business as usual.
Saudi Arabia is hardly untouchable.  It is simply not at the top of the
list.  The Neocons plan for all the Arab dominos to fall eventually.
AmeriKKKa needs to purge itself of external influence on its government
through covert non-foreign policy channels, especially by "Orientals."

@_date: 2003-11-14 21:44:18
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Jews Go Nuclear 
So much for non-proliferation of "weapons of mass destruction", right?
Israel deploys nuclear arms in submarines
Peter Beaumont in London and Conal Urquhart in Jerusalem
Sunday October 12, 2003
The Observer
Israeli and American officials have admitted collaborating to deploy
US-supplied Harpoon cruise missiles armed with nuclear warheads in
Israel's fleet of Dolphin-class submarines, giving the Middle East's only
nuclear power the ability to strike at any of its Arab neighbours.

@_date: 2003-11-14 21:44:18
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Jews Go Nuclear 
So much for non-proliferation of "weapons of mass destruction", right?
Israel deploys nuclear arms in submarines
Peter Beaumont in London and Conal Urquhart in Jerusalem
Sunday October 12, 2003
The Observer
Israeli and American officials have admitted collaborating to deploy
US-supplied Harpoon cruise missiles armed with nuclear warheads in
Israel's fleet of Dolphin-class submarines, giving the Middle East's only
nuclear power the ability to strike at any of its Arab neighbours.

@_date: 2003-11-29 06:33:02
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Airplane Comedy 
I'd love to see John Gilmore wear this on his next airline flight.

@_date: 2003-12-22 21:47:12
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Humiliating the Conquered, Part II 
If you think it was embarrassing for the former regime in Iraq to see
their fearless leader getting a public louse inspection, just wait until
Christmas, when America again demonstrates it can walk the streets of
Baghdad with impunity.
Yesterday, the crew of WWE Smackdown arrived in Baghdad to set up for
their special Christmas broadcast of Smackdown! "Live from Baghdad."
  "The Smackdown crew with Steve Austin arrived yesterday in Baghdad at    the 28th U.S. Military Combat Support Hospital to hand out gift    packages to troops and give t-shirts to those injured."
  "World Wrestling Entertainment in proud to present a special edition of    SmackDown! from Baghdad on Christmas night. Join the Superstars of
   SmackDown! as they have the honor of competing in front of Americas    troops in what should be an evening filled with action, excitement and    emotion."
Goodness, where are the Donkey Carts of Mass Destruction when they are
really needed. :)

@_date: 2003-12-02 18:05:37
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Silly Linux Kernel Bug 
Let me simplify.  I found it startling that a Redmond-level bug was in a
mature open-source project, the result of many years of hard work and
evolution, deemed "Ready for the Enterprise."
This isn't a slap at Open Source.  It's just mild bemusement.  Well, let's see.  I think Open Source is better than the Closed Source
proprietary "It's not a bug, it's a feature" model.  I've never been
promised anything by Open Source, so it's certainly not the second thing..  While I wouldn't say Open Source should not be used for secure code, there
seems to be a bit of overconfidence in this area, particular in the lack
of realization that Open Source clones of rock solid pieces of software
like PGP and SSH are probably exploitable and buggy when they are first
But all in all, I think Open Source is an excellent idea, as long as one
does not have unrealistic expectations.  I wouldn't use Open Source to run
an artificial heart, but for most of the things it is used for, it is
probably quite satisfactory.
Quite true.
I have not been promised anything by the "guys on Slashdot."  I simply
found the error amusing.  Let's not get our blood pressure in an uproar
simply because virtually every Linux system in the world was just
discovered to have a user readable/writable kernel.  It will be fixed, and
life will move on.
This is a dumb coding error.  Not a referendum in the eyes of God on the worthiness of the Open Source movement.

@_date: 2003-12-02 18:05:37
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Silly Linux Kernel Bug 
Let me simplify.  I found it startling that a Redmond-level bug was in a
mature open-source project, the result of many years of hard work and
evolution, deemed "Ready for the Enterprise."
This isn't a slap at Open Source.  It's just mild bemusement.  Well, let's see.  I think Open Source is better than the Closed Source
proprietary "It's not a bug, it's a feature" model.  I've never been
promised anything by Open Source, so it's certainly not the second thing..  While I wouldn't say Open Source should not be used for secure code, there
seems to be a bit of overconfidence in this area, particular in the lack
of realization that Open Source clones of rock solid pieces of software
like PGP and SSH are probably exploitable and buggy when they are first
But all in all, I think Open Source is an excellent idea, as long as one
does not have unrealistic expectations.  I wouldn't use Open Source to run
an artificial heart, but for most of the things it is used for, it is
probably quite satisfactory.
Quite true.
I have not been promised anything by the "guys on Slashdot."  I simply
found the error amusing.  Let's not get our blood pressure in an uproar
simply because virtually every Linux system in the world was just
discovered to have a user readable/writable kernel.  It will be fixed, and
life will move on.
This is a dumb coding error.  Not a referendum in the eyes of God on the worthiness of the Open Source movement.

@_date: 2003-12-02 09:09:31
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Silly Linux Kernel Bug 
As reported today on Slashdot, in linux kernels prior to 2.4.23, it is
possible to map the kernel into user space with brk(), since apparently no
one ever bothered to check that the argument passed was in the lower 3 gig
of the address space.
This is almost as funny as early linux kernels in which the LDT was user
In any case, the patch is to stick the following check in do_brk() in
  if ((addr + len) > TASK_SIZE || (addr + len) < addr)            return -EINVAL;
This is of course a serious bug, since anyone on a vulnerable machine has
access to kernel memory by writing a terse no-brainer C program, of which
I will not give an example, because enough people on the Internet hate me
already. :)
An interesting occurrence, because it demonstrates that massive numbers of
open source participants auditing the code aren't sufficient to ferret out
every giant coding blunder.

@_date: 2003-12-02 09:09:31
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Silly Linux Kernel Bug 
As reported today on Slashdot, in linux kernels prior to 2.4.23, it is
possible to map the kernel into user space with brk(), since apparently no
one ever bothered to check that the argument passed was in the lower 3 gig
of the address space.
This is almost as funny as early linux kernels in which the LDT was user
In any case, the patch is to stick the following check in do_brk() in
  if ((addr + len) > TASK_SIZE || (addr + len) < addr)            return -EINVAL;
This is of course a serious bug, since anyone on a vulnerable machine has
access to kernel memory by writing a terse no-brainer C program, of which
I will not give an example, because enough people on the Internet hate me
already. :)
An interesting occurrence, because it demonstrates that massive numbers of
open source participants auditing the code aren't sufficient to ferret out
every giant coding blunder.

@_date: 2003-12-19 22:36:36
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Bear in mind that we could probably find plenty of victims of the Bush administration who would be willing to provide this variety of justice to America's dictator and a couple dozen of his closest Neocon advisors.
Invading a country, and then turning its leader over to his political enemies for a quick show trial and execution, while singing the "tried by his own people" propaganda tune, hardly qualifies as justice.

@_date: 2003-12-19 22:36:36
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Bear in mind that we could probably find plenty of victims of the Bush administration who would be willing to provide this variety of justice to America's dictator and a couple dozen of his closest Neocon advisors.
Invading a country, and then turning its leader over to his political enemies for a quick show trial and execution, while singing the "tried by his own people" propaganda tune, hardly qualifies as justice.

@_date: 2003-12-18 04:49:28
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The two events are completely unrelated, except for the fact that 9/11
gave the US the additional hubris it needed to launch an unprovoked war of
agression against another sovereign nation, in violation of international
law and the wishes of the world community.
Saddam's capture is the poisoned fruit of an illegal occupation, which is
itself the poisoned fruit of an illegal invasion, whose clear purpose,
despite the lies about Saddam's ready to launch nuclear weapons, was to
control Iraq's oil, and eliminate support for the oppressed Palestinians.
Bush knew that as long as he managed to attack Iraq, using any pretense,
he would never be forced to leave once the excuses were revealed as lies,
because if there's two things America is structurally incapable of doing,
it's accepting blame and apologizing.
Every American soldier in Iraq right now is a war criminal.  Every dead
Iraqi is a murder victim.
As one writer so aptly put it...
"For months we have wanted to get our hands on the warmonger who
terrorized the world with weapons of mass destruction. But, as we couldn't
get George Bush, we had to make do with Saddam Hussein."

@_date: 2003-12-18 04:49:28
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The two events are completely unrelated, except for the fact that 9/11
gave the US the additional hubris it needed to launch an unprovoked war of
agression against another sovereign nation, in violation of international
law and the wishes of the world community.
Saddam's capture is the poisoned fruit of an illegal occupation, which is
itself the poisoned fruit of an illegal invasion, whose clear purpose,
despite the lies about Saddam's ready to launch nuclear weapons, was to
control Iraq's oil, and eliminate support for the oppressed Palestinians.
Bush knew that as long as he managed to attack Iraq, using any pretense,
he would never be forced to leave once the excuses were revealed as lies,
because if there's two things America is structurally incapable of doing,
it's accepting blame and apologizing.
Every American soldier in Iraq right now is a war criminal.  Every dead
Iraqi is a murder victim.
As one writer so aptly put it...
"For months we have wanted to get our hands on the warmonger who
terrorized the world with weapons of mass destruction. But, as we couldn't
get George Bush, we had to make do with Saddam Hussein."

@_date: 2003-12-17 03:04:43
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Rumsfeld also revealed that the CIA has taken over the Saddam
interrogation, and pundits are speculating that they will use the same
torture techniques that are being used on the "detainees."
Later today, a source close to the interrogation said that Saddam would be
subjected to stress and sleep deprivation.  Basically, teams of
interrogators will ask questions over and over again, and no one will get
any rest until answers are provided.
Bill Bennett said just a few minutes ago, that Saddam's capture made
America safer, because the world has learned that "If you mess with
America, you wind up in a hole."
A friend of mine, when asked what he wanted from Santa for Christmas,
replied, "A crater the size of DC."
Clearly, the world's leaders are looking closely at Saddam's treatment,
and realizing how easily pissing off the Bush family could result in them
being shown on International TV unbathed, unshaven, checked for fleas, and
bent over for a rectal probe.
Of course, all of this is provoking a new arms race of astronomical
proportions, as the other nations of the world realize international law
means nothing, and that the US and Israel think they can judge everyone
else on the planet, no one can judge them, and they can act with impunity.
This will, in a few years, result in the usual "force meets force plus
brains" low level format of the arrogant, and after a few hangings, and a
big round of applause, life on the planet will move on.

@_date: 2003-12-17 03:04:43
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Rumsfeld also revealed that the CIA has taken over the Saddam
interrogation, and pundits are speculating that they will use the same
torture techniques that are being used on the "detainees."
Later today, a source close to the interrogation said that Saddam would be
subjected to stress and sleep deprivation.  Basically, teams of
interrogators will ask questions over and over again, and no one will get
any rest until answers are provided.
Bill Bennett said just a few minutes ago, that Saddam's capture made
America safer, because the world has learned that "If you mess with
America, you wind up in a hole."
A friend of mine, when asked what he wanted from Santa for Christmas,
replied, "A crater the size of DC."
Clearly, the world's leaders are looking closely at Saddam's treatment,
and realizing how easily pissing off the Bush family could result in them
being shown on International TV unbathed, unshaven, checked for fleas, and
bent over for a rectal probe.
Of course, all of this is provoking a new arms race of astronomical
proportions, as the other nations of the world realize international law
means nothing, and that the US and Israel think they can judge everyone
else on the planet, no one can judge them, and they can act with impunity.
This will, in a few years, result in the usual "force meets force plus
brains" low level format of the arrogant, and after a few hangings, and a
big round of applause, life on the planet will move on.

@_date: 2003-12-22 21:47:12
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Humiliating the Conquered, Part II 
If you think it was embarrassing for the former regime in Iraq to see
their fearless leader getting a public louse inspection, just wait until
Christmas, when America again demonstrates it can walk the streets of
Baghdad with impunity.
Yesterday, the crew of WWE Smackdown arrived in Baghdad to set up for
their special Christmas broadcast of Smackdown! "Live from Baghdad."
  "The Smackdown crew with Steve Austin arrived yesterday in Baghdad at    the 28th U.S. Military Combat Support Hospital to hand out gift    packages to troops and give t-shirts to those injured."
  "World Wrestling Entertainment in proud to present a special edition of    SmackDown! from Baghdad on Christmas night. Join the Superstars of
   SmackDown! as they have the honor of competing in front of Americas    troops in what should be an evening filled with action, excitement and    emotion."
Goodness, where are the Donkey Carts of Mass Destruction when they are
really needed. :)

@_date: 2003-12-28 22:19:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
The laws "over there" would only lack importance if they were universally ignored.
But they aren't ignored, and they ruin peoples lives, and deprive them of freedom
and property everytime someone in some protected class claims to have been offended.
When a Jew in Germany gives material support to Israel's reign of terror against the
Palestinian people, and someone criticizes it, German law puts the person criticizing it in jail because he made the Jew feel bad.
A civilized country would put the Beanie-Headed Land Grabber in jail, and give the critic a medal.  Germany is not a civilized country.
Neither is the United States, of course, where US citizens are free to join the
Israeli army, and commit atrocities in the illegally occupied territories, but face prison for "terrorism" if they support the oppressed Palestinians and play paintball with their friends on weekends.
Naziism is National Socialism.  Neoconservatism is National Capitalism.

@_date: 2003-12-28 22:19:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
The laws "over there" would only lack importance if they were universally ignored.
But they aren't ignored, and they ruin peoples lives, and deprive them of freedom
and property everytime someone in some protected class claims to have been offended.
When a Jew in Germany gives material support to Israel's reign of terror against the
Palestinian people, and someone criticizes it, German law puts the person criticizing it in jail because he made the Jew feel bad.
A civilized country would put the Beanie-Headed Land Grabber in jail, and give the critic a medal.  Germany is not a civilized country.
Neither is the United States, of course, where US citizens are free to join the
Israeli army, and commit atrocities in the illegally occupied territories, but face prison for "terrorism" if they support the oppressed Palestinians and play paintball with their friends on weekends.
Naziism is National Socialism.  Neoconservatism is National Capitalism.

@_date: 2003-12-28 00:51:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
It is the outcome of the trial which condemns Germany.  THe length of the
trial is an unimportant data point.
THe law clearly defines "hate speech" as the communication of any information which might tend to cause people to be displeased with a particular religious or ethnic group, whether or not the information is true.
People in Germany have been jailed under the "hate speech" laws for simply suggesting in
written editorials that the Jewish people might act collectively in their own enlightened
As long as truth is no defense against "hate speech," and "hate speech" includes things
which clearly don't involve anyone hating anyone else, "hnate speech" is simply a code
phrase for suppressing free expression.
Yes, the Allies have done an excellent job of redirecting German jackbooted obnoxiousness
back at the German people.  Do you have a point here?
The US isn't free at all.  However, most US citizens support freedom to have opinions and to express them.  Germans have to ask their government for permission to think.  Most Germans think this is a good thing, by the way.

@_date: 2003-12-26 17:37:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
Of course, that should be "a nation with strict laws against free speech."
Crying "Hate Speech" is the last resort of people who cannot debate what is being said and convince anyone.

@_date: 2003-12-26 17:37:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
Of course, that should be "a nation with strict laws against free speech."
Crying "Hate Speech" is the last resort of people who cannot debate what is being said and convince anyone.

@_date: 2004-01-01 08:14:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Tim May observes:
In the real world, a society can not consist 100% of chip designers.  It
also requires cooks, toilet and floor scrubbers, and people who lug
concrete in wheelbarrows up stairs.
This is no problem in a society with an explicit class system.  You just
assign jobs to people based on their social class, with the untouchables
getting the shit-hauling and scrubbing jobs, and the more attractive jobs
going to their betters. Some countries, like the US and Japan, have as a
part of their political doctrine that everyone has the opportunity to be
wealthy and successful, so they can't openly have a class system.  Of
course, they still need one to determine who gets the shit-hauling jobs,
and the usual method of doing this is to hide the class system in the
education system.  Now you don't get the shit-hauling job because you are
an untouchable.  You get it because you "didn't do well"  in school, or
you "dropped out, and "you could have been successful if you had just
tried harder."
Of course, it's a zero sum game.  The bottom X% will always be
shit-haulers, and the school is just making the proles fight with each
other over who those shit-haulers will be.  The fact is that the society
can't make everyone successful, and the success of the few is at the
expense of the failure of the many, determined by the uncompensated rat
race and endless toil on the wheel of public education.
The US is an excellent example of this.  The AFT and NEA together are the
biggest labor organization in the country.  THe school system functions
not to educate, but as a tool of inculcation in collectivist thinking, and
a awarder of certificates which give one the right to work.
Schools don't educate, but merely serve as a filter for employers to
locate those individuals who aren't going to make trouble at the factory.
A well known experiment is to take some 10th graders, and divide them
randomly into two groups.  Send one to college, and make the others finish
the remaining two years of high school.  THere will be no statistically
significant difference in their college performance, thus demonstrating
that public schools do not teach, but merely act as filters through which
only the most talented and sociable can pass.
Now, minorities in this country, including almost all Asians, and quite a
few blacks, have gotten with this program that "education is the way out
of poverty," and have successfully turned the vicious education-based
class system to their advantage, by trying to beat the dominant class at
their own game, with varying degrees of success.  This has required them
to refrain from criticizing the system itself, because no one wins a
beauty contest by having a bad attitude.
I think that mentality is changing, and when you hear comments like
"Reading be for whitey," what is being said is not that literacy and
calculus and physics and chemistry are bad, in and of themselves, but that
a system which rewards only "getting ahead by playing along" is not a
arena in which these people choose to compete.
Learning by doing is always vastly superior to learning by listening to
someone else talk about doing.
Now in a world where most jobs are not skilled people individually
producing something in demand, but are the very lowest form of
commoditized labor, the opportunity to screw such dissenters probably
exceeds their ability to avoid being sent made to the back of the line.
Nonetheless, I think we do such people a disservice when we attribute
their dislike of the education business to some sort of culturally
ingrained sloth, and characterize them as looking to live on handouts of
other peoples tax money.

@_date: 2004-01-01 08:14:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Tim May observes:
In the real world, a society can not consist 100% of chip designers.  It
also requires cooks, toilet and floor scrubbers, and people who lug
concrete in wheelbarrows up stairs.
This is no problem in a society with an explicit class system.  You just
assign jobs to people based on their social class, with the untouchables
getting the shit-hauling and scrubbing jobs, and the more attractive jobs
going to their betters. Some countries, like the US and Japan, have as a
part of their political doctrine that everyone has the opportunity to be
wealthy and successful, so they can't openly have a class system.  Of
course, they still need one to determine who gets the shit-hauling jobs,
and the usual method of doing this is to hide the class system in the
education system.  Now you don't get the shit-hauling job because you are
an untouchable.  You get it because you "didn't do well"  in school, or
you "dropped out, and "you could have been successful if you had just
tried harder."
Of course, it's a zero sum game.  The bottom X% will always be
shit-haulers, and the school is just making the proles fight with each
other over who those shit-haulers will be.  The fact is that the society
can't make everyone successful, and the success of the few is at the
expense of the failure of the many, determined by the uncompensated rat
race and endless toil on the wheel of public education.
The US is an excellent example of this.  The AFT and NEA together are the
biggest labor organization in the country.  THe school system functions
not to educate, but as a tool of inculcation in collectivist thinking, and
a awarder of certificates which give one the right to work.
Schools don't educate, but merely serve as a filter for employers to
locate those individuals who aren't going to make trouble at the factory.
A well known experiment is to take some 10th graders, and divide them
randomly into two groups.  Send one to college, and make the others finish
the remaining two years of high school.  THere will be no statistically
significant difference in their college performance, thus demonstrating
that public schools do not teach, but merely act as filters through which
only the most talented and sociable can pass.
Now, minorities in this country, including almost all Asians, and quite a
few blacks, have gotten with this program that "education is the way out
of poverty," and have successfully turned the vicious education-based
class system to their advantage, by trying to beat the dominant class at
their own game, with varying degrees of success.  This has required them
to refrain from criticizing the system itself, because no one wins a
beauty contest by having a bad attitude.
I think that mentality is changing, and when you hear comments like
"Reading be for whitey," what is being said is not that literacy and
calculus and physics and chemistry are bad, in and of themselves, but that
a system which rewards only "getting ahead by playing along" is not a
arena in which these people choose to compete.
Learning by doing is always vastly superior to learning by listening to
someone else talk about doing.
Now in a world where most jobs are not skilled people individually
producing something in demand, but are the very lowest form of
commoditized labor, the opportunity to screw such dissenters probably
exceeds their ability to avoid being sent made to the back of the line.
Nonetheless, I think we do such people a disservice when we attribute
their dislike of the education business to some sort of culturally
ingrained sloth, and characterize them as looking to live on handouts of
other peoples tax money.

@_date: 2004-03-30 20:44:02
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: The Gilmore Dimissal 
I believe that the intent of the Founding Fathers was that an armed
populace would be familiar with the letter of the Constitution, and
tolerate no creative reinterpretation of it by any of the three branches
of Guv'mint.
He rehabiliated himself through terrible suffering, repented his racist
views, and made friends with Jesse Jackson.  People can change.  I can
still remember from back in the 60's Mike Wallace reporting with a
perfectly straight face on the "Negroid Characteristics" of some monkey
skull found by a archeological expedition.
One of the nice things about ignorance is that it is curable.  Unlike

@_date: 2004-03-30 18:22:35
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Gilmore Dimissal 
It's really getting to the point where judges don't even go through the
motions of respecting the Constitution any more.  All they have to do is
recite the magic words that "Society's Overwhelming Interest" in
protecting its children, police officers, kitty cats, or whatever,
overrides whatever Constitutional issues there are.
So of course, society's interest in protecting police officers allows New
Orleans police to search your home or business at any time, for any
reason, or for no reason at all.  As long as the cop mumbles something
about making sure he's safe.
Similarly, society's interest in ensuring the safety of airline passengers
allows ID to be demanded and searches, and anyways, your right to freely
travel is not being impeded, because there's always Greyhound.  Of course,
they can stop the bus and search everyone on it at will too.
These problems stem directly from the horrible mistake, many years ago in
the early days of our Republic, of letting what the Constitution says be
what the judiciary claims the Constitution says, as opposed to what the
Constitution itself states, thus giving the Judicial branch of government
absolute power over the Legislative and Executive branches.
As George Wallace once stated, "The country is run by thugs and federal

@_date: 2004-04-30 08:50:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Lowering the Bar for Threats 
So the story is that the FBI Shill solicited murder, and Hale made the
mistake of saying the equivalent of "um hmmm."
I'm so unimpressed.
Hale didn't initiate anything.  It seems to me that one shouldn't be able
to get convicted in a free country when someone working for the government
comes to you with plans for a crime, just because you didn't denounce them
loudly enough while being recorded.
To quote a favorite poster of mine in alt.abuse.recovery...
   "``Failure to Condemn'' is an age-old tactic--a dirty trick,     actually--used to smear somebody by association when you can't      actually get anything concrete on him. I know this one backwards     and forwards; it's been used on me dozens of times."
The Sheeple have been well-trained to use the legal process to screw
anyone with racist views.  Juries in such trials have admitted aftwards
that they were proud of imprisoning people because of their racist views,
and awarding their property to do-gooders on flimsy evidence.
Yes.  FBI Shills should stop doing that.
Wars are won by superior weaponry, not by superior essays.  What are you
going to do, throw your pen at them, stamp your feet, and threaten to hold
your breath until you turn blue?
As I've said many times, "What the world needs is a fifty dollar weapon
that sinks aircraft carriers."
AmeriKKKa is founded on the principle that they are most easily governed,
who believe that they govern themselves.
People need to learn that a voting choice between "evil" and "slightly
less evil" does not a democracy make.
I look forward to proclaiming after the upcoming presidential election
that "There are no civilians in AmeriKKKa."

@_date: 2004-04-18 01:12:30
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Usenet Dead. Film at 11 
RAH clipped:
There used to be a service called "Boypics", which thumbnailed and decoded
all of Usenet's picture newsgroups for easy Web access.  I think they
ultimately closed down after prosecutorial grumbling, although they were
just yet another way of reading Usenet, and didn't monitor content, nor
log what their users looked at.
The indemnity of Usenet providers over content becomes a considerably more
grey area if the Usenet content is processed to some form other than
articles, even if that processing is done mechanically, without peeking at
what is being processed.
Well, of course, it shouldn't matter if they "know."  I mean, everyone who
has a router through which an uncensored Usenet feed passes "knows"  illegal porn and warez are included.  That doesn't make them "madams of
the child porn bordello", to borrow a colorful phrase from the Landslide
It's clear that the current administration would like to corral Usenet.  This is the first appearance under the tent of something which resembles
the nose of a camel.
Right.  That was the Dennis Vacco nonsense, when he announced that he had
singlehanded stopped an "International Child POrn Ring" and that "Pedo
University" was a real organization.  He lost the election.
When it became evident that they were going to investigate the two
companies Vacco had attacked forever and cost them as much money as they
could, they rolled over, which was good for them as individual
corporations, but bad for the "larger picture."
You should look at the policy of Giganews over child porn.  They say call
the FBI.  They are not qualified to determine what it and is not child
porn.  I imagine this is true of most ISPs.  I'd hate to think sysadmins
would need to sit and view pictures all day trying to decide the age of
the participants.
Yes, send the owners of an age verification service to prison for life
because two of their sites not located in the US were alleged to have
child porn.
Again, this is an example of people who were told by the best legal advice
they could obtain that they weren't liable for content getting screwed
over by a jury and a prosecutorial performance that belonged on the Jerry
Springer show.
My take on Landslide is apparently enjoying a life of its own on the Web.
The feds are still grepping the Reedy's customer list by country, and
trying to browbeat foreign LEAs into running around searching peoples
computers and taking their children away.  Aside from the UK, where
pedo-bashing is a national sport, there appear to be few takers.
These festivities are called "Operation Ore", by the way.  And the news
stories are replete with factual errors, calling everyone who had an age
verification code from Landslide, a "person who paid to access child porn
on the Internet," for instance.
Of course, if you'll lie to start a war in Iraq, you'll probably lie about
This is the new crime the Feebs are trying to fabricate.  "Paying for
access to child porn."  This is a step beyond even possession laws, and
could be used to put people in prison for just having a subscription to an
ISP or USenet provider that carries an uncensored fed, or owning an adult
check code that allows access to a single offsore web site which may not
even be illegal in the country that hosts it.
Bear in mind, that the Feebs had no way of telling if any of the 250,000
Landslide customers had looked at anything illegal under US law, or what
sites they had visited.  ALl the convictions in the case from from the
Feebs trolling the customer list trying to sell their own child porn.
So clearly, the next step is to criminalize merely being able to view
child porn if one wished to, whether or not any actual viewing takes
"If it saves just one child."
Kind of like Saddam Hussein's "intent to create weapons of mass
destruction-related programs activities", or whatever the current bar for
justifying Iraq is set at.
Well, one fights porn with fear.  Never clearly articulating what the
rules are by any objective criteria, and slowly pushing the envelope in
the direction you want.
The obvious intention here is to scare ISPs out of carrying Usenet.
Or at least, to force them to block groups whose names suggest they might carry illegal material.  And as we know, this will rapidly lead to a Usenet where all porn and warez are posted to rec.pets.cats. :)

@_date: 2004-04-16 19:53:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: US Brings Freedom of Expression to Iraq 
I just grabbed a transcript of Osama's remarks and read them.  He raises a
number of valid objections to US and Jewish behavior, and seems to have a
much better grasp of reality than Shrub does.
Osama Bin Laden's Offer For Peace
Apr 17, 2004
JUS News Desk
Editors Note: Here is the complete transcript of Osams bin Laden's latest
address as translated by BBC in which he calls for peace with European
counrries on the basis that they withdraw from the lands of the Muslims
and stop spilling Muslims blood.
We remind our viewers that the statements, opinions and points of view
expressed in this article are those of the author and shall not be deemed
to mean that they are necessarily those of Jihad Unspun, the publisher,
editor, writers, contributors or staff.
Complete Statement Of Osama Bin Laden Address to the European Countries
Praise be to Almighty God; Peace and prayers be upon our Prophet Muhammad,
his family, and companions.
This is a message to our neighbours north of the Mediterranean, containing
a reconciliation initiative as a response to their positive reactions.
Praise be to God; praise be to God; praise be to God who created heaven
and earth with justice and who allowed the oppressed to punish the
oppressor in the same way.
Peace upon those who followed the right path: In my hands there is a
message to remind you that justice is a duty towards those whom you love
and those whom you do not. And people's rights will not be harmed if the
opponent speaks out about them. The greatest rule of safety is justice,
and stopping injustice and aggression. It was said: Oppression kills the
oppressors and the hotbed of injustice is evil. The situation in occupied
Palestine is an example. What happened on 11 September [2001] and 11 March
{the Madrid train bombings] is your commodity that was returned to you.
It is known that security is a pressing necessity for all mankind. We do
not agree that you should monopolise it only for yourselves. Also,
vigilant people do not allow their politicians to tamper with their
security. Having said this, we would like to inform you that labelling us
and our acts as terrorism is also a description of you and of your acts.
Reaction comes at the same level as the original action. Our acts are
reaction to your own acts, which are represented by the destruction and
killing of our kinfolk in Afghanistan, Iraq and Palestine.
The act that horrified the world; that is, the killing of the old,
handicapped [Hamas spiritual leader] Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, may God have
mercy on him, is sufficient evidence.
We pledge to God that we will punish America for him, God willing. Which
religion considers your killed ones innocent and our killed ones
worthless? And which principle considers your blood real blood and our
blood water? Reciprocal treatment is fair and the one who starts injustice
bears greater blame.
As for your politicians and those who have followed their path, who insist
on ignoring the real problem of occupying the entirety of Palestine and
exaggerate lies and falsification regarding our right in defence and
resistance, they do not respect themselves. They also disdain the blood
and minds of peoples. This is because their falsification increases the
shedding of your blood instead of sparing it.
Moreover, the examining of the developments that have been taking place,
in terms of killings in our countries and your countries, will make clear
an important fact; namely, that injustice is inflicted on us and on you by
your politicians, who send your sons - although you are opposed to this -
to our countries to kill and be killed.
Therefore, it is in both sides' interest to curb the plans of those who
shed the blood of peoples for their narrow personal interest and
subservience to the White House gang. We must take into consideration that
this war brings billions of dollars in profit to the major companies,
whether it be those that produce weapons or those that contribute to
reconstruction, such as the Halliburton Company, its sisters and
Based on this, it is very clear who is the one benefiting from igniting
this war and from the shedding of blood. It is the warlords, the
bloodsuckers, who are steering the world policy from behind a curtain.
As for President Bush, the leaders who are revolving in his orbit, the
leading media companies and the United Nations, which makes laws for
relations between the masters of veto and the slaves of the General
Assembly, these are only some of the tools used to deceive and exploit
peoples. All these pose a fatal threat to the whole world.
The Zionist lobby is one of the most dangerous and most difficult figures
of this group. God willing, we are determined to fight them. Based on the
above, and in order to deny war merchants a chance and in response to the
positive interaction shown by recent events and opinion polls, which
indicate that most European peoples want peace, I ask honest people,
especially ulema, preachers and merchants, to form a permanent committee
to enlighten European peoples of the justice of our causes, above all
Palestine. They can make use of the huge potential of the media.
I also offer a reconciliation initiative to them, whose essence is our
commitment to stopping operations against every country that commits
itself to not attacking Muslims or interfering in their affairs -
including the US conspiracy on the greater Muslim world. This
reconciliation can be renewed once the period signed by the first
government expires and a second government is formed with the consent of
both parties.
The reconciliation will start with the departure of its last soldier from
our country. The door of reconciliation is open for three months of the
date of announcing this statement.
For those who reject reconciliation and want war, we are ready. As for
those who want reconciliation, we have given them a chance. Stop shedding
our blood so as to preserve your blood. It is in your hands to apply this
easy, yet difficult, formula. You know that the situation will expand and
increase if you delay things. If this happens, do not blame us - blame
yourselves. A rational person does not relinquish his security, money and
children to please the liar of the White House.
Had he been truthful about his claim for peace, he would not describe the
person who ripped open pregnant women in Sabra and Shatila [reference to
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon] and the destroyer of the capitulation
process [reference to the Palestinian-Israeli peace process] as a man of
He also would not have lied to people and said that we hate freedom and
kill for the sake of killing. Reality proves our truthfulness and his lie.
The killing of the Russians was after their invasion of Afghanistan and
Chechnya; the killing of Europeans was after their invasion of Iraq and
Afghanistan; and the killing of Americans on the day of New York
{reference to 11 September] was after their support of the Jews in
Palestine and their invasion of the Arabian Peninsula.
Also, killing them in Somalia was after their invasion of it in Operation
Restore Hope. We made them leave without hope, praise be to God.
It is said that prevention is better than cure. A happy person is he who
learns a lesson from the experience of others.
Heeding right is better than persisting in falsehood.
Peace be upon those who follow guidance.
   Osama bin Laden
   25 Safar 1425
   April 15, 2004

@_date: 2004-04-10 21:33:39
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Gmail as Blacknet (legally required forgetting) 
There are different levels of illegal.  The most important one is the
statute of limitations on suing the individual, and converting the
delinquent debt into a judgment, with which assets can be forcibly seized.
This varies by state, and also varies by whether there is a contracted for
amount in writing, such as a loan or mortgage, or whether the debt is an
"open account", which would cover revolving charge accounts with retail
establishments, and also in most states, credit cards.
A typical statute of limitations for open accounts is 3 years.  Contracts
can go up to 10 years, depending on where you reside.
You can still be sued over any debt, but you can move to dismiss if the
statute of limitations has expired.
The other axis of debt is "reporting", which is how long the credit
bureaus and other organizations which keep files on you can tell other
people about the debt.  This is typically 7 years for delinquencies, and
10 years for bankruptcies and judgments.  This only applies to reporting
for credit purposes.  Nothing is ever expunged from your credit file.  The file is simply redacted according to who is requesting it.  LEAs, and
also in certain cases employers, can see your entire credit file from day
one, with information you have contested, and an audit trail of possibly
successful attempts to have it "removed."
Now, as far as collection practices go, there is absolutely nothing to
prevent your basic brand name credit card company with which you have a 20
year old delinquency, from offering you a financial product which includes
re-affirming all or part of an old debt, even one which has been
discharged through bankruptcy. For instance, they can offer you a new gold card with your charged off
balance on it, forgive all the interest and fees since charge off, charge
no interest, and give you 50 cents on every dollar paid off added to your
credit line, and free tickets to the Super Bowl, all "PRE_APPROVED."
This can do this with money you owe them, or with a delinquent account
they have purchased from someone else in the marketplace.
THe only restriction is that they cannot report you paid off the old debt
to the credit bureaus, if it is over 7 years delinquent.
In almost all cases, you're an idiot to accept such an offer, of course. So, as you see, all of this is a bit more complex than it being "illegal"  to collect on anything over 7 years.  They can't win a lawsuit.  They
can't call you at 2 AM in the morning to bitch if you send them a "cease
and desist" notice.  But they can certainly trade your antique debt in the
debt marketplace, and anyone who buys it is free to think up all the
clever ways they can invent in order to seduce you to pay it off, before
selling it at an even greater discount to the next lowest level of the
delinquent debt food chain.
Now, occasionally, states Attorneys General get after companies who try and collect on old debts.  I remember a few years ago, American Express got some flack over its practice of letting people who went through bankruptcy keep their American Express Cards if they re-affirmed the balance.  It is, however, a largely unregulated industry, aside from an occasional

@_date: 2004-04-11 19:58:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: On Needing Killing 
Words depend greatly on context.  The meaning of words here on the Cypherpunks list, is different than their meaning in the New York Times. If someone said "up the chimneys with the inner-city welfare mutants" in the New York Times, there would be mass rioting in the streets.
I find this with a lot of my stuff that gets taken from this list and
posted in places that I would have written it much differently for, had
those places been its original destination.
So - what happened to Tim?  Can I be the list's new Crusty Retired Engineer now?

@_date: 2004-04-11 19:41:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: BBC: File-sharing to bypass censorship 
Eugen Leitl pastes:
I think the problem here is that material which John Ashcroft, Jerry
Falwell, and Pat Robertson think is wicked, may not be what Ross Anderson
or I think is wicked.  After all, to some people Howard Stern is
disgusting and obscene.  To others, he is merely witty and slightly
Well, it's good to know Professor Anderson values the opinion of an
organization that won't even use the term "child pornography" to refer to
the things that offend Ashcroft, Falwell, and Robertson, but demands
everyone use terms like "pictures of children being abused" and "child
abuse pictures."
As those who flog the Sex Abuse Agenda are well aware, 90% of successful
propaganda is owning the vocabulary.  I am reminded of the changing of the
term "statutory rape" to "child rape" a few years ago, which I am sure we
will all agree is a less than accurate description of a 20 year old who
has consensual sex with a streetwise 17 year old crack whore.
I think Hakin Bey's suggestion that plastering pictures of naked children everywhere is a great form of political theatre has merit.  All the right wing crackpots will have to hide in their homes to avoid having strokes, and the well-balanced representatives of the Forces of Reason can finally live their lives in peace and quiet. Perhaps we can have Public Service Announcements by the Coalition for a Prude-Free AmeriKKKa.
"This is Timmy.  This is TImmy's cock.  This is Timmy's cock in Billy's mouth.  Any questions?"

@_date: 2004-04-15 18:02:53
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: US Brings Freedom of Expression to Iraq 
For extra credit, try to find even one mainstream newspaper in AmeriKKKa's
Rah Rah "free" press in which this international wireservice story is
See the Neocons argue that because the story only appears in the Arab
press, it can't be true.  Hey, it worked with Accused Jewish War Criminal
Ariel Sharon's "The Jewish people control AmeriKKKa" remarks.
Somehow, I don't think beating people and bulldozing their houses and
businesses every time some writing or image the US chooses to characterize as "anti-Coalition" is spotted, does much to further the US message that we are bringing "democracy" to Iraq, and that those opposed to our behavior "hate our freedoms."
It's too bad an alien power can't just lift all 157,000 US troops and associated military hardware from Iraq, compact it into a cube, and drop it on the White House lawn for Shrub to explain to the AmeriKKKan people.
I once said "there are no civilians in Israel, not even the babies" after
the Jewish people re-elected Accused War Criminal and Egregious Human
Rights Violator Ariel Sharon in an overwhelming landslide,
enthusiastically supporting his defiance of International Law, and
deliberate oppression of the Palestinian people.
If the AmeriKKKan people re-elect George W. Bush, who has made a mockery
of the UNited Nations, started a war of conquest based on deliberate lies,
in violation of International Law, with complete contempt for the wishes
of the world community, I don't suppose there'll be any civilians in
AmeriKKKa either, and therefore, it will be impossible to label any
destructive act committed against the US, either at home or abroad, as
KUT, Iraq (AFP) - An Iraqi has died of his wounds after US troops beat
him with truncheons because he refused to remove a picture of wanted
Shiite Muslim leader Moqtada al-Sadr from his car, police said
The motorist was stopped late Tuesday by US troops conducting search
operations on a street in the central city of Kut, Lieutenant Mohamad
Abdel Abbas told AFP.
After the man refused to remove al-Sadr's picture from his car, the
soldiers forced him out of the vehicle and started beating him with
truncheons, he said.
US troops also detained from the same area five men wearing black
pants and shirts, the usual attire of al-Sadr's Mehdi Army militiamen
and followers.
Qassem Hassan, the director of Kut general hospital, identified the
man as Salem Hassan, a resident of a Kut suburb.
He said the man had died of wounds sustained in the beating.

@_date: 2004-04-28 19:57:26
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Lowering the Bar for Threats 
Federal Prosecutors say the conviction of Matthew Hale on charges
including trying to have a federal judge killed sends an important
message.  But don't they always?
The "plot" to kill the federal judge in this case consisted of a recorded
conversation with an FBI Informant which went something like this...
FBI Shill:  Are we gonna exterminate the rat?
Hale:  I'm going to fight within the law and, but, ... if you wish to,
       ah, do anything, yourself, you can. Uh, right.
Emboldened by their latest success in pushing the envelope, the Feebs now
plan to monitor so-called "Hate Sites" more closely, and warn that under
the new standards, simply publishing someone's address could be considered
a murder threat.
Meanwhile, a man totally unconnected with the case is under 24 hour Feeb protection because he has the same name as the aforementioned FBI Shill, and someone posted his address on the Web by mistake.
Murder plotting is easy.  Comedy is hard.  In other threat related news, a 15 year high school freshman in Washington was questioned by the Secret Circus after a portfolio of drawings he turned in featured an armed Middle Eastern man holding an oversized Shrub head on a stick.  We can all thank God he didn't publish the President's address.
So apparently, if someone asks me if I plan to kill the President, and I
reply that I intend to conform my behavior to all the requirements of the
law, but that I wouldn't cry uncontrollably if Shrub were dropped by
parachute into a mob of screaming Iraqi women with cleavers, that's
apparently good for a long prison sentence these days.
I wonder how long it will be until Americans get their houses pushed over with bulldozers for criticizing the government.  Probably at least until after the election.

@_date: 2004-05-20 18:01:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Science: throttling computer viruses 
I have a dual boot system which normally runs Linux.  Since it had been a
couple of months since I last ran XP, I booted it on Tuesday to run
Windows Update, and keep it current with critical patches.  Within
minutes, before I had even downloaded the first update, my box ground to a
nearly screeching halt from Sasser, and some other piece of malware which
was trying to make thousands of connections to random IPs on port 5000.
I've had Linux exposed to the Net for years, and have never had these
kinds of problems.  You really wonder why someone doesn't arrest Bill
Gates for software malpractice.
It's really silly when code can leap into your machine, install itself, configure itself to start up again every time the system is booted, and then sit there using all your system resources looking for other boxes to victimize.  Didn't we learn all we needed to know about provably correct secure inpenetrable kernels with MULTICS in the 1960's?  Why has the world of computing been subjected to 20 years of Microsoft slowly reinventing the wheel starting with DOS, and they still haven't gotten it right.
We recall McDonalds toys with parts kids can bite off and choke on, but we let millions of lines of closed source code that does Lord-knows-what on various network ports run on nearly every machine in the universe with

@_date: 2004-06-24 16:57:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Respect for the Judiciary 
I wonder if any such noises were heard during the Jim Bell trial.
JUNE 24--While seated on the bench, an Oklahoma judge used a male enhancement pump, shaved and oiled his nether region, and pleasured himself, state officials charged yesterday in a petition to remove the jurist.
Visitors to Thompson's Creek County courtroom reported hearing a "swooshing" sound coming from the bench, a noise the court reporter said "sounded like a blood pressure cuff being pumped up."

@_date: 2004-06-21 16:52:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Citizen Units Must Give Names 
One used to have the right to be known by any name one wished, as long as
one did not do so for the purpose of committing fraud, or impersonating
someone else.
One certainly has an absolute right to refuse to speak to a government employee when accosted.  So it is difficult to understand the Court's "reasoning" in this case.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A divided U.S. Supreme Court ruled on Monday that
people are required to identify themselves when asked to do so by police,
and rejected arguments that it violates their constitutional rights to
privacy and to remain silent.

@_date: 2004-06-18 06:48:47
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: AOL and Ellison Kiss and Make Up 
You may remember back in 2000, former literary icon turned copyright pest
Harlan Ellison sued AOL because people were able to access a couple of his
short stories in the Usenet newsgroup alt.binaries.e-book, prompting AOL to
block the newsgroup on its servers.
This earned Ellison a Big Brother award, which he no doubt keeps next to his
Hugo for ""'Repent, Harlequin!' Said the Ticktockman," a story about slavery
to punctuality and mindless conformity.
At the time, I said that if Harlan would send me an address, I would be more
than happy to send him money everytime I read one of his stories on the
Internet for free.
AOL originally got a summary judgment dismissing Harlan's claims, but Harlan
appealed, and the summary judgment was partially reversed, leaving open the
possibility of a trial in which AOL would have to defend its role as a
"passive conduit" for Internet data.
Well, it now appears the parties have reached a settlement, and a joint
press release has been issued, in which Ellison opines...
  <<"Through this litigation, I have come to realize that AOL
   respects the rights of authors and artists, and has a comprehensive
   system for addressing the complaints of copyright holders. I would not
   have settled this case if I were not sure that AOL is doing what it can
   do to fight online piracy. Because not all Internet service providers
   are as responsible as AOL, and because individual acts of online piracy
   continue, I am glad to have called attention to the problem of online
   piracy through this litigation. As promised, I will be repaying every
   cent of the monies contributed to the KICK Internet Piracy Fund by
   writers and readers.">>
You can read the whole blurb at...
Harlan still doesn't get that it was not a useful thing to get an entire
newsgroup blocked over four of his stories, and that like the xeroxing of
paperback books, his unhappiness is best addressed not by jackbooted
persecution of copyright violators, but by making the works widely available
at a reasonable price so people will not have an incentive to reproduce them
by other means.
Perhaps we can all donate to a fund to buy Harlan a clue.

@_date: 2004-06-11 18:41:06
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Reverse Scamming 419ers 
I think we've identified another applicant on the short list for Tim May's old job. :)

@_date: 2004-06-11 18:34:53
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Reverse Scamming 419ers 
Email is free.  That is why we have a spam problem.  If email required 37
cent stamps, it would be no more annoying than junk snailmail.
I would suspect that after initial contact is made, and a "fee" is
transferred, part of that money can be used to fund the appearance of the
scam, and still make a profit.
I think this sort of scamming is a very highly leveraged activity, with an
occasional large payoff, like playing a slot machine with the overall odds
slightly in your favor.  It probably doesn't take too much before these guys
are out in the street with nothing.
Given the number of people worldwide currently in that situation, I probably
won't behave in ways that increase it, even if the person in question is
trying to pick my pocket.
Visionary Philosophers should have higher moral standards than the scum of
the earth.

@_date: 2004-06-11 17:31:07
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Reverse Scamming 419ers 
I visited that 419eaters site, and I must say I have really mixed feelings
about what the people are doing there.
It's certainly unethical for Nigerians to try and make a living by bilking
foreigners with elaborate schemes that promise vast riches in return for an
advance fee.
But Nigeria is a very poor country, with high unemployment, where people are forced by economic circumstances to do almost anything to try and feed their families.  I see no reason to be proud of reverse-scamming a Nigerian out of $80 when it might be his entire family's food money for the month.
Only idiots fall for Nigerian Spam. (well, aside from that lady who worked at a bank, and sent some Nigerian $1.3 million of the bank's money)
It seems to me the relationship between affluent Americans and poor Nigerians is an example of a dominant class/subordinate class structure, and in such a structure, the subordinate class has rights, and the dominant class has responsibilities.
It is beneath the station of those those with the power to define, describe, and profile the world to pick the pocket of some poor black man in Africa, while encouraging him to pose for funny pictures that will be laughed at on some comfortably well off white person's web site.

@_date: 2004-07-06 18:28:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: UBL is George Washington 
Doesn't hitting a world financial center impede the funding of imperialism?
If you apply the same standards the US uses to classify dual use infrastructure, and organizations "linked to" the enemy, I think the WTC is pretty high on the target list. The US bombed water treatment plants, electrical facilities, and bridges in Iraq.  Certainly not military targets either.

@_date: 2004-07-16 17:30:20
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: US Seeks Bobby Fischer Extradition 
Now that AmeriKKKa has successfully invaded the sovereign nation of Iraq in
violation of international law, tortured with impunity, and mocked the rest of the
world with its arrogance, what will it do for an encore?
Settle old political scores, of course.
So it comes as no surprise that the US has had former world chess champion Bobby
FIscher arrested in Japan, and is seeking his extradition to the United States.
Seems in 1992, Mr. Fischer played in the world chess championship in Yugoslavia
which was under UN sanctions prohibiting people from engaging in a "business
enterprise" there.  The US, which has a long history of creatively interpreting UN
resolutions to suit its own ends, decided unilaterally that this prohibition applied
to sporting events, a view held by no other nation in the world.
After Fischer won the match, a federal grand jury indicted him, and he was magically
transformed from world chess champion into a fugutive facing 10 years in prison and
a $250,000 fine.
Unable to protect his business and personal interests in the United States as a
fugitive, his belongings in the US were stolen, and his chess books were freely
reproduced in violation of his copyright, depriving him of the rightful income from
his intellectual property.
Another reason Mr. Fischer's life was magically transformed to shit.  He's openly
critical, as any sane person would be, of Israel and the Jews.  And as we know, you
can't do that and be a public figure in AmeriKKKa without being attacked, although
to even suggest that this is the case instantly gets one accused of "hate speech."
So it should be interesting to see how this case unfolds, in a country where Martha Stewart can go to prison for lying, but Colin Powell can't.

@_date: 2004-08-25 00:56:40
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Another John Young Sighting 
Sounds like the Discordian concept that everyone is a Pope, and therefore infallible, even when they disagree with one another.
Hail Eris.

@_date: 2004-08-20 06:50:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Another John Young Sighting 
Was that our John Young on the Daily Show, talking about being
visited by FBI agents, with the title "Anarchist" under his name?

@_date: 2004-10-29 17:39:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: 100,000 Deaths in Iraq 
Most AmeriKKKans are too stupid to know that when their Poodle Press talks about airstrikes against "insurgent safehouses", they really mean bombing civilian neighborhoods to scare the resistance out of the people.
I wonder how many skyscrapers you'd have to fly planes into in order to kill 100,000 civilians.  THe crimes of Bush et al greatly exceed the crimes of the "terrorists."

@_date: 2004-10-08 07:01:59
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: FBI Raids Indymedia 
According to  the FBI seized Indymedia's servers from their host, Rackspace.
And at The FBI has issued an order to hosting provider Rackspace in the US, ordering it to turn over two of the servers hosting the Independent Media Centre's websites in the UK, a statement from the group says.
Rackspace has offices in the US and the UK. Independent Media Center, which is better known as Indymedia, was set up in 1999 to provide grassroots coverage of the World Trade Organisation (WTO) protests in Rackspace complied with the FBI order, without first notifying Indymedia, and turned over Indymedia's server in the UK. This affects over 20 Indymedia sites worldwide, the group said.
Indymedia said it did not know why the order had been issued as it was issued to Rackspace. Rackspace told some of the group's volunteers "they cannot provide Indymedia with any information regarding the order." ISPs have received gag orders in similar situations which prevent them from updating the parties involved on what is happening.
Indymedia said a second server was taken down at Rackspace. This provided streaming radio to several radio stations, BLAG (a Linux distribution), and a handful of miscellanous things.
In August the US Secret Service used a subpoena in an attempt to disrupt the New York city Independent Media Center before the Republican National COnvention by trying to get IP logs from an ISP in the US and the Last month the US Federal Communications Commission shut down community radio stations around the US. Two weeks ago the FBI asked Indymedia to remove a post on the Nantes IMC that had a photo of some undercover Swiss police and IMC volunteers in Seattle were visited by the FBI on the same Indymedia said the list of local media collectives affected included Ambazonia, Uruguay, Andorra, Poland, Western Massachusetts, Nice, Nantes, Lilles, Marseille (all France), Euskal Herria (Basque Country), Liege, East and West Vlaanderen, Antwerpen (all Belgium), Belgrade, Portugal, Prague, Galiza, Italy, Brazil, UK, part of the Germany site, and the global Indymedia Radio site.

@_date: 2004-11-03 06:54:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: So Who Won? 
So who won the US election?  The turd sandwich, or the giant douche?

@_date: 2004-11-03 22:01:09
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Why you keep losing to this idiot 
Isn't that what Democracy is all about?  The 51% simpletons imposing their will on the 49% non-simpletons?
Proportional representation is our friend.

@_date: 2004-11-06 22:57:20
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: The Values-Vote Myth 
This would only be true if the President were elected by popular vote.
In states where one candidate had a huge majority, the results would not have been Also, voting is in some sense political manipulation to blame the population for the actions of their government.  Everyone who votes is a co-conspirator, and the argument is made that those who don't vote have no right to dissent.
Any government that requires that I vote, or the torture and war crimes are "my fault", is broken to start with.
The fundamental definition of Democracy is still "Your neighbors tell you what to do."  I don't tolerate my neighbors telling me what to do, particularly my neighbors in the Confederacy, which we should have let keep their Negro guest-workers and drop out of the union when the opportunity presented itself.
Now they outnumber us, and we are paying for it.
The only government I need is "Leave me alone, or face serious consequences."  Similarly, I leave others alone.

@_date: 2005-01-14 01:48:13
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: Florida man faces bioweapon charge 
RAH pastes:
I'm confused here.  Is possession of castor beans possession of ricin?  Is possession of chopped castor beans possession of ricin?
I could pick up a container of Drano, and make the same commment.  Big Still legal to own, as far as I know.
Obviously this news story is the grand prize winner in an innuendo And WTF does this have to do with the guy with the castor beans?
Looks like "Ricin Theatre" has joined "Anthrax Theatre" in the armory of Weapons of Mass Deception.

@_date: 2005-03-24 21:55:40
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: The Register: Anonymity no protection for online libellers 
If they can find out who you are, you aren't "anonymous," you are Anonymous means no trail was created which might be examined to disclose your identity, and no individuals are in possession of that information, and might disclose it.
Confidential means the information exists, but that people have promised to keep it secret, until they change their minds.
There is a vast difference, for instance, between confidential HIV testing, and anonymous HIV testing.
When I want to be anonymous online, I rely on technology, not peoples promises, and if this individual had been truly anonymous, he would not have been identified.

@_date: 2005-03-27 06:35:23
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: AP For Starvation Judge 
According to a cast of characters which include a euthanasia proponent, a lawyer at the forefront of dehydration advocacy for the brain-damaged, and a doctor who thinks its morally acceptable to starve Alzheimer's patients to death.
I think we have to divide things we do for disabled people into "care" and "heroic medical measures."  I consider a feeding tube to fall into the former category.
That which we may do to ourselves, if we are functioning, exceeds that which we may require others to do to us if we are not.  I can deny myself food, water, and air, for instance.  I cannot instruct others to deny me those things if I am rendered incapable of making my own decisions.
I can instruct them to deny me things like a respirator, or dialysis, of course, which is reasonable.
There is no reason for the feeding tube to be removed at all.  It is not valuable.  It is not horribly invasive or uncomfortable.  It is not going to be taken out and used on another patient.  They can certainly starve and dehydrate her to death with the tube in place.  In fact, leaving it in place would be a prudent thing to do, to spare her the risk of having to have a new one installed if the decision to kill her is reversed before she dies.
THe only reason the tube is being removed, is because they are playing the game that "The Tube" is keeping her alive.  In reality, nutrition and hydration are keeping her alive, and in fact, they are also keeping you and me alive too.
Nutrition and hydration are "care," not "heroic medical measures," and while people can refuse to eat and drink themselves, they should not be able to leave advance directives demanding others deny them such things.
If Terri were able to be spoon fed by an attendant, would the judge have then ordered "spoon and attendant withdrawal?"  Would the papers report that "the spoon is keeping her alive artificially?"
If you want to make an argument for killing the cognitively impaired, let's at least call it what it is, and not engage in political theatre over feeding tubes.
Well, I would argue that you do not have a legal right to demand others restrict your air, food, and water, unless they need to be delivered in invasive uncomfortable ways that reduce your human dignity.
You are of course welcome to not breathe, drink, or eat as long as you are in charge, but you do not have the right to demand we kill you by withholding such things if you become disabled.
I think euthanasia is fine if the patient is suffering horribly, has all their marbles, and has less than six months to linger from a terminal Terri Schiavo meets none of these criteria.
I certainly don't support the right of an adulterous spouse who swore up and down at the malpractice trial that he only wanted to care for his wife for the rest of her natural life, and who didn't mention her "wish" to not go on until 7 years after her brain injury, to have his brain-damaged wife starved and dehydrated to death solely on his say-so, absent any written indication of her wishes.

@_date: 2005-03-27 04:05:14
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Re: AP For Starvation Judge 
Somehow letting someone who has lived 15 years with a significant brain injury live out the rest of their normal life span just doesn't provoke people the same way dehydrating and starving them does.
I don't believe in the existence of a supernatural, but I certainly wouldn't take water and food away from any human with a functioning brain stem, particularly when there are people to whom that person's life has meaning, and who are willing to provide them with care.
The interesting political lesson here is that one stubborn judge, and his pals who band together to support him, can defy the will of the President of the United States, the Governor of the State of Florida, and a majority of both houses of Congress.
Of the three equal branches of government, the unelected branch is more equal than the other two.  Of course, we've known that since Marbury vs

@_date: 2005-03-26 19:04:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: AP For Starvation Judge 
This just in from CNN:
 [FBI agents have arrested a North Carolina man on suspicion of soliciting   offers over the Internet to kill Michael Schiavo and Judge Greer.   Richard Alan Meywes of Fairview is accused of offering $250,000 for the   killing of Schiavo and another $50,000 for the "the elimination of the   judge who ruled against Terri."]
Given that the real problem in this case is one stubborn judge, and all the other judges sticking with him, I'm not really sure the bounty allocation cited is the best possible one.
Michael Schiavo doesn't, by himself, have the power to completely thwart the wishes of the President of the United States, the Governor of the State of Florida, and an overwhelming majority of both houses of Congress.
He is an insignificant pipsqueak, and were he not being backed by the judiciary, the more equal of the three equal branches of government, he would have been marginalized and ignored years ago.
I wonder how much it is going to cost the taxpayers for the round the clock army this judge is going to need to protect his sorry life for the remainder of it.
