
@_date: 2008-02-04 21:06:23
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Re: undersea cable cuts 
Hadn't heard this was malicious ... you have a reference?  (I can't really cause them terrorists as not sure cutting some cables terrorizes anybody except some CEO's and insurance companies who have to pay out as a result . .not exactly terror here)

@_date: 2008-03-01 01:50:07
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Re: How long can you go with an expired key? 
Personally I haven't seen this in the commercial world but on the government side (at least NASA and DOD, heard DHS and DOE also but can't confirm them) they pushed organization wide PKI smark card initiatives (DOD CAC and NASA HSPD12) which by default encrypt and sign all emails to allow sensitive data to transverse public networks without snooping or alteration.  Now we can argue how effective it is or how many folk disable it BUT thats a different issue (e.g. its more in use in non-DOD agencies than DOD and disabled less regularly in the finance and personal shops than combat arms)

@_date: 2008-12-01 16:56:41
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell Looking for a Job Out of Jail in 2009 
> I am still in prison, and I will probably be so until Sept 2009. (You
 > know I was railroaded.) I am very, very worried about my future.
 > When I get out, I will have nearly no assets and I will need a job.
 > Right now I'm "networking" to figure out how I will live under
 > exceedingly trying circumstances.
I was cleaning up some old emails and ran across this, did Jim ever get out and anybody know if he's doing ok.  Got burned for being a man ahead of his time.

@_date: 2009-12-17 16:54:59
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Re: Insurgents Hack U.S. Drones 
Nothing new, this was a known issue and being done back when I was in Iraq in 2005

@_date: 2010-01-06 12:11:39
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Re: Mixminion 
It was effectively killed (or put into hiatus) when Roger Dingledine
hired Nick Mathewson to work full time for him on tor a couple years
ago.  Mixminion was effectively Nick and Roger's baby.  Roger jumped
first to pursue Tor full time and then brought Nick over later.  Since
then nobody had picked up the torch.
I spoke with Roger about this a couple years ago at Defcon and his take
was basically he could do more good (and arguably has) with Tor than he
ever could with Mixminion given the steep entry curve for normal users
to Mixminion, the indifference of the layperson to anonymous email given
the growing Web 2.0 post-email web forums and blogs, and a greater need
for anonymous surfing, posting, and tcp streams than email.
I have cc'ed Roger on this if he wants to add further information; I
don't have Nicks email.

@_date: 2010-01-07 14:06:56
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd] NIST-certified USB Flash drives with hardware 
Because, IIRC, the standard just certified the vendors implementation of
actual encryption algorithm, not the device as a whole or what happens
outside encryption.
I might be wrong as been two years since I looked at this but I think
that was the problem we ran into when trying to find a FIPS 140-2
compliant bluetooth device for one of the flags officers I was
supporting (per the DISA Wireless STIG requirement:
At the end of the day we couldn't find an acceptable one but being a
flag he just used a signed off on using non-approved one anyways because
flags are special like that.

@_date: 2010-07-01 20:05:49
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Re: sneakernet 
Your are forgetting about the offline kinetic thug connectors in place to deal with sneakernet.

@_date: 2010-12-25 20:23:49
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Re: administrivia: surviving nodes? 
I'm on travel right now (hence can't access my local archives) but anybody have access to the archives?  I believe detailed directions were in the same post where it was announced JETF was being taken down or at least somewhere in that time frame.  Maybe 2005'ish IIRC.

@_date: 2011-03-20 02:03:12
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Liberty Dollar - Final Nail? 
Anybody have the court records? (John??)
For Immediate Release
March 18, 2011 	United States Attorney's Office
Western District of North Carolina
Contact: (704) 344-6222
Defendant Convicted of Minting His Own Currency
STATESVILLE, NCbBernard von NotHaus, 67, was convicted today by a federal jury of making, possessing, and selling his own coins, announced Anne M. Tompkins, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of North Carolina. Following an eight-day trial and less than two hours of deliberation, von NotHaus, the founder and monetary architect of a currency known as the Liberty Dollar, was found guilty by a jury in Statesville, North Carolina, of making coins resembling and similar to United States coins; of issuing, passing, selling, and possessing Liberty Dollar coins; of issuing and passing Liberty Dollar coins intended for use as current money; and of conspiracy against the United States. The guilty verdict concluded an investigation which began in 2005 and involved the minting of Liberty Dollar coins with a current value of approximately $7 million. Joining the U.S. Attorney Anne M. Tompkins in making todaybs announcement are Edward J. Montooth, Acting Special Agent in Charge of the FBI, Charlotte Division; Russell F. Nelson, Special Agent in Charge of the United States Secret Service, Charlotte Division; and Sheriff Van Duncan of the Buncombe County Sheriffbs Office.
According to the evidence introduced during the trial, von NotHaus was the founder of an organization called the National Organization for the Repeal of the Federal Reserve and Internal Revenue Code, commonly known as NORFED and also known as Liberty Services. Von NotHaus was the president of NORFED and the executive director of Liberty Dollar Services, Inc. until on or about September 30, 2008.
Von NotHaus designed the Liberty Dollar currency in 1998 and the Liberty coins were marked with the dollar sign ($); the words dollar, USA, Liberty, Trust in God (instead of In God We Trust); and other features associated with legitimate U.S. coinage. Since 1998, NORFED has been issuing, disseminating, and placing into circulation the Liberty Dollar in all its forms throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. NORFEDbs purpose was to mix Liberty Dollars into the current money of the United States. NORFED intended for the Liberty Dollar to be used as current money in order to limit reliance on, and to compete with, United States In coordination with the Department of Justice, on September 14, 2006, the United States Mint issued a press release and warning to American citizens that the Liberty Dollar was bnot legal tender.b The U.S. Mint press release and public service announcement stated that the Department of Justice had determined that the use of Liberty Dollars as circulating money was a federal crime.
Article I, section 8, clause 5 of the United States Constitution delegates to Congress the power to coin money and to regulate the value thereof. This power was delegated to Congress in order to establish and preserve a uniform standard of value and to insure a singular monetary system for all purchases and debts in the United States, public and private. Along with the power to coin money, Congress has the concurrent power to restrain the circulation of money which is not issued under its own authority in order to protect and preserve the constitutional currency for the benefit of all citizens of the nation. It is a violation of federal law for individuals, such as von NotHaus, or organizations, such as NORFED, to create private coin or currency systems to compete with the official coinage and currency of the United Von NotHaus, who remains free on bond, faces a sentence of up to 15 yearsb imprisonment on count two of the indictment and a fine of not more than $250,000. Von NotHaus faces a prison sentence of five years and fines of $250,000 on both counts one and three. In addition, the United States is seeking the forfeiture of approximately 16,000 pounds of Liberty Dollar coins and precious metals, currently valued at nearly $7 million. The forfeiture trial, which began today before United States District Court Judge Richard Voorhees, will resume on April 4, 2011 in the federal courthouse in Statesville. Judge Voorhees has not yet set a date for the sentencing of von NotHaus.
bAttempts to undermine the legitimate currency of this country are simply a unique form of domestic terrorism,b U.S. Attorney Tompkins said in announcing the verdict. bWhile these forms of anti-government activities do not involve violence, they are every bit as insidious and represent a clear and present danger to the economic stability of this country,b she added. bWe are determined to meet these threats through infiltration, disruption, and dismantling of organizations which seek to challenge the legitimacy of our democratic form of government.b
The case was investigated by the FBI, Buncombe County Sheriffbs Department, and the U.S. Secret Service, in cooperation with and invaluable assistance of the United States Mint. The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Jill Westmoreland Rose and Craig D. Randall, and the forfeiture trial is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Tom Ascik and Ben Bain Creed.

@_date: 2011-05-17 23:00:53
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Re: [silk] Bitcoin 
I'm not so sure
that's true.  Given the network at all times knows the amount of nodes out
there (hence the 50%+1 rule for consensus) it would be trivial for a NSA
(Nation State Actor, not TLA) to stand up 50%+1 virtual nodes fast enough to
gain consensus and usurp the currencies (tokens) if I understand correctly the
mechanism for determining legitimate tokens from the EconTalk interview.  Am I
missing something here?

@_date: 2011-06-06 18:13:13
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: OT: Fun NANOG Discussion on Guns, society, etc 
Not really OT but what is anymore on this list.  Fun read over on NANOG right
now that reminds me of conversations we had on here over a decade ago.
start is around here:   ...
shadows/ghosts of some of our members.
2011 10:45:13 -0400
law enforcement is effective enough to prevent the average
criminal from
having access to firearms, then the law-abiding population can
be compelled to
disarm. That day is coming through US force as "Operation Gun Runner" from
ATF allowed Mexican drug cartel straw purchasers to come in, purchase
5 or
so AK-47 rifles, and when the gun store owner had suspicions
about not selling
it - the ATF told the owner to "let the guns walk"
so the group could track
down the weapons. Unfortunately, those weapons were used to kill a DEA agent
in Mexico
and a Border Patrol agent who was only armed with bean bag rounds in
his shotgun then died trying to cycle out those rounds to put in live
Also with al-CIAda patsy Adam Gahdan inaccurately reporting in his
video to other jihadists about purchasing "automatic weapons"
from gun shows,
I believe the ball is rolling for everyone in the
United States to be disarmed
through force by new legislation to
outlaw weapons. I do not think the average
gun owner would ever disarm
because the gun culture in our country is so deep
and passionate in
any freedom loving citizen's blood. The Second
Amendment, in my opinion and most gun owners agree with,
was put in the Bill
of Rights for the average citizen to remove
tyrants if the process of
democracy does not work. At present, the average criminal in my area does not
have firearms, and so I
do not own one. Gun crime is on the increase, however,
so this situation may
change. Better get one before it's too late :-) --
--C "The dumber people think you are, the more surprised they're going to
be when you kill them." - Sir William Clayton

@_date: 2011-06-09 18:30:46
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Re: [p2p-hackers] The State of Mixminion and Mixmaster Twitter 
Gad can somebody reformat that into something that is readable
