
@_date: 2011-09-12 21:09:09
@_author: Phillip 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor banned in Pakistan. 
I've heard about these laws, and agree that they're quite idiotic, but
they're no different to a lot of other countries (try getting a drink
somewhere in London after 11-12 PM, even on a Friday/Saturday night -
clubs only)!
If you have any links for this, even in Russian, I'd be very curious! A
lot of governments are not happy with Skype, because it does use very
strong point-to-point encryption (i.e. you can intercept the traffic
between two people, but not decode it unless you have access to the
company's backdoor). Even worse with BlackBerry.
Not sure if they're trying to ban Tor, but I think they'd have a tough
time banning VPNs and encryption (like in Pakistan) - a lot of Russia's
Internet service providers work on Ethernet connections to the home, and
the log-in is done via VPN...
Yep, the SORM -  It's similar to ECHELON, but on a more local level - ECHELON is truly
global, and will no doubt scan this e-mail before it gets to the mail
list ;)
I think SORM can sniff the traffic going through a connection, but I
don't think it can decode Tor traffic - it would need access to your
computer, the private keys etc. I'm no expert on Tor encryption, but I
don't think they could get to it that easily, even if they can send a
virus to your computer (someone, help? :)) They would see an encrypted
stream flowing through, that's all.
It would be even better if you run as a node on the Tor network, even if
you use a small part of your connection - that way it's much much more
difficult to correlate traffic!
From what I gather, Putin's fortune is estimated $30 billion,
more than Abramovich, so I doubt he'd have any interest from income in
the show-biz! ;)) And in case anyone's interested, rutracker.org most
likely puts suprnova, mininova, pirate bay etc to shame with the amount
of content it tracks, very usable with Google Chrome/auto-translate! ;))
As long as government is calling for Tor and other
encryption/anonymizing solutions to be banned, it means that we're on
the right track, and that it's still too expensive/time consuming for
them to crack it (if at all possible)!
It's much easier to arrest someone for using VPN, like in Pakistan, or
to force someone to hand over the passwords to your keys, like in the
UK, than to hack it!
I know about the crackdown on LiveJournal, but never knew that it was
bought out by SUP... I thought it was still American (and that that's
why it couldn't be shut down by FSB)?!
No one ever 'permits' spying, it just happens ;)
Tor goes a long way towards solving that problem, but it's not immune.
If the FSB can see all traffic going into the network through the SORM
system, and then filter out everything but the Tor traffic, and then
correlate that with some bogus exit nodes it sets up around the world,
it's not impossible to imagine they have the ability to correlate
traffic that goes in and traffic that goes out...
This is why Tor should only be your first line of defence - any e-mail
or other potentially-sensitive information should only be sent over
Another thing - knock on wood - you and your friends might not be
"interesting" enough to the authorities to come after... You may be
opposed to Putin and Medvedev, but then again, so are a lot of Russians,
their ratings have been going down the toilet over the last few years.
I can imagine them doing a lot of things, becoming more authoritarian
and draconian, but I'd argue that Stalin-style raids about as likely in
the US or UK
as in Russia!
Like I said, knock on wood, so far there's no indication that they would
go that far, and such a crackdown would be really bad news for its
rapidly developing economy... It's impossible to go back to Stalinist
control without blocking Internet, TV, radio, computers, mobile phones,
killing 20 million people and taking the country back to the dark ages!

@_date: 2011-09-09 23:39:15
@_author: Phillip 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor banned in Pakistan. 
Hi Orionjur,
Sorry to burst your bubble, but Russia is one of the last places I can
imagine banning VPN's and Tor, especially from what I gather from my
contacts in Russia... the FSB already has direct access to all Internet
connection hubs (i.e. in an apartment building), completely by-passing
ISPs and legal requirements!
Have you seen the Russian net? The amount of piracy (as well as Tor
traffic!) that goes through there is staggering! Regardless of all of
the capabilities, authorities are simply not interested in you unless
you *really* step on some toes (and, hint hint, running a Tor relay or
exit node hasn't drawn their wrath so far)... And if you do happen to be
such a person, it is much easier to break your door down using existing
laws (using the crackdown on pirate copies of Windows as an excuse, for
example) than amending the laws to include VPNs!
But you're definitely right about the danger of the capability to block
VPN's - I thought it was restricted to China and other such extreme
regimes. If they can break your door down *just* because they're seeing
encrypted traffic, there's definitely a problem!
Which, of course, doesn't eliminate false positives, like running
Facebook with the https always option turned on, or gmail, or any other
SSL-encrypted site...

@_date: 2012-04-17 14:06:53
@_author: Phillip 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Feds shutter online narcotics store that used TOR to hide its tracks 
I agree only to a certain extent. Paypal and Western Union are easily
traceable. If it was that easy to track down Tor and BitCoin users, Silk
Road would have fallen as well.
However, even with BitCoin, it may be possible to pin down transactions,
or at least narrow the list down considerably. Once you get a foothold,
it can be relatively straight forward to trace the origins (or
destination) of the BitCoins to an exchange...
Interesting and scary read in any case!
tor-talk mailing list
