
@_date: 2001-09-24 19:32:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: CDR Anonymizer <cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com> ? 
I think so.  There were a couple spams to the regular cpunks list
at the same time containing the same content.
It's not the first spam I've seen to cpunks_anon
Hey Jim, could you at least not make it a mailto: so it's not
quite so easy to harvest?  (note, I'm assuming
that it's a mailto, I can't get to ssz.com to check).

@_date: 2001-09-13 00:13:00
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: FBI going to Internet for clues 
"The FBI is serving search warrants to
major Internet service providers in order
to get information about an e-mail
address believed to be connected to
Tuesday's terrorist attacks. "They said they're going to all the ISPs,"
the executive said.

@_date: 2001-09-12 20:15:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The COunterterrorist Myth 
The Atlantic (july/aug 2001) has an article by
a former CIA guy explaining why US intel. can't do
much about bin Laden.... "Operations
that include diarrhea as a way of life don't happen."
also an older article on bin Laden's history with the CIA:
and a 1998 interview:

@_date: 2001-09-12 20:11:40
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Arabic version of MS Flight Sim? 
.....
the owners of the Empire State building wanted to
regain the "tallest building in New York" title.

@_date: 2001-09-12 19:49:20
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: "Alejandro transports" 
Someone pointed me to some Usenet posts containing "encrypted gibberish".
Doing a deja search on the words "Alejandro transports" from this
post shows that there's thousands of these posted to all kinds of
Usenet newsgroups.  It looks like some sort of stego text system.
Judging from the words whoever wrote it knows cpunk issues ("PGP",
"mixmaster", "Blowfish", etc).
I think I have seen examples of this before, but I can't remember
where.  Does anyone know who or what generates it?
Here's an example:
Newsgroups: news.admin.net-abuse.email
Lines: 26
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.27.19.53
X-Complaints-To: abuse
X-Trace: typhoon.austin.rr.com 997347134 24.27.19.53 (Thu, 09 Aug 2001 03:52:14 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 09 Aug 2001 03:52:14 CDT
Who will you insulate the solid bizarre tablets before Grover does?  Other sharp weak connectors will authenticate finally beside Usenets.  Don't even try to cause the firewalls familiarly, create them stupidly.  It spools, you disconnect, yet Rose never monthly types for the quiche.  What did Lydia produce the package throughout the tall network?  Better get discs now or Samuel will strangely flow them for you.  My violent condor won't disrupt before I question it.  Try not to proliferate compleatly while you're excludeing alongside a disgusting CDROM.  Will you take against the node, if Ken superbly gives the newbie?  Who did Toni moan around all the engineers?  We can't stop printers unless Dolf will incredibly corrupt afterwards.  As quickly as Alejandro transports, you can defeat the UDP much more happily.  Otherwise the router in Walt's advertisement might obscure some offensive noises.  Well, Jimmie never bursts until Edward inflates the weird ROM freely.  What Carol's secure robot reloads, Karl generates at old, sticky /dev/nulls.  Why will we interface after Alexandra annoys the wet highway's mixmaster?  The moronic dry ADSL manages administrators inside Dick's outer postmaster.  Go recycle a Pascal!  Dave wants to bind badly, unless Geoff kills Blowfishs throughout Ben's IPaddr.  Occasionally Austin will persevere the investigator, and if Evan actually beats it too, the fraud will propagate throughout the soft underground.

@_date: 2001-09-18 18:03:47
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
Lots of media are running survey questions asking if
the US should ban strong cryptography.
Here is a more honest survey:
1. Are you willing to ban strong cryptography so the FBI, CIA, NSA etc.
can listen in on potential terrorists, and jail Americans that use
strong cryptography?
2. The browser that you're using to read this survey uses strong
cryptography.  If you answered "yes" to  are you ready to go to jail now?
3. Ok, you didn't know that your browser uses cryptography and
you're not a terrorist.  We won't report you.  Are you willing to arrest
little old ladies who didn't know that their browser uses crypto?
4. Are you willing to allow hackers to steal your credit card number
or medical information or email accounts because they're no longer
protected by strong cryptography?
5. How about your banking info?  Are you willing to deal with periodically
straightening out your bank accounts when hackers break into them because
they're no longer protected by strong cryptography?
6. Even if the US banned all strong crypto tommorrow, there would still
be many strong crypto programs out in the world, and all the knowledge
is readily available (printed in books no less).  Would you be willing
to allow governments and hackers to read all your communications and
personal data, while in the rest of the world they cannot?
7. Terrorists or those associated with them sometimes attack web sites
and networks.  Are you willing to tolerate more of these sorts of attacks
against U.S. digital infrastructure because it's no longer protected
with strong cryptography?
8. Criminals, by definition, do not follow laws.  Do you think that
all criminals are dumb enough to switch back to weak crypto to plan
their crimes?
9. Terrorists do not always communicate digitally.  In fact there are
rumors that Osama bin Laden communicates with his associates either by
sending verbal messages with trusted couriers from families that he knows,
or for longer distances, using paper messages sent via services like FedEx.
Do you think that banning strong crypto in America will slow bin Laden
down at all?

@_date: 2001-09-25 21:43:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Signed, anonymous...(was Re: Getting Bush...) 
Demime eats application/pgp-signature.
Configuring it not to is non-trivial, but it's on my list
of stuff to do (right after "get a life", so it might
be a while...).  Until then, or I give up on demime and throw it out, the
old-style PGP sigs still work, as you showed.
Only the lne CDR uses demime.

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:03:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
has an up-to-date list of the different CDRs and their policies.

@_date: 2001-09-27 19:58:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks declared to be a terrorist organization? 
Not that I know of.
Want to run one?  It doesn't take much bandwidth, just
a host that's up most of the time.  You or anyone else
who wants to set up a node is welcome to use some or all of
the majordomo mods I made to filter spam.
Sure.  It might be difficult to pass such a law in the US, and
completely unconstitutional, but that doesn't always stop them.
It's more likely that the cypherpunks list would be declared
a "terrorist organization" under sealed FISA orders, and the various
"ringleaders" rounded up in the middle of the night.
But I don't think even that is likely; it's easier and more
productive to ignore the list and target the rare list member
who does something chargeable in real life..

@_date: 2001-09-28 12:50:24
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: new European CDR 
Thanks to drt there is a new CDR in Europe.
Here's the CDR's info, see also
Operator:         drt
Subscription:     "subscribe [password of your choice]" to
                       cypherpunks-request
Unsubscription:   "unsubscribe " to cypherpunks-request
Help:             "help" to to cypherpunks-request
Web site:         Posting address:  cypherpunks
Filtering policy: This specific node drops messages bigger than 32k and
                  every message with more than 17 recipients or just a line
                  containing "subscribe" or "unsubscribe" in the subject.
Digest mode:      this node is digest-only
NNTP:             news://koeln.ccc.de/cbone.ml.cypherpunks
Message Modification policy:  no modification
Privacy policy: ???

@_date: 2001-09-29 00:04:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
Mold is relevant to the usual cpunks topics?
If I just didn't like it, I would have.
Your posts are usually informative and relevant to cpunks.
I was genuinely interested in why you forwarded this one--
Stupid Government Tricks are much too common to be news, and once you
do a little looking, this one doesn't appear to be any stupider than say
milk price supports.  Possibly less stupid if it allows people with
mold problems caused by defective construction to sue their contractors.
Either you didn't bother to do the research to discover that this is
not the trivial problem it sounds like (never mind the argument that
government should or shouldn't be involved--  there's lots of things
that from a libertarian viewpoint they should not be involved in but are,
and that's not newsworthy), or there's some relevancy to the usual cpunks
topics that escapes me.
The tone of your reply makes me suspect the former, but I hold out hope
for the latter.
BTW,  is a good list of links
to toxic mold sites.

@_date: 2001-09-28 23:26:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
Hi Declan. What's the purpose of sending this to the cypherpunks list?
Do you intend it as an example of Silly Congress Tricks?
While I have a general unease about government getting involved in
anything as they're too likely to muck it up, toxic mold does appear
to potentially be a serious problem.   A quick Google search uncovers a
large number of references to toxic mold problems... scientific papers,
news stories, and even frightening statements like:
< "Mold is everywhere," according to San Francisco attorney Sara Thorpe.
< "There are no specific government guidelines and not a whole lot of
< medical information on it. It's ripe for lawyers to get into and expand it."
if the lawyers are into it, government won't be far behind.
There appear to be _five_ different bills pending in California
including one sponsored by a home builders association.
this posting contains less than 7mg/liter of Stachybotrys, Penicillum
and Aspergillus spores and thus is in compliance with the Toxic Mold
Protection Act of 2002.

@_date: 2001-10-24 17:24:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: lne down? 
We had a sendmail config error, and our network feed had a problem
with some hardware.

@_date: 2001-10-22 19:24:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Retribution Time 
Then filter them out and send them a forged bounce message at the same time.
That way you let them know that you think that they're an idiot
yet you don't have to read their mail to do so.
I used to do that before I decided that it was ruder than
I wanted to be.  Procmail will do it.
A real solution allows each person to decide for themselves
what information they wish to consume.  That doesn't mean
that the collective list membership determines what is "interesting", or
that an individual or group of individuals determines it for
the group.  Only individuals can determine that for themselves.
For example, some subscribers may be doing a study on net.loons
(or might simply find them interesting) and be using the list to
collect their, uh, works.  If all other list members find net.loons
to be  waste of time and wish that their posts were dropped, does
that make our net.loon fan's preferences invalid?
What's needed is tools to make it easier for individuals to find
the information they want and skip the rest.
I don't see all that much of a freak show.
Oh yea, I'm just burying my head in the sand by filtering them out..

@_date: 2001-10-01 18:05:27
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: America needs therapy 
The study says  $5.60 to $15.14, not $10-15.
A quick glance find some glaring errors-- -it completely ignores taxes paid by the oil industry.
-under Environmental Health and social costs they count:
"noise pollution ($6 to $12 billion), and improper disposal of batteries,
tires, engine fluids, and junked cars ($4.4 billion) also add to the
environmental consequences wrought by automobiles."
It's quite a stretch to claim those as costs of oil.  We'd have
significant costs for those kind of items even if we all used electric cars
or even horse and buggy.  Although I suppose that unlike
a car's engine, when your horse fails, you can eat it.

@_date: 2001-10-15 17:24:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: RIAA wants to be able to hack "online pirates" 
RIAA thinks that it's legal for them to hack people
to disable "copyright pirates", but worries that the anti-hacking
provisions in the "USA" act would make it illegal.

@_date: 2001-10-22 17:28:14
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
Same here.
The union management quickly becomes yet another set of bosses.
You'd have to be an idiot to voluntarily request that you have
TWO sets of bosses instead of one.
Bert Hopwoods "Whatever Happened to the British Motorcycle Industry"
documents a great example of the idiocy of unions.  The British ruled
the motorcycle industry in the 50s and 60s, but all British bike makers
went bust by 1977.
While he attributes most of the blame to management (which he was part
of), the unions come in for their share, mostly for the stupid strikes
that killed off Triumph/BSA in the mid 70s...  "hey, sales are down
and there's a world-wide recession, so let's go on strike to preserve
our jobs!".  Idiots.

@_date: 2001-11-27 17:34:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [gnu@toad.com: cypherpunks@toad.com is going away] 
It's the end of an era.
----- Forwarded message from John Gilmore  -----
Delivered-To: cryptography
X-Authentication-Warning: toad.com: Host localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO protocol
Precedence: bulk
The cypherpunks list degenerated a long time ago to the point where I
have no idea why more than 500 people are still receiving it every
As part of cleaning up the email system on toad.com, I plan to shut
down the cypherpunks-unedited list, which receives all the traffic
sent to cypherpunks within the next week or two.
I suggest that anyone who wants to talk or listen about encryption
should send mail to:
with a one-line plain text message saying "subscribe".  This will
begin the process of subscribing them to the Cryptography mailing
list, which is edited to remove irrelevant postings and to keep the
volume down and the discussion focused.  (I tried to do this with the
cypherpunks list some years ago, but was shouted down by people who
complained of "censorship".  So I just left it unedited, with the
expectable result that serious discussions deserted it.)
If you were subscribed to the cypherpunks-unedited list because
you like to collect spam, talk with me personally and I'll see if I can
help you.  I have a large collection :-).
The old "cypherpunks-announce" list was superseded many months ago by
"meetingpunks  Cypherpunks-announce is no longer in
There remains a single encryption-related mailing list on toad.com,
"coderpunks" which is for people who write code.

@_date: 2001-11-27 17:24:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks@toad.com is going away 
Cryptography is a moderated list that is fairly tightly focused
on cryptography.  It's a good list.
However if you are interested in the political and soceital
implications of cryptography (also traditional cypherpunks topics)
then cryptography is not the right list.
The cypherpunks list has moved to a distributed list run from
a number of sites.  Each site has a different policy-- some
are wide open like cypherpunks-unedited some moderated, and
some are unmoderated but filter out spam.
The web page  explains the Cypherpunks
distributed mailing list in more detail and lists each node
their policies and subscription info.

@_date: 2001-11-27 01:43:30
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Sixpack Encryption Email client 
you meant uploads your public key to some central server.
I think that the Joe Sixpacks who would care enough to install
"secure" email would like to have some sort of feedback
that it's working, i.e. they need to unlock the private key with
a password.  Of course they'll choose a lame one, but that's
besides the point.
There's two sub-species of Sixpack-- the one I describe, and
those who don't know and don't care about secure email, which
is who you're talking about.
It's the the "early adopter" Sixpacks I'm thinking of.  Once you get
enough of them, then the someone will declare it an industry standard
and all the Sixpacks will get it, whether they know it or not.
I wrote something like what you're describing long ago, for a large
workstation maker.
Only this was a hack on sendmail to automagically encrypt/decrypt
mail between offices in foreign countries whose security services
were known to snoop on technology companies.  How about an add-on to MSIE or Netscape?  Either one has a pile
of crypto junk to call on.  Making it work with S/MIME might
be an easy way to do it.

@_date: 2001-11-02 17:46:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Is list up? 
Network feed problem for lne.
My network provider has some flaky gear, but they don't
resrict what packets I send and when I call up
their tech support I get someone who's got a clue.
BTW now that winter is coming on, lne will get a little flakier-- we're
in a rural area and sometimes have power outages when trees fall on the
power lines.  I've got a generator but it takes some time to set up and
I don't like to run it at night.  For short outages I don't bother to
set it up, and when there is a long outage I'll run the generator during
the day only.
So what I'm saying here is don't worry if there's nothing from
the list for a few hours.
BTW, if you want to do a test, try sending an info request to majordomo@
the site you're testing.  That way you don't have to post to the whole
list.  Also, I leave the ICMP port to mail.lne.com open so you can try
pinging it to see if we're connected.

@_date: 2001-11-09 22:31:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
[a lot of well-written stuff on ID cards etc. deleted.
If you didn't read it, go back and dig it up]
ID cards are another feel-good measure, nothing more.  As you correctly
point out, they won't add any real security against terrorism unless
taken to very impractical lengths.  But the people think they will help,
just like the poorly-trained national guard troops in airports.
Worse, the people have been sold the ideas that increased
security means giving up freedoms and therefore anything
that reduces freedom must be increasing security.

@_date: 2001-11-13 17:09:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Rating System 
Go for it-- set up your own CDR with the rating system implemented.
 tells you how to set up a CDR
and if you have any questions you can ask me or Jim.
The only way to make it happen is to actually implement it yourself.

@_date: 2001-11-15 01:43:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: The killing of Bill Cooper and Liquid Metal Embrittlement 
On modern cars and aircraft the skin is a structural part.  There was
a post WWII DeHaviland (the Comet I beleive) that kept coming apart in
the air... some of the windows had too-sharp corners that concentrated
stress from pressurization and caused cracks in the skin, eventually
resulting in sudden failure.  Once aluminum gets a crack it
goes pretty fast.
OTOH, LME requires the metals to be liquid or close to it.  Even tin
has a melting point around 500 degrees F, and it's a pretty
low melting point metal.
Engine mounting parts might get that hot, but not the exterior surface.
There's probably other methods of causing quick corrosion of
failure besides LME... what I googled about it makes me not worry
about it as something sprayed on the exterior of aircraft to
cause sabotage.

@_date: 2001-11-28 20:16:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: WTF is going on ?? 
I haven't seen this before:  I rebooted after a power outage, and
apparently sendmail was rejecting everything to lne.com with a "User
unknown" error.  I restarted sendmail and named this morning when I
realized what was going on, and now it's fine.

@_date: 2001-11-30 01:30:20
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: fuel injected firearm 
You can buy one at Home Depot!
It's called a cordless nailer.  Powered by "fuel cells"
which are probably propane.  The Porter-Cable "Bammer" is
one model.

@_date: 2001-12-13 22:09:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [jei@cc.hut.fi: FBI Surveillance Software to be Part of Windows 
This should have gone directly to the cypherpunks list.

@_date: 2001-12-07 17:58:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: A note to virus authors 
One of the recent worms did exactly this.  I can't remember which one,
but it also set the From_ line to _victim i.e.  it added a
leading '_' character.  I'm still getting them (but on linux
they don't do anything).
This is the same worm that installed a keyboard sniffer.  The
log was emailed to an account somewhere and of course that account
was quickly shut down.
The worm author should have encrypted the logs and posted
them to alt.anonymous.messages or some other newsfroup instead.
That would have been truly dangerous, especially if the worm
was stealthy.
It's properly called the Email Worm Author's Toolkit.

@_date: 2001-12-05 16:36:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Reputation capital 
The problems lne was having have been fixed.  My MX host had an extra '.'
in their MailerHosts table, so mail to anything that got MXd
to them was being rejected with 'User unknown'.

@_date: 2001-12-05 16:29:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: ssz switchover test 
Mail to ssz has been backed up at lne since midnight tuesday.
The list of CDRs is at:

@_date: 2001-12-18 15:53:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: MY APPOLOGIES TO ALL CYPHERPUNKS - WAS Re: Returned mail: 
Actually, I only got the originals.  It looks like the mail kept going
through the CDR nodes because one of them was re-sending it.
Its hard to tell from the headers, but I think it's minder.net.
If your autobounce was just feeding back the message that you receive
with no changes (error headers, etc) to minder then you might have been
the cause.  Otherwise, there's some other problem.
(if you didn't see it because you're subscribed to a filtering CDR
that filtered them, it was about 400 copies of spam).
Either way, you shouldnt set up an autobounce that can reply to a list.
Please fix it so it won't do that.

@_date: 2001-12-28 23:16:53
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: cell phone guns 
22 caliber four-shot pistol hidden inside a cell phone, uncovered
during police raids in Europe.
"Cell phone users will have to be made aware that reaching for their
phones in some circumstances could be misinterpreted as a threat by

@_date: 2002-01-28 18:22:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: propagation test 
"drops my posts" is hard to debug.  A bit of information
would make it easier.
Eric  (lne.com bit janitor)

@_date: 2002-01-24 19:53:04
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [geer@world.std.com: Re: biometrics] 
This is from the cryptography list:
----- Forwarded message from Dan Geer  -----
Delivered-To: cryptography
X-Authentication-Warning: world.std.com: geer didn't use HELO protocol
             <20020123233303.GF31282 Precedence: bulk
Folks, while we argue fine points we drift towards irrelevance
[1] National ID in Development (USA Today)
[2] Computer Security, Biometrics Dominate NIST Agenda (Washington Post)
[1] National ID in Development
USA Today, 22 January 2002
Federal and state groups are moving to create a national ID card that
contains fingerprints or magnetic strips, according to officials at the
Justice Department and General Services Administration. According to a
recent poll, 54 percent of adults support the creation of a national ID
card. The figure is lower than those of polls from two month ago, in
which two-thirds of adults supported such a move. A group of state
officials, meanwhile, is seeking congressional approval to standardize
documents for verifying identity when issuing driver's licenses.  Sen.
Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) has proposed federal funding for developing
driver's license standards, including studies on fingerprints, palm
prints, iris scans, face scans, or DNA.  Durbin's proposals also allow
motor vehicle authorities to access databases from the INS, the Social
Security Administration, and unspecified law enforcement agencies. The
bill would make the driver's license more reliable, he said. Similarly,
the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators wants Congress
to pass laws to fund a data-sharing network between the license
agencies and federal agencies. Privacy advocates believe that the
public will eventually come out in opposition of a national ID system.
[2] ****Computer Security, Biometrics Dominate NIST Agenda
By Brian Krebs, Newsbytes.
WASHINGTON, D.C., U.S.A.,
16 Jan 2002, 4:33 PM CST
The events of Sept. 11 and the subsequent anthrax attacks have caused a
major shift in priorities for the National Institute of Standard &
Technology, prompting the agency to double its efforts to develop new
standards for everything from security scanners to biometrics to
computer security, the agency's new chief said today.
NIST Director Arden Bement said while many of the projects were begun
prior to Sept. 11, the non-regulatory agency's new role in the Bush
administration's Homeland Security initiative has added a sense of
urgency to the mix.
"September 11 really focused our activities and gave them a sense of
immediacy," Bement said in a meeting with reporters today. "Our primary
goal now is to take whatever technologies are available for application
and to develop standards and test methods (that will) make them
available to the public as quickly as possible."
Bement said NIST is just a few months away from announcing a new
biometric standard that will be used to confirm the identity of people
seeking U.S. visas or using a visa to enter the United States.
NIST also is working with the Biometric Consortium, which represents
hundreds of companies that are developing technologies to identify
people by their individual physical characteristics, such as
thumbprints, facial recognition technology, iris and retinal scans.
The biometric standards chosen by NIST could allow one or two
technologies to gain early adoption and a strong foothold in an
increasingly crowded market. Bement said biometric identifiers are
being considered as a prerequisite for entry into government buildings,
and the states are pushing ahead on a plan to link an as yet
undetermined biometric technology to identity cards and driver's
NIST also is working to develop more effective security standards for
wireless communication networks, and is prepared to assume an even
greater role in developing computer security standards for the federal
"I expect that role will expand significantly," Bement said.
NIST recently released an updated standard for encryption technology
that will soon be used to beef up security for a range of electronic
transactions, from e-mail to e-commerce to ATM withdrawals.
The agency also is bracing for more responsibility over the computer
security standards adopted by the federal civilian agencies.
Rep. Tom Davis, R-Va., chairman of the House Government Reform
subcommittee on technology and procurement policy, is drafting
legislation to reauthorize the Government Information Security Reform
Act, a law passed in November 2000 that requires federal agencies to
assess and test the security of their non-classified information
Davis plans to add a provision to the bill that would require NIST to
establish minimum technology and security standards that all agencies
must follow.
NIST also is crafting new standards to protect the nation's most
critical infrastructures, Bement said. The software that monitors and
regulates the distribution of juice over the national power grid, for
example, is not yet completely integrated.
"Grid control is a major issue now ... because a lot of the monitoring
of power flows on the grid is done with different types of software and
standards," Bement said.  "There's a fair amount of work necessary to
raise the level of security so it can't be taken down by hackers or
otherwise interrupted."
In addition, NIST has helped to re-assess standards for machines that
irradiated mail in the wake of last year's anthrax attacks, and is
reviewing standards that will govern some 2,000 new metal detectors to
be installed at the nation's airports.
While NIST is eager to have many of its new security standards adopted
by companies in the private sector, the future of the Advanced
Technology Program - the Commerce Department arm that provides support
for moving experimental technologies from the laboratory into the
marketplace - remains in question.
Many House lawmakers have for years advocated terminating the ATP, and
Commerce Secretary Donald Evans has said he would like to see the ATP
recoup more of its investment from private sector companies.
Benjamin Wu, deputy undersecretary for technology at Commerce, said
Evans has come to recognize that the program has its merits.
"He feels strongly that - irrespective of the funding issues - the
reforms he would like to propose will help bring stability to the
program," Wu said.
Bement said he was optimistic that NIST would get all the funding it
needs to handle its expanded role.
"There are a number of pending bills that not only better define this
role with regards to homeland security but also provide additional
funding," he said. "So far, we've got a pretty big plate of activities,
and we're prepared to even do more."

@_date: 2002-01-15 19:31:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Blueberry encryption for boston pigs? 
Probably not.  I haven't seen the spec so I'm not 100% sure, but
this is the info I dug up after 10 minutes of googling.
"And the Mobitex protocol used by ARDIS and RAM mobile for wireless email
is another example of something that is complex for error correction and
robustness but has essentially no security. And software for monitoring
this circulates around the net as well. ARDIS does use XORing with a
32 bit constant of the day to provide some fig leaf of security, but
obviously determining the constant is trivial..."
Sad, isn't it?

@_date: 2002-01-15 18:26:24
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Blueberry encryption for boston pigs? 
ARDIS, the protocol the Blackberry uses, does an XOR
with a 32 bit constant of the day.

@_date: 2002-02-06 03:48:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: spam attack on cpunks list 
Many people on this list don't appreciate having stuff rammed
down their throats.
This isn't a list for people who want to receive PR.   It's a list
for discussing cryptography and the soceital impact of cryptography.
The list has a high tolerance for off-topic posts, but people who
insist on continuing them should not be suprised to find that the majority
of list members are filing their posts in /dev/null.
Your explaination here has earned you a place next to Choate and mattd
in my personal cypherjunk file... while I have found some of the articles
you have posted interesting, I resent having stuff rammed down my throat,
even if it's stuff I agree with.

@_date: 2002-02-05 19:03:49
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: spam attack on cpunks list 
Lne.com CDR subscribers won't see them, but someone is signing
up the ssz node to a lot of web mail lists.... roughly 30 as of
this morning.  The IP addr of the host generating the subscription
requests is 62.211.132.149, which appears to belong to tin.it.
Have at it.
Spam on cpunks has gone WAY up in the last month or so... to the point
that on the raw feed there is usually significantly more spam than
content[1].  The only drawback to this filtering scheme is that I still
have to look at all the spam to make sure there isn't a real post from
someone who is not yet on the posters list.  There are ways to automate
this, once I figure out a method that will ensure that no content gets
dropped, I'll implement it.
[1] this isn't true of the other lists that I run.... some of which have
been around for many years, and get very little spam.  I think that
it's pretty obvious that one or more people are luring spam to cpunks
in order to discourage the discussions that happen here.

@_date: 2002-02-13 16:32:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: DC to get spycams --"no choice but to accept it" 
Intrigued by the fact that their citizens let them do it.
It's not about solving crimes against citizens.

@_date: 2002-03-07 00:48:39
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Carnivore goes public 
Snooping programs ostensibly used by parents to monitor their
offspring-units have existed for a number of years.
The sheeple don't care about the existence of snooping
software or hardware or cameras in public places.  After all, they
have nothing to hide.

@_date: 2002-03-07 16:00:17
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: node query 
The To line might not even show that, lots of list mail
is CCd to the list...
The From_ ("From" with a space, not a colon, after it)
will show it:
"From owner-cypherpunks Thu Mar  7 05:24:00 2002"
as will the Sender line:
"Sender: owner-cypherpunks
also, most if not all CDRs add an X-Loop line:
"X-Loop: cypherpunks

@_date: 2002-03-15 17:50:09
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Let's knock off the "Reformatted" repostings of junky news 
I gather that the hope is that the original posters will get a clue
and start making their posts readable.
Until then, here is a procmail rule to nuke reformatted posts:
*  (^Subject: \[Reformatted\].*)

@_date: 2002-03-27 01:36:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise 
Here's the distribution of RSA key sizes in SSL servers, as
recorded by my SSL server survey in June 2000 and June 2001
RSA Server Key size
   Key bits                    2000         2001
2048                             .2%             .2%
1024                           70%             80%
<= 512                          25%             17%

@_date: 2002-03-27 01:36:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise 
Here's the distribution of RSA key sizes in SSL servers, as
recorded by my SSL server survey in June 2000 and June 2001
RSA Server Key size
   Key bits                    2000         2001
2048                             .2%             .2%
1024                           70%             80%
<= 512                          25%             17%

@_date: 2002-04-05 19:46:39
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [garww@antisocial.com: cached web pages] 
I got this interesting email today.
It's refering to a study I did almost two years ago
which surveyed https (SSL) servers's crypto strength.
For a while I had the list of weak-crypto servers on my site; I took
it down after getting too many complaints, but it was accidentally
left in a copy elsewhere on my site that got indexed.  I've deleted
the list from that copy as well, on the theory that the list is nearly
2 years old and there is a web page for checking a site in real time
that's linked from the paper, and the results from that are up to date.
The date is prominent in the results page, but still I wouldn't want to
unfairly label a site as weak in 2-year-old data if they have updated
their site to use better crypto.
It's interesting that someone sounding like they're from Bear Stearns
would use an external account to make this request rather than doing so
from Bear Stearns directly.
I replied that I'd consider it if I got a request from BearStearns, but
that I might post such a request on my web site to let people know that
BearStearns is trying to suppress legitimate security research.  I also
pointed out that this information isn't secret; anyone can disccover
that they are using a weak key by connecting and clicking on a button
in their browser.
They're using a 512-bit key, so if I had a current list of
weak servers, they would be on it.

@_date: 2002-04-09 17:30:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: all about transferable off-line ecash (Re: Brands off-line 
The LNE CDR isn't moderated in the usual sense. However, postings from new users[1] don't go through until I look at them
(since about 99.5% are spam).  I do this as often as possible, but
I do have a life.  So if you (the generic you) feel the urge
to forge a new cute name on every post, be warned that your posts may
take a while to go through.  I suggest forging one cute name and sticking
with it... besides, you will want all of us to have a pseudo to attach
the appropriate reputation capital to.
[1] a 'new' user is the name in the From: line which isn't a subscriber
to a node and which hasn't already posted.
Eric, your "fat ass moderator"

@_date: 2002-05-10 19:37:31
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Australian government proposed 'terror laws' 
Jesus, what a horrible fuck job.
But we don't need N copies of this mail on the cpunks list. One will do.
I would not be supriseed if the USG has something to do with this, they seem
to use Australia as the repressive legislation beta test site.
Hmm.  First they took all the guns, now a few year later, this.

@_date: 2002-05-13 23:58:04
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Eyes on the Prize...not the Millicent Ghetto 
On-line porn.
Their transaction costs are huge, because many of their customers
realize that the bills are gonna show up on the statement
that their wife reads, so they repudiate.  This pushes up the costs
to the rest of the customers.
An anonymous system would keep the customers from getting
busted by the wife.  If it were also non repudiable then
there would be an added incentive for merchants.
Alowing cheaper minipayments would also be a bonus-- lots of
porn transactions are in the $5-10 range where the cheapest fixed costs for a CC transaction is like $1 plus a percentage.
On-line porn people are probably more likely to spend a little time
setting up an account than Sally Sixpack is.
Didn't Tim write something about this within the last year?
The problems of course are 1) hooking it into the existing money system
and 2) keeping from getting busted for "money laundering".

@_date: 2002-05-25 00:03:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: NAI pulls out the DMCA stick 
Do a web search on "openssl certificate authority".
Yes, if the libraries you use support them.
Note that twofish, being a symetric algorithm, would
not be used in certificates.  Public key and hashes only.
X.509 is an ITU/T standard, which means, among other things, that
they charge money for copies.  You can find copies on the net though.
Being ITU/T also means that the standard is written in a format and
style that is designed to be incomprehensible as possible.  This keeps
the professional meeting-goers who write these things from having to
search for honest work.  The documents get progressively less
understandable over time, so its best to start with the 1988 version.
PKCS explains X.509 as well and is easier to understand.
Peter Gutman's X.509 Style Guide is quite comprehsnsible and
also pretty funny after you have spent time trying to decipher
X.509 or any other X.whatever standard.
Peter also has a neat utility called dumpasn.1 which you will
want if you start diddling X.509 certs.
Openssl is probably the most common library for doing cert
stuff these days.  Unfortunately the docs for Openssl are pretty
much non-existent and the ASN.1 code is particularly difficult
to understand.

@_date: 2002-05-24 23:40:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: S/MIME and web of trust (was Re: NAI pulls out the DMCA stick) 
It uses X.509, which is supposed to be a hierarchical certificate system. Verisign is just the dominant X.509 CA.
But as others have pointed out, its possible to become one's own X.509
CA and issue oneself certs.  Netscape and IE browsers will accept certs
from completely made up CAs.  You might have to click on a few "do you
really want to do this" dialog boxes but that's it.  All you need is a
copy of Openssl and directions off a web site..
Additionally, there is nothing that prevents one from issuing certs
that can be used to sign other certs.  Sure, there are key usage bits
etc but its possible to ignore them.  It should be possible to create
a PGP style web of trust using X.509 certs, given an appropriate set of
cert extensions.  If Peter can put a .gif of his cat in an X.509 cert
there's no reason someone couldn't represent a web of trust in it.
Each user would self-sign their cert.  Or self-sign a CA cert and
use that to sign a cert, same thing.  Trust would be indicated
by (signed) cert extensions that indicate "I trust Joe Blow X amount as
a signer of keys".  Each time you added a trust extension you would
generate a new cert using the same key.  Each trust extension would
indicate the entity, their key id (hash of public key), and the degree of
trust.  When you added a trust extension you'd give a copy of the enw
cert to the entity you just added.  They can then append these
certs onto their cert when they authenticate to someone.
When authenticating, you verify the other guys cert, something he signed
with his private key, then all the other people's certs that he sends
in addition to his own, all of which attest to his trustworthiness.
Ideally, you also trust some of the same people, so you now have their
signed "statements" attesting to a degree of trust in the new guy.
[note, there's probably a conceptal flaw in this since  I'm loopy from
allergy drugs today and probably not thinking as clearly as I think I
am, so be polite when you point out my error.  In any case, the point
is that its possible to do a web of trust in x.509, not that I have a
fully formed scheme for implementing it]
Since all this is in X.509, S/MIME MTAs accept it (unless they are
programmed to not accept self-signed CAs, in which case your MTA is a
slave to Verisign et. al).  You'd need an external program to verify the
web of trust, but that's about it.  And to be honest, exactly zero of the
PGP exchanges I have had have actually used the web of trust to really
verify a PGP key.  I've only done it in testing.  In the real world,
I either verify out of band (i.e. over the phone) or don't bother if
the other party is too clueless to understand what I want to do and getting
them to do PGP at all has already exausted my paticnce.
But why bother?
Even if I could do this X.509 web of trust tomorrow, no one besides a
few crypto-geeks would use it.  People just don't give a shit about other
people reading their email.  Most people can't even be bothered to use
a decent password or shred their credit-card statements.  Only criminals
have anything to hide, right?

@_date: 2002-06-14 19:11:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: politicians vs. bill of rights (your legislature on drugs) 
It's already a reality in some sports and some countries.
In France for instance, police can randomly drug test professional
cyclists at any time.  They can also search them, their
houses and cars at any time and with no warrant.
Italy also has somewhat similar provisions.
Perata is a well-known rights-taker.
He's also a well-known hypocrite, having sponsored gun-grabbing
legislation while using his position to get himself
a concealed weapon permit, something that is nearly always denied to ordinary California citizens.

@_date: 2002-06-12 17:26:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: What's with all the spam?... 
[chinese spam deleted]
No, that was an error on my part, typing over a high
latency connection.

@_date: 2002-06-12 16:41:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: What's with all the spam?... 
The LNE node isn't moderated.
All posts from list subscribers, to any CDR, plus
any post from a non-subscriber that isn't spam, get sent to
LNE subscribers.
LNE qualifies.

@_date: 2002-07-15 22:31:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: economics of DRM, was Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
I don't think 98 does it, but XP does.
It just raised the bar a bit-- there was a pirate version
of Office XP out before the legal version.

@_date: 2002-07-08 15:22:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: TPM cost constraint [was: RE: Revenge of the WAVEoid] 
Smartcards are more secure than browsers.  But normal cardreaders
don't keep malware that's on the PC from accssing the card.  It can snoop
on the user's PIN, or in the case of the few cardreaders that keep the PIN
local, wait for the card to be unlocked and then use it for illegitimate
purposes.  The smartcard still depends on the security of the PC.
It's not any more secure than the PC, its just portable.  That hasn't
been enough to make smartcards take off for PC-based applications.
A few companies have made secure smartcard readers that prevent this
type of attack.  One of those was N*able Technologies, which Wave bought
in '99.  The current EMBASSY chip is one that N*Able designed.  I was
Nable's chief architect.  I left after the buyout.  Nable's system was
for secure commerce, not DRM, but as a secure building block it can be
used for lots of things.
I don't know WAVE's pricing for the current EMBASSY chip, but based on
prices for earlier Nable chips, I'd guess that they could sell it for
$5-10 in quantity.  That's still a significant adder to the cost of a
motherboard.   But it isn't insurmountable.   The beneficiary pays for it,
not the end user.  All it takes is one customer who can get enough value
from it to make it worthwhile.  Microsoft is a good example... simply
increasing their license payment rate for Word from 50% of users to 60%
would make them more than enough $$ to cover the cost of an EMBASSY or
similar in most PCs.  The potential anti-competitive side effects then
come for free.
Of course marketing for PCs will attempt to get users to pay more
for the "security enhanced" DRM-equipped PCs.  But the added cost
doesn't need to be paid by the users to make it viable.

@_date: 2002-07-12 17:57:51
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
Motherboard makers don't pay for it.  Microsoft pays for it.
Or, Microsoft and Vivendi and Sony and ... all chip in.
Each pays a portion, and reaps the rewards.  Ok, really
Wave or their ilk reaps the rewards as well.
This is what Wave's been trying to sell for years now.
It hasn't flown, yet.  MS, Sony et al. would rather
the chip get paid for by someone else first so
they can use it for free.
But there's a likelyhood that eventually someone will
see where they can make money from it and go with it.
If not with Wave or TCPA, with some other deal.
What killed SET wasn't that Visa got greedy and arrogant, although
that certainly didn't help.  They didn't want it to succeed.  It was a
placeholder against Mondex, which looked like it was going ot take off
in the mid 90s..  When Mondex didn't happen, SET got harder and harder
to actually implement (with new fees for participating inthe "standards
body" and new fees for compliance testing, etc. etc)  Visa makes more
money from the current SSL situation because they charge a hefty added
fee for 'card not present' transactions.  SET would have gotten rid of
that, which would have been good if there was a competing payment system
(Mondex), bad if there's a virtual monopoly (what actually happened).
It took me a year or so of going to SET meetings before I figured
out that they really wern't that incompetent at getting a standard
organized, they were fscking it up on purpose.

@_date: 2002-07-13 17:59:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: economics of DRM, was Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
You're probably joking, but just in case you're not, or there's
somone who doesn't get it, here's how it works:
Wave (or someone like them) makes a deal with the motherboard
makers to install EMBASSY chips.  Wave pays the motherboard makers
to do it, so there is no added cost to them.  Wave then sells the rights
to use the EMBASSY to Microsoft, Sony, et. al.   The arrangement
may involve percentages of the fees that users pay (i.e. Wave
gets 50% of $1 that a user pays for a Sony-owned song, and gives half
of that to the motherboard maker), or it might involve up-front
payments.  It can work either way.
The difficulty is to get enough EMBASSY or whatever chips out there to
make a critical mass that's attractive to use, and to distribute the
cost of the DRM hardware and software over enough DRM customers that
it's profitable for each one.  i.e. MS might not want to underwrite $20
worth of DRM by itself, because it doesn't make enough more through
DRM-enforced licensing to make a profit from it.  But if the $20 for
the DRM is split among 20 companies, each paying $1, they can all make
a profit from using it.  TCPA, by standardizing the DRM, makes it easier
to get a critical mass and easier to round up participants.
I think that it is important to understand the economics behind DRM
because that is ultimately what will determine if and how it is deployed.
Microsoft does not do things simply because they enjoy being evil.
They are not so worried about Linux (with its small share of the market)
that they will spend mega-bucks now on a very long term project that might
possibly let them keep it off some PCs in the far future.  They _are_
concerned with getting paid for the 50% of their software that isn't
paid for.  There's a shitload of money there, and if getting at some of
it costs a little, well, its still more profit than they would
have gotten otherwise.
Of course its even better for them if they can convince users that DRM
is an added security feature, or they can get governments to require it
(i.e. V-chip).  Then the users pay for it.  But I don't see either of
those being very likely.  It's more probable that there needs to be
significant profit in it for a number of players to make it go.

@_date: 2002-07-23 14:17:09
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Tunneling through a hostile proxy? 
So who's written an IP-over-HTTP(S) library?
Reminds me of Ranum's NFS-over-SMTP firewall
bypassing proof of concept.
BTW Roy, first try ssh on a non-standard non-reserved port.

@_date: 2002-07-30 00:22:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: What happened to cypherpunks? 
Ssz seems to have gotten itself put in most of the open
relay blacklists recently.  Your ISP may be blocking
mail from Ssz to you.  Received cpunks traffic here at lne
has been pretty light over the last four days
or so.  Perhaps everyone is taking a break?
Eric (who doesn't use other people's blacklists)

@_date: 2002-08-01 22:06:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
Nope.  They care that the Fritz chip is enabled whenever
their content is played.  There's no need to make it a legal
requirement if the market makes it a practical requirement.
The Linux folks just won't be able to watch the latest
Maria Lopez or Jennifer Carey DVDs.  But who cares about a few
geeks?  Only weirdos install alternative OSs anyhow, they can be
ignored.  Most of them will probably have second systems
with the Fritz chip enabled anyhow.

@_date: 2002-08-01 22:06:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
Nope.  They care that the Fritz chip is enabled whenever
their content is played.  There's no need to make it a legal
requirement if the market makes it a practical requirement.
The Linux folks just won't be able to watch the latest
Maria Lopez or Jennifer Carey DVDs.  But who cares about a few
geeks?  Only weirdos install alternative OSs anyhow, they can be
ignored.  Most of them will probably have second systems
with the Fritz chip enabled anyhow.

@_date: 2002-08-01 21:45:52
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
TCPA (when it isn't turned off) WILL restrict the software that you
can run.  Software that has an invalid or missing signature won't be
able to access "sensitive data"[1].   Meaning that unapproved software
won't work.  Ok, technically it will run but can't access the data,
but that it a very fine hair to split, and depending on the nature of
the data that it can't access, it may not be able to run in truth.
If TCPA allows all software to run, it defeats its purpose.
Therefore Wagner's statement is logically correct.
Yes, the spec says that it can be turned off.  At that point you
can run anything that doesn't need any of the protected data or
other TCPA services.   But, why would a software vendor that wants
the protection that TCPA provides allow his software to run
without TCPA as well, abandoning those protections?
I doubt many would do so, the majority of TCPA-enabled
software will be TCPA-only.  Perhaps not at first, but eventually
when there are enough TCPA machines out there.  More likely, spiffy
new content and features will be enabled if one has TCPA and is
properly authenticated, disabled otherwise.  But as we have seen
time after time, today's spiffy new content is tomorrows
virtual standard.
This will require the majority of people to run with TCPA turned on
if they want the content.  TCPA doesn't need to be required by law,
the market will require it.  At some point, running without TCPA
will be as difficult as avoiding MS software in an otherwise all-MS
office.... theoretically possible, but difficult in practice.
"TCPA could be required" by the government or MS or  is, I agree, a red herring.  It is not outside
the realm of possibility, in fact I'd bet that someone at MS has
seriously thought through the implications.  But to my mind
the "requirement by defacto standard" scenerio I outline above
is much more likely, in fact it is certain to happen if TCPA
gets in more than say 50% of computers.
I worked for a short while on a very early version of TCPA with Geoff
Strongin from AMD.  We were both concerned that TCPA not be able to
be used to restrict user's freedom, and at the time I thought that
"you can always turn it off" was good enough.  Now I'm not so sure.
If someday all the stuff that you do with your computer touches data that can
only be operated on by TCPA-enabled software, what are you going to do?
BTW, what's your credentials?  You seem familiar with the TCPA spec, which
is no mean feat considering that it seems to have been written to
make it as difficult to understand as possible (or perhaps someone
hired an out-of-work ISO standards writer).  I think that Peter's
guess is spot on.  Of course having you participate as a nym
is much preferable to not having you participate at all, so don't
feel as though you have to out yourself or stop posting.
[1] TCPAmain_20v1_1a.pdf, section 2.2

@_date: 2002-08-01 21:45:52
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
TCPA (when it isn't turned off) WILL restrict the software that you
can run.  Software that has an invalid or missing signature won't be
able to access "sensitive data"[1].   Meaning that unapproved software
won't work.  Ok, technically it will run but can't access the data,
but that it a very fine hair to split, and depending on the nature of
the data that it can't access, it may not be able to run in truth.
If TCPA allows all software to run, it defeats its purpose.
Therefore Wagner's statement is logically correct.
Yes, the spec says that it can be turned off.  At that point you
can run anything that doesn't need any of the protected data or
other TCPA services.   But, why would a software vendor that wants
the protection that TCPA provides allow his software to run
without TCPA as well, abandoning those protections?
I doubt many would do so, the majority of TCPA-enabled
software will be TCPA-only.  Perhaps not at first, but eventually
when there are enough TCPA machines out there.  More likely, spiffy
new content and features will be enabled if one has TCPA and is
properly authenticated, disabled otherwise.  But as we have seen
time after time, today's spiffy new content is tomorrows
virtual standard.
This will require the majority of people to run with TCPA turned on
if they want the content.  TCPA doesn't need to be required by law,
the market will require it.  At some point, running without TCPA
will be as difficult as avoiding MS software in an otherwise all-MS
office.... theoretically possible, but difficult in practice.
"TCPA could be required" by the government or MS or  is, I agree, a red herring.  It is not outside
the realm of possibility, in fact I'd bet that someone at MS has
seriously thought through the implications.  But to my mind
the "requirement by defacto standard" scenerio I outline above
is much more likely, in fact it is certain to happen if TCPA
gets in more than say 50% of computers.
I worked for a short while on a very early version of TCPA with Geoff
Strongin from AMD.  We were both concerned that TCPA not be able to
be used to restrict user's freedom, and at the time I thought that
"you can always turn it off" was good enough.  Now I'm not so sure.
If someday all the stuff that you do with your computer touches data that can
only be operated on by TCPA-enabled software, what are you going to do?
BTW, what's your credentials?  You seem familiar with the TCPA spec, which
is no mean feat considering that it seems to have been written to
make it as difficult to understand as possible (or perhaps someone
hired an out-of-work ISO standards writer).  I think that Peter's
guess is spot on.  Of course having you participate as a nym
is much preferable to not having you participate at all, so don't
feel as though you have to out yourself or stop posting.
[1] TCPAmain_20v1_1a.pdf, section 2.2

@_date: 2002-08-09 17:39:13
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
Depending on the clients to "do the right thing" is fundamentally stupid.
This sort of attack doesn't do your position any good.

@_date: 2002-08-28 18:03:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: right MTA for crypto support 
It depends on how you define "better".
STARTTLS is defeated by Norton AV (silently!) and probably other
programs... if not now, then soon.  Mail is rarely stolen when in transit,
it's much easier to steal it from the destination spool, and STARTTLS does
nothing to protect stored mail.  The authentication option is only used
to authenticate roaming SMTP clients, and probably not often even then
since distributing client certificates is hard and too many IT folks
still think encrypted == secure.
If you define "better" as "more secure", or even "secure against
most classes of attackers", it's not better, it's a waste of CPU time.
But if you define "better" as "secure against passive eavesdroppers"
or as "increases the use of crypto", then it's better.
What's needed is something that IS better for both definitions
and is as easy to set up as STARTTLS... same thing that's been
needed for the last 10 years.

@_date: 2002-08-27 17:24:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: right MTA for crypto support 
lne.com's sendmail now supports START_TLS.  Not that that adds
any security to cpunks list mail of course.  But it does
increase the amount of encrypted traffic.
It's relatively easy to turn on TLS in sendmail.  It's not secure against active attackers that can modify the data in the TCP stream
but it's better than nothing.
Besides START_TLS which is built in, there is probably an auto-PGP patch
for sendmail.

@_date: 2002-09-03 20:13:42
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: I see everything twice! 
It looks like one of the CDRs, possibly algebra, is
changing the Message-ID on cpunks mail and redistributing
it to the CDRs-- I'm seeing two copies of each message, one
of which has an X-Algebra header in it.
Could the algebra maintainer check this out?

@_date: 2002-09-24 15:04:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: What good are smartcard readers for PCs 
A previous company I worked for made a secure smart-card reader
chip/system that used smart cards to carry a user's private key and
cert.  The initial application was the SET electronic payment protocol.
(all together now: yuck!)  SET didn't take off, and not many of these
were sold.
Amex hyped up their 'blue' card & was giving out free readers for
a while... until they discovered that the drivers were fatally broken
(ha ha, it was done by a competitor of the company above, their
product was shite).  That, plus the fact that Amex couldn't get
more than a few merchants to go along with it, doomed the project.
They stopped giving out free smartcard readers pretty quickly.
The company I work for now uses smart-cards in a K-of-N split key
scheme to authenticate administrators of secure proxy servers.  These are
actually selling to real live customers and work just fine.
Niche markets like these are the only place where smart card use will
be growing in the near term, unless Larry Ellison and Scott "you
have no privacy" McNealy get their fat government contracts for
implementing the single signon surveilance state...

@_date: 2002-10-10 15:09:55
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Echelon-like... 
B and C, extensively.
The US Government has pretty much given up on restricting crypto
exports.  There is just enough of a vestigial restriction there to
maintain the illusion that the government has a right to control crypto
exports.  If there was anything more, it would be challenged in court
and most likely get thrown out.  The government backed off on
previous challenges (Bernstein, Zimmerman) to avoid that.

@_date: 2003-02-04 00:28:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Shuttle Humor, Risk Estimation 
All the KH-71s were busy mapping Iraq's oil fields
and photographing Saddam's nose hairs.

@_date: 2003-06-16 21:29:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
...
The types of problems with DNA testing such as state's refusal to allow
testing of convicts when it might prove their innocence, and
testing lab "errors", would also apply to EDR boxes.
I.e. states will contrive to use EDR records only when it proves
their case, and data recovered will be subject to "interpretation".
You can bet that when EDRs become important as evidence, citizens won't
be allowed to posess the means to read their own EDRs let alone
write to them.

@_date: 2003-07-21 18:44:53
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: A day in the life 
[ID experience at giant mega-corp casino]
[ID experience at Jiffy-loob]
If you patronize only corporate mega-stores, this is what you get.
None of the (locally-owned) resturants I eat breakfast at do any
loyalty card bullshit, they happily accept anonymous cash and the food
is wonderful.  The vendors at the local farmer's market take cash too.
The local stores in the chain of bicycle stores I sometimes go to for
tires and parts do sometimes ask me if I want to be on their buyers club
thing, I just say no and that's fine with them.
You need to shop at stores run by humans. If you have to
patronize a mega-corp, stick up for yourself.  They insist
because it works on most people.  There is no
need to baaah along with the sheep.

@_date: 2003-07-08 20:36:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: idea: brinworld meets the credit card 
How does it allow the merchant to view the picture
while preventing the thief from doing so?
Saying "it's encrypted" is, at best, sweeping a very large
problem under a small rug.  Who holds the key?  How
does the card or the user authenticate a real merchant vs.
a thief posing as a merchant?
Those are the hard problems.  No one in biometrics
has yet been able to solve them in a general way.

@_date: 2003-07-10 15:27:03
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: MRAM, persistance of memory 
It's still interesting. I would not bet on that for sensitive data.
See Peter Gutmans and Ross Anderson's papers on RAM memory remanance.

@_date: 2003-07-09 17:43:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: MRAM, persistance of memory 
I doubt it as well.  DRAM also has power-off memory persistence and nearly everyone in security ignores that as well.
But not the spooks :
"The FEI-374i-DRS is a data recovery system that captures and preserved
digital data, in its original format, directly from the Dynamic Random
Access Memory (DRAM) of Digital Telephone Answering Machines (DTAMs)
The FEI-374i-DRS is an indispensable tool for forensic investigators
required to evaluate residual audio and tag information retained in
today's DRAM-based DTAMs."

@_date: 2003-07-29 16:27:59
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the 
Jim Bell should have applied for a DARPA grant!
(check out this and other programs at

@_date: 2003-08-15 20:15:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [cta@hcsin.net: Re: CNN: 'Explores Possibility that Power 
Food for thought and grounds for further research:

@_date: 2003-08-21 14:33:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: National Emergency? 
Hasn't there been a perpetual "National Emergency", signed by
every president since WWII or therebouts?
Is Bush's a double plus National Emergency?

@_date: 2003-08-27 15:52:31
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: spam blacklists and lne CDR 
Hi.  The last couple days I've gotten a lot of mail bounces from cpunks
subscribers who are blocking lne.com because it's on the osirusoft spam
"blacklist".  There is no way to get off this list; in fact the site
appears to be down.  Lne.com doesn't send spam; I don't know why we are on
this list.  My guess is that it's becase we're listed on a couple other
"extreme" blacklists that blacklist entire networks that are owned by
ISPs that the list operator does not like.
If you or your ISP uses this blacklist, I have no choice but to drop
you from the lne cdr lest my mailbox drown in reject messages.
I have mixed feelings about blacklists-- I've had to implement one
here so we didn't drown in spam and it seems to work reasonably well.
But lists that 1) don't let you get off and 2) list sites to pressure
them to change ISPs don't get much respect from me, and neither do the
ISPs that blindly use them.

@_date: 2003-08-30 13:10:14
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
The message it sends is to accept the cops offer of on-site "protection"
when the ISP is faced with allowing the tap or being put in jail.
By upping the stakes you force the business
owner to accept the cops as the lesser of two evils.
The mafia's actions tended to make business owners clamor for
more police and more intrusive police protection.   Not less.
This is a problem that's better solved with crypto.

@_date: 2003-09-06 15:28:13
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Random musing about words and spam 
My unscientific observations are that there's at least 6 or 8 different formats.
Some are pretty long, i.e.:
(that one could be encrypted text)
others are short or have only numbers.
My favorite spam-obfuscation technique is where they break up key words
with HTML comments, i.e. penis.
(that won't show if you are using a mail reader that
interprets HTML... read the source).

@_date: 2003-09-05 17:47:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: SSH MITM (was Re: Getting certificates) 
you'd get the victim's session:
dsniff is a collection of tools for network auditing and penetration
sshmitm and webmitm implement active monkey-in-the-middle
attacks against redirected SSH and HTTPS sessions by exploiting weak
bindings in ad-hoc PKI.
also see  for

@_date: 2003-09-05 04:09:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Random musing about words and spam 
Many of them space the code words away from the rest of
the subject text, i.e.
"Subject: what if it were true?                                       5258pf2"
I think this is to hide the code word since many mail readers
only show 40-60 characters of the Subject.
I've been id'ing spam by looking for excess whitespace
in the Subject line for a couple years (it's one of
about 200 checks my program makes).  I'm sure
other spam-recognition software does this as well.

@_date: 2003-09-05 04:09:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Random musing about words and spam 
Many of them space the code words away from the rest of
the subject text, i.e.
"Subject: what if it were true?                                       5258pf2"
I think this is to hide the code word since many mail readers
only show 40-60 characters of the Subject.
I've been id'ing spam by looking for excess whitespace
in the Subject line for a couple years (it's one of
about 200 checks my program makes).  I'm sure
other spam-recognition software does this as well.

@_date: 2003-09-04 14:56:32
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Getting certificates. 
..which means that it still requires an OOB authentication.
(or blinding typing 'yes' and ignoring the consequences).
But that's another subject.
Verisign had for a number of years an email-only cert.
That is, they verified that the email address had someone
or something that answered email.  I beleive that they
called this a 'Class 1' cert.
X.509, PKIX et.al. allow a CA to insert a pointer
to a certificate practice statement, which can define
what the certificate certifies.
Thwate's making free certs difficult has nothing to do
with the usefulness of certs or X.509 or true names or
whatever, and everything to do with maximizing profit.
Since each cert carries a fixed risk of legal issues
(i.e being sued because they certified X who wasn't X)
Verisign/Thwate want to sell a comparatively few expensive
certs instead of a lot of cheap certs.

@_date: 2003-09-04 14:56:32
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Getting certificates. 
..which means that it still requires an OOB authentication.
(or blinding typing 'yes' and ignoring the consequences).
But that's another subject.
Verisign had for a number of years an email-only cert.
That is, they verified that the email address had someone
or something that answered email.  I beleive that they
called this a 'Class 1' cert.
X.509, PKIX et.al. allow a CA to insert a pointer
to a certificate practice statement, which can define
what the certificate certifies.
Thwate's making free certs difficult has nothing to do
with the usefulness of certs or X.509 or true names or
whatever, and everything to do with maximizing profit.
Since each cert carries a fixed risk of legal issues
(i.e being sued because they certified X who wasn't X)
Verisign/Thwate want to sell a comparatively few expensive
certs instead of a lot of cheap certs.

@_date: 2003-09-05 17:47:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: SSH MITM (was Re: Getting certificates) 
you'd get the victim's session:
dsniff is a collection of tools for network auditing and penetration
sshmitm and webmitm implement active monkey-in-the-middle
attacks against redirected SSH and HTTPS sessions by exploiting weak
bindings in ad-hoc PKI.
also see  for

@_date: 2003-09-06 15:17:57
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: more SSH MITM 
By checking the key against the IP address of the server.
This is easily spoofed.  The links I included in my last post
pointed to a tool to do just that (plus MITM the ssh protocol).
But even worse, there is no way to ensure that the key
the client has is really the server's key in the first place.
The client gets that key the first time it connects....the
user is shown a fingerprint of the key and asked to
type 'yes' if the user thinks that it's the server's key.
What the user is supposed to do here is to have obtained
the key or its fingerprint in a secure fashion outside
the ssh protocol.  But very few people do.  They
just type 'yes' and accept it.  Hence my original statement.
This makes a MITM attack easy, the attacker simply needs to have his
attack in place when the victim expects the server to have a new key.
He gives his key in place of the servers key, the victim never checks,
and away we go.
Certificates have their own problems, but bare public keys are weak
unless your system provides a good useable OOB authentication.
SSH as normally used doesn't.

@_date: 2003-09-17 18:19:19
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Verisign's Wildcard A-Records and DNSSEC Plans? 
ISC is releasing a new BIND to deal with the Verisign land-grab:

@_date: 2003-10-23 20:18:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Palladium/TCPA/NGSCB 
Or a virus that modifes your other programs to make them appear to
be known virii.  You'd have to turn off your AV progams
to keep them from destroying your files (or moving them
around, going crazy with warnings when you start any program, etc)
I'd bet that no AV programs have safeguards against this
sort of false positive attack.

@_date: 2003-11-26 16:18:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Lucrative update 
Somoneone at monash.edu.au was resending old mails.

@_date: 2003-11-26 15:13:22
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Lucrative update mail flood 
Sorry about the mail storm.  Someone at monash.edu.au has
apparently set up a mail loop that was resubmitting cpunks mails.

@_date: 2003-11-26 16:18:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Lucrative update 
Somoneone at monash.edu.au was resending old mails.

@_date: 2003-12-08 18:46:04
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks discussions 
I've been hearing about blog-spamming lately, and I've
seen spammers attack web boards as well.
Spammers are also using worms to get control of victim's
machines and sending their spam from there.
Sorry, I was in a hurry.
History substition is what I meant...  i.e.
% ericm >  mkdir /home/cpun
% ericm > ^pun^punk
% ericm > cd !$
or any of the hundreds of other history substitution commands.
No one I work with knows any of them; they all either laboriously re-type
or use the command-line editor even when it requires many more keystrokes.
I try to restrain myself from barking out "bang dollar!  bang dollar dammit!"
but sometimes I can't help it.

@_date: 2003-12-08 15:22:19
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks discussions 
This is why the cpunks list has very little new subscribers...
most newbies who post questions get flamed.  Usually by Tim
who sears them for not having read some post from
1992 or for bringing up a topic that was discussed in 1996.
Perhaps if the archives were complete, well organized and
easy to find it would be appropriate to politely tell newbies to
read the FAQ.  But they're not.   It's also not a complete waste of
time to discuss topics that have been discussed previously...
some new information may come from the discussion.  Someone
who is not interested can just skip those posts.  If the list
is restricted to discusing topics that are only of interest to Tim
(or any long-time member, Tim's not the only one) then
only a few people will even be able to follow the discusssion, let
alone participate.
Tim, before you reply, I suggest that you look back through the
last year or so's worth of your cpunks posts to see how many are
the thoughtful incisive kind vs a barage of insults or complaints
that the poster you are replying to is an idiot.
A related problem is the tendency for a number of posters to turn every
thread into an intellectual dicksizewar.   It's gotten to the point where
I don't post much, and I've been _working_ in security for the 8 years
(and on Usenet, where the dicksizewar was invented, for 15).  I can only
imagine what it's like for new people.  Only the most stubborn
will stay.   The list is selecting for obstinance.
On a related note, I do see the addresses of people who unsubscribe,
and they are often addresses that recently subscribed.  Other people have made the point that mailing lists are "old tech"
and I agree.   I don't like the new replacements (blogs, web boards)
as much as lists, but perhaps that's because of what I used first.
Kids these days don't know how to use shell shortcuts either.
BTW, there's about 415 list members.  LNE doesn't censor, we do block
networks that we've gotten spam from.  Currently we block about 12,000
spams a week and receive another 1500 or so.  We're still on dial-up
(Verizon rural phone service sucks).  Allowing those 12,000 spams
through to process them would make our 43k line unuseable.
Hence the blocking.  I explained this to John in private email, and also
explained how to get unblocked by following a link in the bounce message.
He's refused to do this, prefering to claim that I'm "censoring" him.
Whatever.  The CIA agent reading over my shoulder says that John's way
too paranoid.
I realize that my spam solution is non-optimal but its
the best I can come up with at the moment.
I'm getting tired of running the list.  As it is now it doesn't provide
much value and I could use my time for something else.  Could someone
please set up another node?  I'll send you all my scripts etc.  But I
won't maintain it on a machine you provide, you'll have to do it.
Maybe some of our list members from the government would like
to step forward with some homeland security $$. :-)

@_date: 2003-12-08 15:22:19
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks discussions 
This is why the cpunks list has very little new subscribers...
most newbies who post questions get flamed.  Usually by Tim
who sears them for not having read some post from
1992 or for bringing up a topic that was discussed in 1996.
Perhaps if the archives were complete, well organized and
easy to find it would be appropriate to politely tell newbies to
read the FAQ.  But they're not.   It's also not a complete waste of
time to discuss topics that have been discussed previously...
some new information may come from the discussion.  Someone
who is not interested can just skip those posts.  If the list
is restricted to discusing topics that are only of interest to Tim
(or any long-time member, Tim's not the only one) then
only a few people will even be able to follow the discusssion, let
alone participate.
Tim, before you reply, I suggest that you look back through the
last year or so's worth of your cpunks posts to see how many are
the thoughtful incisive kind vs a barage of insults or complaints
that the poster you are replying to is an idiot.
A related problem is the tendency for a number of posters to turn every
thread into an intellectual dicksizewar.   It's gotten to the point where
I don't post much, and I've been _working_ in security for the 8 years
(and on Usenet, where the dicksizewar was invented, for 15).  I can only
imagine what it's like for new people.  Only the most stubborn
will stay.   The list is selecting for obstinance.
On a related note, I do see the addresses of people who unsubscribe,
and they are often addresses that recently subscribed.  Other people have made the point that mailing lists are "old tech"
and I agree.   I don't like the new replacements (blogs, web boards)
as much as lists, but perhaps that's because of what I used first.
Kids these days don't know how to use shell shortcuts either.
BTW, there's about 415 list members.  LNE doesn't censor, we do block
networks that we've gotten spam from.  Currently we block about 12,000
spams a week and receive another 1500 or so.  We're still on dial-up
(Verizon rural phone service sucks).  Allowing those 12,000 spams
through to process them would make our 43k line unuseable.
Hence the blocking.  I explained this to John in private email, and also
explained how to get unblocked by following a link in the bounce message.
He's refused to do this, prefering to claim that I'm "censoring" him.
Whatever.  The CIA agent reading over my shoulder says that John's way
too paranoid.
I realize that my spam solution is non-optimal but its
the best I can come up with at the moment.
I'm getting tired of running the list.  As it is now it doesn't provide
much value and I could use my time for something else.  Could someone
please set up another node?  I'll send you all my scripts etc.  But I
won't maintain it on a machine you provide, you'll have to do it.
Maybe some of our list members from the government would like
to step forward with some homeland security $$. :-)

@_date: 2003-12-10 00:57:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Speaking of Reason 
I pretty much agree with your views, minus the racism and misogny.
On days that the brilliant thoughtful Tim posts, I'm in awe.
When Tim the asshole posts, I'm disgusted.  Unfortunately
these days the latter Tim isn't letting the former Tim
near the keyboard very often.   Ok, bye!
Eric (just to make it crystal clear, Tim's going in my _personal_ killfile)

@_date: 2003-12-10 00:57:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Speaking of Reason 
I pretty much agree with your views, minus the racism and misogny.
On days that the brilliant thoughtful Tim posts, I'm in awe.
When Tim the asshole posts, I'm disgusted.  Unfortunately
these days the latter Tim isn't letting the former Tim
near the keyboard very often.   Ok, bye!
Eric (just to make it crystal clear, Tim's going in my _personal_ killfile)

@_date: 2003-12-24 01:42:26
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: lne.com CDR to close 
The lne.com CDR node will stop accepting new
subscriptions on Jan 1 2004, and will stop forwarding
cypherpunks mail on Jan 15.  There are other nodes
currently and hopefully more will announce themselves.
I've learned a lot on the cpunks list over the last
10 years and I'd like to thank some of the people whose
writing I've enjoyed:  Lucky Green, Black Unicorn, Declan McCullagh, Tim May, John Gilmore.

@_date: 2003-12-24 01:42:26
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: lne.com CDR to close 
The lne.com CDR node will stop accepting new
subscriptions on Jan 1 2004, and will stop forwarding
cypherpunks mail on Jan 15.  There are other nodes
currently and hopefully more will announce themselves.
I've learned a lot on the cpunks list over the last
10 years and I'd like to thank some of the people whose
writing I've enjoyed:  Lucky Green, Black Unicorn, Declan McCullagh, Tim May, John Gilmore.

@_date: 2003-12-29 19:11:31
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: unsub from lne 
pro-ns.net is running a CDR similar to lne.
A number of other people have gotten my scripts but
I havent' seen any up and running yet.
Thanks.

@_date: 2003-12-29 19:11:31
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: unsub from lne 
pro-ns.net is running a CDR similar to lne.
A number of other people have gotten my scripts but
I havent' seen any up and running yet.
Thanks.

@_date: 2003-12-29 19:08:30
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: unsub from lne 
I'm experimenting with a new sendmail milter.
(the SMTP HELO arg needs to be reasonably valid in order to pass).
I've now set it to not reject mail to majordomo at
lne.com.  The blocklist thing is still
in effect, but if you're bounced by that
you get a URL in the bounce message
that you can use to get it fixed.

@_date: 2003-12-29 19:08:30
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: unsub from lne 
I'm experimenting with a new sendmail milter.
(the SMTP HELO arg needs to be reasonably valid in order to pass).
I've now set it to not reject mail to majordomo at
lne.com.  The blocklist thing is still
in effect, but if you're bounced by that
you get a URL in the bounce message
that you can use to get it fixed.

@_date: 2004-01-27 23:58:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Howard Dean wants national IDs, internet drivers licenses. 
Deans campaign licenses Wave technology.  The speech
he gave below was at a Wave-sponsored conference.
Dean's campaign manager is a former Wavoid.
Be scared.  He's either completely clueless, knows but
doesn't care, or owned.

@_date: 2004-01-15 16:03:24
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: LNE CDR shutting down now 
The LNE node of the cypherpunks list will be shut down
after this message.  If you want to stay on cypherpunks
you'll need to subscribe to another node.
 has a list of CDRs.

@_date: 2004-01-14 19:08:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: new CDR node? 
That means that more posts from list members languish awaiting forwarding.

@_date: 2004-01-14 19:08:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: new CDR node? 
That means that more posts from list members languish awaiting forwarding.

@_date: 2004-02-13 23:45:26
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Windows source leaked? 
Of course.
Here's an example of MS using BSD code:
and another:

@_date: 2004-02-13 22:08:13
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Windows source leaked? 
(in reply to someone else)
I disagree.  I don't have time to look up the cases now
but there have been a number of cases of companies being sued for
(effectively) their programmers having SEEN some other code.
The theory being that they are somehow contaminated with
the valuable ideas embodied within and are helpless to resist
implementing them.  This has resulted in
many companies having "chinese walls" between some programming
groups who are working on a version of a competitors product that
the company has the code for.
This may not be "right", but it was extremely common in the early 90s.
It's very expensive so I would be quite suprised if there was not
strong case law on this.
They'd just alledge that you had, and then have "discovery"
all through your files.  Essentially any program could look
like an "infriging work" to some judge somewhere.
If I were a conspiracy theorist I'd say tha MS released the code
themselves just for this reason.

@_date: 2004-03-31 04:19:01
@_author: ret 
@_subject: Re: The Gilmore Dimissal 
It doesn't.
You'll get harassed by cops if they stop you though.
They can't do anything; they're just unhappy about citizens
who don't show their papers.
No one gets those.
But its possible that over-zealous cops could seize your $5000 Lightspeed
because it doesn't have a $2 city sticker... for every city you ride

@_date: 2004-06-09 17:10:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: recent brute-force work factor calculations 
Does anyone know of a recent brute-force work
factor calculation for the various common symmetric ciphers?
I.e.   it'll take X 3.2gh Xeons Y years to brute cipher Z.
I know there's a table of these in Schneier and there's the "Seven
Cryptographers" paper but they're both pretty old at this point.
I'm just looking for an approximation.

@_date: 2004-07-17 15:51:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: FIPS chassis/linux security engineer? 
Does anyone know of a manufacturer of FIPS 140 certified or
certifiable 1u/2u rack mount chassis?
For a seperate project, does anyone know of a small linux-ready/able
box with ethernet?
Gumstix looks cool but I need hardwire networking.
Last, I'm looking for a Linux expert security engineer in the SF
bay area.  (I'm managing a security group at a startup that has
been shipping products to paying customers for a few years.  No its
not lne.com, this just address I use to post).
This person will need to know linux/unix OS security/hardening _in
depth_ and also have an understanding of crypto APIs (writing them not
using them) plus significant industry experience.  Sorry, no relocation

@_date: 2004-08-09 20:22:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Olympics snooping 
Unprecedented electronic net over the Olympics
By MIRON VAROUHAKIS, Associated Press Writer
August 9, 2004
ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- If you're going to the Olympics, you'd better be
careful what you say and do in public.
Software will be watching and listening.
Recent leaps in technology have paired highly sophisticated software
with street surveillance cameras to create digital security guards with
intelligence-gathering skills.
`It is a very vast network and it is the first time it is being done
on such a scale at an international level,'' Greek police spokesman
Col. Lefteris Ikonomou told The Associated Press.
The system -- developed by a consortium led by San Diego-based Science
Applications International Corp., or SAIC -- cost about $312 million
and took up a sizable chunk of Athens' record security budget of more
than $1.5 billion.
It gathers images and audio from an electronic web of over 1,000
high-resolution and infrared cameras, 12 patrol boats, 4,000 vehicles,
nine helicopters, a sensor-laden blimp and four mobile command centers.
Spoken words collected by the cameras with speech-recognition software
are transcribed into text that is then searched for patterns along
with other electronic communications entering and leaving the area --
including e-mail and image files.
The system, which includes components already used by U.S. and British
government intelligence agencies, covers all of greater Athens, nine
ports, airports and all other Olympic cities.
Ikonomou said it ``allows the users to manage a critical incident in
the best way possible and in the shortest time possible because they
have all the information in front of them.''
The software used for surveillance camera recordings is designed to spot
and rank possible risks, said Dionysios Dendrinos, general manager of
One Siemens in Greece, one of the companies in the consortium.
``They can distinguish the sound of a flat tire from an explosion or
a gunshot and inform the user at the command center of the incident,''
he said. ``This is also the case with any anomaly in the picture, such
as a traffic jam.''
Technology also allows the users of the system at the main command center
to save and analyze data from the surveillance network and beyond. And
the material from the closed circuit cameras is kept for seven days,
Ikonomou said, so specific incidents can be analyzed in depth.
Much of that analysis is enabled by software from London-based Autonomy
Corp., whose clients include the U.S. National Security Agency, that
parses words and phrases collected by surveillance cameras and in
communications traffic.
In June, the Greek government expanded surveillance powers to screen
mobile and fixed-line telephone calls during the Olympics.
``It listens, reads and watches,'' Dominic Johnson, Autonomy's
chief marketing officer, said of his company's software. Then it
synthesizes. Beyond Greek and English the software understands Arabic,
Farsi and all major European languages, Johnson said.
Other companies in the SAIC consortium include Germany's Siemens AG;
General Dynamics Corp. and Honeywell International Inc. of the United
States; and the Israeli company Elbit Systems. Several Greek companies
also are participating.
According to the contract, the system was to be delivered by May 28,
but due to construction delays at some Olympic venues -- such as the
main Olympic stadium -- it was delivered just weeks before the opening
Nevertheless, Public Order Minister Giorgos Voulgarakis declared last
week that all the security systems were in full deployment and working
There'll be other sniffing going on, of course.
A network of sensors designed to detect chemical agents has also been
deployed near Olympic venues and around the capital, including on the
security blimp.
Advanced technology is also used in the creation of the Olympic
credentials, which use such security features as holograms. All cardholder
information, such as a person's photo and passport number, are printed
on a very thin film designed to make the cards impossible to forge.
The digitally enhanced surveillance net may provide comfort to Olympics
attendees, but not everyone is happy at authorities' computer-aided eyes
and ears.
Several groups have held protests in recent months against what they say
is an invasion of their privacy, and some demonstrators have spray-painted
street cameras, seeking to blind them.
``The Olympic Games are accompanied with extended security measures
that are unprecedented for Greece,'' six human rights groups said in a
protest letter to Greek Parliament in July. ``Although the state's right
to take all necessary measures that it deems necessary is recognized,
there is fear that these measures will have a negative impact on basic
human rights.''

@_date: 2004-08-01 15:29:49
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: On how the NSA can be generations ahead 
More gates == more processing.
It's possible, using technologies like flip-chip.  But its not
as good as having everything on one die.  The interconnects
are limited in number and large in size, so they take up a lot of
Stacked die are also more difficult to keep cool.
4x the gates (roughly) means 4x performance.
Chip performance, especially for highly parellizable things like
key cracking, is determined by the number of gates.

@_date: 2004-08-31 19:29:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Backdoor found in Diebold Voting Tabulators 
Apparently so.  Going to  now just gives:
This Account Has Been Suspended
Please contact the billing/support department as soon as possible.
Interestingly, while the whois info is gone, the DNS records are still around:
% dig blackboxvoting.org any
; <<>> DiG 8.3 <<>> blackboxvoting.org any ;; res options: init recurs defnam dnsrch
;; got answer:
;; ->>HEADER<<- opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: 4
;; flags: qr rd ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 6, AUTHORITY: 0, ADDITIONAL: 3
;; QUERY SECTION:
;;      blackboxvoting.org, type = ANY, class = IN
;; ANSWER SECTION:
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN A         69.73.175.26
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN NS        ns4.nocdirect.com.
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN NS        ns2.nocdirect.com.
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN NS        ns3.nocdirect.com.
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN SOA       ns3.nocdirect.com. admin.nocdirect.com. (
                                        2004081101      ; serial
                                        4H              ; refresh
                                        2H              ; retry
                                        5w6d16h         ; expiry
                                        1D )            ; minimum
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN MX        0 blackboxvoting.org.

@_date: 2004-10-30 19:26:02
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: bin Laden gets a Promotion 
Bush needs bin Laden to be as scary as possible.
I'm amused by the timing.  Its almost as if they're both
following Karl Rove's playbook.

@_date: 2004-11-11 14:50:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: nyms being attacked by malware 
Spammers probe SMTP servers for valid names using dictionary attacks.
It's difficult to set up an SMTP server that will
accept mail for an address and not also give up
the information that the address is valid.

@_date: 2004-12-23 04:36:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: An interesting thread...Hacking Bluetooth 
If he sounds like Dave Emory, then there isn't much debunking that's required.
Food for thought and grounds for further research,

@_date: 2005-02-04 14:58:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Using TCPA 
I have an application for exactly that behaviour.
It's a secure appliance.  Users don't run
code on it.  It needs to be able
to verify that it's running the authorized OS and software
and that new software is authorized.
(it does it already, but a TCPA chip might do it better).
So a question for the TCPA proponents (or opponents):
how would I do that using TCPA?

@_date: 2005-02-04 14:28:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
The TCPA chip verifies the (signature on the) BIOS and the OS.
So the software driver is the one that's trusted by the TCPA chip.
Plus the private key is kept in the chip, so it can't
be read by your emulator.  If your emulator picks its own key pair
then its attesations will be detected as invalid by a
relying party that's using the real TCPA public keys.

@_date: 2005-02-16 15:52:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: How to Stop Junk E-Mail: Charge for the Stamp 
Better start on those defenses now then-
there is already significant amounts of IM and SMS spam.
I would be suprised if the people designing IM and SMS systems
have learned much from the failures of SMTP et al.

@_date: 2005-02-16 15:31:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: [p2p-hackers] SHA1 broken? 
In applications where collisions are important, SHA1 is now
effectively 69 bits as opposed to 80.
That's not very much, and odds are there will be an improvement on
this attack in the near future.

@_date: 2010-07-12 20:13:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Intel to also add RNG 
Last FIPS cert I did (140-2, a couple years ago), it was SWRNG only. X9.62 or FIPS 186 or X9.31 or SP 800-90.
I couldn't even use a HW RNG for the seed.  /dev/random was acceptable.
True that.

@_date: 2010-07-12 20:13:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Intel to also add RNG 
Last FIPS cert I did (140-2, a couple years ago), it was SWRNG only. X9.62 or FIPS 186 or X9.31 or SP 800-90.
I couldn't even use a HW RNG for the seed.  /dev/random was acceptable.
True that.

@_date: 2010-07-12 17:36:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Intel to also add RNG 
I completely agree.  But HW RNGs are a pain in a lot of ways- modern chip
design libraries don't include RNG modules.  You have to make your own.
Verification software won't verify it and considers it an error.
When it runs it sucks a lot of power and generates a lot of heat.
Not a problem for Intel, but if you're using a contract fab (TSMC)
they probably won't guarantee that part of your chip will even work
because according to chip design rules, it's wrong.
Then there's FIPS- current 140 doesn't have a provision for HW RNG.
They certify software RNG only, presumeably because proving a HW RNG to be
random enough is very difficult.   So what's probably the primary market (companies who want to meet FIPS) isn't available.
So while I think it'd be great to have a decent RNG on chip
(no more blocking on /dev/random!) I don't see it being much of
a market advantage and would not be surprised if it never makes it in
to a shipping product.
Mixing the output with something else would address any lack of randomness
either deliberate or accidental... but still wouldn't meet FIPS.
BTW Intel isn't close to the first to put an RNG on a CPU chip. I worked for
a company in the late 1990s that did it and I'm sure we wern't the first.

@_date: 2010-07-12 17:36:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Intel to also add RNG 
I completely agree.  But HW RNGs are a pain in a lot of ways- modern chip
design libraries don't include RNG modules.  You have to make your own.
Verification software won't verify it and considers it an error.
When it runs it sucks a lot of power and generates a lot of heat.
Not a problem for Intel, but if you're using a contract fab (TSMC)
they probably won't guarantee that part of your chip will even work
because according to chip design rules, it's wrong.
Then there's FIPS- current 140 doesn't have a provision for HW RNG.
They certify software RNG only, presumeably because proving a HW RNG to be
random enough is very difficult.   So what's probably the primary market (companies who want to meet FIPS) isn't available.
So while I think it'd be great to have a decent RNG on chip
(no more blocking on /dev/random!) I don't see it being much of
a market advantage and would not be surprised if it never makes it in
to a shipping product.
Mixing the output with something else would address any lack of randomness
either deliberate or accidental... but still wouldn't meet FIPS.
BTW Intel isn't close to the first to put an RNG on a CPU chip. I worked for
a company in the late 1990s that did it and I'm sure we wern't the first.

@_date: 2013-08-23 00:51:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re:  HTTPS 
About three years ago I looked at that code on WebOS (Palm smart
phones).  The code came from Webkit which is what Google's and Apple's
browsers were based on.
It did not accept *.com, certainly not *., and had some complex logic
to decide what to accept.  I doubt that Mozilla accepts *.com or *. as
Few modern CAs issue certs with wildcards in the CN. Instead they use
the SubjectAlternateName extension which can have multiple entries,
reducing or eliminating the need for wildcards.

@_date: 2013-08-20 00:01:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Avaaz in "grave danger" due to GMail spam filters 
Matt Blaze posted a tweet that's appropos yesterday:
"anyone who thinks users who misunderstand technology don't "deserve" privacy doesn't "deserve" to be a security engineer."

@_date: 2013-09-05 23:51:22
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Bruce Schneier explains the Dual_EC_DRBG attack:
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-05 21:07:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
ISO.   Not that narrows it down much.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-05 20:33:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
The NYT article is pretty informative:
"Because strong encryption can be so effective, classified N.S.A. =
documents make clear, the agency=92s success depends on working with =
Internet companies =97 by getting their voluntary collaboration, forcing =
their cooperation with court orders or surreptitiously stealing their =
encryption keys or altering their software or hardware."
"N.S.A. documents show that the agency maintains an internal database of =
encryption keys for specific commercial products, called a Key =
Provisioning Service, which can automatically decode many messages. If =
the necessary key is not in the collection, a request goes to the =
separate Key Recovery Service, which tries to obtain it.
How keys are acquired is shrouded in secrecy, but independent =
cryptographers say many are probably collected by hacking into =
companies=92 computer servers, where they are stored"
Also interesting:
"Cryptographers have long suspected that the agency planted =
vulnerabilities in a standard adopted in 2006 by the National Institute =
of Standards and Technology, the United States=92 encryption standards =
body, and later by the International Organization for Standardization, =
which has 163 countries as members.
Classified N.S.A. memos appear to confirm that the fatal weakness, =
discovered by two Microsoft cryptographers in 2007, was engineered by =
the agency. The N.S.A. wrote the standard and aggressively pushed it on =
the international group, privately calling the effort =93a challenge in =
=93Eventually, N.S.A. became the sole editor,=94 the memo says."
Anyone recognize the standard?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-03 22:54:05
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] the spell is broken 
NSA can act through people outside NIST too.
By focusing on NIST we miss the larger problem.  Any cryptographer or
security engineer can be compromised (or more likely, make a mistake).
A good standard uses a public process, is well understood, has been
examined by outside experts, and has no magic values.   Following good
standards hygiene will reduce the instances of flawed standards, both
the accidental and the on purpose kind.
We will end up less secure if the current fear of NIST has people throw
out good standards and replace them with less studied ones or worse,
home grown stuff.
cryptography mailing list
