
@_date: 2001-09-22 20:13:12
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Preparedness (ultralight attack on statue of liberty) 
Indeed. Physical properties of some common nerve agents:
Specifically VX:
Boiling point (0C, 760 mm Hg)  298.4 (calculated), with decomposition
Vapor pressure (mm Hg)  0.0007 at 200
Volatility (mg/m3)  10.5 at 250C (1/2000 as volatile as sarin)

@_date: 2001-09-16 19:01:48
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: MMReencrypt 
MMReencrypt is an add-on for Mailman. It allows reencrypting mailing lists
for added security. Users post messages PGP- or GPG-encrypted to the
list's public key. MMReencrypt decrypts them, then re-encrypts the message
to each subscriber.

@_date: 2001-09-13 19:05:01
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Threat Analysis 
I dunno about Agent Farr, but the Extropians@ are innocent. Utterly.
Please take that into considerations, Yer Honor.

@_date: 2001-09-11 16:41:49
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [Remops] cracker, redneck down for awhile (fwd) 
Reply-To: remops
SMTP is off at gacracker.org until things settle down. anon.efga.org
will stay up.

@_date: 2001-09-11 16:27:24
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [Remops] Re: Opinions on Operations due to bombings. (fwd) 
Reply-To: remops
I'm not concerned that the remailer network is, was, or will be used by
the actual terrorists. What concerns me is the assholes who will
inevitably send bogus threats, tips, and other noise to various news
groups, federal offices, and officials.
I don't want to get caught in the middle of this. I'm sorry. I'm currently
unemployed and don't have the resources to defend myself. At this point
in time, a free-speech argument will not gain much sympathy with the feds,
judges, and general public.
And investigators don't need more noise to sort through. They'll have
enough as it is.
I'd like to see remailers continue operating. But this needs to settle.
I may put mine into middle, mix only mode if I feel up to it..
Len Sassaman
Security Architect            |  "I must play their game, of
Technology Consultant         |   not seeing I see the game."
       |                --R .D. Laing
Remops mailing list

@_date: 2001-09-11 15:33:19
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: World Trade Center (fwd) 
Steve Sapovits ,
     Mr. FoRK , fork
Watch for evidence that encrypted email was involved.
Then watch what happens during a state of martial info-law.

@_date: 2001-09-15 17:13:09
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Please make stable NON-US homes for strong crypto projects 
I'm usually not forwarding messages from cryptography@ here, but this one
is an exception.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
It's clear that the US administration is putting out feelers to
again ban publication of strong encryption.  See:
  The evil gnomes who keep advancing unconstitutional US anti-crypto
policies know that the current hysteria in Congress and the
Administration will not last forever.  So they will probably move very
quickly -- within a week is my guess -- to re-control encryption,
either by a unilateral action of the Administration (by amending
the Export Administration Regulations), or by stuffing a rider onto
some so-called "emergency" bill in Congress.
They maneuvered very carefully in the Bernstein case such that there
is no outstanding injunction against violating the Constitution this
way -- and even no binding 9th-Circuit precedent that tells them it's
unconstitutional to do so.  They know in their hearts that numerous
judges have found it unconstitutional, but they have proven throughout
the seven-year history of the case that they don't give a damn about
the Constitution.  Which means it may take weeks, months or years for
civil liberties workers to get a judge to roll back any such action.
Not just days.  We won the case, but they squirmed out of any
permanent restrictions -- so far.
The US government has a new mania for wiretapping everyone in case
they might be a terrorist.  There's already two bills in Congress to
make it trivial for them to wiretap anybody on flimsy excuses, and to
retroactively justify their precipitous act of rolling Carnivore boxes
into major ISPs this week and demanding, without legal authority, that
they be put at the heart of the networks.  See:
  Even more than before, we will need good encryption tools, merely to
maintain privacy for law-abiding citizens, political activists, and
human rights workers.  (In the current hysteria, mere messages
advocating peace or Constitutional rights might best be encrypted.)
The European Parliament also recently recommended that European
communications be routinely encrypted to protect them from pervasive
US Echelon wiretaps.
Some US developers, who thought such a reversal would never happen,
have built or maintained a number of good open source encryption tools
in the United States, and may not have lined up solid foreign
maintainers or home sites.
LET'S FIX THAT!  We need volunteers in many countries to mirror
current distributions, CVS trees, etc.  We need volunteers to also
act as maintainers, accepting patches and integrating them into
solid releases.
(Note that too many countries have pledged to stand toe-to-toe with the
US while they march off to make war on somebody they can't figure out
who it is yet.  If you live in one of those countries, you may
suddenly find that your own crypto regs have been sneakily altered.
Take care that each useful package has maintainers and distribution
points in diverse countries.)
I haven't kept close track of which packages are in danger.  I
suggest that people nominate packages on this mailing list, and that
others immediately grab mirror copies of them as they are nominated.
And that some of those who mirror them keep quiet, in case hysterical
governments make a concerted effort to stamp out all copies and/or all
major distribution sites.  If you aren't the quiet type, then *AFTER*
IMMEDIATELY PULLING A COPY OF THE CODE OUTSIDE US JURISDICTION,
announce your mirror on this mailing list.
We freedom-loving US citizens have had to rely on the freedom-loving
citizens of saner countries, to do the work of making strong
encryption, for many years.  We had a brief respite, which we will
eventually resume for good.  In the meantime, please let me apologize
for my countrymen and for my government, for asking you to shoulder
most of the burden again.  Thank you so much.
PS: Companies with proprietary encryption packages might consider
immediately open-sourcing and exporting their encryption add-ins, so
their customers can still get them from overseas archives.  Or taking
other actions to safeguard the privacy and integrity of their
customers' data and their society's infrastructure.  I also advise
that they lobby like hell to keep privacy and integrity legal in the US.

@_date: 2001-09-15 13:38:30
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Access 
Well, if you wouldn't be so coy about mirroring, I would love to push
anything cypherpunkly to Mojo Nation and Freenet. It is going to be very
difficult to block next generation of Freenet.
However, if you block at IP level after pulling more than 100
documents/day it becomes too dificult for me to so. The difference is
picking a spider off the shelf, or heavily customize one to throttle it.
So, consider burning a few CDs (the site is currently what? 200 MBytes,
300?), and mail them to whoever asks you. If you publish diffs in
identifyable directories and opens them in robots.txt it would really
reduce the load on your site, too.

@_date: 2001-09-16 16:00:58
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: RE: SYMBOL 
The question is: why should we bother? Tall buildings have intrinsically
bad volume to crossection ratio, by definition. Both the static and the
infrastructure is vulnerable, so the efforts would be far better spent by
decentralizing the society. Monkeys want to see monkeys, fine. We have
video projectors and AR avatars for that, and last time I looked most of
the fiber was idle.

@_date: 2001-09-15 21:01:30
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Cryptome up for mirroring 
Please don't overwhelm the site, though. If you can throttle, do.

@_date: 2001-09-27 15:59:57
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks declared to be a terrorist organization? 
Are any cypherpunks nodes being operated outside of U.S.?
Can subscription to an international mailing lists be outlawed?

@_date: 2001-10-21 15:38:34
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Explosives found at Greyhound bus terminal 
Since some of the chemicals cited in above recipe are not so easily
obtainable, so feel free to substitute them by powdered RDX and a
plasticizer in a 91:9 ratio. A good plasticizer can be made from
polyisobutylene, motor oil, and Di(2-ethylhexyl) sebaceate.

@_date: 2001-10-11 15:27:18
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: FY;) [w00f] Arabian Psycho 
Reply-To: w00f
A Beachside Cafe in Opa-Locka
"You should match your ghitra to your kandura," Waleed Alsheri tells
Abdulaziz Alomari, who's listening intently, stirring his yogurt on the
rocks with a swizzle stick.
"Who says?" Abdulaziz asks.
"Now, listen," Alsheri patiently explains. He's drinking a glass of apricot
nectar and eating rice wrapped in grape leaves with goat sausage and,
incongruously, French fries. "If you wear a white ghitra, you wear a white
kandura. It's as simple as that."
"But wait," I interrupt. "What if his bischt is black?"
"For God's sake, Ali-Hamoud," Alsheri moans. "I wasn't talking about
dressing for a fucking wedding. What's wrong with you?"
"The bischt isn't only for formal occasions anymore," I shoot back. "Sure,
the older, thicker bischts, the ones made of heavy wool or cotton material,
are used exclusively for ceremonial occasions. But the lighter version, the
semi-see-thru bischt made of thin linen, is often worn now as an everyday
alternative to formal business wear. As professional attire, it has a
playful but regal quality, but it is also the garment of a good Muslim."
Alomari nods as though he's taking this in, but I know that he knows this
already, and it irritates me that he's pretending. "Okay," he says. "I get
it. But what about the color? Fine, black, beige, and brown, but what about
the gold trim? Isn't the use of gold trim restricted anyway depending on the
social status of the wearer?"
"Fuck you, Abdul," I hiss. "You know as well as I do that it's the material,
not the color, that signifies social status. Is that your Taurus
double-parked out there?"
He peers under the table canopy toward the street, seeming crestfallen all
of the sudden. A pair of ripped jogger-faggots wearing sweat-drenched
Florida State t-shirts trots by. "No," he whispers, shaking his head sadly.
"No, that's not mine. I don't have a Taurus."
The three of us, Abdulaziz Alomari, Waleed Alsheri, and I are sitting at
Easy Earl's beachside cafe in Opa-Locka, and it's a little after four.
Alsheri is wearing a beige ankle-length dishdara with flared bushti and red
micro-piping, a matching gahfiyya and gold-encrusted agal made of
tightly-wrapped spider silk, all by Fahad, and black Mecca sandals with
camelskin toe-straps that I mistakenly think at first are Nila Rafiq but
which are actually, Alsheri tells me later, handmade. Alomari is wearing an
understated sleeveless Elham Abbas kandura, a red-and-white patterned El
Mouf ghtira, and a pair of tan Armani poplin shorts to help fight of the hot
Florida weather (we're allowed to wear shorts with a kandura). Our table is
on a raised oak deck overlooking the ocean. I'm wearing a Joseph Abboud
solid red silk dishdara that comes with a matching exercise bag and, like
Alomari, a red-and-white patterned ghtira-gahfiyya arrangement, although
mine is Elham Abbas and much more expensive. Alomari and Alsheri finished
their flight classes early for facials somewhere and their tans look good.
The O'Reilly Report today was about the expansion of NATO to include the
Baltic states.
"Guys, guys," I say. "Who's sitting with Karim Koubriti over there? Is that
Ahmed Hannan?"
"Negative," Alsheri grunts. "That's Nabil Al-Marabh. You can tell by the
crop-duster glasses."
There's a short but uncomfortable silence at the table. "No," says Alomari
quietly. "That's not Al-Marabh."
"Are you sure?" I ask.
He nods, and you can see it all of the sudden: he's never been more sure of
anything in his life. "It's not Al-Marabh," he says. "It's... Atta."
The infidel hardbody waitress, definitely an FSU cheerleader type (or maybe
Georgia Tech), blond, huge tits, snake-pattern tattoo encircling the left
bicep, sleeveless cutoff T-shirt, denim jeans, friendly face, comes over to
ask if we want a new drink. We've been coming here every day for four weeks
and she's always asking us questions, trying to make conversation and get to
know us. "Where y'all fellas from?" she asked Koumbari and me yesterday.
"Howdaya like Opa-Locka?" "Opa-what?" I answered. "Opa-Locka," she said.
"Our town." "I know it's the fucking town," I growled, and after that she
didn't ask us any more questions. Now she's trying to smile but is
definitely keeping her distance as she steps around Alsheri's dishdara to
pick up his plate.
"They make them healthy here, that's for sure," Alsheri says, leering, as
she walks away.
"Just once, God," Alomari says, mock-bowing toward Mecca. "Just once. After
that, you can do what you want with me."
"Yeah," snorts Alsheri. "He can do what he wants with you. Just wait."
I'm not sure how Alomari knows Atta so well-maybe through the Germans?-and
it slightly pisses me off but I decide to even up the score a little bit by
showing everyone my new box cutter. I pull it out of my exercise bag
(Ahmed's, $39) and slap it on the table, waiting for reactions.
"What's that, a lighter?" Alsheri asks, not apathetically.
"New box cutter," I say, trying to act casual about it, but I'm smiling
proudly. "Opinions?"
"Whoa," Alomari says, lifting it up, snapping the blade in and out of its
stainless steel sheath, turning it until it glints in the sunlight. "That is
nice, Ali-Hamoud. Take a look." He hands it to Alsheri.
"Picked it up at Staples yesterday," I say. "Jiffi Safe Cutter, 2 and 3/4",
Left hand model, custom-shined. Ninety-seven dollars for a pack of six."
"Good coloring," Alsheri says, studying it closely.
"That's Siberian steel," I point out. "Something called Omsk Blue."
"Omsk blue?" Alsheri asks.
"Really stands out, doesn't it?"
"Yeah," Alsheri says guardedly, the jealous bastard, "it is cool,
Ali-Hamoud. I'm sure the fucking metal detectors will like it, too."
Alomari doubles over. "Oh, shit," he says, wheezing with laughter. "Oh,
Alsheri just sits there, grinning smugly, pulls something out of his bag and
slaps it down on the table, next to the napkin dispenser. "What you really
need," he says, "is something like this." He turns to me. "What do you
"Nice," I croak, but under the table my hand is involuntarily gathering into
a fist.
"Good God," Alomari says, picking it up. "Is that a three-color plastic
"Four," Alsheri says.
I snatch it away from Alomari, who's smaller than me and, I think, worried
that I might secretly be on the liquidation team. He relinquishes it
instantly. "Where's the fourth?" I say, not looking up. "I only see three."
"Modern Specialties, Inc.," Alsheri says. "Kutto Master Carton Cutter. Model
 Right-hander. The shell is three-color plastic, but get this: the blade
is plastic, too. Well, the outside of it, anyway."
"An alloy?" Alomari says, admiringly.
Alsheri shakes his head. "Not only," he said. "The body is a plastic alloy.
But there's a hardened polymer coating. Totally undetectable."
Even I have to admit it's magnificent.
Suddenly the cafe seems far away, the wind dies, even the sound of the waves
diminishes, everything a meaningless hum, next to this box-cutter, as I hear
Alomari reading the sans serif inscription on the shell: "Al-Qaida, Laden,
"Holy shit," Alomari says. "I've never seen anything like-"
Atta stops by our table on his way out. He's wearing sunglasses by Persol
and he's carrying a briefcase by Coach Leatherware.
"Allah Akhbar," he says. "What have we got here, box cutters?" He lowers his
sunglasses just to make sure, picking up Alsheri's, not even looking at
mine. "Modern Specialties, Inc. I recognize it. The Kutto Master. Not
bad-but look at this."
He opens up his briefcase and takes out a large plastic shopping bag and
turns it upside down, emptying the contents-a good two dozen completely
translucent box cutters-onto the table. One spills off the edge, bounces off
the deck, and lands in the sand. A fat infidel who's been sitting at the
next table with his fat infidel wife and their two children with
jelly-stained faces reaches down to pick it up, just being friendly. Atta
slaps at his arm.
"Hands off, devil," he hisses.
"I'm just trying to help-" the infidel begins.
"Help yourself first," Atta snaps. "Lose some goddamn weight."
"And stay away from New York," Alsheri says.
"Shut up, you fool," Atta snaps.
The infidel crawls back to his seat. Catching his breath-he was shaken by
this totally unnecessary interruption-Atta picks up one of the cutters on
the table, flicks open the blade, and holds it, demonstratively, to
Alomari's throat.
"Griptite, USA-made, three-inch, Right-hand models all," he says. "These are
custom-built diamond box cutters. Razor sharp, saws through iron.
Individually, they cost $960 apiece, but I got a volume discount-96 for
$80,000. And the guy who made them is already dead."
"Is this the Cedar Rapids factory?" asks Alomari, the ass-kisser.
Atta turns to him and frowns contemptuously, which pleases me. "Cedar
Rapids? Griptite's Cedar Rapids location is closed. These are from Butte."
"Opened three months ago," sighs a defeated Alsheri.
Atta turns to me. "What do you think, Ali-Hamoud?"
"Nice," I say. "Very nice."
Flight School
I'm on the verge of tears by the time we reach SimCenter because I'm
positive we won't get any time on the simulator, but there's practically no
line when we get there, and relief that is almost revelatory in scope washes
over me in an awesome spiritual wave. The instructor is a serious infidel
hardbody, not quite blond, huge tits, good ass, blue instructor's suit by
Karl Lagerfeld, silk gazar blouse, gold sling-back pumps. I'm positive
Alsheri has fucked her. It's near impossible to get screen time at SimCenter
on short notice and I think the rest of us-besides Waleed, I'm with Alomari
and Ahmed Hannan-are a little jealous of Alsheri's prowess in securing
reservations. When we piled into the 1989 Pontiac Grand Prix in Palm Beach
we realized we had no simulator time booked and while we debated the merits
of a new program at Huffman aviation-my panic so great I nearly slit my
wrists with one of Atta's diamond boxcutters-a consensus seemed to emerge.
Alsheri had the only dissenting voice but he finally shrugged and said, "I
don't give a shit," and dialed up SimCenter on a secure satellite phone as
we rolled out onto the highway.
"Okay, pop TQ quiz," Hannan says. "On what days can you trim your beard in
"You can never trim your beard in Kabul," I say, annoyed.
"You can do it in private," Alomari says haughtily. "When no one is looking.
If you do it less than once every two months, no one notices."
"Oh, really?" I say. "And where do you plan on doing it, Alomari? In the
bathroom? Where your wife might come in? Not fucking likely."
"Come on, Ali-Hamoud," Hannan says, flicking on his left turn blinker and
glancing over his shoulder. "You've got to remember you're dealing with true
Islam in Kabul. No wife would dare raise her hand to point a finger at a
husband, for God's sake. They'd fucking put her to death just for that. And
you can go back to trimming your beard. There's another one of those new
Volkswagen bugs."
"The old ones were better," Alsheri says absently. "They were cheaper." He's
been in a bad mood about something since before the call to SimCenter.
"Hannan," I say sharply. "Whether or not you can get away with trimming your
beard in front of your wife... that's not the point. A Muslim's job is to
provide an example for his family. And besides..."
"Here we go again..." Hannan groans. "You're a goddamn cleric, you know
that, Ali-Hamoud?"
"And besides," I continue, "you're forgetting the main problem, which is
that the main issue with trimming your beard is that fucking God sees it. It
is written: 'Conduct yourself with justice and bear true witness before God,
even though it be against yourselves, your parents, your... your..."
"Your what, Ali-Hamoud?" Hannan snaps. "Your what?"
"Your hairy ass?" Alsheri says, brightening suddenly.
"Ali-Hamoud's ass isn't hairy," Alomari says. "I've seen it. He bent over to
pick up a penny last week and his kandera fell down. Caused some infidel
faggot to wreck his car on Dale Mabry highway."
Alsheri gives him a high five. Even Hannan laughs.
"Your kinsfolk," I interrupt. "Even though it be against your kinsfolk.
What's wrong with you people? Aren't you even Muslims?"
"Ali-Hamoud, you are some kind of morose bastard," Hannan says. "You should
cut down on the goddamn nectar."
When we get to the waiting room at SimCenter Alsheri and Hannan disappear
suddenly and I know right away what's going on. Five minutes later Alsheri
returns more pissed off than ever. "This place sucks," he says. "You can't
even get your prayer mat down in the bathroom stalls."
"Why don't you go outside like everyone else?" I say, pointing at a
bucktoothed infidel in a tie, short-sleeved white Arrow shirt and baseball
hat who is sitting across the room. "Ricky here isn't afraid to pray in the
parking lot. Are you, Ricky?"
"It's Billy," the infidel says meekly.
Alsheri scrunches his nose in disgust, as though smelling rotted cheese.
"Who cares what your fucking name is?" he shouts. "There's ESPN in the other
room if you don't like it. Infidel."
"I... I do pray in the parking lot," Billy says. He looks too old for
college but too dumb for adulthood.
"You see, Waleed?" I say. "He does pray in the parking lot."
"Bullshit," Alsheri says. "No one prays in a parking lot. Not even an
"Why shouldn't he?" I say. "He's accepted Jesus Christ as his personal
savior. Haven't you, Billy?"
"I have," Billy says. "Yes, sir, I found the Lord. He helped me through a
trane-sishunul peer-yud."
"Yeah?" Alsheri snorts. "What 'tranesishunl peer-yud was that?"
"Ah was incarcerated," Billy says. "I had sinned against the Lord. Which is
the same as sinning against myself."
This kid is a real winner.
"What were you in for, Billy?" I say, in a comforting voice.
The infidel leans forward and swallows so hard his tie leaps forward. "I had
exposed myself to a person of under-a person of younger-to a minor."
"Well, that's brave of you to admit that, Billy," I say. "Now do you mind
telling us: what the fuck are you doing in Boeing flight school?"
"Is that what this is?" he says. "I had no idea. I'm just here for a
janitor's job. They told me this was an airport."
"It's an airport," Hannan groans, "and a flight school. Mother of God." He
slaps his forehead.
"How do these people feed themselves?" Alomari whispers to me.
"They put them out in fields," I say sagely, "to graze."
"Okay," Alsheri says, getting up and walking toward the door, his
gold-embossed Fahad sandals clacking against the tile. "That's it. I'm
leaving. There has to be some place in this fucking town to pray. You idiots
can do what you like."
"Good riddance," Hannan says. "Now there's less competition for the
"She's too old to fuck anyway," Alsheri says, walking out the door.
A Glimpse of a Tuesday Morning
And it's early morning and I find myself standing in line at the check-in at
Logan airport behind three infidels in suits, they don't know what's coming,
and I'm sweaty and a pounding migraine thumps dully in my head and I'm
experiencing a major-league anxiety attack, searching my pockets for Valium,
Xanax, an apricot pit, and all I find are three sesame seeds in a Fari
Narwaq pillbox, so I pop all three in my mouth and swallow it with a
chocolate Yoo-Hoo and I couldn't tell you where it came from if my life
depended on it. I've forgotten who I'm on this run with and, more
importantly, where I'm supposed to be sitting. Is it next to Atta, who's
standing far ahead of me in line and glaring at me (even though he's not
actually looking at me or turning around at all, I can tell, just by looking
at the back of his head, that he's glaring at me all the same), trying to
convince me to calm down? Or is it next to Alsheri? Is Alsheri even on this
flight? There's someone about 10 feet behind me who looks like Alsheri, but
couldn't that also be Al Shehhi? Not that I haven't spent a lot of time with
Alsheri, I have, I've seen him almost every day, he's the only interesting
person I know, but I still can't even distinguish this person, objectively
important in my life, from a stranger. Did I have the yogurt kebabs last
night for dinner, or was it moussaka? "Oh, God in heaven, I can't remember."
But soon we're on the plane and everything is clear: Atta is bounding into
the cockpit, diamond boxcutter in hand, and Alsheri/Al-Shehhi is pouncing on
the two hardbody infidel stewardesses in the front of the cabin, and
suddenlly the plane lurches sharply downward and to the left, screams
everywhere, total pandemonium, but then magically my composure is regained,
this is all automatic now, I've been through this a thousand times before,
and mechanically I stagger forward toward the cockpit as the plane rights
itself and quickly I assume the seat of the (already deceased) navigator and
shut off the radar tracking devices before shouting into the radio, "I am a
personal acquaintance of Assad's second cousin. Do you hear me? I know him
personally." The infidel voice on the other end of the line, confused: "UA
11, repeat transmission, over, didn't catch that, over." "My kandera never
fell off in Tampa. I never picked up that penny!" "Shut the fuck up, you
moron!" Atta is screaming, I can only see the back of his head, his ears are
highlighted against the sun shining in from the cockpit window, clouds are
rushing past us, and I look down and I'm holding the microphone in my hand
weakly, like it's something limp and soggy, but I'm still whispering to
somebody "ghirta ghirta ghirta" then the clouds parted and the skyline
Benjamin W. Reed
Deputy Public Defender
2708 1st Ave. N., Ste. 400
Billings, MT  59101
       (406) 256-6861
fax: (406) 256-6899
Please treat this e-mail as confidential.
w00f mailing list

@_date: 2001-10-06 12:01:28
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Threat Recognition Testing (fwd) 
I think the capabilities claimed are bogus. What they claim for now is
describing bleeding edge functional neuroimaging, involving a clinical
setting with trained operators and lots of calibration, multi-Tesla
research fMRI imaging, and the like. Not a cheap setup, there are only a
few labs in the world who can do this.
It's hard to see a plain EEG (not even FFT EEG which at least can tell
which color you're thinking of, after lots of calibration) operated by
knuckledragger operators can achieve anything better than an unbiased coin

@_date: 2001-10-04 19:49:32
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: WTC Photos 
How the fuck do you know what John's motives were?
I've seen lots of broken hardware, not bodies. Cryptome is not
stileproject.com nor rotten.com.
Crime scene yakyak blahblah. Labels are ach so convenient.

@_date: 2001-10-02 12:12:09
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: SF development (fwd) 
I don't know what happened to Brian however as far as I know John
Walker is still lurking.  Development is anything but halted.  Ron
Bessem has a mixing version of the windows speak freely and Jonnas and
I have a unix/linux version in cvs.
Changes have not been happening quickly recently but that is because
we are both busy on other projects.  You are of course welcome to get
involved and help with the development.  There's plenty of room for
cvs -d:pserver:anonymous login
password: please
cvs -d:pserver:anonymous co
speak_freely (unix/linux) or win_sf for windows)
  Kirk
                      * * *
To unsubscribe from this mailing list, send E-mail containing
the word "unsubscribe" in the message body (*not* as the
Subject) to speak-freely-request

@_date: 2001-10-01 21:39:59
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: OFF TOPIC: Re: America needs therapy 
This is about as off-topic as the mold issue. You've been warned.
No. I'm saying if you use bioethanol, biodiesel or oil made from
agricultural products you're milking a negligable fraction of the solar
constant (1.4 kW/m^2 flux hereabouts), even solar constant at the bottom
of this gravity well (varies greatly). Plus, you kill soil, reduce
biodiversity, contaminate ground water, reduce ground water level plus
cause salination in susceptible areas, burn energy for machines,
fertilizer & Co and create waste. There are also less tangible but
nevertheless real factors such as high material fluxes, associated
pollution, perpetuation of Carnot cycle machines and agromafia.
What we need is sufficient control of molecular self-replication that we
can use photons directly for photosynthesis or water photolysis. Before
we'll get that, we'll have to settle for conventional thin-film and
polymer photovoltaics, electrolysis and photoelectrolysis/photosynthesis.
I would think that CuInSe thin film would do very nicely today if
facade-integrated, before we get polymer.
Energy density of ethanol is about half of gasoline. You *can* use it in a
fuel cell or a fuel reformer, but methanol is easier. Methanol <->
synthesis gas conversion is really clean.
So, assuming these people haven't been pulling data straight from their
ass, you have to burn half of the ethanol you would get from a square
meter of a field in order to do it. Not counting the presence of said
field, the agricultural infrastructure and the agrohol plant.
Now this says something else than journeyforever folks said. 8:1 is
something else than 2:1.
Energy efficient as compared to what exactly? Nuke, fossil, photovoltaics,
wind? And, of course, energy is only a very small part of the picture.
Now, it's only 125%. Very strange numbers, these.
I do not refer to the study of Pimenthal, just seat of the pants ecology
and 8th class highschool level physics. I don't have time to google for
this stuff, but I'm sure you'll find enough references as to why
bioethanol and biodiesel are hardly a silver bullet.

@_date: 2001-10-01 15:28:54
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: America needs therapy 
Biodiesel and bioethanol are horribly inefficient as far as conversion of
solar energy and agricultural area is concerned. Large scale agriculture
is not exactly environmentally neutral. They're extreme niche or gimmick
fuels at best.
Synfuel and synthetic methanol as well as hydrogen via fuel reforming from
fossils and biomass/renewables is another thing entirely, and entirely
worthwhile. Both synthetic methanol and fuel reforming allows slow
migration to fuel cells, without pissing off the fossil fuel people.

@_date: 2001-10-02 11:14:50
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: STILL OFF TOPIC: Re: America needs therapy 
GEO is lousy: it's too far away, and it's packed already. Newer concepts
assume LEO with active microwave focus tracking of the rectenna ground
array with phased array antennas integrated into the solar array. You have
to have sufficient amounts of hardware in the sky for continuous line of
sight presence.
Luna is closest, and it's near enough for relativistic lag being low
enough to allow teleoperation. Sending monkeys elsewhere would seem a
later stage.
Problem is high LEO launch costs. It would seem easier to build automated
and teleoperate fabbing and (linear motor) launching facilities on Luna,
and circularize orbit mostly by aerobraking.

@_date: 2001-10-13 05:13:34
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Paper tigers II 
And the moon will turn to blood sausage, and there will be much feasting
upon ticks and locusts and jubjubbirds, until the elephant will break wind
in the distance, and the sun will turn green, and fall from heavens.

@_date: 2001-10-15 07:01:54
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
No. You could bake for ~2 h at 140 C though (adding warmup time depending
on volume). Or, autoclave it (2 h 120-130C).
They're too small, too dry, and the microwave is illuminated very
inhomogenously due to standing waves in the resonator.

@_date: 2001-10-21 19:01:40
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: used lab equiptment 
In fact not, pressure waves strong enough to aerosol liquid will also
cause cavitation, resulting in heating and destruction of material.
Ever tried pushing a bacterial suspension through a printer head
(processivity set aside)? It will clog it up in no time.
Um, why don't we quit armchair microbiology, and stick to what we can
best: produce lots of uninformed speculations?                     Oh.
I think it should be easy enough to look up relevant patents online,
assuming one is bored enough.

@_date: 2001-10-21 22:16:47
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: ENVELOPE STUFFING JOB 
Laminar flow bench, dude. And it's brown, not white, but you knew that
What, you're not using the Obolensk strain?

@_date: 2001-10-22 20:34:07
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Why Plan-9? 
You trust Win2k's encryption? Are you CRAZY?
You're trusting a closed source product to do what it advertizes to do,
every time? And does do encrypt the swap, does it? Excuse me -- professes
to do.
Thanks for wetting my keyboard with beer via nasal passage.

@_date: 2001-10-25 16:22:54
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] W3C last call on XML Encryption... (fwd) 
FYI, the W3C has issued a last call for comments on several
proposals related to XML encryption.  More info at:
  Since I know a good number of folks on this list are interested
in encryption and Internet communication, I thought I would pass
it along as it involves encrypting XML, much of which will no
doubt be passed across the Internet.
The specific documents are at:
  XML Encryption Requirements
          This document lists the design principles, scope, and requirements
     for the XML Encryption. It includes requirements as they relate to
     the encryption syntax, data model, format, cryptographic processing,
     and external requirements and coordination.
  XML Encryption Syntax and Processing
          This document specifies a process for encrypting data and
     representing the result in XML. The data may be arbitrary data
     (including an XML document), an XML element, or XML element
     content. The result of encrypting data is an XML Encryption element
     which contains or references the cipher data.
  Decryption Transform for XML Signature
          This document specifies the "decryption transform", which enables
     XML Signatures verification even if both signature and encryption
     operations are performed on an XML document.

@_date: 2001-10-25 16:22:54
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] W3C last call on XML Encryption... (fwd) 
FYI, the W3C has issued a last call for comments on several
proposals related to XML encryption.  More info at:
  Since I know a good number of folks on this list are interested
in encryption and Internet communication, I thought I would pass
it along as it involves encrypting XML, much of which will no
doubt be passed across the Internet.
The specific documents are at:
  XML Encryption Requirements
          This document lists the design principles, scope, and requirements
     for the XML Encryption. It includes requirements as they relate to
     the encryption syntax, data model, format, cryptographic processing,
     and external requirements and coordination.
  XML Encryption Syntax and Processing
          This document specifies a process for encrypting data and
     representing the result in XML. The data may be arbitrary data
     (including an XML document), an XML element, or XML element
     content. The result of encrypting data is an XML Encryption element
     which contains or references the cipher data.
  Decryption Transform for XML Signature
          This document specifies the "decryption transform", which enables
     XML Signatures verification even if both signature and encryption
     operations are performed on an XML document.

@_date: 2001-11-30 10:54:39
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
CDR media are affected. CD writers are affected (HP has been sued). Even
attempts to extend this to other storage products such as hard drives are
reported. Of course, individuals can stay under the radar by ordering
parts from overseas.

@_date: 2001-11-21 09:51:12
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Carnivore To Get "Magic Lantern" 
Doesn't suffice, if you see/encrypt clear on a compromised machine. Air
gap or a dedicated hardened crypto machine (embedded with a private eye
type of display connected to the main machine via a simple, provably
secure protocol).
Airgap (MOD sneakernet) is the easiest solution so far. But we've been
through this before.

@_date: 2001-11-18 15:07:30
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Who keeps a good list of Web anonymizers ? (fwd) 
This list is incomplete and some links are definitely dead (I have checked
all the links, just not for the past several months), but it is a good
starting point.
((Udhay Shankar N)) ((udhay @ pobox.com)) ((
      God is silent. Now if we can only get Man to shut up.

@_date: 2001-11-17 19:40:28
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [BIOWAR]  Chemcial/Biological Satellite Course (fwd) 
Those interested in taking the 3 day satellite seminar presented by USAMRIID
and USAMRICD go to biomedtraining.org and register for the FREE 3 day event.
  12:30pm-4:30pm Nov. 27, 28 & 29th.
There is no charge to view the broadcast and it is going to be presented at
downlink sites around the US, Southern Canada, Puerto Rico, Alaska and
Those who wish to view online webcast, also register at that website. CME
credit available for the course.
A rebroadcast will take place in Dec., I believe around Dec. 9th.
I have taken the courses and find the material to be extremely accurate, and
Simply log onto biomedtraining.org, register for username and password, then
pick the site you choose to view the broadcast and register. After
registration, call or email site facilitator for confirmation of
registration. Simple as that. Last year we even got free luch, (sandwhichs
and soda) and text book.
Those who cannot attend the broadcast can still download program materials
on the biomedtraining.org site. pdf files available.
At this time in history, we do not want to let these learning opportunities
go by.
Patricia Doyle
Patricia A. Doyle, PhD
Please visit my "Emerging Diseases" message board at:
Zhan le Devlesa tai sastimasa
Go with God and in Good Health
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at Post to: biowar Unsubscribe to: biowar-unsubscribe List info: This email was sent to: Eugene.Leitl
EASY UNSUBSCRIBE click here: Or send an email to: biowar-unsubscribe
T O P I C A -- Register now to manage your mail!

@_date: 2001-11-18 10:08:09
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
Half the population? The distribution is not Gaussian (it's assymetrical,
short-changing the smart tail), so if the maximum is defined to be 100
it's inaccurate.

@_date: 2001-11-18 10:51:35
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: RE: Monkeywrenching airport security 
Unless they look for nitrogen in bulk of the specimen (PGNAA), a very
expensive/low-processivity technique unsuitable for mass luggage screening
they're limited to stuff stuck to surfaces (lasers, swabbing/ion motility
spectrometer)  and volatile sniffers (chemical sensors, canines).
Many classes of explosives contain no nitrogen, many of those which
contain nitrogen and are free of volatile tracers don't emit much
volatiles, if properly packaged even very volatile explosives (say, methyl
or ethylnitrate) can be sealed (glass bottles). Generally, the maker and
the packager, unless they work very cleanly/are suited should not be the
courier, nor the outer containers be present in the contaminated area.
In short, detection probability is only high for sloppy/dumb people.
Salts are different from traces of uncombusted nitrocellulose deposited on
any surface of a nearby gun being fired.
Nitroglycerin is not volatile, is present in large dilution (~0.1%) in
small quanitities (pharma bottle). Ditto nitrate salts in a water
I think you should be able to get a good positive if you'd fire several
rounds of vanilla smokeless with baggage surface being near the muzzle
of the gun. Try it sometime, if you're unafraid of winding up in a
database. I've found that transporting computer parts (motherboard) in
hand luggage can suffice to trigger swabbing (if you're really bored you
can discuss detection of Semtex traces with airport security).
Just use an overall when you're at the range, and wash it separate.
If you want to fool the security, you should become familiar with the type
of detectors used on your luggage. Of course, best solution is using human
factors to not have your stuff being screened at all.

@_date: 2001-11-18 11:09:49
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk failures 
Mojonation is ailing, too. Barely a trickle of few posts/week on all mojo
lists taken together.

@_date: 2001-11-22 17:36:25
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Denning's Geo-crypto 
Forgot the URL: The PRN is a tapped feedback shift register.

@_date: 2001-11-22 17:30:16
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Denning's Geo-crypto 
Given that a GPS receiver gets ephemeris data, almanach data and
pseudorandom code from each currently visible sat it has probably to do
with the latter. Consider S/A (which may or may not be switched off now, I
haven't checked): if you've got a secret part of the key you can refine
your position despite deliberate degradation (selective availability) than
the party without the key.

@_date: 2001-12-30 14:26:24
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Fun with bleach and nail polish remover 
Hydrogen peroxide is not an organic peroxide. Concentrated hydrogen
peroxide is unstable, and can violently decompose, especially if catalysts
(finely distributed metals, pyrolysite) are present, but it does not
detonate. The usual use for it is for hypergolic rocket fuel (with
unsymmetrical dimethyl hydrazine).
Organic peroxides is something else entirely. You can make organic
peroxides using hydrogen peroxide, though it is not advisable for laymen.
In fact, due to their instability, it is better not to work with them at
all. Considerable potential for severe or even terminal injury there.

@_date: 2001-12-29 13:56:16
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: NTBugtraq author says virus authors "terrorists" 
Of course the chiefest terrorists are purveyors of low-quality software
such as Microsoft. MS Outlook and Windows are the greatest threats to your
data, far beyond what the most heinous virus/worm could ever hope to
In a world of diverse, secure, noncommercial systems (free *nices) there
would be basically no worms nor viruses, and the damage they'd be doing
would be highly limited.
Ceterum censeo Microsoftem delendam esse.

@_date: 2001-12-05 12:52:53
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Ellison donates software for U.S. security 
who'd thunk
Ellison donates software for U.S. security
By Wylie Wong
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
December 4, 2001, 8:20 p.m. PT
Oracle Chief Executive Larry Ellison said Tuesday that he has donated
Oracle software to the U.S. government to create a database for national
After the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, Ellison has championed the need for
the United States to create a national standard for identification cards.
During his keynote speech at Oracle's OpenWorld customer conference in San
Francisco, Ellison said he has delivered Oracle's 9i database management
software to a U.S. government agency for national security, but he
declined to give further details, such as which agency or for what usage.
"We don't run those law enforcement agencies. We just provide them
software," he said during a news conference.
Ellison had earlier offered to donate its database software, but charge
for maintenance and upgrades as part of his goal of creating a national ID
Ellison has suggested airport security would be improved by requiring
travelers to provide their names and social security numbers to airport
security personnel. Security personnel could then compared the travelers'
thumbprints with those stored in a national security database to ensure
accurate identification.
When Oracle started up nearly 25 years ago, it built databases for the
Central Intelligence Agency. Database management software allows
businesses, Web sites and government agencies to store and manage vast
amounts of information. For example, Ellison said, the Immigration and
Naturalization Service has more than 80,000 handprints of travelers and
foreigners with visas to enter the country. He said national security data
is currently housed in multiple databases when it should be grouped
together in one central repository.
"There is cooperation (among government agencies)," he said. "But there's
a lot of data fragmentation."
During his news conference, Ellison added that a national standard for
identification cards is important for national security reasons. "Our
existing ID's should not be easily forged," he said. "Credit cards are
based on a set of standards, why doesn't the government?"

@_date: 2001-12-17 16:17:23
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: RE: CNN.com on Remailers 
How is this different from the current situation? Is usage of a specific
mainstream protocol sufficient protection from conspiracy charges? Joe Bob
Postfixuser is hardly a remailer operator.

@_date: 2001-12-16 11:22:46
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com on Remailers 
P2P nodes are ephemeral, the content is not. A short message hop from node
to node is in the second range. Assuming the message doesn't sit on the
node too long (running danger of it being pulled) and there are multiple
redundant messages in transit (you wanted more idle traffic? here's is
your idle traffic) the probability of delivery should be higher than the
current remailers'.
Ask Google for XML-RPC and Freenet and/or Mojo Nation.

@_date: 2001-12-23 20:45:47
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: FY;) [Pigdog] I've changed my mind, the 2nd amendment rocks (fwd) 
Reply-To: pigdog-l
So yesterday for my girlfriend's birthday 10 of us went to the Jackson
Arms Shooting Range (  ) in Millbrae to shoot
some guns.
I was a little scared about going, guns being EVIL and WRONG and very
Un-Berkeley (unless they're melted down into a statue provoting
nonviolence), but it was her 30th birthday, and she could do whatever the
hell she pleases.
We signed up for the novice package, which I must say is a pretty damn
good deal.  A retired cop gives you a 30 minute lecture on gun safety, how
guns work, how to grip them, how to aim them and all that good stuff.  He
used a Ruger MkII .22 pistol for the demonstration.  It was a little
disturbing, because I was sitting in the front of the class, and everytime
he needed to show one side of the gun or the other, he would point it up
and around in this big dramatic motion.  The intent was so that the gun
never faced anybody, but it was still a little scarey.
After the lecture and a little video that showed the semi-automatic pistol
reloading, we got to go to the range.  Everybody got a Ruger .22 and 100
bullets for target practice, but we were also allowed to upgrade our
pistols later.  We had the lane for two hours.
I was a tad bit scared when I picked up the gun, but not much as I would
have been if I hadn't had the course.  All my shots were consistently at 7
o'clock on the target (which was only 7 yards away).  I was sticking my
trigger finger too far into the trigger, so I was pulling it down and to
the left (I'm left handed).  The 3 women who were there were all DROP DEAD
ACCURATE though.  I mean right in the center of the target every single
So we started upgrading our guns.  I tried a 9mm (don't know what kind)
which I thought was as little jumpy and harsh, a Smith & Wesson revolver
(a .38 which is a .357 which is a .356 or some such nonsense) which was
FUCKING AWESOME, and a .44 which made really big wholes.  I have to say I
liked the revolver the most.  Once I shot the other weapons, I went back
to the .22 and was a hell of a lot more accurate.  The thing seemed like a
weak little toy gun.  It might as well be shooting suction darts.
They have a whole bunch of targets that you can choose from.... my
favorite was the hostage page. It had some unabomber looking guy with a
gun pointed at a woman.  I blasted the woman right between the eyes.
While we were there, a reporter from K101 who was doing a story on women
and guns interviewed us.  I guess she's a regular and when she learned a
woman was celebrating her 30th birthday by learning how to shoot, she had
to be there.  The woman kept asking Mary about safety and protection and
Mary said "oh, no, I just wanted to shoot stuff."  I guess we weren't what
she was looking for.  Mary will get a copy of the story in the mail, so
we'll see her take later.
Wow I really didn't think I'd enjoy shooting guns.  Now I need to join a
militia right away.
The teacher at one point did mention the 2nd amendment.  He said
"although the 2nd amendment guarantees us the right to bear arms, we do
not believe guns are for everybody."  So that was wholesome and
refreshing.   When the revolution comes I won't shoot him.  Actually I
think I'll stay away from him, after I saw what he could do rapidfire.
Also he would like the world to know that Danny Glover doesn't know how to
handle a firearm.
yikes! guns are cool!  What's a hippyuppymus to do?!?!

@_date: 2001-12-29 23:32:38
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Fun with bleach and nail polish remover 
Organic peroxides are useful as improvised blasting caps, but otherwise
much too unstable.

@_date: 2002-01-26 11:57:13
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] NYLUG.org Invitation to LinuxWorld pub event inNYC, Jan 31st @7:45pm (fwd) 
nylug-announce Elitists and Nyluggers,
If you plan to be in New York City for the LinuxWorld Expo show,
I hope you'll join us to sign pgp keys at an after-show pub event.
At the conclusion of Drew Streib's BOF (Birds of a Feather)
OpenPGP talk around 7:30pm, everybody will walk over to the
Tir Na Nog bar located nearby on 8th Avenue between 33rd and
34th Streets. A section in the cathedral bar area is reserved
for us. Check it out: When the exhibits close at 6pm, people from the New York Linux
Users Group booth will walk over to Drew's BoF located in room
1E13 downstairs on level 2. Here's more info on the talk:
We will mostly be hanging out, signing each other's keys, and
discussing Linux.
In the remote event that you can not meet us ;)
please be sure to look us up the next time you are in town.
- Jim

@_date: 2002-01-26 11:26:17
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: aibo and the dmca (fwd) 
Sony is very nazi about it (which is the reason I never buy anything from
them). I'm surprised you never ran into policies of Sony or several other
Japanese companies.

@_date: 2002-01-08 16:49:55
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: "Shoe bomb" and "how to defeat spyware" 
HMDT is another "alternative". Really fun to work with:
    Newsgroups: rec.pyrotechnics
    Subject: Re: HMDT
    Date: 10 Mar 92 04:53:20 GMT
    Organization: Tampere Univ. of Technology, Finland.
    :
    :
      Well, I put a small piece of HMTD into a brick, and hitted it with a
    hammer, and it didn't detonate. I also tried a 'spark-test' from a
    lighter, and didn't managed to detonate HMTD. ( Indeed in ntp, and in
    normal condition, HMTD wont detonate If you light it, It'll burn like
    cellulose nitrate - with a yellow flame. Well, I was more than
    Happy to see, That I'd found A PERFECT Primary-explosive to detonate
    high-explosives.
      Well At the July of 1989 It happened, I was damping HMTD into a .22
    LR copper cartridge, with a standart match, you see holding that
    cartridge in my left hand ,when it suddendly detonated, A HUGE explosion,
    and I found that for some reason, my hand was bleeding abt 1/2 liter
    of blood per min ( 1/9 gallon per min ) , and I could see my bone
    'shining' through scraped human tissue.
       Epiloque. Never NEVER load B-caps in your hand, Always use special
    tamping device when loading Blasting caps - any other use for HMTD is
    silly - Believe me, I had hitted HMTD with a Hammer, It didn't
    detonate, and now, when I try to load that stuff from same batch into
    a copper container, It detonates, even I press with maybe 1/2 kg
    ( = 1 pound ) force it.
       Maybe the batch was impure, but believe me, It really explode
    without no reason. I must say that HMTD is a good explosive, but It's
    truly unpredictable. I'm sure that there are many others in this
    newsgroup who can tell the same thing - months of hard handling, and
    then, a explosion by a minumum force.
They're made (or used to be made until very recently) from celluloid,
nitrocellulose of low degree of nitration plasticized with camphor. It is
soluble in acetone, but diethylether/ethanol is a better solvent. I don't
see this being anything else than binder, stabilizer or desensibilizer for
the organic peroxides/PETN.
A simple Google search should pull up dozens of links on how to make it.
Don't. If you don't know how to make it, it means you can't handle it
safely. Quantities of organic peroxides in novice's hands will quickly
make them missing digits, or Worse. Organic peroxides are much too
instable to be safely worked with, period.
See: 13.8 What is the chemical structure of common explosives?

@_date: 2002-01-05 12:40:14
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: pine filtering 
While in pine, hit the keys m s r f a
Use e.g. mattd  as From pattern
Set up a folder e.g. called junk in Filter action.
Of course, procmail is better, but you have to be careful when setting it
up, since it is easy to lose mail, if you don't know what you're doing.

@_date: 2002-01-02 19:42:24
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Magic Lantern - The FBI's viral key-logger (fwd) 
Reply-To: nnburk
Organization: Planetscape Enterprises
X-Accept-Language: en,ru
Please feel free to distribute this far and wide:
Magic Lantern - The FBI's viral key-logger
- The Latest -
[ISN] FBI confirms
"Magic Lantern" project exists
[ISN] Infamous hacker
group helps the Feds
Re: [ISN] Infamous
hacker group helps the Feds - cDc calls announcement "satire"
Re: [ISN] Infamous
hacker group helps the Feds
[ISN] DIRT-Magic
Lantern Firm Barred from Gov Work
FBI may be getting
full benefit of Magic Lantern... from BadTrans.B
[ISN] FBI surveillance bonanza in BadTrans.B worm
From the "We don't need no
stinkin' oversight" dept.:
Politech: FBI refuses to tell Congress aide about "classified" Magic Lantern
Security, Homeland Profits
Technology Already in the Hands of Law Enforcement
FBI Software
Records Each Keystroke
Software Firms
Object to FBI Eavesdropping
Scarfo, Phase 2: a.k.a. "Magic Lantern"
CYBERSECURITY - Threat of Terrorism on U.S. Infrastructure (nytimes.com)
What is Magic Lantern?
FBI software cracks encryption wall
Magic Lantern part of new Enhanced Carnivore Project
Carnivore (and 'Enhanced Carnivore') FOIA Documents
News: FBI's magic revealed as old tricks
I Is Building a 'Magic Lantern' (washingtonpost.com)
I Develops Eavesdropping Tools (washingtonpost.com)
McAfee sides with FBI against customers on "Magic Lantern"
Declan McCullagh's Politech
FBI reportedly creating "Magic Lantern" anti-crypto virus
Declan McCullagh's Politech
McAfee sides with FBI against customers on "Magic Lantern"
The Spy in Your Computer? (.mp3)
from Fact Squad Radio
Declan McCullagh's Politech
Has McAfee sided with FBI on "Magic Lantern" detection?
for NAI in Germany disputes the Washington Post article
from the German news site "Heise Online"
Declan McCullagh's Politech
McAfee replies -- by denying any FBI contacts of any sort
"Magic Lantern" Discussion
from Dave Farber's Interesting-People elist
McCullagh's Politech
Background on McAfee/NAI
Wired News Summary
'Lantern' Backdoor Flap Rages, By Declan McCullagh
Declan McCullagh's Politech
AP's Ted Bridis replies to McAfee: "I stand by my reporting"
Declan McCullagh's Politech
McAfee broadens denial: No contact with government of any sort
AV vendors split
over FBI Trojan snoops
Declan McCullagh's Politech
Symantec pledges to acquiese to FBI backdoor demands
Summary re: "Magic Lantern"
FBI 'Magic
Lantern' reality check (original article picked up by ISN, below)
[ISN] Magic Lantern
reality check
snoop tool old hat for hackers
ing - The FBI knows what you're typing
us firms: FBI loophole is out of line
irus Firms Say They Won't Create FBI Loophole
Politech: Symantec, McAfee
backpedal furiously on espionage enabled-software
Politech: More on Symantec,
McAfee, loopholes, and espionage-enabled 'ware
us firms balk at FBI loophole
Existence of Magic Lantern Confirmed by FBI
confirms "Magic Lantern" project exists
confirms Net spying tool exists
Infamous hacker group helps the Feds
[this one may be nothing more than humor or hoax... on the other
hand, the related article: Back
Orifice just a phantom seems (at first glance) to be consistent with
other articles regarding BO2K.]
Magic Lantern's Closest Relatives?
ZDNet: Back Orifice 2.0
Back Orifice
(incorrectly referred to in this article as "Back Office") and other
Back Orifice just a phantom
D.I.R.T. - A prototype for Magic Lantern?
Or is D.I.R.T. a S.C.A.M?
Dirty Secrets 2 - Data
Interception by Remote Transmission
D.I.R.T. being used to grab PGP keys as
early as 1998
Ghost - A Software Keylogger
KEYKatcher - Hardware Keyloggers
Can we trust LEAs?
Illegal LAPD wiretaps -- for
shame! by John Gilmore
More on LAPD and illegal wiretaps
Will the
Government Know What You Type?
The Privacy Snatchers
The Electronic Privacy
Information Center's extensive resources on wiretapping cases
US Ambassador on Corruption
Within Security Forces
First, brand all the children...
By Brock N. Meeks
Potential ways to detect (or protect against) Magic Lantern?
Protect or PC Security Guard
Warning: This page contains a possible "web bug" per Bugnosis
Integrity Master from Stiller Research
OpenAntiVirus Project
GnuPG (The GNU Privacy Guard)
Jetico's BestCrypt
Evidence Eliminator
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-15 18:00:32
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: CFP: PKI research workshop 
It requires sophistication to do MIM on a large scale. Active realtime
manipulation of traffic on the global scale is currently beyond the scope
of TLAs (but they're probably rather good at passive listening by now).
Especially, if the initial key exchange is cached, as there's temporal
constraints on the window of vulnerability.
It's not a minor point, and hence needs repeating.
Plus, web of trust mechanisms can always be added later. Rolling out
crypto on a massive scale (MUA-MTA, MTA-MTA, IM, P2P) is where's it's at.
[Moderator's note: This is simply wrong in a commerce situation. I
cannot emphasize that strongly enough. There are tools to assist in
doing MIM attacks out there, and doing it globally isn't needed --
doing it in front of one of amazon.com's ssl servers is what you need
to do, and there are few large installations out there without even a
single vulnerable machine. You need authentication to trust an
encrypted connection, and if you use a connection in commerce you need
to trust it. Even if your one transaction is low value a large site
puts through huge numbers of those low value transactions. --Perry]

@_date: 2002-01-03 18:26:33
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Future Gnu's 
Spare your breath. The only way to shut up someone with a mental condition
is to kick him off the list, to leave the list, or use filtering. They're
entirely closed to rational argumentation.
People who have something to say are usually not that patient, and just
leave the list. Overpermissiveness results in quality loss.

@_date: 2002-01-06 11:41:47
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Hackers Targeting Home Computers 
A *very* bad idea. First, the traffic doesn't bother me, personally. In
fact, it creates a need to use more diverse, and more secure systems.
Secondly, building realtime pattern recognition and traffic blocking
capability is something certainly to be abused in future.

@_date: 2002-01-07 13:38:48
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Orange crush 
I wouldn't cook polyhalogenated phenol dry or in high-boiling point
solvents in presence of copper powder, and alcali.

@_date: 2002-01-07 14:07:46
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
If you think cpunks are bad, try cryonicists. Ugh.

@_date: 2002-01-17 19:14:19
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Responsibility. 
Luckily, only individuhhals here. So, keep painting.
Can people be responsible for actions of crazy people?
I'd rather prefer to think of this as a rowdy bar. A place to have fun, a
place to get a bloody nose, possibly.
Why? Consenting adults here, last time I looked.

@_date: 2002-01-20 21:07:01
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: More clueless news forwardings 
I would suggest to use  as a
newsticker/cpunks news dumping ground while keeping the main list free
from twitter.

@_date: 2002-01-21 20:01:59
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Backscatter X-ray system. 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE January 14, 2002
CONTACT: Megan Galbraith
518-276-6050 galbrm
Rensselaer Researchers Seeing Farther and Faster with Terahertz (THz)
TROY, N.Y. - Xi-Cheng Zhang, the J. Erik Jonsson '22 Distinguished
Professor of Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and a team of
researchers are the first to image biological tissue using single pulses
of terahertz (THz or T-ray) radiation. This single-pulse approach will
improve diagnostic time from hours or days, down to minutes or seconds.
The technique could one day lead to computerized medical diagnoses right
in the physician's office.
Zhang and his colleagues combined T-rays-those that are within the
far-infrared region of the electromagnetic spectrum-with a new technique
that delivers single-picosecond-long "blasts" or "chirped pulses" of
light. Using a single pulse of THz radiation that is only a few
picoseconds long allows for better and faster imaging results in
biological tissue.
The unique properties of THz radiation allow it to "see" farther, and in
more detail, than imaging methods such as X-rays, ultrasound, and radar.
For example, T-rays have been demonstrated to effectively image skin burn
severity, tooth cavities, and skin and breast cancer.
As an alternative method of mammography, for example, T-rays can detect
breast cancer and "see" underground toxins better than other technologies,
such as X-rays. T-rays could also greatly enhance the mapping of DNA and
"Our idea is to fully automate analysis of these images," says Zhang. "One
day it could lead to diagnostic tools based on the THz response."
In combination with the chirped probe, the technique offers highly
detailed biological images (even if a patient moves during the procedure).
The images can be layered and mapped in color to produce high-resolution
images for biomedical applications.
A picture of a skin cancer tumor, for example, would be pieced together
using multiple T-ray images at different angles. This method creates a
biologically accurate 3-D picture that gives a researcher or diagnostician
a better understanding of the disease and how far it has spread.
Important industrial applications are foreseen in the package inspection
and manufacturing quality control. Zhang has received more than $7 million
in grants from the National Science Foundation, Army Research Office, and
Department of Energy.
CONTACT: Xi-Cheng Zhang: 518-276-3079 or zhangxc

@_date: 2002-02-25 12:29:24
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: contributors to cpunx-news solicited 
Content so far:
Would welcome more contributors and more diversity of sources and
opinions. Alternative archive locations are also welcome (yahoogroups
won't fold overnight, but the interface sucks considerably).

@_date: 2002-02-23 09:47:07
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: [Reformatted] EuroNazis want to ban thoughtcrime 
Let's recapitulate. We have a downunder nutcase who's using this public
resource for private dumping ground, while posting *a lot* (including
profanity and casual death threats, iirc) and constantly changing his
email address, thus avoiding filtering.
I don't propose the list policy to be changed, this particular forum
should be unmoderated. However, complaining to Matt's ISP (whose terms
he's clearly in violation with) and some grassroot pressure (if there are
100 people on his list willing to send back each of his messages 10x, he's
dealing with a 1000x amplification factor on each and single of his
messages) seems to be in order.
Does anyone see anything wrong with this plan?

@_date: 2002-02-23 09:26:12
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Auto Keys RNG 
Tougher indeed, if you decrypt the ignition table based on the secret in
the car key transponder. Something like a nuke PAL. (They're not doing
that yet, I know).
They're not EPROMS. Last time I ran into them these are custom embeddeds
(68HC11, MC68k derivates on a custom serial packet bus for BMW, nowadays
they probably will use ARM), with most code in PROM, some EEPROM (nowadays
flash, I guess) and some RAM. You'd need an entire part, and they're not
available on the open market. (Assuming, you'll go to the pains of driving
up a flatbed truck to the parking lot, and a specialist who can exchange
and program controlled parts, which really asks for high end cars for the
effort to pay).
Looks easier that way.

@_date: 2002-02-22 11:19:45
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: RSA shaken down for cash? 
Because Matt Taylor won't keep a single email address, and thus making
filtering him impractical, and because the cypherpunks list does not seem
to encourage limits on communication I suggest returning every single
message to him, whether manually, or via a procmail recipe.
He stores information on cypherpunks archives, let us store a few large
binaries in his inbox.

@_date: 2002-02-19 19:35:08
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [Mojonation-devel] you are invited to mnet-devel (fwd) 
The mnet-devel list is picking up steam.  The archives are still small enough
that you can read them in their entirety in order to get on the same page
as everyone else.  See these web sites:
See you there!
Mojonation-devel mailing list

@_date: 2002-02-19 17:51:47
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Tutorial/Instructions on SF on Linux (fwd) 
Hi Anita,
Yes, it looks a bit overwhelming at first, but it is really quite simple.
The two essential programs are sfspeaker and sfmike.
Sfspeaker listens continuously to port 2074, decodes any packets it
receives and sends the resulting audio to your sound sub-system.  It is
non-interactive, so you can just start it in the background and leave it
running.  In any console or x-terminal window run sfspeaker first, like
this - $ sfspeaker &
Sfmike is an interactive program, and needs to run in the foreground.  The
only essential argument to sfmike is the hostname or IP address.  The job
of sfmike is to listen for incoming audio from the sound sub-system (such
as you talking into your microphone), and encode and compress this into
packets that can be sent out over the network to the address you specify.
Assuming your audio hardware is working, and sfspeaker is running, and you
have verified that you can both record and playback audio in your system,
you can test your system with the speakfreely echo server like this -$
sfmike echo.fourmilab.ch On the command line you will see PAUSE.  Hit the
spacebar and it changes to TALK.  Hit space again and it's back to PAUSE -
it's a toggle.  Switch to TALK, and speak into your microphone for a few
seconds, then immediately hit space to get PAUSE again (I am assuming
half-duplex here - if you have full-duplex enabled we can get into that
later).  After a delay of about 10 seconds, you should hear your own voice
coming back to you!  If this works, you are all set.  You can now
disconnect sfmike by canceling it with ctrl-c.
To make a call to a user, you just need to type ``sfmike '' followed by
the hostname or IP address of the user you want to talk to.  If this is a
dialup internet user, you might want to use the speakfreely LWL server to
get the IP for the current session.  Assuming the remote user has
configured his speakfreely to publish his IP on the standard LWL server
along with his email address, you can get the IP like this - $ sflwl
lwl.fourmilab.ch The above will return a string which will include the IP address and port
number (looks something like 255.255.255.001:2074).  Just type ``sfmike''
on the command line, and then copy and paste that address, hit ,
and you will get the PAUSE thing.  Hit the spacebar, and say "hello" into
your mike.  Don't forget to hit the spacebar again so you can hear the
reply! When you're done you can end the call with ctrl-c.
There is much more to speakfreely than the above, but it should be enough
to get you started.  Let me know if you need more help.
Bob Young
On Tue, 19 Feb 2002 06:18:38 -0500
                      * * *
To unsubscribe from this mailing list, send E-mail containing
the word "unsubscribe" in the message body (*not* as the
Subject) to speak-freely-request

@_date: 2002-02-19 08:51:06
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: IP: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
"possibly even false ones"? "and even Western Europe". As official policy?
I wonder which genius comes up with those ideas.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: farber
By JAMES DAO and ERIC SCHMITT
The Pentagon is planning to provide news items, possibly even false ones,
to foreign media in order to influence public opinion in both friendly and
unfriendly countries.
The plans, which have not received final approval from the Bush
administration, have stirred opposition among some Pentagon officials who
say they might undermine the credibility of information that is openly
distributed by the Defense Department's public affairs officers.
The military has long engaged in information warfare against hostile
nations  for instance, by dropping leaflets and broadcasting messages into
Afghanistan when it was still under Taliban rule.
But it recently created the Office of Strategic Influence, which is
proposing to broaden that mission into allied nations in the Middle East,
Asia and even Western Europe. The office would assume a role traditionally
led by civilian agencies, mainly the State Department.
For archives see:

@_date: 2002-02-05 12:39:01
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Morphing Idiot 
Er, could somebody please kindly repost that evil procmail recipe (the one
with the remailer feature)?

@_date: 2002-02-07 13:46:36
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: list spam, game theory, etal. 
We have apparently a list policy which allows borderline nutcases to
contaminate the list with pointless high-volume spewage.
I have no problem with that, since I filter such noise to /dev/null.
However, content carriers find it much easier to unsubscribe (I personally
know several who left the list for exactly the reasons I stated), and this
I don't like, for purely selfish reasons.
A little procmail automation can 1) supply the remailer network with extra
traffic, making analysis more difficult 2) apply backpressure from the end
users, resulting in a grassrout silencing of offensive posters.
I think this regulation mechanism is appropriate for this particular

@_date: 2002-02-07 10:50:31
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: RE: list spam, game theory, etal. 
1) he's nuts. he won't listen to you.
2) somebody please post that procmail recipe which would clog up his
   mailbox

@_date: 2002-02-14 17:22:30
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: RE: Say a goodnight prayer for joshua. 
Um, I resolved the references just fine. It's just I missed the context,
because proffr goes to /dev/null

@_date: 2002-02-14 15:17:21
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: RE: Say a goodnight prayer for joshua. 
Maybe they shouldn't have become public servants, then.
WTF is this supposed to mean?
You make even less sense than proffr.

@_date: 2002-02-14 15:43:43
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: DC to get spycams --"no choice but to accept it" 
Shouldn't mention Brin, as his symmetry assumption (re quis custodiet) is
never true, yet interpreted superficially is very much like public
biometrics apology.
Near-future high-quality biometrics extraction could be cheaply integrated
into surveillance gear, and given ubiquitous wireless allow realtime
database matching and data warehousing. Such capabilities are much too
powerful to trust people with.

@_date: 2002-02-19 09:46:34
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
Admitting to run PSYOPS against allies has novelty at least to me.
Widespread realization of this results in loss of efficiency in
communication (everything is assumed to be a lie a priori unless proven
otherwise) and voter-driven change in policy (e.g. EU-US axis).

@_date: 2002-02-19 10:24:04
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: When Nannies Rule the Net (kinda long, sorry) (fwd) 
Here's a question for the privacy-tuned FoRK'ers out there:
  When does an ISP's self-appointed email nanny filter cross the line
  from public service feature to becoming an invasion of privacy?
I'll tell you why I ask: I recently learned that Canada.com may be
scanning my email.  According to the SMTP messages it gives out, their
mail system (or actually cp.net who handles many webmail and email
redir services) claims to be "protecting" me from spam.
Since their website privacy policy makes no mention of this action, I
don't even have their word that it is not more than this.  All I know
is that (a) at _least_ the headers of my incoming email messages are
being scanned, and (b) some of my messages are being rejected for
unspecified reasons other than being suspected of being "spam" (with
no definition "spam")
Am I being over-reactionary?  Canada.com is a national service of the
National Post, part of CanWest Global's fleet of information services.
Censorship and invasion of privacy does not seem consistent with their
aims -- either they (and the privacy commission) don't understand my
concern (like the day in '97 when I called the RCMP about my domain
being used to threaten the US House of Congress) or they don't care,
or ... maybe something really sinister _is_ going on here, and what
better place to gather data than through Canada's largest free email
Do any of you have such "spam" filters imposed on you?  Yes, I could
use another mail service, but after 7 years, I'm pretty entrenched at
this address and will be sad to leave it.  Such a move will also be
expensive.  Must I live with this or is there any precident for taking
action to have the ISP remove their watchdogs (or offer the option);
they can't tap my phone lines without reason (even if they don't tell
me the reasons) so why is it legal to tap my emails?
I don't begrudge nanny filters.  Just so long as you can opt out.  My
dialup ISP also had nanny-filters on our email, but when I requested
he turn it off, Mark said "No problem" and it was gone within the
hour.  I hate spam, I truly do, but I also know another local ISP
considers any email with the word "free" in the subject line to be
'spam' -- I hate spam, but I do not trust any robot (or any teen
sysadmin armed with procmail) to decide what I can and cannot read.
I wrote to Canada's federal privacy commission.  I've received no
reply; the following is what I sent to both the Privacy Commissioner
and to the domain owners of Canada.com.  For those who don't know,
"Sussex Drive" is the Canadian equivalent to Pennsylvania Avenue or
Britain's  Downing Street ...
Dear Canada.com,
It has come to my attention that canada.com is silently scanning and
censoring my email; the attached error message I received from
sunsite.dk shows email rejected by canada.com. The canada.com server
calls this action a "UCE/spam filter" but a rose by any other name ...
The email in question was indeed spam, but this is irrelevent; it
could have easily been important email from the JDE developer's group.
The fact is, without knowing the censorship policy or even the true
reasons for this message being rejected (RFC 822 Headers? The Subject
line? The sender email? The keywords in the body of the message?)
it's impossible to say how much of my email is being read, judged
and rejected by your system administrators, robotic or otherwise.
Is it an Internet service provider's place to silently decide what
should and should not be read? No, at least, not without my awareness
and, hopefully, not without my permission.  Sunsite.dk caught this
particular infraction, but other sources may not; I now wonder what
other email your self-appointed net nannies have silently siphoned
from my mailqueue.
The sky is the limit when invasion of privacy and censorship takes root.
Checking the canada.com policies, email options and help pages, I can
find no statement that our email is being monitored and arbitrarily
censored. There is certainly no user option to disable censorship.
I have a great deal of experience with UCE; I have been using the
Internet since 1987. I am a big boy and can determine on my own what I
should and should not read.  Others may welcome your filtering of
their personal mail, and that is fine and welcome, but I expect an
email service, not a mother (I have one, thanks); apart from the
secret filtering of my mail, Canada.com is a very good and very
reliable email service, one I recommend in all directions.
I also have a great deal of experience with the processing of natural
language. Fact: Robots do not reason. Robots follow rules, and as a
result, robots _always_ fail the Turing Test; Murphy's Law implies
they will fail on the most important email.
   Case in point: This last year, I discovered my own very carefully
   crafted suite of UCE filters were silently deleting _all_ email
   from my good friend Udo Kasemets (Canada's leading modern composer,
   now 80 yrs old) --- due to his long 'silence', I believed he might
   be dead until I was finally able to reach him by telephone.
   I no longer silently delete my UCE, I _spool_ it and scan the list
   periodically for filtering mistakes.  I learned my lesson through a
   frightful scare: Had Udo passed away in that interim, I would have
   never forgiven myself.
What comes next?  Will canada.com quietly reject incoming email
containing explicit sexual material (such as "SusSEX DRIVE" ;) or
which criticizes US foreign policy ... or CanWest?  Perhaps you will
quietly BCC all "suspicious" patterns (like Arabic names) to CSIS?
That canada.com is scanning my email at all makes me queasy. Isn't it
a violation of my basic right of privacy? Do you also search the
pockets and purses of all employees and public visitors?  Such
policies, where they must exist, should be made explicit.
Blind robotic censorship is precisely why canada.com is itself banned
by some networks (such as the LA Freenet who ban us all because they
believe canada.com to be a source of spam, based on triggers from
similar well-meaning but mis-guided robots).
Let us not propagate this madness.  Let us allow reason to prevail.
Invasion of privacy and silent censorship is not the hallmark of a
free society and it goes against everything Can-West stands for.  It's
What if you discovered BCE was silently monitoring all our telephone
office calls and disconnected (or blocking) vendors _they_ deemed
'inappropriate'?  Would the National Post class this as an ethical
business practice?
If you wish to be helpful, you might use your UCE filters to tag email
as suspect by inserting appropriate X- headers; you can then tell
members to filter their own email by "rejecting the X-UCE header" and
easily implement this as a switch on the server, perhaps with an
option to "filter to a folder" or to "filter to trash".  In the
meantime, please (if at all possible) disable this wonton trashing of
our emails.
Your sincerely,
Gary Lawrence Murphy
ps -- if your censorship policy is posted on canada.com, please let me
know; I did honestly try to find it.
FYI:  from the RISKS-Digest ...
   According to today's Globe, AOL's spam filters rejected e-mail sent
   by Harvard's admissions department to anxious applicants.  The
   interesting thing is that "AOL officials could not explain" why
   their servers identified these e-mail messages as spam.  No
   explanation, no responsibility, apparently no indication of
   anything that Harvard could do to avoid the problem in the future.
   Just one of those things, like the weather.
  [The AOL Harvard problem was noted by quite a few RISKS readers.]

@_date: 2002-02-27 16:13:11
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Recording Sunder on the Subway 
I'm told they started installing cameras in the local buses (Munich,
Germany). Haven't seen them myself yet.

@_date: 2002-02-23 12:10:31
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Re: [Reformatted] Eugene Leitl want to ban thoughtcrime 
I have no problem with nutcases, as long as they're not disruptive. You're
being disruptive to this list.
I don't want you instituionalized. I just want you to behave borderline
normally on this channel.
Yes, it's public, not your private property. So stop dumping your trash
I try to track down and report spammers whenever it is possible. You're
fortunately not hard to track.
I don't give a damn about your death threats and profanity. Your ISP does:
"The customer must not use their Internet access to annoy, harass or harm
other Internet customers.
The customer must not use their Internet access for any unlawful purpose
or in any unlawful manner."
Clear enough? Shall I pull up a number of your posts which are in
violation of these rules you accepted when you signed up with your ISP?
I had to change my filtering rules thrice to block you. This means you're
not interested in being minimally disruptive, but actually trying to get
past people's rules. This won't do.
Yes, you're absolutely innocent. Matt Taylor, keep up polluting this list,
and I'll personally pull up the choicest of your fewmets, and forward them
to your ISP.
Who's thinking Matt Taylor contributes valuable material to this list? A
show of hands? Yohn Young, perhaps?
At some point you were contributing at least 10 posts in my inbox.
Returning all your emails to you is a below the belt attack? Huh?

@_date: 2002-02-28 09:52:59
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Interesting new cipher patent 
Given system lifetime of a decade, and the rate of traffic (clearly a TBps
router leaks more than a few email messages), you might not have to rekey
at all.
Okay, so there seems to be a niche for it. The simplicty refers to the
algorithm. Of course you have to represent the state, and a parallel
implementation would of course add a constant factor to each bit of state.

@_date: 2002-02-28 07:54:18
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Interesting new cipher patent 
A question: assuming, you have a class of random number generators with
lots of internal state. (Lots: like >>10^6 bits). Let's say the evolution
through state space of that generator is provably reversible (or nearly
reversible), and that the Hamiltonian of the system is stochastic (system
evolution is a randomwalk in state space). The result is a pseudorandom
number generator with a ridiculously long periode, and good randomness of
output, obviously. A simple cypher based on it would exchange the
pseudorandom generator state (the key) through a secure channel,
similiarly to a one time pad.
Can someone point me towards papers describing construction of above
generators? I'm thinking about reversible cellular automata (is Gutowitz
the only guy who did CA crypto?) or automata networks with changing
connection geometry (i.e. the connection is also encoded in the state and
changes with each iteration) with the number of total iterations estimated
from lightcone considerations.
Point of this:
* algorithmic construction of PRNGs with provable properties
* lots of internal state, hence bit leakage even for a lot of messages
  buys attacker little
* scalable (add more state as hardware improves)
* directly mappable to hardware, very good parallelism
Any pointers?

@_date: 2002-02-28 07:54:18
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Interesting new cipher patent 
A question: assuming, you have a class of random number generators with
lots of internal state. (Lots: like >>10^6 bits). Let's say the evolution
through state space of that generator is provably reversible (or nearly
reversible), and that the Hamiltonian of the system is stochastic (system
evolution is a randomwalk in state space). The result is a pseudorandom
number generator with a ridiculously long periode, and good randomness of
output, obviously. A simple cypher based on it would exchange the
pseudorandom generator state (the key) through a secure channel,
similiarly to a one time pad.
Can someone point me towards papers describing construction of above
generators? I'm thinking about reversible cellular automata (is Gutowitz
the only guy who did CA crypto?) or automata networks with changing
connection geometry (i.e. the connection is also encoded in the state and
changes with each iteration) with the number of total iterations estimated
from lightcone considerations.
Point of this:
* algorithmic construction of PRNGs with provable properties
* lots of internal state, hence bit leakage even for a lot of messages
  buys attacker little
* scalable (add more state as hardware improves)
* directly mappable to hardware, very good parallelism
Any pointers?

@_date: 2002-03-15 13:17:59
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: decent full duplex voice crypto 
An update on this. Speak Freely really does have a full duplex mode:
pressing the space bar over a connection window will make you enter it
(should have been default).  The speech quality is very good, and IDEA
works nicely (haven't tried the other encryptions). I don't think I'll
bother with PGPfone/Nautilus. Haven't used built-in chat, as it's not
encrypted (*bad*).
One thing is lag on long haul connections (had some trouble with Brazil,
New Zealand, U.S. South and Canada was very crisp, despite some of the
other end being on dialup). All this applies to the SF 7.2 running under
Haven't been able to get GNUpg work with it yet. Next thing to try is to
get Linux version of it going, plus trying for GNUpg interoperability for
IDEA key exchange.

@_date: 2002-03-04 14:40:31
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [>Htech] certainly worth a try (fwd) 
films available from the Defense Department
  compiled by Michael Ravnitzky
SOME INTERESTING DEFENSE DEPARTMENT FILMS AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
   PART I - INTRODUCTION AND EXPLANATION by Michael Ravnitzky,
                 mikerav
     Recently I received a large partial inventory list of thousands of
Defense Department motion picture films and videotapes. I have selected a tiny
sampling of these films that seem interesting for some reason or other, or
have remained classified for years despite evidence of some public interest in
their contents. This is just a personal selection; please keep that in mind.
There are thousands and thousands other films out there waiting to be viewed.

@_date: 2002-03-02 18:45:18
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Interesting new cipher patent 
I thought I mentioned the point of this in the passage you snipped; here
is it again:
* algorithmic construction of PRNGs with provable properties
* lots of internal state, hence bit leakage even for a lot of messages
  buys attacker little
* scalable (add more state as hardware improves)
* directly mappable to hardware, very good parallelism
I'm trying to create a scalable class of stream ciphers which at the
extreme end converge towards properties of an one time pad. I want them to
have provable properties (reversible CA, light cone reasoning; network of
cell with virtual connectivity), be algorithmically constructable and be
capable of ~TBps encoding bitrates, if implemented in hardware.
One time pads for TBit rate links are impractical. It would be interesting
whether such a small secret as ~1 MByte bitvector would create sufficient
security against sustained cryptoanalysis for a time window of operation
of about a decade. I haven't specified means of secret distribution, but
for high bit rates links the keys could be exchanged in plain (passive
attack, window of vulnerability during first link setup), via hardware
tokens/sneakernet (secure channel), via public-key methods (active MITM
attack), or installed during manufacturing/network setup (secure channel
Reversibility allows you to prove that there are no short attractor
cycles. (For near reversibility the proof would have to be probabilistic).
I'm describing an extreme case of a stream cypher, yes.

@_date: 2002-03-14 10:11:27
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: decent full duplex voice crypto 
I've been playing with SpeakFreely yesterday (Win2k, not the Linux version
yet), and found the quality adequate (I'm using a high-quality USB
headphones) yet the CB-style mouse pressing objectionable.
Haven't had time to test PGPfone and Nautilus yet, so is there at all any
system with real full duplex? Linux version preferable (the Labtec Axis
712 USB headset can do full-duplex according to
 )
If there's no full-duplex crypto packages, alternative nominations for
other free true full-duplex VoIP is welcome.

@_date: 2002-03-15 19:42:49
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Let's knock off the "Reformatted" repostings of junky 
Right. Please subscribe to cpunx-news (you could set
preferences to no email delivery), and send relevant stuff there. Keep
this list free of clutter.

@_date: 2002-03-24 08:28:02
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: design considerations for distributed storage networks 
I think claims to Mojo's demise are a bit premature:
The commercial part has folded, however the niche is clearly not

@_date: 2002-03-24 09:01:51
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Define "signal" and "noise." 
There's no observer-invariant ranking of content. There's clustering,
though. User feedback paraphernalia attached to each message (say, X-Rank:
similiarly to Googlebar's smiley/frowny and a bit of clustering run
server-side could do wonders here. Trouble is, you'd need MUAs who are
aware of X-Rank, and/or attach ranking urls at the bottom of each message.
Plus, server-side infrastructure.

@_date: 2002-03-27 21:43:37
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: network topology 
You don't mean something like this:
 do you?
For myself, I used to call virtual high-dimensional lattice topologies
hypergrids, or n-grids.

@_date: 2002-03-30 12:20:18
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Celsius 451 -the melting point of Cat-5   Re: network 
Thanks to gamers, ping latencies are getting better. ADSL is a pain, but
even 128 kBit upstream can be useful, if aggregated from multiple sites.
Queries for distributed P2P search engines should use ACKless protocols,
Um, you can, just block incoming connections. It's a problem with REST.
If you run a P2P-agnostic firewall, you'll have a problem with random
incoming ports. I suggest camouflaging as bona fide traffic, including
gaming and streaming multimedia.
Yes, probabilistic headless node discovery vs. a centralist approach.
Don't use trees, trees are stupid. Use high-dimensional meshes.

@_date: 2002-03-30 12:03:28
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: Celsius 451 -the melting point of Cat-5   Re: network 
If we're talking about the physical layer, not the virtual layer, the size
of the address space is quite irrelevant, it's the density of occupation
(fraction of p2p nodes/total address space) that counts. In the beginning,
the density is low, so excessive scanning is necessary. However, you got
your P2P package from a place (unless you use the P2P network to
distribute own clients), and it could come with a number of last known
nodes to connect to. Depending on whether you optimize for performance
(high dimensionality) or high security (low dimensionality, prestige-based
nodes) you would use different strategies.
The physical layer of use-owned infrastructure is routed ad hoc mesh, with
the connectivity being typically restricted to nearest members. Also, you
will have dynamic nodes, which move around, and change their connectivity,
and lots of nodes popping in and out. For this, you wouldn't want to use
anything like TCP/IP but a geodetic routing scheme, which is
local-knowledge-only based. Basically zero admin traffic outside of your
direct neighbourhood, and a position fix for free, too. Latency is
typically bad as long you do only store-and-forward instead of
cut-through. Cut-through does make more sense with high local bandwidth
within cell and high link throughput (vacuum as FIFO, only spilling over
into local memory when your local cell bandwidth is exceeded).
High security networks need to be cell-based, and use prestige as verified
by crypto authentication. Your transaction track makes you accrue mana. A
narc node would have to serve years before being admitted into local
cell's inner sanctum, which relativates the damage of a local cell gone
Also, it is only a question of time until we'll see (stealthy) internet
worms with p2p cargo. This could really boost a fledgling network into 100
kNode size virtually overnight.
Problem with this is that P2P network designers typically operate in a
babe in the woods mode, while hardening the network properly is very hard.
seems to be less clueless than most, but it's hard to evaluate it on

@_date: 2002-03-30 11:31:56
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Re: network topology considerations 
Torus only comes into equation when you're talking about a global network,
or orbiting assemblies (orbits are circular, try projecting an assembly of
2^n nodes on a surface of a sphere). Try mapping next-neighbour connected
2^n nodes on a 3d lattice into 1d. You can handle projections from higher
dimensions by looking at a normalized connection table.
Here's a snip from an old "paper" of mine:
 This table represents the 3-cube:
 ref. Binary Signs  binary     connected
 ID   Count         Offsets    IDs
 +---+-----+------+-----------+-------+  (alt.:
 0 | 000 |  +++ |  +4 +2 +1 | 4 2 1 |   perfect
 1 | 001 |  ++- |  +4 +2 -1 | 5 3 0 |   shuffle
 2 | 010 |  +-+ |  +4 -2 +1 | 6 0 3 |   stages (1,2,3)
 3 | 011 |  +-- |  +4 -2 -1 | 7 1 2 |   of the initial
 4 | 100 |  -++ |  -4 +2 +1 | 1 6 5 |   ref. ID)
 5 | 101 |  -+- |  -4 +2 -1 | 2 7 4 |
 6 | 110 |  --+ |  -4 -2 +1 | 3 4 7 |
 7 | 111 |  --- |  -4 -2 -1 | 4 5 6 |
 +---+-----+------+-----------+-------+
boolean 5-cube                    5-grid (open-space version.
                                          free links not shown)
-  --------------
---------------  ---------------
Notice that the N=5 hypercube has a fractal connectivity in the connection
I didn't have time to follow this discussion, but that requirement strikes
me as unreasonable. It is a really good idea to incorporate defectivity
into your network, whether virtual (mounted on top of existing networks)
or real, assuming they're to scale to a size beyond trivial.
If you consider the constraints of the physical layer (crossbars don't
scale, and latency limits bidirectional acknowledged protocols to short
links), you'll that doesn't leave you with too many choices.
