
@_date: 2004-07-12 13:57:10
@_author: Virgil Marcinkiewicz 
@_subject: 250% Gain Expected On XLPI,,.travertine 
hxeoqg husafv
jweifq+++ HOT..Trading,Alert.,Get..XLPI.,Immediately!+++uhlbpn
Xcelplus is preparing for the launch into television in early July.
Airtime is being acquired on some major networks such as: CNBC, ESPN,
ABC, NBC, CBS, FOX, CNN, as well as several others.
The SPECULATIVE TARGET PRICE IN NEXT 3-5 DAYS: $2.15 - 2.39
The SPECULATIVE TARGET PRICE IN NEXT 10 DAYS: $2.92
Did you miss out on ACST, UP 400%?, ICMH up 130%? and others?
Now What are you waiting for?
Here's another pick - Another potential big Play - XLPI
            ++ EXCITING NEWS JUST RELEASED FOR XLPI ++ Before we start with the profile of XLPI we would like to mention something very important:
THERE IS BIG PR CAMPAIGN for XLPI STARTING on July 13th and ITS EXPECTED
THERE WILL BE HUGE DEMAND FOR XLPI SHARES.
+>+>+> Company Profile +>+>+>
Xcelplus International
Current Price:..1.45
The SPECULATIVE TARGET PRICE IN NEXT 3-5 DAYS: $2.15 - 2.39
The SPECULATIVE TARGET PRICE IN NEXT 10 DAYS: $2.92 ABOUT THE COMPANY
XcelPlus is a specialty chemicals and lubricants distributor. We provide solutions to every day problems people encounter on the job, in their cars, homes as well as in the air. The formulas we provide have been around since the 1970's and have been documented as well as proven over the years in countless applications. They have been marketed under various private labels; Lubrilon, Slick 50 (1978-1984), Matrix, Camtron, Z-Bond as well as others. You may not recognize the formulas but you may remember some of these names.  **The formulas these companies may use today are not the formulas they were originally supplied with.
Aircraft engines have kept running even after they ran out of oil.  This has happened in countless numbers of automobiles as well over the years some times even intentionally. Transmissions have been enabled to perform better, racers have discovered us as well including some internationally known racers. NEWS RELEASE:
Xcelplus International (Pink Sheets: XLPI) is pleased to announce major
progress in its efforts to place product in the retail sector.
Mr. Smith, the President of Xcelplus stated, "A major hurdle has been
overcome by the acceptance of our products for review for shelf placement
by Advance Auto Parts and Pep Boys. We see this as a genuine indication
of interest by major retailers to carry the Xcelplus product line."
****Get This First Thing Today It Will Explode ALL Week****
Fax Campaign Will Begin Tuesday Evening And Will Produce A Huge
Day Wednesday With Big Earnings So Get It Now For Big Gains All Week!
Please Lookup Ticker XLPI.PK and read all the latest news!
Information within this email contains "forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, goals, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be "forward looking statements." In compliance with Section 17(b),we disclose the holding of XLPI shares prior to the publication of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares. Shares may be sold at any time, even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company. Since we own shares, there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions. Readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties, that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward- looking statements. Please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein. This newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer. All statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such. We may own, buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time. This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may include terms as "expect", "believe", "may", "will", "move","undervalued" and "intend" or similar terms. This newsletter was paid $9000 from third party to send this report. PLEASE DO YOUR OWN DUE DILIGENCE BEFORE INVES!
TING IN ANY PROFILED COMPANY. You may lose money from investing in Penny Stocks.
armlet acceptable slain decoration urgent acclimatise forgiving
