
@_date: 2003-09-04 12:39:15
@_author: twenty five million dollars 
@_subject: mail from Fatima Iyesa Ismiana 
My dearest in Christ,
May God be praised!!!
I am Mrs. Fatima Iyesa Ismiana, from Kuwait. I am married to Usman Ismiana of blessed memory who worked with Kuwait embassy in Madrid Spain for nine years before he died in the year 2000. We were married for eleven years without a child he died after a brief illness that lasted only four days. Before his death he was a very devoted Muslim and I was a devoted Christian by birth battling with both cancer and fibroid problems when my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $25million dollars (twenty five million dollars) with an overseas finance and security firm. Presently, this money is still with finance and security firm. Recently, my doctor told me that I had a terminating illness (cancer) that would last for the next four months. Though what disturbs me most is my stroke sickness, having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to either a Christian organization or a devoted Christian individual that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct here in. I want this Christian organization or individual to use this money in all sincerity to fund churches, orphanages, widows and also propagating the word of God and to ensure that the society upholds the views and beliefs of the holy bible.  The holy bible emphasized so much on the giving of alms, charity and this has encouraged me in taking this bold step. I took this decision because I don't have any child to start from and where I will stop and my husband's relatives are all Muslims and I don't want my husband hard earned money to be misused by people that call me an unbeliever.
 I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an unholy manner hence the reason for taking this bold decision. I know that after death I will be with God the most high and the most merciful one. I don't need any telephone communications but will only give you the contact of my lawyer Barr. Glenn Cole because he is the one who is going to assist you in making you the beneficiary of the consignment in the finance and security firm if you receive this letter please call my lawyer with telephone number +873-763-430-525 or fax number +873-763-430-526, if you want to speak with me he will arrange for that because my doctor warned me to stop talking on the telephone secondly, I can't discuss in the presence of my husbands relatives for the always stay with me in the hospital, my lawyer is the only person that knows the decision that I am taking.
With God, I know that all thing are possible and as soon as I receive your reply through my lawyer I will now give him instruction to make you the beneficiary of the consignment and all necessary steps to take before receiving these funds and I shall also give you the contact of the finance and security firm I will also issue you a letter of authority that will prove you as the original beneficiary of the funds. I want you and the Christian community where you reside to always pray for me. My happiness is that I lived a life of a true devoted Christian though married to a Muslim, whoever that wants to serve God must serve him in truth and in spirit, please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for another Christian organization or a devoted Christian for the same purpose. Until I hear from you my dreams will rest squarely on your shoulders, may the Almighty God continue to guide and protect you.  Amen. Yours faithfully,                                                                                                                   Mrs. Fatima Iyesa Ismiana
