
@_date: 2002-01-21 21:28:42
@_author: OT; 100% content-free 
@_subject: Re: True Names reviewed on /. (OT; 100% content-free) 
(Sing-along MIDI available at:
Kids, I don't know what's wrong with these kids today
Kids, who can understand anything they say
Kids, they are disobedient, disrespectful oafs
Noisy, crazy, sloppy, lazy loafers
And while we're on the subject
Kids, you can talk and talk till your face is blue
Kids, but they still do just what they want to do
Why can't they be like we were, perfect in every way
What's the matter with kids today?
Kids ...
I don't mind the moonlight swims,
it's the loop-da-loop that hurts
Kids ...
How will we ever beat the Russians?
Kids ...
I didn't know what growing up was
till I was almost past it
Laughing, singing, dancing, grinning morons
And while we are on the subject
Kids, they are just impossible to control
Kids, with their awful clothes and their rock and roll
Why can't they dance like we did?
What's wrong with Sammy Kaye?
What's the matter with kids today?
Kids, what's the matter with kids today
Kids, who can understand anything they say
Kids, they are so ridiculous, and so immature
I don't see why anybody wants them
Just you wait and see
Kids, they are just impossible to control
Soon you will be old enough to be
Kids, with their awful clothes and their rock and roll
Another teenage delinquent
Why can't they be like we  were, perfect in every way
What's the matter with kids today
Kids, what the devil is wrong with these kids today
Kids, who could guess they would turn out that way
Why can't they be like we were, perfect in every way
What's the matter with kids?
What's the matter with kids?
What's the matter with kids today?

@_date: 2002-01-20 00:32:22
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: One arms violent people with weapons 
True, but I don't remember reading of Krupp engineers being among the very few
who were vocally opposed to their client. Unlike the situation of the
cypherpunk contractors today, who seem to be able to  rationalize anything in
the name of the free market. Looks like you really can have it both ways: get
on the soapbox about protecting freedom and civil liberties (to be able to stand
yourself) while quietly making government money hand over fist undermining it!
Getting people who wouldn't sign up for a federal job in a million years to
come up with top-notch technology and strategy has to be the best scam going.
And how supremely ironic that it took a contractor to hatch the very idea of
In-Q-tel itself.
I couldn't be more in favor of intelligence reform of the sort Robert Steele
pushes--open-source, privatization, etc.--but where's the oversight? The
accountability? With privatization, it's as if you have these great congealed
gelatinous lumps of toxic waste that used to be plopped on top of Langley and
Ft. Meade being forced down pinlike wormholes never see the light of day again.
Just as toxic, but invisible and all over the damn place. "Sunshine" might
very well be "the best disinfectant" but how can you even begin to put your
finger out to scrape the rot away if not even the government knows where all
its pieces are? Monstrous.
And I must say there's something inherently despicable in the idea of someone
without clearance generating subsequently classified ideas and data for a
government client--who not only wouldn't trust them with their own research if
they asked for it, but doesn't trust them enough to let on the real name of the
agency, much less what they're doing with it. Plausible deniability be damned,
this is rotten to the marrow.
So go ahead and have fun mocking the incompetent donutchompers-- but don't
forget a sideways glance now and again at the guy who might just have done the
research that led them to find that gaping new undisclosed hole in PGP.
But hey! neither one of you will ever know.  So keep laughing.

@_date: 2002-01-15 03:01:13
@_author: Bryan Magee, 2001, 397 p. 
@_subject: Re: True Names reviewed on /. 
Bah! You actually think old people are the only ones who read books? When was
the last time you asked someone in graduate school about it, must've been
You want to know the last book I read cover to cover? "Uncertianty: A Guide
to Dealing With Uncertainty in Quantitative Risk and Policy Analysis", (Morgan
and Henrion, 1990, 332 p.) You want to know when? Yesterday. Four more on
related subjects in the last seven days. All that on top of a 40-hour work
week, homework, and and trying to get my head around a new language for an
advanced simulation modeling and analysis class.
But then, since I don't waste time on vapid TV shows, I have more time than
you'd think. The last non-work related hardback: The Tristan Chord: Wagner and
Philosophy (Bryan Magee, 2001, 397 p.) When? Last week. VCR: the old BBC
productions of Shakespeare's Timon of Athens, The Merchant of Venice, Richard
II, and Henry IV part 1, one a night. Some C-SPAN, bookTV on C-SPAN 2.
So the next time you feel like sniffing at somone else's reading and leisure
habits on the basis of age alone, perhaps it would be helpful to trouble
yourself to learn the tiniest little bit about what they are, eh?
Agh, back to work. :)
Our contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there
shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for civil and religious liberty.

@_date: 2002-01-04 19:01:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Faustine's paranoia index 
I'm a firm believer in mobile preparedness: in fact, every day I never leave
home without carrying a complete BOB concealed in a Kate Spade bag. And I mean
fucking EVERYTHING, the true survivalist nutcase works: first aid kit,emergency
rations, flashlight, space blanket, poncho liner, magnesium fire starter, water
purifying tabs, mini-entrenching tool, Swiss army knife, NIOSH-95 filter mask,
nitrile gloves, monocular, grundig shortwave, passport, etc etc. (Full contents
available on request, it would take awhile!)
Okay... I'll post it in the following forum today or over the weekend:
If I can dig my digital camera out of storage, I'll even put up a picture or
two of it. I'll use some other nym, but I'm sure you won't have any trouble
finding my post in the "Survival Kit" section.
If you haven't come across it yet, this is a great site--tons of valuable
information. There's also a huge archive of old threads you can get to
through Google, worth a look.
"When even one American--who has done nothing wrong--is forced by fear to shut
his mind and close his mouth, then all Americans are in peril."

@_date: 2002-01-04 01:12:21
@_author: MMPI-2 
@_subject: Faustine's paranoia index 
You know, you might just have a point...
Voodoo bullshit to be sure, but I meant the big one, not their "career planning"
"The Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory-2 (MMPI-2) instrument, the
restandardized version of the original MMPI instrument, is an empirically-
based assessment of adult psychopathology used by clinicians to assist with the
diagnosis of mental disorders and the selection of appropriate treatment.
Ten years ago, the standard settings in which psychologists practiced were
offices, clinics, hospitals, and schools. Today, more and more, clinicians find
themselves in the nation's courts, prisons, businesses, government agencies,
and other venues. Throughout the transition, the MMPI-2 test maintained its
position as the standard in psychological assessment and moved easily into
these new areas with setting-specific reports."
If you can ever imagine yourself in a situation where it might be to your
advantage to manipulate your test results to seem a little less antisocial or
whatever, getting familiar with how they control for deception and which
questions map to which personality "disorders" could come in quite handy.
The idea of pigeonholing people this way is morally repugnant: do pardon me for
not feeling like playing along.  Personally, I've never had to take it, but
couldn't resist the challenge of figuring out how to beat it. And practicing
until I got every goddamn scale to come out the way I wanted it to. Now I can
avoid being labeled...
4 Pd - Psychopathic Deviate
ANG2 - Anger: Irritability
CYN1 - Cynicism: Misanthropic Beliefs
ASP1 - Antisocial Practices: Antisocial Attitudes
TPA1 - Type A: Impatience
TPA2 - Type A: Competitive Drive
FAM2 - Family Problems: Familial Alienation
TRT2 - Negative Treatment Indicators: Inability to Disclose
O-H - Overcontrolled Hostility
and come out smelling like a rose with...
S1 - Beliefs in Human Goodness
S2 - Serenity
S3 - Contentment with Life
He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from
oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will
reach to himself.

@_date: 2002-01-03 22:38:02
@_author: 1903-1984 
@_subject: Faustine's paranoia index 
One would think the more interesting question for you to ask is why I
chose the word permit-->S<--. Pick up the pace, Sherlock.
But what's so amusing is how incredibly well I hide it.
Of course, the most obvious thing to do would be to give you the
standard-issue sermon about what happened to people trapped in various
historical crises when they failed to prepare ahead of time, etc. etc. Or give
you examples of the many times I've actually used the contents of my bag to
help others--you'd probably be surprised.
But since I'm sure you don't want to hear it, I might as well cede the
point that any "normal" person is going to think carrying a portable BOB on my
person wherever I go is eccentric to the point of being downright
nutty. Given that you'd never suspect it of me unless I told you-and you'd
never notice anything out of the ordinary even if you were standing right next
to me--I suppose there's nothing left to do but for both of us to feel smug at
each other.
Though you might be interested to note that my employer was the one who issued
all its analysts the NIOSH-95 filter mask and nitrile gloves. And the first day
I got here, I found on my desk a gift basket containing a black fanny pack
with-let me get it out of my file cabinet and see here-a "one person three
day survival kit"; quoting the tag on the side: "food rations, water pouches,
flashlight, waterproof blanket, radio and batteries, and first aid supplies."
Not everyone is as scornful of being prepared as you are.
Not on your life, baby. But given that I know the L, F, Pd and Pa scales of the
Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory like the back of my hand, it's
something of a moot point. A little recommended reading you might find
relevant: Cleckley, Hervey (1903-1984): The Mask of Sanity, Fifth Edition, 1988.
Hope that helps!
He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from
oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will
reach to himself.

@_date: 2002-01-06 03:20:47
@_author: or: mindless OT bickering 
@_subject: Re: Faustine's paranoia index (or: mindless OT bickering) 
LOL! I suppose I could figure out a way to meet you sometime so you don't know
I'm "Faustine"...chalk another one up for the Index, I guess.  ;)
Apemantus' Prayer:
Immortal gods, I crave no pelf;
I pray for no man but myself:
Grant I may never prove so fond;
To trust man on his oath or bond;
Or a harlot, for her weeping;
Or a dog, that seems a-sleeping:
Or a keeper with my freedom;
Or my friends, if I should need 'em.

@_date: 2002-01-06 02:59:40
@_author: or: mindless OT bickering 
@_subject: Re: Faustine's paranoia index (or: mindless OT bickering) 
It's ironic that a neo-Calvinist Nietzschean would give a damn what people
think of him one way or the other. Must be an alpha baboon thing.
And for the record, my reference to the MMPI was nothing more than a passing
comment until you replied and got me interested me in elaborating on it. Though
I'll admit I never should have bothered responding to the thread in the first
place, anyone who thinks it ought to die a natural death should for god's sake
quit prolonging it.
No, but only because it suited you. The alpha giveth a banana and the alpha
taketh away...
I have been. Though somehow I never felt the need to generate and churn
unnecessary posts to "prove" it. I also don't do "me too" posts; or delight in
shooting fish in a barrel by pointing out incorrigible idiots' idiocy, etc. It's
not as if my tiny handful of posts each week is anything a filter file couldn't
One wonders why you aren't drawing a bead on the high-volume, high-profile
nuisances instead. Er, I mean, so to speak, that is.
Quite a convenient troll you have there. Not bad. If there's one thing that can
get to a person who came from shitty circumstances and bettered themseves
through intelligence, cunning and sheer strength of will alone, it's has to be
something along those lines.
(Did you catch that? Any unimaginative dimwit flunky out there looking to score
ass-kiss beta brownie points by baiting me really should be taking notes.)
But I would like to take this opportunity to say that if it makes any of you
feel better to think I'm paid to surf the net or work as a Special Agent to spy
on you or whatever else you happen to cook up in one of your more colorful
delusional/alcohol-soaked moments, be my guest. You're on the wrong track and
it's win-win all the way: your wasting time is its own reward.
But if I'm really as uninteresting as all that, why anyone would bother is less
than self-evident.
If you didn't know I'm a woman you wouldn't have taken them that way.
"When even one American--who has done nothing wrong--is forced by fear to shut
his mind and close his mouth, then all Americans are in peril."

@_date: 2002-01-05 00:14:31
@_author: or: mindless OT bickering 
@_subject: Re: Faustine's paranoia index (or: mindless OT bickering) 
Posting about guns and survivalism is a chick thing? Sure, whatever you say.
So I felt like writing about a few things from my experience that were "off
topic" this week, who cares. If you find them fatuous and irrelevant, there's
always the filter file. At the very least, you could stop writing substantive
replies to them that generate even more off-topic content. And I do happen to
think off-topic content is better than no content at all. You know, the kind
of post that says nothing apart fron bitching about someone else's. Like this
You should be glad I've managed to avoid polluting the forum by wasting breath
responding to most of the gradeschool taunts/death threats losers seem to get
off on directing my way these days.
(I was about to include a whole paragraph of inflammatory comments regarding
the aforementioned, but thought better of it. What's the point? I'm too busy
and life's too short. To each his own. FOAD. Whatever.)
"When even one American--who has done nothing wrong--is forced by fear to shut
his mind and close his mouth, then all Americans are in peril."

@_date: 2002-01-06 22:47:34
@_author: Hardcover - November 1988 
@_subject: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
Jesus H. Christ on a popsicle stick! Now that's a fine piece of psychobabble if
ever I heard any.  You really ought to spend some quality time with the MMPI and
the DSM-IVR instead of dismissing it as "chick stuff". Not only would your
insults be more to the point, youd also figure out what "normal people" have
to say about YOU.
Pot and kettle be damned, here you go, you beyond-good-and-evil Overman, you:
The Mask of Sanity: An Attempt to Clarify Some Issues About the So-Called
Psychopathic Personality by Hervey Cleckley (Hardcover - November 1988)
Philippe Pinel (1745-1826) used the term insanity without delirium to describe
behaviour that was marked by complete remorselessness, but the modern concept
of "psychopathy" was put forward by Hervey Cleckley (1903-1984) in his classic
work The Mask of Sanity (1941). According to Cleckleys criteria a psychopath
is an intelligent person characterised by poverty of emotions, who has no sense
of shame, is superficially charming, is manipulative, who shows irresponsible
behaviour, and is inadequately motivated. Interspersed in Cleckley's vivid
clinical descriptions are phrases such as "shrewdness and agility of mind,"
"talks entertainingly," and "exceptional charm" (Hare, 1993, p. 27). Cleckley
also provides a striking interpretation of the meaning of the psychopath's
The [psychopath] is unfamiliar with the primary facts or data of what might be
called personal values and is altogether incapable of understanding such
matters. It is impossible for him to take even a slight interest in the tragedy
or joy or the striving of humanity as presented in serious literature or art.
He is also indifferent to all these matters in life itself. Beauty and
ugliness, except in a very superficial sense, goodness, evil, love, horror, and
humour have no actual meaning, no power to move him. He is, furthermore,
lacking in the ability to see that others are moved. It is as though he were
colour-blind, despite his sharp intelligence, to this aspect of human
existence. It cannot be explained to him because there is nothing in his orbit
of awareness that can bridge the gap with comparison. He can repeat the words
and say glibly that he understands, and there is no way for him to realize that
he does not understand (Cleckley, 1941, p. 90 quoted in Hare, 1993, pp. 27-28).
...The American Psychiatric Association's category of antisocial personality
disorder (introduced in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental
Disorders, Third Edition, 1980) was supposed to have covered psychopathy, but
because clinicians were not thought sufficiently competent to assess
personality traits the DSM definitions have concentrated on the antisocial and
criminal behaviours associated with the condition. This has blurred the
distinction between psychopaths and criminals, and of course most of the latter
are not psychopaths. Antisocial Personality Disorder (category 301.7) is
described in DSM-IV simply as "a pervasive pattern of disregard for, and
violation of, the rights of others that begins in childhood or early
adolescence and continues into adulthood This pattern has also been referred
to as psychopathy, sociopathy, or dyssocial personality disorder" (American
Psychiatric Association, 1994, p. 645). This confusion of terminology is
especially damaging for research because whereas DSM-IV describes APD
as "associated with low socio-economic status" (1994, p. 647)psychopathy "seems
less likely to be associated with social disadvantage or adversity" (Rutter,
Giller & Hagell, 1998, p. 110).
Robert Hare has described his attempts to identify true psychopaths as a prison
psychologist in the early 1960s. Most of the personality "measures"
or "instruments" popular at that time, such as the Minnesota Multiphasic
Personality Inventory (MMPI), were questionnaires based on self-reporting. When
administered to psychopaths, who are expert at "impression management" (Hare,
1993, p. 30) these instruments are less than reliable. One of the inmates in
Hares research program even had a complete set of MMPI tests and
interpretation manuals and, for a fee, would advise fellow inmates on the
correct answers to show the steady improvement more likely to lead to parole.
...Hare decided to construct his own Psychopathy Checklist in order to have a
method of separating psychopaths from the rest of the prison population, and
this method is now used throughout the world. The Checklist highlights the key
emotional and interpersonal symptoms of psychopathy: psychopaths are said to be
glib and superficial; egocentric and grandiose; to lack remorse or guilt; to
lack empathy; to be deceitful and manipulative; and to have shallow emotions.
...while the non-psychopaths made the moral/conventional distinction, the
psychopaths did not; secondly, and in contrast with predictions, that
psychopaths treated conventional transgressions like moral transgressions
rather than treating moral transgressions like conventional transgressions; and
thirdly, and in line with predictions, that psychopaths were much less likely
to justify their items with reference to victims welfare (Blair & Morton,
1995, p. 20).
...What is most outstanding about psychopaths is that they appear extremely at
ease with themselves. They can be articulate, are often highly intelligent,
and are regularly described as "charming", and "convincing". Psychopathy is not
associated with low birth weight, obstetric complications, poor parenting,
poverty, early psychological trauma or adverse experiences, and indeed Robert
Hare remarks "I can find no convincing evidence that psychopathy is the direct
result of early social or environmental factors" (Hare, 1993, p. 170).
...psychopaths use psychotherapy sessions to develop their skills in
psychological manipulation, and because they see no need to change their
admirable personalities (Hare, 1993, pp. 192-206).

@_date: 2002-01-08 22:18:46
@_author: Hint: This preceeded Jimbell by many years. 
@_subject: Re: Spooky noises and untracable strong vengeance in the night 
Anyone who thinks this sounds too extreme really should read the newspaper
sometime for the many accounts of people being murdered in cold blood after
giving up property to their assailants without a fight. Last week in the UK
there was a story about a woman being murdered for her cell phone, of all
things. Who in their right mind would rely on scum criminals to play by the
same middle-class standards of behavior as they normally do? So if you don't
know if your robber will take your life for something as absolutely trivial as
your athletic shoes, surely defending yourself by killing them first when
they're trying to steal your PC or TV is warranted.
And if you're comfortable living in a booby-trapped house, more power to you,
but this probably isn't the best option for regular people with families, kids
and visitors.
Mainly it's going to make vengeance easier for people who lack a sufficient
level of commitment to the idea of taking responsibility for going all the way
themselves. I hate to break this to you, but people hire contract killers every
single day.
For example, any lard-assed schizophrenic coward parasitically sponging welfare
in a foreign country can push a few keys and put a four-dollar bounty on my
head online; but it would take someone of a far hardier breed to get organized
and lay out the $5000 bucks for a halfway decent hit man. (data point from
personal experience: I used to know a woman who dated one.)
Crypto-anarchy notwithstanding, I don't think any amount of crypto will ever be
able to keep the vast majority of lard-assed schizophrenic cowards from making
enough mistakes to get caught or iced first. And since the L-ASCs are likely to
make up a disproportionate percentage of the demand for such services, it's
probably not going to be as dire a situation as some people would like you to
Speak of the devil.
Feds, Thugs, Overmen and L-ASCs alike: if you've given up on the idea of the
constitution and rule of law, the only thing in this world that could stop you
is your own personal sense of prudence.
As nightfall does not come at once, neither does oppression.... There
is a twilight when everything remains seemingly unchanged. And it is in
such a twilight that we must be most aware of change in the air
however slight lest we become unwitting victims of the darkness.

@_date: 2002-01-11 00:30:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Prosperity through punishment (was Re: more on procmail is not 
R. A. Hettinga quoted:
Does anyone here actually think of this as good thing? At first glance, one
wouldn't assume so--but after seeing the zeal with which some of you bond over
shitting on people who have views different from what somehow mysteriously
passes for "acceptable", I started wondering if maybe you take this
finding as some sort of positive sign of what people can "achieve" through
voluntary cooperation without the heavy hand of government, etc.
I find it literally nauseating.
And as I was reading it, I couldn't help remembering a passage from Zarathustra
which bears repeating.
Once you turn an ice-cold eye toward yourself, this work becomes a lot more
meaningful than just another way to sneer at the sheeple...
Alas! There cometh the time when man will no longer give birth to any star.
Alas! There cometh the time of the most despicable man, who can no longer
despise himself.
Lo! I show you the last man.
"What is love? What is creation? What is longing? What is a star?"-- so asketh
the last man and blinketh.
The earth hath then become small, and on it there hoppeth the last man who
maketh everything small.
His species is ineradicable like that of the ground-flea; the last man liveth
"We have discovered happiness"-- say the last men, and blink thereby.
They have left the regions where it is hard to live; for they need warmth. One
still loveth one's neighbour and rubbeth against him; for one needeth warmth.
Turning ill and being distrustful, they consider sinful: they walk warily. He
is a fool who still stumbleth over stones or men!
A little poison now and then: that maketh pleasant dreams. And much poison at
last for a pleasant death.
One still worketh, for work is a pastime. But one is careful lest the pastime
should hurt one.
One no longer becometh poor or rich; both are too burdensome. Who still wanteth
to rule? Who still wanteth to obey? Both are too burdensome.
No shepherd, and one herd! Everyone wanteth the same; everyone is equal: he who
hath other sentiments goeth voluntarily into the madhouse.
"Formerly all the world was insane,"-- say the subtlest of them, and blink
They are clever and know all that hath happened: so there is no end to their
raillery. People still fall out, but are soon reconciled--otherwise it spoileth
their stomachs.
They have their little pleasures for the day, and their little pleasures for
the night, but they have a regard for health.
"We have discovered happiness,"--say the last men, and blink thereby. And here
ended the first discourse of Zarathustra, which is also called "The Prologue",
for at this point the shouting and mirth of the multitude interrupted
him. "Give us this last man, O Zarathustra,"-- they called out-- "make us into
these last men! Then will we make thee a present of the Superman!" And all the
people exulted and smacked their lips. Zarathustra, however, turned sad, and
said to his heart:
They understand me not: I am not the mouth for these ears.

@_date: 2002-01-11 23:38:58
@_author: or Israel, or the US 
@_subject: Re: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
Your corrections notwithstanding, do you really find it rational to expect the
fate of a few citizens to change national policy? Why should it.
So? Only the weak-minded would sit around fretting and crying over what happens
to a few people who are likely going to be killed anyway. If I--or anyone I
ever cared about--were hostages, it wouldn't change my mind on this in the
least. The terrorists are the ones responsible for rendering me "expendable",
not whomever they're trying to pressure.  Absolutely despicable, get a spine.
Fuck negotiation, fuck capitulation. Give in once and you're setting yourself
up for more of the same for eternity. Someone says they're going to slaughter
my family unless I do what they want? Go right ahead and see what it gets you.
The sentimental don't have a snowball's chance in hell against the ruthless:
wallowing in the finer points of conscience is a luxury those on the wrong side
of a gun just can't afford. Initiating force and responding to it in kind are
two entirely different issues: just because the Palestinians have a legitimate
cause for complaint doesn't mean they (or Israel, or the US) should get a free
pass. Nobody gets a free pass.
"Critics frequently refer to the icy rationality of the Hudson Institute, the
RAND Corporation and other such organizations. I'm always tempted to ask in
reply, 'Would you prefer a warm, human error? Do you feel better with a nice
emotional mistake?' We cannot expect good discussion of security problems if we
are going to label every attempt at detachment as callous, every attempt at
objectivity as immoral. Technical details are not the only important operative
facts. Human and moral factors...must never be missing from policies and public
discussion. But emotionalism and sentimentality, as opposed to morality and
concern, only confuse the debates. Nor can experts be expected to repeat, 'If,
heavean forbid...', before every sentence."

@_date: 2002-01-14 01:09:24
@_author: and around the world 
@_subject: Re: VIVA Agentina LIBRE! 
Yep. Which reminds me: one of the most fascinating people behind the push for
currency boards/dollarization in Argentina (and around the world) has a
regular column at Forbes, great stuff. Anyone interested in a comprehensive
backgrounder on the whole situation should really start here...
Steven H. Hanke: Forbes Column Archives
Steve Hanke
Professor of Economics
John Hopkins University
DR. STEVE H. HANKE is a professor of Applied Economics at The Johns Hopkins
University in Baltimore. Professor Hanke has been writing a column in Forbes
Magazine since 1993, and also advises governments on currency reform,
privatization and capital market development.
His appointments have included: Senior Economist on President Reagan's Council
of Economic Advisors (1981-82); Advisor to the Minister of Economy, Domingo
Cavallo, Republic of Argentina (1995-96); Advisor to the President of Bulgaria,
Petar Stoyanov (1997-present) and Special Counselor to the Economic and
Monetary Resilience Council, Republic of Indonesia (1998-present). Professor
Hanke is a member of the Steering Committee of the G-7 Council in Washington,
D.C. and a Fellow at the World Economic Forum in Geneva.
Dr. Hanke's books include: The Revolution in Development Economics (1998),
Currency Boards: The Financing of Stabilization (1997), Alternative Monetary
Regimes for Jamaica (1996), Currency Boards for Developing Countries (1994) and
Russian Currency and Finance (1993).

@_date: 2002-01-15 00:28:23
@_author: attended by non-posters 
@_subject: RE: registering Cypherpunks movement ... 
But the idea that people who exchange ideas on the list hold physical meetings
all over the world (attended by non-posters) and choose to come together under
the word "Cypherpunks" really calls to mind the phrase "autonomous
decentralized network". Which, if you can believe the RAND Corporation, is
apparently where it's at...
Networks and Netwars:
The Future of Terror, Crime, and Militancy
John Arquilla, David Ronfeldt (editors)
free online pdf: "The fight for the future is not between the armies of leading states, nor are
its weapons those of traditional armed forces. Rather, the combatants come from
bomb-making terrorist groups like Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda, or drug smuggling
cartels like those in Colombia and Mexico. On the positive side are civil
- -society activists fighting for the environment, democracy and human rights.
What all have in common is that they operate in small, dispersed units that can
deploy anywhere, anytime to penetrate and disrupt. They all feature network
forms of organization, doctrine, strategy, and technology attuned to the
information age. And, from the Intifadah to the drug war, they are proving very
hard to beat."
Note their interesting (and vital) distinction between criminal networks and
those "on the positive side". God knows I don't speak for anyone here but
myself, but in the best of all (im?)possible worlds, those interested in
protecting privacy and freedom through cryptography belong right at the heart
of that side of the continuum.
Whether or not any of us individually can be successful at being perceived that
way remains to be seen. There's a lot more that ought to be said on this, any
thoughts? Something to keep in mind, at any rate.
Our contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there
shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for civil and religious liberty.

@_date: 2002-01-16 21:58:44
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Agitprop. 
YEAH!!! THAT'S THE SPIRIT!!!!!
But I have to admit I was rather hoping you'd come back anonymously to mix it up
and give everyone a little hell in the grand manner. Oh well.
You know, people around here just aren't the same without a sufficient number
of convenient targets to flatter their egotistical delusions about being
followed around by crack teams of Special Agents who find them so fascinating
they can't resist posting replies in their pet forums. (Admitting you have a
research interest in people who think they're subjects of surveillance just
wasn't important enough, I guess.)
You haven't missed much though. Did you know that a lard-assed welfare parasite
arsonist lunatic put a four-dollar bounty on your head a month or so ago? I was
quite offended mine wasn't any higher--but hey, coming from a nematode
leech who's never going to act on any of his bullshit bluster anyway, I guess
that's as good as it gets. He's not worth replying to--but it is fun in a train
- -wreck sort of way to sit back and watch him dig himself in deeper:
"I have always been among those who believe that the greatest freedom of speech
was the greatest safety, because if a man is a fool, the best thing to do is to
encourage him to advertise the fact by speaking."

@_date: 2002-01-18 20:59:56
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: One arms violent people with weapons 
Deep, and getting deeper all the time. A fascinating theorist from Brookings
refers to this as "the shadow of government", and people like our many friends
here who take money for government contract work "the shadow federal workforce":
The Shadow of Government
The shadow government casts through its vast inventory of private, nonprofit
and state and local partners is a blend of intent and accident. On the onehand,
it reflects decades of perfectly appropriate contracting for impeccably
commercial activities and non-inherently governmental functions. On the other
hand, the shadow also reflects decades of personnel ceilings, hiring limits and
unrelenting pressure to do more with less. Under pressure to create a
government that looks smaller and delivers at least as much of everything the
public wants, federal departments and agencies did what came naturally: They
pushed jobs outward and downward into a vast shadow that is mostly outside the
public's consciousness.
That creates a truth-in-advertising problem. It is impossible to have an honest
debate about the role of government in society if the measurements only
include part of the government. The government also is increasingly reliant on
non-federal workers to produce goods and services that used to be delivered in
- -house. Not only does the shadow workforce create an illusion of smallness that
may mislead the public about the true size of government, it may create an
illusion of merit as jobs inside government are held to strict merit standards,
while jobs under contracts, grants and mandates are not. It may also create
illusions of capacity and accountability as agencies pretend they know enough
to oversee their shadow workforce when, in fact, they no longer have the
ability to distinguish good product or service from bad.
The government knows virtually nothing about its shadow. Neither the Office of
Personnel Management nor the Office of Management and Budget has ever counted
the full-time-equivalent non-federal workforce, let alone analyzed its
Wheres the incentive for anyone here or elsewhere to step forward and admit
youre working for the CIA, NSA or wherever? How much business can you take
before you wake up and realize you're working for a front company?
"Hey, back off man, my paycheck coming is from the private sector. Nevermind
whos footing the bill or where my research product goes.  Its not a front
company, the DoD is a uh um just someone we do business with. They didnt even
tell me who the real client is. So dont blame me."
You can cut as many smelly little deals with the Devil as you please, but at
the end of the day when you look in the mirror you really ought to see yourself
for what you are. Feds are bumbling fools but somehow you, the genius
beyond-cool cypherpunk contractor, are any different? Blinding you with your
passionate commitment to the free market, not bad.
What a brilliant con.
He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from
oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will
reach to himself.
- -Thomas Paine

@_date: 2002-01-17 23:57:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Responsibility. 
True...some of the most dangerous people I've ever known thoroughly eschewed
these kinds of silly walter mitty posturings and chimply chest-thumping
dominance displays. They just did what they did: no threats, no hysterics, no
excuses, no apologies. I found this kind of cold-eyed calculus infinitely more
terrifying than mere intimidation ever could be.
There's always something vaguely humorous about getting flustered about
anything that goes on in a mailing list anyway. Part of what makes the theater
of the experience so entertaining, I guess: the comedy in watching yourself and
others get close to losing it over nothing. Snarl, hiss, grrr!!! Too funny.
All theory aside, there really is a point at which there's something to be said
for the idea of a threat being taken as, well, a threat. However ludicrous and
implausible it may be--however laughable, cowardly and complacent the person who
made it--there's no way to dismiss the germ of intent at the heart of it. Even
if the only thing driving the threat was a desire to induce fear, there's no
rational alternative to assuming they'll act on it if they could.
Trying to worm out of the things one says by rolling over and whimpering "I'm
harmless, I was just joking around" is beneath contempt. Be a man: either
you're a threat or you aren't. This is what's so infuriating about the Bell
case: they had no right to convict him "of being a scary person"--which is
about all it boiled down to in the end--but what WAS he thinking?  The poor
crazy putz didn't have a chance.
I have a feeling government agents welcome empty threats from lunatics as a
convenient way to make slaughtering them morally palatable. "The reciprocal
fear of surprise attack" and all that. Reminds me of a great line from "the
Wild Bunch"...
Thornton: Tell me, Mr. Harrigan. How does it feel gettin' paid for it? Gettin'
paid to sit back and hire your killin's with the law's arms around you? How
does it feel to be so goddamned right?
Harrigan: Good.

@_date: 2002-01-21 00:00:03
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Disease Vectors 
Oh? I'm not so sure, actually. Ever hear of Schopenhauer's incongruity theory? He says that humor arises when the seemly and logical abruptly dissolves into
the low and absurd--the amused response is a recognition of incongruity between
representation and a concept; we encounter a situation where a particular
representation is "thought through" a concept which is in every other respect
incongruous with it. Thus, the sudden apprehension of the unexpected
incongruity produces an amused response.
Another interesting observation from Schopenhauer that Nietzsche took and ran
with: "humor as the only divine quality of man". Read what he had to say about
the Spirit of Gravity...here's another bit from Zarathustra:
"I bade them laugh at their great masters of virtue and saints and poets and
world-redeemers. I bade them laugh at their gloomy sages and at whoever had at
any time sat on the tree of life like a black scarecrow. For in laughter all
that is evil comes together, but is pronounced holy and absolved by its own
Something to think about. ;)
To be self-sufficient, to be all and all to oneself, to want for nothing is
assuredly the chief qualification for happiness.
- - Arthur Schopenhauer

@_date: 2002-01-20 21:43:21
@_author: BS '49 
@_subject: Re: nuking the net, and recommended reading 
Not a myth. Here's some history, background, and free .pdfs, in case anyone is
An electrical engineer by training, Paul Baran worked for Hughes Aircraft
Company's systems group before joining RAND in 1959. While working at RAND on a
scheme for U.S. telecommunications infrastructure to survive a "first strike,"
Baran conceived of the Internet and digital packet switching, the Internet's
underlying data communications technology. His concepts are still employed
today; just the terms are different. His seminal work first appeared in a
series of RAND studies published between 1960 and 1962 and then finally in the
tome "On Distributed Communications," published in 1964.
Since the early 1970s as an entrepreneur and private investor, Baran has
founded or co-founded several high-tech telecommunications firms. He is
currently chairman and co-founder of Com21, Inc., a Silicon Valley-based
manufacturer of cable TV modems for high-speed, high-bandwidth Internet access.
He is also a co-founder of the Institute for the Future. Baran holds several
patents and has received numerous professional honors including an honorary
doctorate from his alma mater Drexel University (BS '49). He has a master's
degree in engineering from UCLA.
All papers available as free .pdfs at I. Introduction to Distributed Communications Networks, Paul Baran, RM-3420-PR.
Introduces the system concept and outlines the requirements for and design
considerations of the distributed digital data communications network.
Considers especially the use of redundancy as a means of withstanding heavy
enemy attacks. A general understanding of the proposal may be obtained by
reading this volume and Vol. XI.
II. Digital Simulation of Hot-Potato Routing in a Broadband Distributed
Communications Network, Sharla P. Boehm and Paul Baran, RM-3103-PR.
Describes a computer simulation of the message routing scheme proposed. The
basic routing doctrine permitted a network to suffer a large number of breaks,
then reconstitute itself by rapidly relearning to make best use of the
surviving links.
III. Determination of Path-Lengths in a Distributed Network, J. W. Smith, RM
Continues model simulation reported in Vol. II. The program was rewritten in a
more powerful computer language allowing examination of larger networks.
Modification of the routing doctrine by intermittently reducing the input data
rate of local traffic reduced to a low level the number of message blocks
taking excessively long paths. The level was so low that a deterministic
equation was required in lieu of Monte Carlo to examine the now rare event of a
long message block path. The results of both the simulation and the equation
agreed in the area of overlapping validity.
IV. Priority, Precedence, and Overload, Paul Baran, RM-3638-PR.
The creation of dynamic or flexible priority and precedence structures within a
communication system handling a mixture of traffic with different data rate,
urgency, and importance levels is discussed. The goal chosen is optimum
utilization of the communications resource within a seriously degraded and
overloaded network.
V. History, Alternative Approaches, and Comparisons, Paul Baran, RM-3097-PR.
A background paper acknowledging the efforts of people in many fields working
toward the development of large communications systems where system reliability
and survivability are mandatory. A consideration of terminology is designed to
acquaint the reader with the diverse, sometimes conflicting, definitions used.
The evolution of the distributed network is traced, and a number of earlier
hardware proposals are outlined.
VI. Mini-Cost Microwave, Paul Baran, RM-3762-PR.
The technical feasibility of constructing an extremely low-cost, all-digital, X
 or Ku -band microwave relay system, operating at a multi-megabit per second
data rate, is examined. The use of newly developed varactor multipliers permits
the design of a miniature, all-solid-state microwave repeater powered by a
thermoelectric converter burning L-P fuel.
VII. Tentative Engineering Specifications and Preliminary Design for a High
Data-Rate Distributed Network Switching Node, Paul Baran, RM-3763-PR.
High-speed, or "hot-potato," store-and-forward message block relaying forms the heart of the proposed information transmission system. The Switching
 Nodes are the units in which the camplex processing takes place. The node is
described in sufficient engineering detail to estimate the components required.
Timing calculations, together with a projected implementation scheme, provide a
strong toundation for the belief that the construction and use of the node is
VIII. The Multiplexing Station, Paul Baran, RM-3764-PR.
A description of the Multiplexing Stations which connect subscribers to the
Switching Nodes. The presentation is in engineering detail, demonstrating how
the network will simultaneously process traffic from up to 1024 separate users
sending a mixture of start-stop teletypewriter, digital voice, and other
synchronous signals at various rates.
IX. Security, Secrecy, and Tamper-Free Considerations, Paul Baran, RM-3765-PR.
Considers the security aspects of a system of the type proposed, in which
 secrecy is of paramount importance. Describes the safeguards to be built intothe network, and evaluates the premise that the existence of "spies" within the supposedly secure system must be anticipated. Security provisions are based
 on the belief that protection is best obtained by raising the "price" of
espied information to a level which becomes excessive. The treatment of the
subject is itself unclassified.
X. Cost Estimate, Paul Baran, RM-3766-PR.
A detailed cost estimate for the entire proposed system, based on an arbitrary
network configuration of 400 Switching Nodes, servicing 100,000 simultaneous
users via 200 Multiplexing Stations. Assuming a usable life of ten years, all
costs, including operating costs, are estimated at about $60,000,000 per year.
XI. Summary Overview, Paul Baran, RM-3767-PR.
Summarizes the system proposal, highlighting the more important features.
Considers the particular advantages of the distributed network, and conuents on
disadvantages. An outline is given of the manner in which future research aimed
at an actual implementation of the network might be conducted. Together with
the introductory volume, it provides a general description of the entire system

@_date: 2002-01-20 21:14:24
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Herman Kahn on the futility of pansy-left anarchism (was: 
Though the below passage is far more relevant to our pansy-left-anarchist
contingent than anyone else, I still think this bit from the 1972
masterwork "Things to Come" rings true.
You can always trust Herman Kahn to cut through the bullshit and tell
"Effective revolutionaries need intelligence, organization and discipline to
conduct effective propaganda, plan sucessful insurrections, and sieze and hold
power. What Trotsky unkindly called "the vegetarian left" and Orwell even more
unkindly called "the pansy left" noticibly lack these virtues. Even if a
humanist left leaning government were to come to power, perhaps in the guise
of a moderate liberal administration, its program could not be carried out
without inciting the mass of the nation against it, including the military, the
police and the national guard, and twenty million gun owners.
Some of the extreme elements recognise this. Their avowed strategy is to
promote disorder to incite backlash leading to facism. This is to expose
American repression to all thus uniting the masses for the revolution. By
waving their red flags, they hope to provoke the Establishment bull to charge
to its death. But they are matadors without swords. A fascist America would
wipe them out, together with their sympathisers and apologists, and since this
would necessarily have been provoked by terrorism and other assaults on the
public order and decency, the masses would cheer."
Anyone care to tell me why that doesnt apply now, more than ever?
"It may be that we shall by a process of sublime irony have reached a stage in
this story where safety will be the sturdy child of terror, and survival the
twin brother of annihilation."
