
@_date: 2004-06-30 23:09:25
@_author: khymorsa guei 
@_subject: assistance rtt 
Dear Sir/Madam,
      SOLICITATION FOR BUSINESS VENTURE AND PARTNERSHIP
 I am the first son, of the late president of the Federal Republic Of Ivory Coast,  (General) Robert Guei, who was murdered along with the interior minister on the 19th of September 2002 (please visit  for complete report on this incident.). May is gentle soul rest in peace. A curfew was imposed in my country and the current president; Mr. Laurent Gbagbo has ordered my immediate arrest and detention. A lot of my father's close friends and relatives who are believed to have a connection in the coup are currently behind prison bars and under unbearable torture. Fortunately I was smuggled out of the country by men still loyal to my late father. Right now, I am safely away from all the trouble; another country has offered me refuge. However all is not well, as President Laurent Gbagbo (the current president) has virtually frozen my father's entire entire known asset. Face with this situation it is not wise for me to personally invest our foreign fund neither is it advisable to continue to leave it under my family's name. Hence I make this proposal to you, to graciously assist me, take custody of Twenty-seven Million United States Dollars (US$27,000,000.00). Also you are to front for me and my family in the areas of business you deem profitable.
This sum of US$27M has been secretly deposited into a reputable security company, where it can easily be withdrawn or paid to a recommended beneficiary. The fund will be released to you by the security company based on my recommendations, on that note, you will be presented as my family business partner who will be fronting for me and my family in any subsequent ventures. To show my preparedness and appreciation to conduct this business with you, I shall give you and your family US$5.4M of the funds and 20% commission on all proceeds realize from the investment of this fund. Also US$1.35M is to be set aside for any eventual cost that may occur in the process of this Please, I need your full support and co-operation for the success of this venture. I plead with you to treat as urgent and confidential. This is a delicate issue, which demands a great degree of secrecy. Have my current political status in mind.
I sincerely will appreciate your express acknowledgement of the receipt of this mail.
Yours truly,
MR. MORSA GUEI
PLEASE REPLY TO THIS EMAIL ONLY; morsa_77 or call me at 0031616-042-559
