
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:51:23
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Hash: SHA256
Because the vast majority of users prefer convenience over security? I
can't really answer that.
Having said that, I stopped using Skype a while back -- it cannot be
trusted, as far as I am concerned.
- - ferg

@_date: 2015-02-16 21:17:18
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware Program, NSA Implicated 
Hash: SHA256
Also, FYI.
- - ferg
hide spying software deep within hard drives made by Western Digital,
Seagate, Toshiba and other top manufacturers, giving the agency the
means to eavesdrop on the majority of the world's computers, according
to cyber researchers and former operatives.
of spying programs discovered by Kaspersky Lab, the Moscow-based
security software maker that has exposed a series of Western
cyberespionage operations.
with one or more of the spying programs, with the most infections seen
in Iran, followed by Russia, Pakistan, Afghanistan, China, Mali,
Syria, Yemen and Algeria. The targets included government and military
institutions, telecommunication companies, banks, energy companies,
nuclear researchers, media, and Islamic activists, Kaspersky said.
campaign, but said it was closely linked to Stuxnet, the NSA-led
cyberweapon that was used to attack Iran's uranium enrichment
facility. The NSA is the agency responsible for gathering electronic
intelligence on behalf of the United States.
correct, and that people still in the intelligence agency valued these
spying programs as highly as Stuxnet. Another former intelligence
operative confirmed that the NSA had developed the prized technique of
concealing spyware in hard drives, but said he did not know which spy
efforts relied on it.
which should help infected institutions detect the spying programs,
some of which trace back as far as 2001. (bit.ly/17bPUUe)
already damaged by massive leaks by former contractor Edward Snowden.
Snowden's revelations have hurt the United States' relations with some
allies and slowed the sales of U.S. technology products abroad.
backlash against Western technology, particularly in countries such as
China, which is already drafting regulations that would require most
bank technology suppliers to proffer copies of their software code for
by figuring out how to lodge malicious software in the obscure code
called firmware that launches every time a computer is turned on.
the second-most valuable real estate on a PC for a hacker, second only
to the BIOS code invoked automatically as a computer boots up.
lead Kaspersky researcher Costin Raiu said in an interview.
taken control of thousands of PCs, giving them the ability to steal
files or eavesdrop on anything they wanted, the spies were selective
and only established full remote control over machines belonging to
the most desirable foreign targets, according to Raiu. He said
Kaspersky found only a few especially high-value computers with the
hard-drive infections.
could work in disk drives sold by more than a dozen companies,
comprising essentially the entire market. They include Western Digital
Corp, Seagate Technology Plc, Toshiba Corp, IBM, Micron Technology Inc
and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.
these spying programs. Toshiba and Samsung declined to comment. IBM
did not respond to requests for comment.
the proprietary source code that directs the actions of the hard
drives. That code can serve as a roadmap to vulnerabilities, allowing
those who study it to launch attacks much more easily.
operating system using public information," Raiu said.
high-profile cyberattacks on Google Inc and other U.S. companies in
2009 that were blamed on China. Investigators have said they found
evidence that the hackers gained access to source code from several
big U.S. tech and defense companies.
source code. Western Digital spokesman Steve Shattuck said the company
"has not provided its source code to government agencies." The other
hard drive makers would not say if they had shared their source code
with the NSA.
tampering or reverse engineering of its firmware and other
technologies." Micron spokesman Daniel Francisco said the company took
the security of its products seriously and "we are not aware of any
instances of foreign code."
ways of obtaining source code from tech companies, including asking
directly and posing as a software developer. If a company wants to
sell products to the Pentagon or another sensitive U.S. agency, the
government can request a security audit to make sure the source code
is safe.
evaluation, we need the source code,'" said Vincent Liu, a partner at
security consulting firm Bishop Fox and former NSA analyst. "It's
usually the NSA doing the evaluation, and it's a pretty small leap to
say they're going to keep that source code."
group," named after their embrace of complex encryption formulas.
such as by compromising jihadist websites, infecting USB sticks and
CDs, and developing a self-spreading computer worm called Fanny,
Kasperky said.
undisclosed software flaws, known as "zero days," which strongly
suggested collaboration by the authors, Raiu said. He added that it
was "quite possible" that the Equation group used Fanny to scout out
targets for Stuxnet in Iran and spread the virus.
