
@_date: 2002-05-24 18:02:58
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Make $100,000 a Month on eBay! 
Do you sell on Ebay? If so, you could be making up to $100,000 per month? This is no hype and no scam. Recieving over 1.5 billion page views per month, Ebay is the ULTIMATE venue for selling virtually anything and making huge profits with almost no effort. But you have to know what to sell and how to sell. That's where I come in.
As a leading expert in internet marketing and the owner of several profitable auction-based businesses, the manual that I have written provides easy to understand and detailed instructions for maximizing your profits with selling strategies that are PROVEN WINNERS.
If you've read any other books on Ebay, you know that all of them are designed for the computer idiot and the auction novice. They tell you how to register, how to list an item, how to avoid fraud, etc. This is not the information you need to make millions on Ebay. You need to learn effective SELLING STRATEGIES not read a photocopy of Ebay help files! My manual assumes that you already know your way around Ebay; you don't need any specialized computer knowledge, but you should be familiar with buying and selling on ebay auctions. I'm not going to waste your time teaching you how to register - I'm going to pass on the SECRET SELLING TECHNIQUES that I use each and every day to bring in hundreds of thousands of dollars selling my products on internet auctions. The manual comes as a complete course with the following lessons:
Make a Fortune on eBay™ Make a Fortune on eBay™ is filled with page after page of vital eBay™ marketing information. This valuable eBook is terrific for the eBay™ user
to get the right eBay™ information and have an instant edge over other
more experienced eBay™ Sellers
Advanced Selling on eBay™  Advanced Selling on eBay™ has more vital information to make their auction a success. This eBook has many topics to ensure that they get the maximum potential from their auctions. Advanced Selling on eBay™ goes into more detailed information than it's sister eBook Make a Fortune on eBay™.
16 eBay™ Forms "16 eBay™ Forms" is a must. These forms will help them track, analyze and record their auctions. It contains 16 forms with full instructions. This E-Book also contains the forms in printer friendly version, so they can print them for immediate use. Wholesale Sources
Wholesale Sources is the final eBook in the eBay™ Marketing eCourse. It contains wholesale distributors from the United States, Mexico, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Asia and the Philippines.  Armed with this eBook your customers will have over 10,000,000 wholesale products at their finger tips..
This manual is designed for individuals looking to form an online business for extra income or as a full-time job making hundreds of thousands of dollars on Ebay. Contained in the manual are WINNING STRATEGIES for selling on Ebay auctions. The manual is not designed for Ebay novices and does not teach the "basics" such as registering, putting an item online, buying an item, etc. This manual is designed to make Ebay users into successful and wealthy entrepreneurs!
Not only will you be able to make THOUSANDS with the information in these eBooks, you will also receive FULL Resellers rights. This is not an affiliate program where you get 20 or 30%... you keep all the money generated from your eCourse sales.
You can sell this eCourse as many times as you want for whatever price you choose. There is NO LIMIT on how much you can make from this incredible product!
To order the eCourse click on the link below
If above link doesn't work click here: Thank you for your time and I hope to hear from you soon!
James Milton
President of Phoenix Marketing
*** Thank you for being a part of another great offer from Phoenix Marketing. If you feel you don't belong on our opt-in list or would like to remove yourself please send an email to: affiliate1 and make sure to have "REMOVE" in the subject line. Thank you.
