
@_date: 2002-02-22 19:37:18
@_author: fidelis aloye 
@_subject: BUSINESS PROPOSAL 
FROM: MR.FIDELIS ALOYE.  TEL/FAX: 234 1 759 0379.
 E-MAIL:fidelisab                     BUSINESS PROPOSAL
ATTN: PRESIDENT/CEO,  My name is FIDELIS ALOYE, a member of the
 Presidential
 Task Force on Oil Spillage Clean-up. Early last year
 there was a major oil spillage in the Niger Delta
 Region of Nigeria which rendered over 70% of the
 communities homeless.The contract was handled by a
 foreign firm but because of the huge monetary profit
 we envisaged we decided to over-invoice the contract
 sum.  Now the contract has been completed and the original
 contractor has since been paid,but the contract
 balance of US$38 million,which resulted from the
 over
 invoiced contract sum that has been left in a
 suspense
 account with the CENTRAL BANK of NIGERIA,is what me
 and my partners are planning to take out of the
 country for ourselves.The problem is as government
 officials,we are not suppose to own fat bank
 accounts,talk less of having foreign ones.
 To this end, we are soliciting your assistance as a
 foreign partner who can assist us and receive this
 amount into your account. We are ready to share this
 money with you on the basis of participation. We
 also
 have plans to invest part of this money in any
 viable
 business in your country under your care,as we are
 nearing our retirement age.  In any case, I received a reference of
 you/organization from the Nigeria Chambers of
 Commerce
 and Industry ‘Foreign Trade Division’ as a reputable
 organ that can assist us on this transaction. Please
 if you accept my proposal do not hesitate to send me
 a
 fax on 234 1 759 0379 or send me an e-mail on:
fidelisab  , so that I can provide you with
 the basic procedures for the release of the fund.  It does not matter whether you or your company does
 contract project of the nature described here, the
 assumption is that you won a major contract and
 subcontracted it to another company, more often than
 not, big trading companies or individuals of
 unrelated
 field win major contracts here in Nigeria and
 subcontracts same to more specialized firms for
 execution.  BENEFIT: For providing the account where we shall
 remit this money, you will be entitled to 25% of the
 entire funds, 70% will be for me and my
 partners,while
 % has been set aside to cover any expenses that may
 be incurred by both parties during this transaction,
 both local and international.  Please I enjoin you to handle this transaction with
 utmost degree of maturity and confidentiality
 because
 I am still in active government service with the
 “NIGERIAN NATIONAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION”. If I
 receive your response on time, this whole
 transaction
 could be accomplished within the shortest possible
 time based on your interest and determination,since
 the money is already in transit.  Please, try to call me up to confirm the receipt of
 your fax or e-mail.The lines may be busy,but keep
 trying till you get through.  Yours faithfully,    FIDELIS ALOYE (MNIM). Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Sports - Coverage of the 2002 Olympic Games
