
@_date: 2002-06-13 19:07:09
@_author: U joint 
@_subject: low cost extended warranty for your old/new car             TNIKCBMSEM 
Freedom Plan Extended Warranty
                your financial well-being.
                Purchase an Extended Auto Warranty for your Car today.
        Car troubles always seem to happen at the worst possible
        time. Protect yourself and your family with a quality
        Extended Warranty for your car, truck, or SUV, so that a
        large expense cannot hit you all at once. We cover most
        vehicles with less than 150,000 miles.
        Do not buy from a dealer.  Their prices are often
        40-60% MORE!
        We offer fair prices and prompt, toll-free claims
        service.  Get an Extended Warranty on your car
        today.
Warranty plan also includes:
1)      24-Hour
                    Roadside Assistance.
2)      Rental
                    Benefit.
3)      Trip
                    Interruption Intervention.
4)      Extended
                    Towing Benefit.
CLICK HERE for=
 a FREE no obligation quote.
        ---------------------------
WARRANTY PLAN COVERAGE:
        1. Engine: Crankshaft and bearings, oil pump,
        internal timing gears, timing chain, camshaft, camshaft
        bearings, valve lifters, rocker arm assemblies and push
        rods, pistons and rings, wrist pins, cylinders,
        connecting rods, distributor drive gear, all internal
        components of engine block and cylinder heads, if damage
        is caused by mechanical failure of an internally
        lubricated part. Gaskets and external seals will be
        covered if their replacement is necessary to complete an
        otherwise authorized repair. Broken crankshaft is covered
        if break is caused by either bearings or piston failure.
        Valve guides are covered only when guide sleeves have not
        slipped below original Position.
2. Transmission/Transaxle: The internal components
        of the automatic transmission or manual transmission,
        drive chain, drive chain gears, carrier bearings,
        internal transaxle seal. The manual transmission case and
        automatic transmission case and torque converter are
        covered, if damaged by the failure of internally
        lubricated parts.
        3. Differential Assembly Components (2 & 4 wheel
        drive):Front and rear differential housing including
        pinion bearings, side carrier bearings, ring and pinion
        box and pump housings if damaged by the failure of
        internally lubricated parts.
4. Timing Belt: If contract holder has followed
        manufacturer's recommended maintenance intervals for
        replacement.
5. CV Joints: CV boots must not be torn at the
        time of failure. Lubricated joint failure only. Universal
        Joint (U joint) is not included.
6. Steering: Internally lubricated parts contained
        within the steering box and pump housing, including rack
        and pinion, control calves, internal oil seals, bearings
        and shafts, steering box and pump housings if damaged by
        the failure of internally lubricated parts.
7. Electrical: Alternator, starter motor, front
        wiper motor, cooling fan motor, heater blower motor,
        electric horn, clock, switches for the following: neutral
        safety, overdrive, reverse indicator, power windows,
        power door locks.
8. Seals and Gaskets: Head gasket and intake
        manifold gaskets arc covered for coolant leaks only on
        vehicles up to 100,000 miles.
9. Air Conditioning: Compressor, however if the
        damaged or malfunctioning compressor causes damage to the
        expansion valve, or receiver dryer, the damaged
        component(s) will he replaced. Coverage applies to
        factory installed, non-retrofitted units only.
10. Cooling System: Water pump, thermostat,
        mixture control valve, overflow reservoir.
11. Fuel System: Fuel pump, pressure regulator,
        metering valve, fuel injectors, vacuum pump, metal fuel
        delivery lines, fuel tank, fuel injector.
12. Turbo Charger/Supercharger: All internally
        lubricated parts due to mechanical failure.
13. Brake System: Master cylinder, wheel
        cylinders, disc brake calipers, ABS master cylinder,
        vacuum booster, hydraulic lines and fittings, pressure
        modulator valve, isolation dump valve, accumulator, wheel
        speed sensors.
        OPTIONAL COVERAGE:Conversion Van Coverage: If you
        have selected to purchase this Optional Coverage and the
        box marked Conversion Van Coverage is checked on the
        application the following benefits are provided to you:
        (All parts listed must be installed by a Licensed Van
        Conversion Company): Electronic - Compact Disc Player,
        Cassette Player, Speakers, Video Cassette
        Player/Recorder, Auxiliary Light Switches, and Captain
        Chair Motor and Switch. Rear Air Conditioner - Expansion
        Valve, Evaporator, Capacitors, Relays, Blower Motor and
        Switch, and Seals and Gaskets.
CLICK HERE for=
 a FREE no obligation quote.
