
@_date: 2001-10-11 08:17:13
@_author: Fearghas McKay 
@_subject: Re: RIAA Secret Meeting 
I would prefer to focus on their comment:
It's a fair cop, guv - we cocked up here, and we throw ourselves on the mercy of the court.
  At best, we can say, the comment were all made long ago and were brought together, out of context, by our correspondent. Ever been had? We now think we were.
Are apologies in order? Yes they are.
So apologies to all concerned. And that includes our readers. ®
Which to my European ears sounds like an apology based on them having been lazy and careless - hardly half hearted.

@_date: 2002-05-10 20:31:51
@_author: Fearghas McKay 
@_subject: Edinburgh Financial Cryptography Engineering 2002 - CFP 
The Third Edinburgh Financial Cryptography Engineering Conference
                       28-29 June, 2002
                      The Signet Library
                      Parliament  Square
                      Edinburgh, Scotland
     C  A  L  L     F  O  R      P  R  E  S  E  N  T  A  T  I  O  N  S
Edinburgh is again host to the international *engineering* conference
on Financial Cryptography.  Individuals and companies active in the
field are invited to present and especially to demonstrate Running
Code that pushes forward the "state of the art".
STATEMENT OF INTENT
In spite of the excesses and tragedies of the Great Dot Com era,
we have come to the realization that the Internet, Commerce, and
Technology are inextricably related.  We are therefore gathered together to study, as a community, the application of Cryptograpy
and Information Security to the world of Finance.  For it is Finance
that drives Commerce, and Commerce, in the modern era, is based on the
This is a technical, practical meet.  Presentations of demonstrable
technology in the field of Financial Cryptography are invited.  As this
is a practical conference, we are hoping to accept every demonstrator.
THE RULES OF ENGAGEMENT
This conference is about implementations.  Presentations are required
to demonstrate working code within the first five minutes.  Note that
we are delighted to accept proposals from work-in-progress projects.
If your demo crashes while honorably attempting to execute, the crowd
will still love you.
THE VENUE
Our Venue is the Upper Library, within the Signet Library, which is a
listed building housing the Society of Writers to Her Majesty's Signet.
This exclusive conference venue is located in the centre of Edinburgh,
within the Royal Mile.
Included in the conference admission will be breakfast, lunch and
tea & coffee breaks.  Also included will be the conference dinner
in a local Edinburgh establishment.
The conference administration will block-book a convenient hotel
in the centre of town.  Details to be advised.
NEXT STEPS FOR PRESENTERS
1. Save the dates 28/29 June 2002, Friday and Saturday on your calendar.
   It is good to plan on a few extra days, and especially, leaving on
   the day after, Sunday, will help to get the best fares.
2. Prepare your presentation.  Check the evolving programme at
      Propose your presentation by mailing the Programme Chair,
   Rodney Thayer, at programme
3. Book passage to Edinburgh. Don't forget to stay a few days on either
   side to see the sights.  Check the site for Locatives and Logistics.
4. Work on your presentation.  Remember, the main rule is that you
   demo working code.
5. Get your budget approved / allocated / applied for.  Whilst a
   commercial conference, accepted presenters will pay a deeply
   discounted fee, to be announced in a forthcoming release.  For
   planning purposes, 200 GBP (approximately 300 dollars or 320
   euros) should cover presenter's admission; the hotel should be
   about 100 GBP ($150 or E160) per night.
   Also include travel and incidentals in your budget.
6. The call for delegates -- attendees who do not present -- will
   by published at a later date.  If there is someone in your
   organisation who needs to survey the state of the financially
   cryptographic art, they can attend as a delegate.  For planning
   purposes, 500 GBP ($750 or E800) should cover the delegate's
   admission.
7. If you think the conference can benefit your organisation,
   consider sponsoring.  Contact the Sponsorship Chair
   Fearghas McKay, sponsor for more details.
8. Keep an eye on the conference web site (
   for evolving details.
EFCE2002 COMMITTEE
Fearghas McKay      General and Sponsorship Chair    Rodney Thayer       Programme Chair                  Rachel Willmer	    Finance Chair		     EFCE is supported by these companies active in Financial Cryptography:
   * Intertrader Ltd, an Edinburgh-based e-payments middleware and
     applications company.
        * Declarator.net, a supplier of Distributed Trust Appliances.

@_date: 2004-05-18 13:41:31
@_author: Fearghas McKay 
@_subject: Re: Reusable hashcash for spam prevention 
and the data that Eric S. Johansson got:
-=-=- forwarded text -=-=-
this is frustrating.  I have run through the exact same calculations and
come up with a very different answer.  The answers I came up with the
show that at worst case, spammers with zombies would almost have enough
horsepower to generate enough stamps.  one of the difficult aspects of
this is that I have not been able to get hard numbers on the number of
zombies (it varies by an order of magnitude at least depending on the
as I said at my MIT anti-spam conference talk, I do agree that proof of
work stamps are not a panacea but they are an important component in the
"drug cocktail" used to attack spam.  that's why I tried very hard to
build camram to be able to incorporate other anti-stamp techniques or
work in conjunction with them.
Another impression of a shortcoming is that they mix and match economic
models.  I need to go through in greater detail to find out if they have
found something I missed.  I do know that the cost of a PC and its
operation are insignificant to the rate limiting effect of stamp
generation.  they also did not seem to account for different degrees of
cost of doing business.  Proof of work stamps will take out the low-end
spammers first allowing us to concentrate efforts on higher end, better
financed spammers.  Fewer targets, easier to hit.
They did not account for automatic inflation of postage rates when
stamped Spam appears or the addition of a second tier of stamps (i.e.
signatures for familiar entities/mailing lists.
the problem with impact on low-end machines is important if you always
generate stamps.  However, for extreme low-end machines (PalmPilot and
cellphones) you can always defer the computational load to a for fee
service such as the ISP handling your e-mail for the device.  With the
rest of the low-end machines, stamped generation just takes longer, and
background and once you have white listed the entity, you never need to
send them a stamp again.
on eco damage caused by stamp generation, again, the transition between
stamps and white lists based on stamp activity illuminate that problem.
  It's only commercial entities who want to send you advertising
unsolicited that would incur such damage.  On the other hand, kill a
couple of SUVs and you can generate many more stamps without worry.  ;-)
on zombies: I think it might be useful if the anti-spam folks spent some
time developing zombie hunters and worked with various service providers
to identify and shut off those machines.  Additionally, ISPs should send
Microsoft an invoice for every machine found and repaired.  Get enough
people together, you could have a substantial lawsuit.  After all, the
real culprit in the zombie problem is not the owner of the PC.  Yes they
were stupid, yes they ran something they shouldn't have, but the system
should not have failed quite so easily!
so am I discouraged?  A little bit.  I'm going to continue but it's one
more naysayer I'm going to have to build arguments against.
-=-=- end forwarded text -=-=-

@_date: 2004-05-18 13:41:16
@_author: Fearghas McKay 
@_subject: Re: Reusable hashcash for spam prevention 
This was posted on the ASRG list - the IRTF Anti Spam Research Group list,
which at first reading indicates that the future for Hashcash/Camram may be
Eric  Johansson the camram developer has some different numbers which he
has just run that I will dig out and forward.
--- begin forwarded text
List-Unsubscribe: ,
List-Id: Anti-Spam Research Group - IRTF List-Post: List-Help: List-Subscribe: ,
List-Archive: I hope this is useful:
I'm in the Security Group of the Computer Laboratory at the University
of Cambridge. Ben Laurie (yes, that Ben Laurie) and I have recently
been doing some sums on proof-of-work / client puzzles / hashcash
methods of imposing economic constraints upon the sending of spam...
Ben wanted to know how big a proof was needed for a practical scheme
he was considering -- and I told him it wasn't going to work. We then
carefully worked through all the calculations, using the best data
that we could obtain -- and we did indeed come to the conclusion that
proof-of-work is not a viable proposal :(
The paper we wrote about this was presented last week in Minneapolis
at the (academic, peer-reviewed) "Third Annual Workshop on Economics
and Information Security" (WEAS04)
We've doubtless duplicated the figures on the back of many an
envelope, but it is clearly useful to have the analysis in the formal
literature where our assumptions and figures can be considered and
possibly even improved upon by others.
     Slides from talk:
          A frequently proposed method of reducing unsolicited bulk email
     ("spam") is for senders to pay for each email they send. Proof-
     of-work schemes avoid charging real money by requiring senders to
     demonstrate that they have expended processing time in solving a
     cryptographic puzzle. We attempt to determine how difficult that
     puzzle should be so as to be effective in preventing spam. We
     analyse this both from an economic perspective, "how can we stop
     it being cost-effective to send spam", and from a security
     perspective, "spammers can access insecure end-user machines and
     will steal processing cycles to solve puzzles". Both analyses
     lead to similar values of puzzle difficulty. Unfortunately, real-
     world data from a large ISP shows that these difficulty levels
     would mean that significant numbers of senders of legitimate
     email would be unable to continue their current levels of
     activity. We conclude that proof-of-work will not be a solution
     to the problem of spam.
For the avoidance of doubt, the type of scheme we believe we have
shown is not viable is one where all email (except "mailing list"
email) carries a "proof-of-work" along with it.
It may be that it is still sensible to consider composite schemes
where puzzles are only solved per sending host or where receivers use
puzzles to admit senders into whitelists...
... however, we would consider it incumbent on any proposer of such a
scheme to do similar calculations to ours before putting it forward.
     [ off-topic for here, but we also suspect that a number of proof-
     of-work schemes in peer-to-peer networks would fall to our type
     of real-world analysis :( people tend to use client puzzles as a
     kind of "magic fairy dust" to scatter over systems when they get
     stuck in their design :( ]
richard                                              Richard Clayton
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.         Benjamin Franklin
Asrg mailing list
--- end forwarded text
