
@_date: 2005-04-04 02:05:04
@_author: "Financial News Journal" 
@_subject: Isonics News Announcement 
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT:ISONICS (NASDAQ: ISON)
CLICK THE LINKS BELOW FOR MORE ISONICS INFORMATION:
Today Isonics announced the execution of an LOI to acquire IUT-Berlin. Please take a moment to click the links above to learn more about this exciting company and potential market success story.
Isonics Executes Letter of Intent to Acquire NeutroTest
Acquisition Expected to Expand Pipeline of Isonics Homeland Security
GOLDEN, COLORADO --(BUSINESS WIRE)-- April 1, 2005--Isonics Corporation (Nasdaq:ISON), committed to the development of next-generation technology for the homeland security market, has announced the execution of a letter of intent to acquire its longtime technology partner IUT-Berlin.  Isonics Chairman and CEO James Alexander made the announcement.
IUT-Berlin is Isonics’ development partner for NeutroTest™, the next-generation neutron-based explosive scanning and detection device that Isonics is developing for commercial sales. IUT has also developed a number of other products and technologies that will enrich Isonics’ life sciences and homeland security divisions, and expand the Company’s pipeline of proprietary technologies and products.  Isonics had owned 6% of the Germany-based advanced technology company since 1998. Under the terms of the Letter of Intent and subject to a definitive agreement and normal closing conditions, Isonics will increase its ownership to 100%.  Isonics will pay approximately $1.4 million in a combination of cash and common stock. "We expect that the acquisition of IUT-Berlin will provide Isonics several benefits.  We expect to obtain incremental revenue and margin for our life sciences segment by virtue of IUT-Berlin’s isotope product sales.  With control of IUT- IUT-Berlin, (Institut fur Umwelttechnologien in German or The Institute for Environmental Technologies in English), was founded in 1992, and possesses extensive experience in isotope technologies, sensor development, plasma technology, radiation measurement, and analytical chemistry. Among its products are Ion Mobility Spectrometers that measure airborne impurities and contaminants, highly sensitive Total Reflection X-ray Spectrometers, and advanced long-distance metal detectors for preparation of building sites and detection of explosive mines. IUT’s laboratories have been proven to meet The acquisition of IUT-Berlin is one of Isonics' early significant steps to expand its homeland security division since the recent completion of a $22 million financing designed to increase the Company’s revenue and growth.  In February, Isonics completed the $22 million convertible debt financing, allocating at least 50% of the net proceeds to accelerate revenue growth in its homeland security division through acquisitions of profitable (or potentially profitable) and/or cash-flow positive companies.  Isonics is also completing its due diligence in the acquisition of New York-based Protection Plus Security Consultants, an international homeland security firm with an estimated $12 million in unaudited annual revenues.
About Isonics Corporation
Isonics Corporation has three business divisions: (1) Isonics Semiconductor, (2) Isonics Life Sciences, and (3) Isonics Homeland Security and Defense. Isonics is a world leader in isotopically engineered materials and through its semiconductor division produces isotopically pure silicon-28 chemicals and wafers for the semiconductor industry. Isonics' Life Sciences division markets and sells isotopes to the health care industry for the imaging and treatment of cancer. Stable isotopes can be thought of as ultra pure materials. This high degree of purification provides enhanced properties as compared to natural materials. Our efforts in the Homeland Security segment are nascent at the present time as we proceed to develop further our neutron-based detection technologies.
Cautionary Statement
Except for historical information contained herein, this document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company's actual results or outcomes to be materially different from those anticipated and discussed herein. Further, the Company operates in industries where securities values may be volatile and may be influenced by regulatory and other factors beyond the Company's control. Other important factors that the Company believes might cause such differences are discussed in the risk factors detailed in the Company's 10-KSB for the year ended April 30, 2004, and its quarterly report on Form 10-QSB for the nine months ended January 31, 2005, both as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which include the Company's historical ca!
sh flow difficulties, dependence on significant customers, and rapid development of technology, among other risks. In assessing forward-looking statements contained herein, readers are urged to carefully read all cautionary statements contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Isonics cautions investors that there are currently no commercial NeutroTest products, and no guarantee there will be. Isonics has made no NeutroTest sales and no government agency or other person has expressed an interest in purchasing NeutroTest. There can be no assurance that Isonics will be able to manufacture the NeutroTest for the market at a cost and with capabilities that meet the needs of prospective customers.
This announcement may contain forward-looking statements made by senior management of Isonics that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions or future events. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and performances, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Actual future results and trends may differ materially from those made in -- or suggested by -- statements made in this announcement due to a variety of factors. Consequently, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements made in this announcement. For more information about Isonics and risks arising from investing in Isonics, you are directed to the Company's most recent Form 10-KSB filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Isonics Corporation
Boris Rubizhevsky, 303-279-7900
Investor Relations:
Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc.
Paul Karon, 800-592-6067
Compensation and Other Disclosures
This Stock Alert (the "Alert") is published by Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc. ("Trilogy") to provide readers with information on selected publicly traded companies. Factual information is obtained from public filings and other sources deemed to be reliable; however, Trilogy takes no responsibility for verifying the accuracy of such information and makes no representation that such information is accurate or complete. Certain of the statements in this Alert may be considered forwarded looking statements. Trilogy makes no representation and provides no assurance or guaranty that such forward looking statements will be prove to be accurate. Statements of opinion and belief are those of the authors and/or editors of this Alert, and are based solely upon the information possessed by such authors and/or editors; no inference should be drawn that such authors or editors have any special or greater knowledge about the company or c!
ompanies profiled or any particular expertise in the industries or markets in which the profiled company or companies compete. The reader should verify all claims and complete his own due diligence before investing in any securities of profiled company or companies. Neither Trilogy nor anyone involved in the publication of this Alert is a registered investment adviser or broker/dealer. Trilogy makes no recommendation that the purchase of securities of company or companies profiled in this Alert are suitable or advisable for any person or that an investment such securities will be profitable. In general, given the nature of the company or companies profiled and the lack of an active trading market for their securities, investing in such securities is highly speculative and carries a high degree of risk. An investor in such securities should be prepared and able to bear a loss of his or her entire investment. Nothing in this Alert should be construed as an offer or solicitatio!
n to buy or sell any securities of any profiled company. Tril!
ogy has been retained to provide investor relations services for the company profiled in this Alert and receives compensation for those services. Further, Trilogy and its employees and affiliates may own, or may purchase and sell, securities of the company or companies profiled. Trilogy undertakes no obligation to inform readers about the ownership or trading activities of it or its employees or affiliates in the securities of the profiled company or companies. Trilogy has the following compensation arrangements with the company or companies profiled in this Alert: Isonics Corporation: $7,500 per month for so long as Trilogy is retained to provide investor relations services. A subsidiary of Trilogy has warrants to purchase from a non-affiliate shareholder of this company 200,000 shares of common stock for $1.25 and 100,000 shares of common stock for $1.35 per share.
Compensation and Other Disclosures
The content of this message is published by Isonics and sent to select email lists through Lake Group Media, Inc. ("Lake") to provide readers with information on selected publicly traded companies. Factual information is obtained from public filings and other sources deemed to be reliable; however, neither Isonics nor Lake takes responsibility for verifying the accuracy of such information and they make no representation that such information is accurate or complete. Certain of the statements in this Update may be considered forwarded looking statements. Isonics and Lake make no representation and provide no assurance or guaranty that such forward looking statements will prove to be accurate. See the companies filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for factors that may cause results to be significantly different. Statements of opinion and belief are those of the authors and/or editors of this Update, and are based solely upon the information possessed by such au!
thors and/or editors; no inference should be drawn that such authors or editors have any special or greater knowledge about the company or companies profiled or any particular expertise in the industries or markets in which the profiled company or companies compete. The reader should verify all claims and complete his own due diligence before investing in any securities of the profiled company or companies. Neither Isonics, Lake, nor anyone involved in the publication or dissemination of this Update is a registered investment adviser or broker/dealer. Isonics and Lake make no recommendation that the purchase of securities of the company or companies profiled in this Update are suitable or advisable for any person or that an investment in such securities will be profitable. In general, given the nature of the company or companies profiled and the lack of an active trading market for their securities, investing in such securities is highly speculative and carries a high degree!
 of risk. An investor in such securities should be prepared a!
nd able to bear a loss of his or her entire investment. Nothing in this Update should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of any profiled company. Lake has been retained to provide direct marketing services for the company profiled in this Update and receives compensation for those services. Further, Lake and its employees and affiliates may own, or may purchase and sell, securities of the company or companies profiled. Lake undertakes no obligation to inform readers about the ownership or trading activities of it or its employees or affiliates in the securities of the profiled company or companies. Lake has the following compensation arrangements with the company or companies profiled in this Update: Lake receives a commission (fee) ranging from $1,000 to $25,000 for each direct marketing list recommended and ordered for the dissemination of this Update.         This is an advertisement.
        Your address was obtained from I-NetValues or one of its affiliates.          To discontinue subscription, please go here.
        To remove by postal mail:
        1730 South Federal Highway Suite 115
        Delray Beach, Florida  33483
