
@_date: 2001-09-30 23:45:20
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: NO FRIENDS OF LIBERTY IN FOXHOLES? by David M. Brown 
THE LIBERTARIAN ENTERPRISE ................................ ISSUE 141 October 01, 2001
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
"A libertarian is a person who believes that no one has the right,
under any circumstances, to initiate force against another human
being, or to advocate or delegate its initiation. Those who act
consistently with this principle are libertarians, whether they
realize it or not. Those who fail to act consistently with it are
_not_ libertarians, regardless of what they may claim." -- LNS
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
PUBLISHER         L. Neil Smith     WEBMASTER         Ken L. Holder     WEB HOSTING       William Stone     HONORARY EDITOR   Vin Suprynowicz   EDITOR            John Taylor       - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
NO FRIENDS OF LIBERTY IN FOXHOLES?
by David M. Brown     Exclusive to TLE
Are there no libertarians in foxholes?
In a recent op-ed first published by the _Boston Globe_, reprinted by
_Reason Magazine_ at their web site, then reprinted by the electronic
newsletter _Freematt's Alerts_, Cathy Young opines that maybe
individual rights and human freedom aren't so sacrosanct after all --
not if we're in a foxhole and the terrorists are lunging at us with
box-cutters in their teeth.
Just as there are no atheists in foxholes, perhaps there are no
libertarians in them either, Young suggests.
I don't know. It's a theory. Perhaps no foxhole residents possess any
convictions of any kind. Perhaps the human spirit simply shrivels and
withers in foxholes. But I doubt it.
"Do I like the idea of people being able to encrypt electronic
communications so that they are beyond surveillance?" Cathy Young
asks. "Frankly, I found it scary even before September 11 --
precisely because of the threat of terrorism. It is said that there
are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians
in times of terrorist attacks. Even in the Declaration of
Independence, the right to liberty is preceded by the right to life."
How sad to read these comments. Is Cathy Young implying that if I
don't want the government to be able to open my mail at will, I'm an
enabler of terrorism?
I agree that the right to liberty is _grounded in_ the right to life.
It pertains to what my right to life entails in a social context --
what others owe to me and what I owe to them, if we are to be able to
function in support of our own individual lives and also get along
with each other. It's true that the right to liberty doesn't mean the
right to do any old which thing I choose to do. I don't have the
right to threaten my neighbors or do arbitrary violence to them. If I
act as a criminal, I do forfeit the right to walk as a free person.
And if government has (true) probable cause to suspect me of
criminality, yes they should have every reasonable power to
But how can I be asked to forfeit my right to protect my own personal
privacy in advance of _any_ reasonable evidence of _any_
rights-violating wrongdoing or planning of same?
When I am in a public context like an airport, whose managers might
reasonably request the ability to search my suitcase as a condition
of my doing business with them, I can understand submitting to an
inspection ... though I might not agree with it and might even think
it's offensive and obtuse, depending on how long they linger over the
But Cathy Young is talking about another case altogether. She is
suggesting that I must give up a particular right to act on my own
behalf when the private enterprise involved is entirely willing to
sell (or give me) the particular good which Young says I have no
right to possess: robust encryption software.
Why? Because I "might" act as a criminal? Or does encrypting my
private stuff per se constitute a violation of somebody's rights?
And if so, whose?
Young also says that it would be okay to check out my electronic mail
as long as there is "due process." Well, that sounds okay, though
with the FBI's notorious Carnivore technology, my private email may
well be read in full if the Carnivore system gleans one or two
suspect words. No warrant required.
Surely Cathy Young is aware that the government does not always have
good reasons for the things it does. At least if the feds and the
cops must apply for a warrant, they has to give a court _some_ before
prying into my personal things. But from what I gather, Carnivore is
premised on the notion of _not_ having to bother about warrants
before inspecting the email of particular individuals. It supposedly
can gulp and scan every single piece of email that goes through a
particular electronic hub, without any differentiation between one
individual and another. That is the point. Are "probable cause"
warrants going to be granted to scan the email of all the millions of
email users -- and if so, doesn't that destroy the notions of
probable cause and warrants?
I don't suppose such considerations even apply to making it illegal
for people to effectively encrypt their email and documents so as to
head Carnivore off at the pass, as well as other possible info
thieves. That's some other kind of violation of constitutional
protections and basic rights.
Young's rationale for violating my rights seems to be the same
rationale offered by the critics of bearing arms and other methods of
protecting yourself. Gun control is also a violation of liberty in
the name of safety. Of course, far from ensuring safety, gun control
deprives people of a means to provide for their personal safety.
Don't believe me? Well, think about this. Suppose a thug comes at you
and if you had a gun you could overpower him and protect yourself,
but because of gun control/victim disarmament laws you don't have a
gun and you can't overpower him and protect yourself. Well, it is
true enough that in that moment you also don't have any ability to
commit a terrorist act or shoot little babies with that gun you don't
have. But you also can't use that nonexistent gun to protect
yourself. See, you don't _have_ the gun. You can't use things you
don't have. I should think this would be obvious.
In the same way, Young would deprive persons of a means to provide
for their personal privacy and the safety and security of their
private information on which, who knows, their very lives may
sometimes well depend. Certainly robust encryption might be very
useful to dissidents living under totalitarian rule, for example.
If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns. If robust crypto
is outlawed, only outlaws will have robust crypto. Or does Ms. Young
believe that terrorists be obliging enough to use only the
government-approved crypto technology, the one with the backdoor
entrance for the FBI?
What's next? A camera in every street corner and living room? Should
the government know where everybody is at any moment, and every
single thing everybody is doing in any given moment? Well, why not?
Rights, as Young implies, must give way when "safety" is at risk. And
surely if there is a computer-searchable video bank of everything
everybody does, it will be hard for terrorists or anybody to cover
their tracks. As Winston Smith discovered. (Never mind whether such
universal surveillance and cataloging and retrieval of the video
clips is technologically feasible right at this moment. If it's not
technologically feasible today, it will be technologically feasible
tomorrow. And you would only need to sign up about 50 percent of the
American populace for the job of keeping an eye on themselves and the
other 50 percent.)
Let's say that lives are indeed "saved" as a result of universal
surveillance. Since per Cathy Young, life per se -- survival per se,
whether or not in freedom -- in itself trumps liberty as a value,
there can be no objection that the trade-off is too excessive at any
particular point in the process of giving up our liberty. If Young
disagrees, then I would ask her what _is_ the criterion or principle
that she would employ to determine when the trade-off becomes
unjustified? (Too Draconian? Big Brother run rampant? Oh come on.
Hello. Safety. Remember? Safety.)
Any such principle would also have to show that the rights which I
thought I had and which are now to be traded away -- i.e., including
the right to take peaceful action in self-protection of my personal
privacy -- were never truly my rights at all. A right -- a
fundamental right, based on my nature as a human being and the basic
requirements of my survival in society -- is something that can't be
traded away merely because of some abuse that somebody _else_ (i.e.,
somebody who is not me) might commit.
Young also seems to assume that if a criminal or terrorist is
deprived of one convenient method of developing their plans in
privacy, he will not then resort to some other method: for example,
code words and regular mail. Or getting together in a hotel room.
(Oops. Forgot. All the hotel rooms will have video camcorders
installed. So they meet in the woods.)
Then there is the fact that there are many effective things that can
and should be done to anticipate and combat the terrorists that do
not at all entail violating the rights and constricting the peaceful
action of innocent persons. After all, until September 11, we didn't
even take the threat all that seriously. It was only a few embassies
here and there being wrecked.
The free society is not a "suicide pact," Young writes. I agree.
Well, if the passengers and crew aboard all those planes that met
disaster on September 11 had a) not been tutored to cooperate with
terrorists and b) been armed at the time of the hijacking (at the
very least, if the crew had been armed), might not all that death
have been prevented?
This is war, but it is a war on two fronts. With the exception of a
few deranged left-wingers, Americans are united against the
terrorists. We agree that we want to live, and that it is wrong to
kill us. Let us also be united in defense of our individual right to
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness as practiced in daily
life here at home. Maybe it is too much to demand that all Americans
be consistent in this cause, given all the engrained confusions of
modern politics. But it should not be too much to demand such
allegiance at least from those who up until September 10 professed to
be informed advocates of the principles of the Declaration, and gave
some evidence of actually being that.
When you're in a foxhole, it is nice to have compatriots in adjacent
foxholes. It is nice to soldiers who stick with you through thick and
thin. So let there be no more defections to the other side. Cathy
Young, come back. You are managing to get published in the _Boston
Globe_. That's great. Fight for liberty there.
Defense of life requires defense of liberty, including the right to
bear arms and robust crypto. Now is a time not to surrender our
rights, but to recognize and fight for them.
- - -
David M. Brown is a freelance writer and editor.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-28 20:03:02
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: E-Surveillance Analyses Needed for Internet Caucus Compendium 
I am on the Internet Caucus Advisory Committee.  Please help, if you can provide the requested information.  Please contact Tim Lordan with any questions.  (His contact information appears at the end of the e-mail. message.)
Please post this to Freematt's Alerts, if you think your readers will be interested in this.
Steve Imparl
Internet Caucus Advisory Committee Members (and others):
********* PLEASE CIRCULATE WIDELY UNTIL  Tuesday, October 2, 2001
The Co-Chairs of the Congressional Internet Caucus have called upon the
resources of the Advisory Committee and its members to provide any and all
analyses "of current and future proposals to protect national security and
their impact on the communications infrastructure." (See Co-Chair Letter
September 24 at  ).
Therefore, the ICAC staff  is asking for any and all analyses and
educational materials on the various anti-terrorism proposals under
consideration on Capitol Hill that affect the Internet or communications
privacy in general.  These proposals include: 1) the DOJ anti-terrorism
bill, 2) Rep. Lamar Smith's bill, 3) the Sept. 13 amendment to the CJS
appropriations, and 4) any other bills of being tracked by ICAC members that
were offered in response to the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11.
We are specifically seeking submissions in the following (overlapping)
- Title III, including the changes in Title I, subtitle A of the
Administration's bill
- FISA, including the changes in Title I, subtitle B of the Administration's
- ECPA, e.g., the nationwide search warrants in sec. 108 of the
Administration's bill
- Pen Register and Trap & Trace, e.g., section 101 of the Administration
- Encryption
We will compile all the materials we receive and place them into a
Legislative Briefing Compendium and distribute them in printed, online, and
CD-ROM format to Congressional staff.
For this limited instance, you may request that materials be reproduced
without attribution; if you are a law firm, you may submit a memo without
revealing whom it was written for.
If your organization would like to have your analyses included in this
Compendium, please follow the guidelines below.
The Compendium on these electronic surveillance issues is for the sole
purpose of educating Members and staff.
SUBMISSION GUIDELINES
The ICAC will accept submissions -- according to the Guidelines below --
until COB Tuesday, October 2, 2001, with the goal of producing the
Compendium and circulating it to Congressional offices on Thursday, October
4.  As the deadline draws near, submissions not complying with these
Guidelines risk rejection for lack of time to make necessary revisions.
Each submission should be tailored to a specific section of the Compendium
based on the outline below.
- Title III, including the changes in Title I, subtitle A of the
Administration's bill
- FISA, including the changes in Title I, subtitle B of the Administration's
- ECPA, e.g., the nationwide search warrants in sec. 108 of the
Administration's bill
- Pen Register and Trap & Trace, e.g., section 101 of the Administration
- Encryption
You MUST indicate the appropriate category when submitting.  If you have one
document covering more than one category, you have three options: 1) keep it
whole and submit it in the "introduction category" if appropriate;  2)
break it into pieces yourself; or 3) make a request that it remain whole
within a category with pointers from others. Because of the heavy demand and
tight schedule, we cannot promise that requests will be met and we may have
to edit documents if they contain information irrelevant to the outline.
2)  Please send materials in an electronic format (e.g. MS Word
[preferred]; WordPerfect, plain text, PDF).  Faxes, hard copies and URLs
will NOT be accepted.
3)  Materials should include header information in both the email and on the
Please indicate:
*  the organization that is submitting (unless submitting without
*  comments and requests with the contact person of that organization with
their phone number/email.
4) By submitting materials to the Compendium, you are giving us your
assurance that you are giving us all required copyright permissions to
reprint the materials.
5)  Email all submissions to briefing
An archive of this email will remain at
 until further notice.
Contact Tim Lordan at 202-638-4370 with any questions.
Tim Lordan
Internet Caucus Advisory Committee
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-26 17:00:04
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Cato's David Boaz Responds To Ban On Knives 
Matthew Gaylor responds:
I would hope it's not a debatable point when your Director of Defense Policy, Ivan Eland thinks victim disarmament is a good idea when he states "The ban against sharp metal objects (i.e., knives) aboard aircraft is a good one." [See I think libertarian economist Walter Williams has the correct, and  "The new air safety regulations are consistent with today's anti-crime strategies: If people commit crimes with guns, call for gun control; if people commit crimes with knives, call for knife control. Current law prohibits pilots from having guns to protect their crew and passengers.  That law should be changed. Instead of meekly going along with the FAA's new, costly, oppressive and stupid safety regulations, Americans should rebel against them. Are we so timid and feminized that we'll accept anything politicians do in the name of safety?"  See: So my question to Mr. Eland is why is he willing to accept FAA regulations over freedom? And isn't Ben Franklin still right when he  "They that can give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety."?
Regards,  Matt-
{Note this message is being sent to Freematt's Alerts, multiple thousands of subscribers worldwide.}
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-25 16:57:36
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Homeland Security Tom Ridge's Pathetic Record on Firearms & 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  This is an analysis of Pennsylvanian Governor Tom Ridge's record from 1998 compiled by the Allegheny County Sportsmen's League, Inc. and several other Pennsylvanian civil rights groups.  Thanks to Roy Pittman  President, Pennsylvania Gun Owner's Association for providing the information and for mentioning that Gov. Ridge while serving as the Congressman from the 21st District in Pennsylvania was yet another Republican sellout who voted for the 1994 crime bill which criminalized high-capacity gun magazines.]
Firearms Owners Against Crime (FOAC'S) ANALYSIS OF THE RIDGE RECORD ON FIREARMS AND RIGHTS
1.	ACT 17 of 1995 (S.S.H.B. 110) is the result of Ridge's Special Session on Crime. The focus was on increasing the regulatory burden for firearms purchase, ownership and, in some cases, use. The result has been a virtual breeding ground for slipshod, biased and politically expedient prosecutions.
2.	Mental Health Statutes- For the 1st time ever, an evaluation (which can be instituted by virtually anyone) by medical professionals can result in the permanent loss of constitutional rights. Due process protections, already weakened by inadequate enforcement of law, have now been virtually eliminated. Consider the following personal tragedy: See the attached statement of Mr. Russell 3.	Conference of the States (S.R. 12) This effort was a thinly veiled attempt to REPLACE our current FEDERAL Constitution. The goals were "fundamental, structural and long term reforms." This Initiative was conducted in conjunction with the Council of State Governments, in ALL 50 State Legislatures, utilizing formal resolutions with a simple majority of States as the goal. Florida Law Professors Steven Gey, John & Ashley Frost and Nat Stern described this as a "
recipe for a constitutional crisis, and the destabilizing effects of such a crisis would reach into every aspect of our political, legal, and economic life." Ridge lobbied hard for this legislation and for the conference to take place in historic Philadelphia.
4.	States Rights and Federal Cops (S.B. 75) This legislation would have given Federal Law Enforcement, all 57 AGENCIES, the ability to enforce ALL PA laws with immunity from either criminal or civil liability. Additionaly there are no requirements for training in Pennsylvania law. As has been repeatedly demonstrated around our nation, most recently in Elizabethtown, Federal law Enforcement operates, at times, outside the law. In the Elizabethtown PA incident, FBI Agents on a training mission for terrorist incidents seized a car of teenagers who just happened to be driving down the street. In the process of this dynamic seizure the agents caused several car accidents, dragged the children from the car and held them at gunpoint for a period of time. This action caused outrage among the local citizens and media when the Agents were not held accountable for their actions and even tried to intimidate the media to prevent coverage of the incident. When officials fail to respond to correct these abuses by law enforcement, their only recourse is through tort action in civil court. Something Tom Ridge tried to eliminate via Senate Bill 75.
5.	Firearms Registration in PA is illegal. However, in 1995 the City of Pittsburgh and the U.S. Justice Dept. attempted to create a registry of all gun owners in Pennsylvania's 4th, 12th, 14th, 18th, 20th congressional districts. This registry would be tied to a geographical interface system so that the locations of gun owners either as a whole or by specific query could be displayed on computer generated maps. The Allegheny County Sportsmen's League sued to put an end to this effort. The Allegheny County Court of Common Pleas found that this project was illegal under Pennsylvania law and order the City and their consultants to cease and desist. The City continues to appeal the previous decision. Although amendments to ACT 17, proposed by the ACSL, were enacted into Law as Act 66, make it a criminal offense to create such a registry, the Ridge administration has REFUSES to enforce this provision of the law.
6.	Bait & Switch - Gov. Ridge has diverted funds from useful but low visibility projects to high visibility, "politically correct" projects. For instance, the criminal records database in Pennsylvania needs to be modernized and updated. Provisions of the Brady Bill made $2,000,000 available for that purpose. Instead, Governor Ridge created a new specialized "Domestic Violence Database." Ironically, 80% of domestic abuse cases would have been included in the general database. The Pennsylvania state Police continue to suffer with a communications system so antiquated and unreliable that officers have taken to using cell phones to call for backup. However, the Ridge administration has the manpower to institute a communications and real time record keeping system for law abiding purchasers of 7.	(Questionable Ethics - Act 17 requires ALL firearms transactions to take place in a dealer's place of business. Gun Buy Back programs violate this law. The Ridge administration has allowed these media spectacles to go unchallenged. Yet, throughout this state, average citizens are being swallowed up by politically correct prosecutions. Consider, John Heidler, a 60% disabled Vietnam Veteran, has been found guilty of violating Sec. 912 of State law. His crime was the lawful, licensed carrying of a firearm when picking up his son from school. Mr. Heidler relies on a firearm to defend himself, and his family, because of his disability. Where is this administration's concern for Justice?
Gun Owner - Themes for the Pennsylvania Governor's Race
*	Ridge has deceived the gun owners throughout his career. While in Congress, he intentionally voted for the Semi-Auto gun ban. This was one of only two votes, not counting procedural votes, he had on the gun issue his last term in Congress.
*	As Governor, he has initiated the most striking anti-individual rights campaign in history. He has attacked almost every amendment in the Bill of Rights in the U.S. Constitution as well as the Declaration of Rights in the Pennsylvania Constitution. Consider his legislative agenda:
*	ACT 17 - This anti-gun legislation was supported and initiated at the request of the governor. It represented a significant change in tactics for the gun control crowd. Instead of banning specific guns, it created a whole new class of criminal activity including many non-violent or technical offenses that would result in the loss of gun ownership rights. This is the same tactic used by Hitler in Germany. As passed:
1.	Act 17 established an instant check system with a State Transaction fee ($3 at present but will be reviewed in five years) and an authorized Dealer Transaction Fee ($2).
2.	Can allow the police to require dealers to lock their guns in a vault at the end of each business day.
3.	Requires that ALL HANDGUN sales (except maybe those via parent and child) be sent through the instant check system.
4.	Makes the seller of any firearm criminally and civilly responsible if the gun is used in a crime. If the gun was sold through a dealer and RECORDED in the STATE POLICE COMPUTER SYSTEM then that is proof the seller is not criminally liable. However, there is no mention of removing civil liability from the seller. This essentially bans the private sale of guns.
5.	Created a restricted fund for deposit of the $3 per gun sales fee. Other legislation being introduced will allow anti-gun groups to use this fund for "gun-violence education programs" in our local Denies DUE PROCESS by allowing ANY MENTAL HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL (this includes psychiatrists, social workers, psychiatric nurses) to declare an individual a threat to themselves or others. That individual will then have all their guns confiscated and will be banned from owning or purchasing any gun in the future. The mental health professional making such claims are given immunity from any liability for any mistakes they may make. (This was modified in later legislation so that anyone served with an ACT 302 mental health commitment would have their guns confiscated without reimbursement. An ACT 302 is an observational period in a hospital to determine if a person is mentally competent. Just that fact that they were observed denies them a basic right without judicial review. Even if they are released and judged competent they are still denied gun ownership. This is the current law as of 1/1/1998)
Turns a paperwork offense into a felony. Carrying a concealed weapon without a valid carry permit (expired, etc) has been moved from a misdemeanor to a felony. However, not having a carry permit at all and carrying a concealed weapon is just a misdemeanor! (A correction was made in 1997, almost three years after ACT 17 passed, however this penalty is still a misdemeanor 1,which still disqualifies a citizen from ever owning firearm.)
 Supposedly this bill does not allow gun registration. However the record of sale and instant background check sent to the State Police Computer contains the buyers Name, Address, Phone Number, SSN and the type of GUN purchased including make, model, and Serial Number.
Any weapon that launches a projectile by the expansion of a gas (i.e. BB guns and pellet guns) are classified as firearms.
*	Senate Bill  Special Session No.1 (printer's No. 97) introduced by Senators Salvatore, Lemmond, Fisher, Bell and Andrezeski. Although this bill did not pass it further illustrates the Ridge Agenda. It would have allowed any FEDERAL AGENT authorized by the federal government to carry a firearm (FBI, BATF, IRS, Park Ranger, Postal Inspector, etc) to enforce PENNSYLVANIA LAWS down to the summary offense level. In addition they would have been given immunity both criminal and civil for any actions they took while enforcing those laws. This means that they could have enforced any state or local law down to, but not including, parking and speeding tickets. This bill essentially federalized all state and local laws (felonies and misdemeanors).
*	Senate Bill  Regular Session of 1995 (printer's No. 855) introduced by Melissa Hart, et. al. would amend the state constitution to relax the state limitations on search and seizure. It makes the State Constitutions provisions on search and seizure in conformity with the fourth amendment to the federal constitution as interpreted by the United States Supreme Court. Presently the State Constitution is more restrictive on search and seizure than the Federal Constitution. This also may apply to the definitions of the taking of property for civil purposes as well as criminal activity. In essence this bill if passed would have deleted Section 8 of the Declaration of Rights in the Pennsylvania Constitution.
*	Right of the victim to be confronted by the accuser - In 1996 or 1997 the Pennsylvania Constitution was changed to allow video taped testimony as evidence in certain types of cases, ostensibly child abuse cases. However, there was enough vagueness in the wording to allow for expanded use of this type of testimony.
*	S.B. 653 - Roving Wire Tap Bill This similar bill was part of the federal anti-terrorist legislation package, but was removed as being far too intrusive. It was picked up by the Council of State Governments and pushed at the state level throughout the 50 states. This if passed allows
1.	Roving taps The warrant, allowing the tap, defines a specific individual rather than a specific phone or communication line. Therefore, any communication device that individual uses or to whom he makes a call can be tapped. If an individual calls a another person, that person and any one he/she calls can be tapped arising from the call initiated by the first person on whom a warrant has been issued.
2.	"Good faith" wire taps If a specific warrant was not issued prior to the tap, it can be introduced as evidence if the police were acting in good faith! See subsection 5a above relative to the roving 3.	Allows any other "police agency" (state, federal, or local government entity) to tap the phone lines of Pennsylvania residents without securing a warrant or notifying Pennsylvania authorities.
4.	Trial by Jury A ballot Initiative has passed that amends the state constitution to allow the prosecutor to demand a trial by jury. Currently the accused can specify a jury or non-jury trial. This provision can make it cost prohibitive for an ordinary citizen to challenge wrongful prosecution.
Russ Laing
302 Mental Health Abuse Victim
By way of introduction I am a resident of Allegheny County who, in early 1996, was twice illegally subjected to brief mental health detentions under Section 302 of the PA Mental Health Act of 1976, in an outrageous and illegal manner.
My record is spotless, (I don't even have points on my traffic record). I was never alleged to have made any threat or public/private disturbance in either of the two detentions, I hold a responsible job as a senior member of management at the parent company of Allegheny General Hospital. I was committed without a warrant on both occasions by a local (within Allegheny County) police department, and in neither case was I ever subjected to any kind of hearing or other formal adjudication.
My case was heard in the Allegheny County Court of Common Pleas before Judge David Cercone. There were a total of four hearings utilizing three different members of the District Attorney's Office. Initially the Judge granted a motion to have my seized valuable gun collection returned. He then reversed himself and revoked the original order, without comment. Although I passed the original as well as court requested psychological examinations with flying colors!
In the final hearing, Assistant District Attorney, Dan Fitzimmons stated that the 2nd amendment only pertained to the National Guard. He then cited the provisions of Title 18 of the Pennsylvania Crimes Code governing firearms. Stating that once an Act 302 has been initiated, regardless of outcome the individual is barred from owning or possessing a firearm for life! All guns are confiscated without due process or financial compensation.
Mr. Fitzimmons further argued that even if he upheld my claim that the provisions of Act 17/66 were overruled that this brief psychiatric detention of less than five days (Section 302) never involving any adjudication (such as a warrant or a hearing before a judge, mental health officer or other lawful authority) may, nonetheless, constitute being "involuntarily committed to a psychiatric institution" and therefore preclude firearm ownership under FEDERAL firearms law.
Both detentions have not only violated Pennsylvania mental health laws but also my Constitutional Rights to Due Process and unlawful search and seizure.
To continue my fight, I have retained a second attorney to file a case seeking to have the local police either justify their actions in subjecting me to a psychiatric detention, or else have both "commitments" overturned. In the 2nd episode, the local version of Barney Fife and company surrounded my home for some 40 minutes with their guns drawn. They then stormed into my house to find me sleeping in my bedroom-and all this without a warrant or any other permission from anyone to enter my home! I feel that I have been in a Stephen King version of "Andy of Mayberry."
Copyright 1998, by Firearms Owners Against Crime - P.O. Box 74 Presto, PA 15142
Gun Registry Law Suit - ACSL et. al. vs. Tom Ridge
< NRA-ILA Staffers Keep Silent on Gun Legislation? (Ridge's Refusal to fund Compliance Audit on Pennsylvania Instant Check System to protect State Police registry) Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-25 04:54:30
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Intercepts foretold of 'big attack' -- The Washington Times 
They also own PMC ammo. For a more comprehensive look at their holding see: .
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-25 04:06:47
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: ACTION: Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 
URGENT ACTION ALERT
The Administration's proposed Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 is currently scheduled for mark-up by the House Judiciary Committee tomorrow (Tuesday) morning. It is critical that consideration of the legislation be delayed until the Committee holds comprehensive public hearings on the serious civil liberties issues the proposal implicates. The Committee is currently planning to proceed to mark-up after testimony only from the Attorney General and a short, informal "briefing" on the issues that raise constitutional concerns.
There is an urgent need for concerned organizations and individuals to contact members of the Judiciary Committee and urge them to delay consideration of the bill until its impact on civil liberties can be carefully and fully considered. These contacts need to be made IMMEDIATELY to delay tomorrow morning's scheduled mark-up.
Committee members and their contact information follows. It would be particularly useful if constituents of these members express their concern. Please forward this alert to your members, affiliated organizations and appropriate mailing lists.
Judiciary Committee List
Name, party, state, phone, fax, e-mail:
James Sensenbrenner, Chair, R-WI, (202) 225-5101, (202) 225-3190, Henry Hyde, R-IL, (202) 225-4561, (202) 225-1166.
John Conyers Jr., D-MI, (202) 225-5126, (202) 225-0072, George Gekas, R-PA, (202) 225-4315, (202) 225-8440, askgeorge
Barney Frank, D-MA, (202) 225-5931, (202) 225-0182
Howard Coble, R-NC, (202) 225-3065, (202) 225-8611, howard.coble
Howard Berman, D-CA, (202) 225-4695, (202) 225-3196, Lamar Smith, R-TX, (202) 225-4236, (202) 225-8628
Rick Boucher, D-VA, (202) 225-3861, (202) 225-0442, ninthnet
Elton Gallegly, R-CA, (202) 225-5811, (202) 225-1100
Jerrold Nadler, D-NY, (202) 225-5635, (202) 225-6923, Bob Goodlatte, R-VA, (202) 225-5431, (202) 225-9681, talk2bob
Bobby Scott, D-VA, (202) 225-8351, (202) 225-8354
Steve Chabot, R-OH, (202) 225-2216, (202) 225-3012
Mel Watt, D-NC, (202) 225-1510, (202) 225-1512, nc12.public
Bob Barr, R-GA, (202) 225-2931, (202) 225-2944, barr.ga
Zoe Lofgren, D-CA, (202) 225-3072, (202) 225-3336, zoe
William Jenkins, R-TN, (202) 225-6356, (202) 225-5714
Sheila Jackson Lee, D-TX, (202) 225-3816, (202) 225-3317, tx18
Christopher Cannon, R-UT, (202) 225-7751, (202) 225-5629, Maxine Waters, D-CA, (202) 225-2201, (202) 225-7854
Lindsey Graham, R-SC, (202) 225-5301, (202) 225-3216
Marty Meehan, D-MA, (202) 225-3411, (202) 226-0771, Spencer Bachus, R-AL, (202) 225-4921, (202) 225-2082
William Delahunt, D-MA, (202) 225-3111, (202) 225-5658, John Hostettler, R-IN, (202) 225-4636, (202) 225-3284, Robert Wexler, D-FL, (202) 225-3001, (202) 225-5974
Mark Green, R-WI, (202) 225-5665, (202) 225-5729, mark.green
Tammy Baldwin, D-W, (202) 225-2906, (202) 225-6942, Ric Keller, R-FL, (202) 225-2176, (202) 225-0999
Anthony David Weiner, D-NY, (202) 225-6616, (202) 226-7253
Darrell Issa, R-CA, (202) 225-3906, (202) 225-3303
Adam Schiff, D-CA, (202) 225-4176, (202) 225-5828
Melissa Hart, R-PA, (202) 225-2565, (202) 226-2274, melissa.hart
Jeff Flake, R-AZ, (202) 225-2635, (202) 226-4386
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-21 16:49:49
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Jim Warren on Op-ed on encryption: Privacy is no longer an 
SHEESH!  Are these anti-secure-crypto advocates REALLY that INCREDIBLY stupid and naive?!
The thing that continues to drive me bonkers about this kind of simplistic crap is that pretends aht Trade Center bombers, international terrorists, child molesters and murders will stop using globally-available strong crypto just because a law prohibits it, or give up ("escrow") their crypto keys just because a law requires it!
EVERY time we circulate yet-another idiot's message like this -- calling for limits on secure crypto or forced key escrow -- ALL of us NEED to attach a head-note pointing out that terrorists et al, are HARDLY likely to obey that law ... that instead, it will ONLY be law-abiding businesses and citizens who will LOOSE the ability to protect their sensitive corporate and personal communications (*and* files!) from competitors, foreign spies, and nosy voyeurs.
Jim Warren; jwarren Senior Contributing Editor, MICROTIMES Magazine
345 Swett Rd, Woodside CA 94062; voice/650-851-7075; fax/off due to spam-glut
[self-inflating puffery: InfoWorld founder; Dr.Dobb's Journal founding editor;
PBS-TV Computer Chronicles founding host; DataCast Magazine founder;
John Dvorak Lifetime Achievement Award; Autodesk Board of Directors (1990-95);
Electronic Frontier Foundation Pioneer Award (in its first year);
Soc.of Prof.Journalists-Nor.Calif. James Madison Freedom-of-Information Award;
Playboy Foundation's Hugh Hefner First-Amendment Award; blah blah blah]
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-21 16:01:10
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: The Pew research on willingness to give up liberty 
pjlimits scottrasmussen
Re the "newsbyte" item you recently distributed, assuring readers that
the public still supports privacy rights at least for email and phone
Following are passages from the survey write-up at the Pew Research
Center site . The survey
is about public attitudes in the wake of the terrorist attack. The quoted
passages pertain to attitudes toward civil liberties.
The newsbyte is somewhat misleading, because it mentions only those
instances where most of the public is least comfortable with loss of
liberty and greater surveillance of innocent people. It's a spin.
I guess it _is_ lucky that "only" 29% of Americans support internment
camps to round up LEGAL immigrants from hostile nations. And that 70%
don't want their phone calls or email to be monitored. On the other hand,
70% would have no problem with a national ID card that would have to be
presented on demand. 40% favor monitoring of their credit card purchases.
I would be happy to learn that this survey is fundamentally flawed. If it
isn't, we can only hope that second thoughts will prevail over time.
If more than half think of us think it's hunky-dory to give up some
freedom to combat terrorism, we're in trouble -- even if people are a
little bit queasier about this particular measure or that particular
measure. Especially when the public and the media and pols are all
singing the same song about the "new balance" we need.
Once the principle that people have certain inalienable rights is ceded,
there is not much ground left to stand on when they find that they do not
particularly like warrantless door-to-door searches or whatever. We all
know that even "temporary" war-time violations of liberty are often
retained after a war ends (as witness NYC rent controls).
And this is a war that by all indications will be fought indefinitely.
The liberty we lose now, we're not likely to get back any time soon.
David M. Brown
MOST SEE NEED TO SACRIFICE LIBERTIES
             Even more than was the case after the 1995 terrorist bombing
in Oklahoma City, Americans think it will be necessary to give up some
civil liberties in order to combat terrorism. A majority (55%) say the
average person will have to give up some freedoms in order to prevent
such attacks in the future.  The only dissent comes from respondents
under age 30, where just 40% think restricting civil liberties will be
necessary, while 50% disagree.
Sacrifice Civil Liberties to Curb Terrorism?
                     April    March    April         Sept
                     1995*    1996      1997          2001
                       %          %          %              %
Yes               49          30          29              55
No                 43          65          62              35
DK/Ref.         8            5            9               10
                      100        100        100            100
*L.A. Times
             In the immediate aftermath of the Oklahoma City bombing,
roughly half of Americans (49%) felt that sacrificing some civil
liberties would be necessary, but this view lost support in the years
that followed. By March 1996, only 30% said they thought curbing civil
liberties was a necessary step to control terrorism, while nearly
two-in-three (65%) said it was not.
             Though most see a loss of civil liberties as a necessary
step, many have reservations about government action.  Nearly as many
worry that government action might excessively restrict the average
persons civil liberties (34%) as express concern that the government
will not go far enough in enacting strong new terrorism laws (39%).
No Draconian Measures
             Despite the expectation that it will be necessary to
sacrifice some liberties, the public does not give blanket approval to
all possible government responses to the terrorist threat, especially
when it involves personal privacy. Seven-in-ten favor a requirement that
citizens carry a national identity card at all times to show to a police
officer on request, a proposal that has particularly strong support from
women (75%).  But the public is more dubious when it comes to government
monitoring of telephone calls, e-mails and credit card purchases.
Measures to Curb Terrorism
                                            Favor    Oppose  DK/Ref
                                               %            %            %
National ID cards               70            26         4=100
CIA assassinations           67            22        11=100
CIA criminal contacts        67            22        11=100
Monitor credit cards          40            55         5=100
Internment camps              29            57        14=100
Monitor phone/e-mail       26            70         4=100
             A majority (55%) would not favor permitting the government to
monitor their credit card purchases, and fully seven-in-ten oppose
allowing the government to monitor personal telephone calls and e-mails.
             Perhaps most important, Americans clearly reject the
establishment of internment camps to round up legal immigrants from
hostile nations. By roughly two-to-one (57% to 29%), the public opposes
that idea. On each of the measures related directly to civil liberties,
college-educated Americans express more concern about restricting
freedoms than those with a high-school degree or less.
             By contrast, the public is much more willing to remove some
of the shackles from the CIA in order to combat terrorism. Fully
two-thirds favor allowing the CIA to conduct assassinations overseas when
pursuing suspected enemies of the U.S., and an equal proportion are
willing to allow the CIA to contract with criminals in pursuing suspected
terrorists. Americans under age 50 and men express the strongest support
for such actions. Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-19 21:00:15
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Freedom flees in terror from Sept. 11 disaster By Paul 
Freedom flees in terror from Sept. 11 disaster
By Paul McMasters First Amendment Ombudsman
First Amendment Center
Last Tuesday's terrors were so calamitous that they threaten to shake us loose from our constitutional mooring. A civil liberties catastrophe looms as citizens surrender to fear, fury and frustration and as lawmakers throw money and shards of the Bill of Rights at the specter of terrorism.
Some of our elected leaders predict a gloomy future for freedom.
"We're in a new world where we have to rebalance freedom and security," said House Democratic Minority Leader Richard A. Gephardt, D-Mo. "We're not going to have all the openness and freedom we have Senate Minority Leader Trent Lott, R-Miss., repeated the warning: "When you're in this type of conflict, when you're at war, civil liberties are treated differently."
Even staunch First Amendment advocates, haunted by the suffering and devastation in New York City, near Washington, D.C., and the Pennsylvania countryside, are tempted to temporize in the face of insistent calls to suspend or re-examine our commitment to civil The First Amendment fallout commenced within hours of the airplanes crashing into their targets. Tuesday afternoon, FBI agents fanned out to persuade Internet firms and service providers to hook up e-mail sniffing software to monitor private citizens' e-mail. While the desire to marshal all resources in such circumstances is understandable, there are serious consequences for private speech and public discourse when ordinary citizens fear that law enforcement officials with broad powers to investigate and detain are listening Expressive activity was curtailed in a variety of places. A high school official reprimanded a student who distributed a flier asking her classmates to pray. Officials at the Baltimore Museum of Art took down a Christopher Wool painting containing the word "Terrorist" (later, they promised to provide "new interpretation" for the painting when it is reinstalled). New York police and members of the National Guard confiscated film from journalists and tourists.
If only that were the worst of it.
Government officials and policymakers immediately called for measures that would chill public discourse, disrupt reporting by the press, and interrupt the flow of information to the public. They want an expansion of law enforcement powers to spy on telephone and Internet traffic, to restrict the use of Internet encryption products that thwart online monitoring of private email, to slow down and divert funds from the declassification of secrets, and to force public libraries to reveal information about patrons' use of their computers.
In Congress, prospects brightened for several troubling measures, including:
*	The Cyber Security Information Act, which among other things would blow a gaping hole in the Freedom of Information Act.
*	Anti-leaks legislation, dubbed the "official secrets acts" by those who are deeply concerned about its impact on speech and the press and the flow of critical information to the public.
*	The Flag Desecration Act, which would for the first time in the history of our nation amend the First Amendment to prohibit burning the flag as a form of political dissent.
To compound the threat, there are disturbing examples of private or self-imposed restrictions on expression. Web pages shut down or removed content, a radio network circulated a list of songs that would be problematic to play, an employer confiscated American flags from the desks of workers, and a wire service withheld news footage after Palestinian threats against a photographer.
It would be foolish to dismiss such events - public or private - as mere nibbling at the edges of our rights. In fact, each nibble diminishes our commitment to freedom and the principles that distinguish our way of life from all others.
In such an atmosphere, voices of dissent grow silent, probing questions by the press are viewed as unpatriotic and subversive, and whistleblowers inside government with vital information are quieted. In such an atmosphere, propaganda, rumor and paranoia fester and infect. In such an atmosphere, citizens are denied their place as full partners in their own governance.
By suspending some of our most precious principles, the risk becomes not just terrorists whose hearts have grown rancid with hate but also a citizenry whose hearts are filled with fear.
There are things we can and should be doing rather than joining the stampede to ditch our rights. As columnist Thomas Friedman put it: "We have to fight the terrorists as if there were no rules and preserve our open society as if there were no terrorists."
First, we must remember that we've gone down this road too many times before. We have suspended freedom of speech, press and assembly during wartime and other crises, to the point of sending prominent Americans to jail for long terms for uttering unpatriotic words. And always we've looked back in wonderment that we could have been so stupid, that we could have so easily cast aside our democratic We must demand of ourselves that a distinction is made - in public discourse as well as public policy - between what is merely inconvenient and what strikes at the heart of our most important We must demand of those proposing a degradation of our freedom that they provide an immediate and convincing argument that such an approach represents a real solution rather than a false hope.
Finally, before we begin to contemplate forfeiture of any of our essential liberties, we must thoroughly examine the lapses in public policy and operations that have become so cruelly evident in the wake of the disaster. Lapses in intelligence collection and analysis; in basic security measures at airports; in granting and monitoring of visas; in national, state and local emergency preparedness.
As much as we wish to be safe forever from the horrors of last week, we simply cannot protect freedom by forsaking freedom. As much as we want relief from this time of national duress, we simply cannot make ourselves more secure by making fundamental freedoms less secure.
The words of Samuel Adams, in a different time and context, present a challenge to our natural impulse to sacrifice freedom in the face of "Contemplate the mangled bodies of your countrymen, and then say, What should be the reward of such sacrifices?  If ye love wealth better than liberty, the tranquillity of servitude than the animating contest of freedom - go from us in peace. Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you. May your chains sit lightly upon you."
What an affront to the courage and heroism shown by those who gave their lives in rescue efforts or in forcing hijackers into a crash if we give in easily to fear or panic.
Fire from the skies and hatred from afar last Tuesday caused human carnage and suffering at an unthinkable level. They dealt terrifying blows to our financial institutions, our transportation and communications systems, our political and military nerve centers, and to a nation's sense of self and security.
Do we really want to add constitutional freedoms to that sorrowful list of casualties?
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-17 01:02:34
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: The Enduring Power of Stupidity By Charles Platt 
[Charles Platt is senior writer for WIRED Magazine]
The Enduring Power of Stupidity
During the past five days I have read many essays. To me, all
of them have missed a fundamental underlying point.
There are two basic forces in the world: Intelligence and
stupidity. Human intelligence generally is creative, and has
the potential to enhance our lives. Stupidity almost always
is destructive.
A month ago, the power of stupidity was demonstrated on a
routine basis when our president made an "ethical decision"
that scientists should destroy small clumps of human cells by
throwing them away, instead of using them in research to
eradicate terrible diseases. This stupidity was justified by
misinterpreting an archaic book of primitive myths.
During the half-century that I have been alive, I've seen
many similar examples of stupidity depriving us of the fruits
of intelligence. Random examples include the misapplication
of Marxism, the Vietnam war, the cold war, dismantling the US
manned space program, eco-alarmism, and the war on drugs.
No doubt every person has some favorite examples to add to
this list.
At the dawn of the 21st century, when Y2K was averted by a
lot of smart people doing intelligent things to prevent the
paralysis of modern society, I started to hope that
intelligence was finally gaining an edge over stupidity. Here
I am now, using a digital computer that not only facilitates
my creativity as a writer, but also revolutionizes my ability
to create music, videos, or graphics. Its connectivity has
changed my entire working and social life. Its power has been
almost totally beneficial, and it promises still greater
benefits in the future.
Computational molecular biology has the potential to
eradicate all hunger and disease. Ultimately computational
power should enable us to manipulate matter itself, enabling
a new era of unlimited wealth while eliminating side effects
such as pollution and global warming. We may also defeat
death: I may die, but I believe my daughter has a chance to
achieve biological immortality.
At least, I used to believe this, until last Tuesday. On
Tuesday I saw that stupidity still trumps intelligence. Those
hijacked airplanes were an amazing feat of intelligent
engineering, making the miracle of flight not only safe but
universally accessible. The World Trade Center was a
brilliantly innovative piece of architecture. Yet a handful
of thugs armed with box cutters destroyed those fruits of
intelligence within a few hours. The thugs, of course, were
acting in accordance with their stupid misinterpretation of
yet another archaic book of primitive myths.
Regulatory stupidity facilitated the terrorist acts.
According to the Washington Post, FAA regulations have always
permitted knives up to 4 inches long on domestic flights, and
all cockpit doors on all airplanes can be opened with the
same master key. In any case, the doors are flimsy enough to
be kicked open. At least 14 times since 1998, drunk or
disturbed passengers have tried to force their way into
airplane cockpits. They succeeded on 6 occasions. In 1999, a
passenger on All Nippon Airways fatally stabbed a pilot.
Thus, this country has pursued an aggressive, punitive
foreign policy that was guaranteed to create enemies, yet
took only cosmetic steps to protect its own citizens in a
situation of notorious vulnerability. Worse, in the future,
passengers will remain vulnerable (instead of being allowed
access to tools of nonlethal self-defense such as tasers),
while the foreign policy will become more aggressive, thus
creating still more enemies.
I'm old enough to remember how the unfettered, turbulent
creativity of the 1960s dissipated in the ugly stupidities of
a war in southeast Asia. I fear now that the incredible
technological creativity of the past decade may be derailed
by some equally stupid, unwinnable war in another remote,
hostile country, causing socioeconomic chaos at home.
I feel a great, overwhelming melancholy. The wonderful smart
innovations in the past decade have empowered us in so many
ways, yet we are still impotent compared with the techno-
illiterates who claim a mandate to act stupidly on our
The terrorists with box cutters, and the militants in the
U.S. government, share two traits. They exercise power
indiscriminately, and show no great love for technology. In
fact, I believe they are hostile to it because they see how
its intelligence threatens them.
Their fear is justified. In the long term, I still believe
that technology will eclipse dumb political power and render
it obsolete.
Alas, I no longer believe that I will see this happen within
my lifetime.
--Charles Platt
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-17 00:27:50
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: The Assault on Civilization by David Kelley 
The Assault on Civilization
by David Kelley, Executive Director
Most of us still find it impossible to grasp the destruction of the World Trade Center. It was real, we saw it, but it does not belong in any reality we can understand. We saw the airliners, full of people who might have been us, streak incomprehensibly toward the walls of steel and glass. We saw them morph into fireballs that trapped thousands of people, working at their desks on a routine morning, in an inferno that killed most of them. We saw the shimmering towers collapse, and the towers of volcanic smoke that rose to take their place in the New York skyline. The images have been imprinted on our minds, never to be forgotten, but they will not compute.
In that sense, the terrorists succeeded. They have rocked our sense of reality. They have confronted us with a horror we could not have imagined, and may never assimilate. But they have also revealed, for everyone to see, the real nature of their cause. The assault is being described as an act of war against America, and it is. But unlike the Pentagon, the World Trade Center had no military significance. Unlike the White House--which the fourth, unsuccessful plane had apparently targeted--it had no political significance for U.S. policy in the Middle East, or anywhere else. The attack on the twin towers cannot be seen as an effort, even a twisted effort, to redress the grievances of people who feel dispossessed. It was an act of sheer destruction, for the sake of destruction.
With rare unity, Americans have grasped that this was an assault on their values, and it was. The buildings were obviously chosen as symbolic targets. But the values are not uniquely American, or even uniquely Western. They are the values of civilized life anywhere. This was an assault on civilization as such.
When it was built in 1973, the World Trade Center was an engineering marvel, innovative in structural design and in the construction techniques invented to erect the towers on that site. Though larger, taller structures have since been erected, New Yorkers were justly proud of these towering symbols of technical, industrial audacity.
The buildings' tenants were a cross-section of a productive economy: insurance companies, engineers, banks and investment houses, law firms, educators, employment agencies, construction companies, travel agencies. The tenants included great names in American finance--Morgan Stanley, Bank of America, Lehman Brothers. They included Empire Health Choice, which provides health insurance and medical services to millions of people in New York State. Dow Jones, one of the world's great publishing companies, had offices in the South Tower. The top floors of the North Tower housed the transmitting facilities for the major broadcasters in New York. Fuji Bank of Japan occupied three floors, and scores of businesses from other countries had offices in the building. Befitting its name and the intent of the builders, it was a crossroads of international commerce, a symbol not only of wealth but of trade as the civilized mode of human interaction.
"World trade means world peace," said the chief architect, Minoru Yamasaki. "The World Trade Center buildings in New York had a bigger purpose than just to provide room for tenants. The World Trade Center is a living symbol of man's dedication to world peace. The World Trade Center should, because of its importance, become a representation of man's belief in humanity, his need for individual dignity, his beliefs in the cooperation of men, and through cooperation, his ability to find greatness."
These towers became landmark of the skyline of New York City, which has always been a powerful symbol in its own right, a beacon of freedom and opportunity. From the Statue of Liberty to the Empire State Building, that skyline was forged from the melting pot where the best in man is refined from the accidents of race and nationality. In Ayn Rand's Fountainhead, the famous novel of a New York architect, one character says that when he sees the city, "I feel that if a war came to threaten this, I would like to throw myself into space, over the city, and protect these buildings with my body." Many of us wished we could have done just that when we saw the towers finally crumple and collapse.
Technology, achievement, trade, law, peace, freedom-these were the values under attack. They are not American values but human values, the values of civilized life.
Though it is not yet known for certain which particular terrorist band committed the atrocity, we have every reason to believe they sprang from a fanatical subculture of Islamic fundamentalism. But our enemy is not Islam, which created one of the world's great civilizations, nor is it the Arab or Iranian or Afghani peoples. Our enemy is the nihilism of this subculture.
The terrorist leaders claim to speak for Palestinians. But the grievances of that people, even if legitimate, cannot explain the motivation for this act, much less justify it. The terrorists claim to speak for the victims of Western imperialism. But any literal imperialism is a thing of the past, long since redressed by the wealth that Europe and America have showered on these countries. It is clearly not the military or political power but the cultural power of the West that they resent.
What makes them denounce America as the great Satan is nothing as superficial as Coca-Cola or blue jeans. It is our secular culture of freedom, reason, and the pursuit of happiness. They hate our individualism; what they want is an authoritarian society where thought and behavior are controlled by true believers. They hate capitalism as a system of trade, production, innovation, and progress; what they want is a return to a primitive mode of existence from which these "materialist" aspirations have been banished. They hate the political system of individual rights, the rule of law, and secular government; what they want is a tribal society ruled by The nihilist subculture is a worldwide phenomenon. We see it in the Japanese Aum Shinrikyo sect that released poison gas in the Tokyo subways. We see it in the hate-filled eyes of Christian killers in Northern Ireland. We see it in the eco-terrorists who spike trees and blow up electrical transmission towers. We see it in less murderous forms in the anti-globalization protesters who want to stifle international trade. We see it in the theorists of primitivism from Jean-Jacques Rousseau to the Unabomber.
Civilization has always attracted parasites who wanted to steal wealth from those who produce it. But this phenomenon is different. The nihilists do not seek wealth for themselves. They want to destroy the wealth of others. They do not seek freedom from domination. They want to abolish freedom. They do not seek a place at the table of world commerce. They want to smash the table. They do not seek a better life. They glory in death. They represent the worst form of envy, the most vicious form of human evil. They hate us not for our sins but for our virtues, and they will not be appeased.
The United States and its allies must cease the policy of trying to counter terrorism by negotiation. Negotiation is an exercise of reason that civilized people use to resolve their differences. We are not dealing with civilized people. We must cease the policy of excusing their violence by their poverty and trying to buy them off with subsidies. We are not dealing with people who seek such gain. We must declare war on the terrorists and use whatever force it takes to render them incapable of posing any further threat. In the early 1800s, Thomas Jefferson sent the United States navy to rid the Barbary coast of pirates. We urge President Bush and the Congress to undertake a similar campaign not merely against the perpetrators of this outrage but against every nest of terrorists who have declared themselves, by the death and destruction they have wrought, to be enemies of mankind.
In doing so, we will be acting in our own self-defense, with the moral authority of those who have been attacked. But we should understand and declare to the world that we are acting to preserve a world order on which civilized values depend, and civilized peoples everywhere must join in this cause.
* * *
) 2001 The Objectivist Center
Formerly the Institute for Objectivist Studies
For inquires about The Objectivist Center or sample copies of our brochure, catalog or newsletter, please send your postal address to toc Please send comments, questions, and suggestions about the website to webmaster Shawn Klein.
The Objectivist Center
11 Raymond Ave., Suite 31
Poughkeepsie, NY 12603
845-471-6100 (voice)
845-471-6195 (fax)
Distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in
receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-16 19:18:35
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Bush Gave The Taliban $43 Million 
US CA: Column: Bush's Faustian Deal With The Taliban
Pubdate: Tue, 22 May 2001
Source: Los Angeles Times (CA)
Copyright: 2001 Los Angeles Times
Contact: letters
Website: Author: Robert Scheer
Note: Robert Scheer Is a Syndicated Columnist.
BUSH'S FAUSTIAN DEAL WITH THE TALIBAN
Enslave your girls and women, harbor anti-U.S.  terrorists, destroy every vestige of civilization in your homeland, and the Bush administration will embrace you.  All that matters is that you line up as an ally in the drug war, the only international cause that this nation still takes seriously.
That's the message sent with the recent gift of $43 million to the Taliban rulers of Afghanistan, the most virulent anti-American violators of human rights in the world today.  The gift, announced last Thursday by Secretary of State Colin Powell, in addition to other recent aid, makes the U.S.  the main sponsor of the Taliban and rewards that "rogue regime" for declaring that opium growing is against the will of God.  So, too, by the Taliban's estimation, are most human activities, but it's the ban on drugs that catches this administration's attention.
Never mind that Osama bin Laden still operates the leading anti-American terror operation from his base in Afghanistan, from which, among other crimes, he launched two bloody attacks on American embassies in Africa in 1998.
Sadly, the Bush administration is cozying up to the Taliban regime at a time when the United Nations, at U.S.  insistence, imposes sanctions on Afghanistan because the Kabul government will not turn over Bin Laden.
The war on drugs has become our own fanatics' obsession and easily trumps all other concerns.  How else could we come to reward the Taliban, who has subjected the female half of the Afghan population to a continual reign of terror in a country once considered enlightened in its treatment of women.
At no point in modern history have women and girls been more systematically abused than in Afghanistan where, in the name of madness masquerading as Islam, the government in Kabul obliterates their fundamental human rights.  Women may not appear in public without being covered from head to toe with the oppressive shroud called the burkha , and they may not leave the house without being accompanied by a male family member.  They've not been permitted to attend school or be treated by male doctors, yet women have been banned from practicing medicine or any profession for that matter.
The lot of males is better if they blindly accept the laws of an extreme religious theocracy that prescribes strict rules governing all behavior, from a ban on shaving to what crops may be grown.  It is this last power that has captured the enthusiasm of the Bush White The Taliban fanatics, economically and diplomatically isolated, are at the breaking point, and so, in return for a pittance of legitimacy and cash from the Bush administration, they have been willing to appear to reverse themselves on the growing of opium.  That a totalitarian country can effectively crack down on its farmers is not surprising.  But it is grotesque for a U.S.  official, James P.  Callahan, director of the State Department's Asian anti-drug program, to describe the Taliban's special methods in the language of representative democracy: "The Taliban used a system of consensus-building," Callahan said after a visit with the Taliban, adding that the Taliban justified the ban on drugs "in very religious Of course, Callahan also reported, those who didn't obey the theocratic edict would be sent to prison.
In a country where those who break minor rules are simply beaten on the spot by religious police and others are stoned to death, it's understandable that the government's "religious" argument might be compelling.  Even if it means, as Callahan concedes, that most of the farmers who grew the poppies will now confront starvation.  That's because the Afghan economy has been ruined by the religious extremism of the Taliban, making the attraction of opium as a previously tolerated quick cash crop overwhelming.
For that reason, the opium ban will not last unless the U.S.  is willing to pour far larger amounts of money into underwriting the Afghan economy.
As the Drug Enforcement Administration's Steven Casteel admitted, "The bad side of the ban is that it's bringing their country--or certain regions of their country--to economic ruin." Nor did he hold out much hope for Afghan farmers growing other crops such as wheat, which require a vast infrastructure to supply water and fertilizer that no longer exists in that devastated country.  There's little doubt that the Taliban will turn once again to the easily taxed cash crop of opium in order to stay in power.
The Taliban may suddenly be the dream regime of our own war drug war zealots, but in the end this alliance will prove a costly failure.  Our long sad history of signing up dictators in the war on drugs demonstrates the futility of building a foreign policy on a domestic obsession.

@_date: 2001-09-15 03:38:58
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Infowar: Muslim Student News list Tampering 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  I've been getting the Muslim Student Association News mailing list (MSANEWS) for many years (it was created in 1991).  One of their editors used to subscribe to my mailing list and he lived nearby.  They went dead for about four hours this afternoon from about 2pm onward-  The message below details their view that their servers are being tampered with.  I tried to send a posting this afternoon titled "Anonymous Tip Web Link Now Available Worldwide to Report Information to U.S. Authorities" which came back with an error message.  They appear to be up and running again. MSANEWS Home Page:   , Comments to the Editors: , Submissions for MSANEWS:  , Problems with subscription:    ]
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-14 14:40:56
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Minaret of Freedom Institute-  libertarian Muslim's Statement 
"The Minaret of Freedom Institute condemns the apparent terrorist attacks
that have taken place this morning Tuesday, Sept. 11, 2001 and expresses our
sympathy to the victims and their families.  We call on American Muslims to
volunteer to give blood to assist at this time of crisis and need"
This Muslim libertarian site is an excellent resource for those wanting to
know about pro-liberty Muslim beliefs and activities. Among their declared
goals: "Counter distortions and misconceptions about Islamic beliefs and
practice; demonstrate the Islamic origins of modern values like the rule of
law and sciences like market economics; expose both American and
Islamic-world Muslims to free market thought; advance the status of Muslim
peoples maligned by a hostile environment in the West and oppressed by
repressive political regimes in the East."
Minaret of Freedom Institute / 4323 Rosedale Avenue / Bethesda, MD 20814
contact us: Minaret of Freedom Institute / mfi
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-13 19:35:20
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Sarah Thompson M.D.'s Response to Suicide Bombings 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor: Sarah Thompson is a psychiatrist in Salt Lake City]
The following was originally sent to the Utah Gun Owners Alliance email list.
Utah Gun Owners Alliance joins with all Utahns and all Americans in
mourning the terrible tragedies that occurred yesterday.  Our thoughts and
prayers go out to the dead, the injured, and their families - and to our
elected leaders who will be making some difficult decisions in the days and
months ahead.
While we feel obligated to point out that much of the carnage could have
been prevented by armed citizens, law enforcement officers, or sky
marshals, we also believe that there are no simplistic solutions to
terrorism.  Remember that ordinary ammunition is considered hazardous on an
airplane because it will penetrate the hull and lead to
depressurization.  And firing a gun in an extremely cramped and  crowded
plane also risks injury to innocent passengers.
More relevant is the fact that Americans have been indoctrinated to be good
victims.  We're told over and over again that we should never resist
criminals, that we should passively submit to being robbed, raped, mugged,
or hijacked.  Women's centers teach women not to fight back, even though
fighting back with a firearm is the most effective way to avoid
injury.  Employers require their employees to be disarmed, and to agree to
whatever a criminal demands.  Those of us who are willing to take
responsibility for our own safety are shunned, persecuted, and generally
made to feel like second class citizens who are not welcome in "civilized
The reason that a few hijackers armed only with knives and box cutters were
able to murder tens of thousands of innocent people is less a problem of
physically disarmed passengers, and more a problem of psychologically
disarmed passengers.
Had the passengers been taught that fighting back is the honorable and
appropriate response to thugs, things would likely have turned out
differently.  It now appears that this is exactly what happened on the
flight that crashed in Pennsylvania - the passengers attempted to subdue
the hijackers.  They gave their lives, but prevented the deaths of
countless others, and the possible destruction of Camp David, the White
House or the Capitol.  They upheld our proud tradition of American heroism.
In a pinch, pocket knives, cell phones, pens, books, laptop computers,
keys, etc. can all be used as weapons.  All that's needed is the will and
courage to fight back.
We do not say this to dishonor the dead, who almost certainly had no idea
of what the terrorists planned.  We're sure that had they known, they would
have willingly sacrificed their lives to save thousands of others.  We will
probably never know how many heroic people did exactly that.
But we must resolve - right here, right now - that we will stop our
idolatrous worship of safety above all else, and return to the values of
individual responsibility, community responsibility, courage, and
resistance to evil that made our nation great.
In the days and months ahead, we expect to see unprecedented attacks on our
G-d given rights - not just the right to keep and bear arms, but the rights
of free speech, of assembly, of privacy, of travel, and of due process.  We
expect to see calls for more gun control, more Carnivore type surveillance
of the internet, more wiretaps and surveillance of cell phone
traffic,  more warrantless searches and seizures, more face recognition
technology, more fingerprinting, more restrictions on peaceful assembly,
and increasing demands for some sort of high-tech method to track
everything each and every person does.
We must have the courage to oppose these attacks on our rights.  We cannot
preserve our freedom by destroying it.  If we allow the acts of vicious
criminals to turn the United States into a police state, they will have
won, and we will lose everything.
 "They that can give up
essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither
liberty nor safety".
Yesterday, President Bush said: "America was targeted for attack because
we're the brightest beacon for freedom and opportunity in the world.   And
no one will keep that light from shining."
We pray he keeps his word.
Not only must we not give up our essential liberty for false promises of
safety, we must ensure that our nation remains that "brightest beacon for
Utah Gun Owners Alliance suggests the following:
Write to your Congressman, Senators, and state legislators and let them
know that you are not willing to sacrifice your liberty for promises of
safety, and that you expect them to protect and defend our Constitution and
Bill of Rights.  Also let them know that so long as our government protects
our liberties, we will support them 100% in the difficult days ahead.
Check your preparedness status.  Do you have adequate food, water, medical
supplies, lighting, batteries, radios, and self defense equipment should
you need them?  We're not trying to be alarmist here, but we think citizens
have the obligation to be prepared to be useful and self sufficient in time
of crisis, rather than becoming additional burdens on social services.
Fly your flag!  It's simple, free, shows your support for our country, and
will encourage your neighbors to get into the patriotic spirit.
If you're in good enough health to donate blood, please give the gift of
life.  Also consider donating to the religious and charitable organizations
that are helping victims.  The American Red Cross web site has a lot of
information at Don't stoop to hatred based on anyone's nationality, ethnicity or
religion.  Justice is the most noble of human endeavors.  Bigotry is not.
Don't let terrorists define our nation, and make sure that those who died
did not die in vain!
Pray for wisdom, courage, and strength for the injured, the families of
victims, President Bush, our Congress, and all Americans.
May G-d bless America, land of the FREE, home of the BRAVE.
Copyright 2001
Sarah Thompson, M.D.
Subscribe to "The Righter", an intermittent column focusing on
civil liberties and individual action.
To subscribe please use the form at Permission to distribute granted so long as no changes are made
and this message is included.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-13 19:05:03
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: American Muslims being attacked and harassed 
Unfortunately I've been getting reports from around the US of American Muslims being attacked and harassed.  If you want to stay on top of the latest news I recommend that you subscribe to The Muslim Student Association News mailing list (MSANEWS).  The list is fairly high volume, but does contain most of the news and perspectives from the Muslim and Islamic communities worldwide.
To subscribe, send e-mail to:
 with the message
body "subscribe MSANEWS Firstname Lastname".
MSANEWS Home Page:   Comments to the Editors:   Submissions for MSANEWS:   Problems with subscription:   Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-13 17:38:02
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: The WTC was designed by the late Minoru Yamasaki 
Fire is what brought the towers down. An engineer friend explained that after a fire burns for awhile, the steel holding up the structure softens. When it fails, the part above falls with impact on the part below, which causes progressive collapse of the building, or pancaking, as one floor crunches onto the next onto the next. Once one floor goes there is no stopping it.
The World Trade Center was likely designed to last 1-2 hours in a major fire, long enough for most people to evacuate. The tower that fell first lasted 57 minutes, in a fire driven by 100,000 pounds of jet fuel. No one anticipated that part when the building was designed, and there is no way to build a building to withstand such an event. The TV newscasters who keep asking what could have been done to make the buildings more resistant should go home.
An astonishing thing is the way the towers collapsed straight down. As horrifying as that was, imagine how much more damage and loss of life there would have been would have been if they had tipped over like falling trees, landing on surrounding buildings for a quarter A building demolition expert interviewed on NPR said that what made the disciplined collapse possible was the external skeleton, the girders that lined the edges of the towers. These girders contained the collapse. The expert considered this an extraordinary achievement by the architect.
The World Trade Center was designed by the late Minoru Yamasaki, at the firm of Skilling, Ward, Magnusson and Barkshire, in Seattle. You have to think it's good he didn't live to see this. The rest of his firm is said to be shock, as are the employees of Boeing, whose engineers are acutely aware of the destructive energy contained in a 767 going three hundred miles an hour and full of fuel.
A few random notes:
This attack seems different from Pearl Harbor in the same way that the Vietnam War seemed different to fight than previous wars, which is that the enemy did not stand up and "fight like a man," but rather was hidden, hard to find, and devious, as well as surprising. The British felt the same way about the American "irregulars" in the revolutionary war. They felt we weren't fighting fairly or properly. In all three cases, one side deliberately ignored the "code of war" of the time to powerful effect.
In this way the definition of war changes. It just changed again, whether we like it or not. Whatever we do to retaliate risks an escalation of terrorist-style attacks on American citizens. We will not get to watch our distant military on newsreels and TV like the old days.
One of the things that makes this scary is that we have found a bomb, and it is everywhere. Every plane is a terrific bomb for a pilot who is willing to die.
This attack has been called cowardly. That's silly. It was no more cowardly than flying a stealth fighter loaded with smart bombs into Iraq, when by the same definition the uncowardly thing would have been to ride in on a camel with a broadsword.
The plane that crashed in Pennsylvania was headed for Washington but the plan was foiled by the passengers who had heard what the planes did in New York. Bravo. Instead of banning knives, perhaps we should issue one to every passenger on all commercial flights.
This attack was a huge failure of American military intelligence.
This attack points up the value of an unworkable and insanely expensive missile defense system. For those of you who are sleepy, that value would be zero.
Bush said that we were attacked because we believe in freedom. This is not why we were attacked. There is much about the execution of our foreign policy that rarely makes it into US news reports. If you have lived abroad for more than a few months, you have seen this. If not, it is educational to talk to someone who has. At the same time, nearly all Arabs and other Muslims abhor terrorism. The Arab-Americans I know are as dismayed and horrified as we are.
Our airport security has always been a joke. My dad's crutches were consistently handed around the inspection points by the nice people working there. All I could think was how much explosive or how many knives and zip guns I could have packed into each crutch, while they were busy making business travelers go through their briefcases.
It is hard to fight people who believe they will achieve martyrdom and go to heaven following a suicide attack for their cause. It is an impossible stretch for us to understand how our enemy thinks when it is that different from how we think. It is difficult to protect yourself from someone who does not value his life on this earth.
Of course fight them we shall. No one gets to do what they did. We need to start by repealing some laws, like the one that says we can't use intelligence agents to infiltrate groups with human rights violations (which wizard thought up that one?), and the one that says we can't assassinate heads of state. We must not try to bring anyone to trial. We must be as surgical as possible, to minimize the loss of innocent life that would would be both a new tragedy and a fuel for escalation. I support Bush's plan to treat harboring states and helpers as indistinguishable from the terrorists themselves.
Above all, we must not rush. There is no advantage or need to hurry. We must take our time, learn everything we need to learn, make no mistake. And then it will be time to execute.
I regret that that will not be the end of it.

@_date: 2001-09-13 16:19:10
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Let's launch an 'all-armed, all-smoking' airline 
FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
     FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED OCT. 10, 1999
     THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
     Let's launch an 'all-armed, all-smoking' airline
     A number of readers wrote in response to my column of Oct. 3, about
bored functionaries "randomly" rooting through my laundry and personal
effects even after my bags have cleared our now-standard metal detectors
and X-ray machines.
   Many noted that private airlines have a right of private contract, which
should allow them to set any such requirements they please, since we
passengers always have the right to patronize another airline.
   I'm familiar with the argument for freedom of voluntary contract. In this
case, it's purest steer manure.
   Suppose I raised $100 million and proposed to start AirGanja, "America's
only all-armed, all-smoking airline"? I'd beef up my on-board air
conditioning so I could advertise that our air quality is better than our
competitors' even if the passengers on either side of you choose to
chain-smoke cigars. My "flight attendants" would hand out free marijuana in
First Class once airborne, and politely offer each boarding passenger a
metal magazine (or revolver speed-loader) full or any caliber ammo they
choose, urging them to reload their weapons for the duration of the flight
with my special color-coded frangible rounds, designed to blow the head off
any hijacker without penetrating our pressure cabins.
   (Needless to say, "controlled" drugs could not be used until we're
airborne, at which point we're out of the jurisdiction of any local
prohibitionist deviants -- the precedent already having been set by the
fact that no airline today will refuse to sell you a cocktail while they're
passing over the dry counties of Texas or Tennessee.)
   Of course, I'd charge a 15 percent premium for these improved services.
Either I'd grow rich -- forcing my competitors to start offering some of
the same options and services -- or, if my idea proved unpopular with the
paying public, I'd go bankrupt.
   That would be a free market in air travel, and you would indeed remain
free to choose a "non-smoking, no guns," strip-search airline (if that
somehow makes you feel safer) instead of mine.
   Chance the FAA would allow me to launch such a competing service? Pinch
yourself; you're dreaming.
   If such suggestions now sound absurd, it's only because we've forgotten
what it was like to live in a free country. The average train passenger in
1912 could easily have found herself seated opposite a fellow passenger
armed with a loaded revolver (concealed or otherwise), smoking an Indian
hemp cigarette, and carrying a hip flask of laudanum. In fact, your
great-grandmother would probably have felt somewhat more secure under such
circumstances, knowing this fellow American was prepared to resist any
attempted train robbery, as well as to provide a sip of cough syrup should
the baby (your grandfather) grow fretful.
   The fact that we find it unthinkable today that an airline might be
allowed any such options only means we have grown used to living under a
burgeoning variety of fascism, an economic system in which private
corporations are allowed to keep private title to their properties and
extract certain after-tax profits (providing they don't grow large enough
to attract the attention of the "Anti-Trust Division"), but where all
substantive decisions about routes, "security," and so forth are actually
made on a "one-size-fits-all" basis by unelected government functionaries.
   To argue any part of the current scenario is a true "voluntary, free
contract" between passenger and airline is like saying the Todt
Organization's slave laborers in various cannon works in Nazi Germany had
no right to blame the government for their plight, since they'd entered
into a "voluntary contract" with their employer.
   ("Volunteer for this labor contract, or go to the death camps. Choose
   "Voluntary contract," indeed. I'm free "to not use their service" -- and
try to find a passenger train with regular service from Colorado Springs to
Las Vegas? And how long do you think we'll be free from having our luggage
searched and being require to show our "government-issued photo ID" on the
trains and highways?
   Whoops. "Random highway checkpoint" stops are already part of the War on
Drugs, aren't they? And reporter P.L. Wyckoff of The Newark (N.J.)
Star-Ledger reported this week:
   "They haven't attracted the attention that drug searches on the New
Jersey Turnpike and other highways have. But charges of racial profiling
are being leveled on another busy battlefield in the drug war -- the
nation's trains and train stations.
  "Larry Bland, a black Bethesda, Md., resident, says he had just walked off
a train in Richmond, Va., in July when police told him they needed to
search his bag because drugs were coming through the station and he 'fit
the profile.'
  "Carlos A. Hernandez, a former Newark, N.J., policeman, believes he was
singled out for a tense drug search of his Amtrak sleeper cabin coming back
from Miami that same month simply because his name is Hispanic. ...
  "Civil libertarians and attorneys say that, whatever the truth for Bland
and Hernandez, such cases are widespread. ... 'That is really just a sliver
of what's going on out there,' said David Harris, a University of Toledo
law professor who prepared a national report for the American Civil
Liberties Union on racial profiling on the highways.
   "Train searches 'have been going on for a long time,' agrees Georgetown
law professor David Cole. ..."
Vin Suprynowicz, assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal, is author of the new new book, "Send in the Waco Killers,"
available at 1-800-244-2224 or via web site
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-12 01:23:55
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Eyewitness Account Of The WTC Attack: A Hard Rain By Jonathan 
Every morning these days I take the subway from Brooklyn Heights to the World Trade Center, where I catch the PATH train to Newark. I arrived at WTC at 9 this morning, exited the subway and walked through the long underground passageway to WTC One. Usually there is a violinist there, and he often is playing the Godfather theme around the time I get there. I didn't notice him this morning.
I could tell something was going on by the way people were milling around, and by the unusual crush of people trying to exit to the street up a staircase not usually so crowded. A uniformed subway employee was standing there, telling us we could not proceed through the door to the World Trade Center, and for a public official directing human traffic, she was unusually hysterical: "There are terrorists....go back that way," gesturing towards the subway. And most of the crowd started off obediently back towards the trains.
At that moment the people going up the stairs began running down the stairs back into the passageway. I decided to go upstairs, against the flow, partly out of idiot curiosity, partly because if something was happening I felt safer in the open than in a tin can in a narrow On the street, I could see that WTC One was burning from its upper stories; curlicues of paper were floating down, glittering in the light, an eerily beautiful and incongruous effect. I saw people running past, some of them crying, as I stood immobilized, watching the flames.
Then there was an explosion, and fragments of glass rained down on my head. I saw a huge hole in the roof of a building two blocks from World Trade Center. I thought there were incoming projectiles of some kind, missiles or mortars, and began running away from the burning buildings, up Church Street to Chambers, wondering what would blow up next. At some point, as emergency vehicles sped past with screaming sirens towards the disaster, I concluded that the best thing I could do was make a run for the Brooklyn Bridge and walk home to Brooklyn Heights, so I headed that way down Chambers. My brain was clicking over very quickly: the municipal buildings might be another target, and I had to pass close to them to get to the bridge; or terrorists might blow up a van in the middle of the bridge itself and try to bring it down with the hundreds of people crossing it on foot, escaping lower Manhattan.
There's another click that happens: fuck it, I could blow up anywhere, I'm just going to do the best I can. I hesitated a moment at the entry to the bridge,  watching the two towers burning, thinking about the people who were dying and suffering there. A van, driven by two Arab-looking men, proceeded slowly onto the bridge; I let it get far ahead of me then started to walk, looking back over my shoulder repeatedly at the burning towers.
Someone behind me shouted, "There are people jumping!" and I turned to see a black dot, almost certainly a human dot, fall from the top of a tower.
I was on the bridge about a half-hour. The lane into Manhattan was closed to everything but emergency vehicles but the roadway to Brooklyn was packed with cars, some of them stopping midway on the bridge while the occupants got out to look at the flames. I heard a bang and flinched around to see that a driver opening his door had hit a motorcycle, throwing its riders to the ground; motorcyclist and driver started screaming into each other's faces in typical New York style--"You shouldn't have been white-lining!"--an expression I had never heard before.
A few minutes after I got home I was watching live coverage on CNN as World Trade Center 2 collapsed, then building 1 a few minutes later.
This afternoon a report that no attempt is being made to search the wreckage of the building looking for survivors until the fires burn out....Two hundred firefighters are missing, and 78 police. No-one will even venture to say how many people total are entombed in the wreckage tonight.
I went to give blood at an over-whelmed Red Cross center where they sent us away and told us to come back in a few hours.  But when I came back they had run out of supplies and closed, as had the other center in the neighborhood.
I am watching the endless recycling of the same news on CNN. Where is our government? With the exception of the White House counsel, who gave a brief press conference, the only talking heads on CNN are ex-government types; they found Henry Kissinger, but the President, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense are all in hiding, perhaps in some simalacrum of the War Room from Dr. Strangelove: "Gentlemen, you can't fight here, Its the War Room."
  Right now an expert on CNN is saying, "The plane was the bomb." The terms of reference changed today. Planes are bombs, the World Trade Center can fall, and the President is hiding. The police and firefighters, who are supposed to rescue us, are standing by and letting the flames burn out because it is too dangerous to go in.
I thought of Bob Dylan: the glass I picked out of my hair an hour later was a hard rain.
I've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests,
I've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans,
I've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard,
And it's a hard, and it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard,
And it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.
I'm left with a few mixed, jangling thoughts. As I wrote in last month's Spectacle,  why bother building the National Missile Defense, a classic example of fighting the last war, when the next war--the current war--will be fought using our own planes as bombs?
I think that monsters exist among us. Considering how easy it turned out to be to bring down the federal building in Oklahoma City with a truckful of fertilizer, the only reason more people haven't done something like it is because we have some sort of internal governor that makes most of us not want to. And planes haven't previously been used as bombs this way because people who could fly them were restrained, possibly by this governor, and possibly by a stronger one, the desire not to die. But the governors are weaker than they were, while the technology gets stronger. CNN kept reporting that the Trade Center buildings were built to resist a hit from a 707, but when 737's and 767's were invented, there was no way to upgrade them.
But we are not unresponsible for the monsters; they are responsible for themselves, certainly, as moral actors, but we did our part in their creation. We funded and trained the Afghanistan resistance against the Russians, who later turned on us; but more than that, when we squeeze people and crush them, make them live in humiliation and without the air and water, autonomy and self respect necessary to sustain them as humans, we make monsters. Any chaotic outsider on the margins can kill himself in order to take out others, but when the first Israeli Arab fifty-three year old politician does it (as happened last week) or the first pilot does it (as happened today) we must take notice.
What happens next I don't really know, but I know what I fear: that we will embark, like the Israelis and Palestinians, on a mindless spasm of killing and counter-killing;  that civil liberties and freedom of speech will be curtailed; that the president, with his powerful backers, his deer-in-the-headlights look and his primitive philosophy, will not see the line before crossing it, or won't care.
Getting out of Manhattan this morning, out from the shadow of the burning towers, was like a walk in the park, compared to what I think is going to come.
I tried to read this morning's newspaper this afternoon, but the pre-bombing news seemed irrelevant, like news from twenty years ago.
[Note from Matthew Gaylor: Jonathan Wallace is a long time subscriber to Freematt's Alerts, a NYC Software executive and publisher of The Ethical Spectacle  ]
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-11 16:08:35
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: L. Neil Smith On Morning of Horror 9-11-01 
MORNING OF HORROR
By L. Neil Smith Special to _The Libertarian Enterpise_
     First of all, expect never to learn the truth about what happened
at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and elsewhere this morning of
September 11, 2001, any more than we did with regard to the murders of
Jack and Bobby Kennedy, Martin Luther King, at Ruby Ridge, Waco, or
Oklahoma City. Ambiguity and uncertainty serve far too many political
     Another certainty is that, although I'm told 50,000 people worked
in the World Trade Center, more innocent individuals will die as a
result of what the Old Media are lovingly referring to as a "lockdown"
of Manhattan and other places, than any acts of terrorism that may have
occurred. The military has just said they'll shoot down any plane they
see flying. Only one civilian plane is in the air this morning, Air
Force One; that's as grim a warning of things to come as I can think
     "Collateral" deaths won't just happen as a consequence, say, of
somebody with a heart attack being unable to get to a hospital, but
whenever and wherever some dumb kid in an army uniform gets startled
by a car backfiring and starts spraying everybody and his pet poodle
with automatic rifle fire. Or to whomever the martial lawyers decide
it's safe to liquidate using this foul mess as a cover. Or, vastly
more ominously, to people in the not-so-distant future who decide they
must resist the police state that will inevitably result from these
     It's extremely difficult to think coherently about long term
effects, let alone to get it all down in writing, when you learn that,
not only were hijacked commercial aircraft used to commit these
unspeakably evil acts, but that 90 passengers died helplessly in the
first plane, and others yet unnumbered may have died in subsequent
attacks. _Somebody_ has to think about it, though, or this situation
will be used to turn the Bill of Rights off forever. Depending on the
planning behind it, or who did the planning, it may already be too
     All airports have been shut down today, and I shudder to think
about what flying will be like from now on. The Clintons, Schumers,
and Waxmans will try to shut down the Internet, calling it a breeding
ground for terrorism. The Bushes and Cheneys will "reluctantly" go
     Rush Limbaugh will cheer them on.
     What should those who value their freedom do? Every chance you
have, from this moment on, whether it's on talk radio, or on the
letters to the editor page, on the Internet while it's still possible,
or in communication with everyone you know -- it's time for even the
most apolitical to write to senators and congressmen -- emphasize two
     First, inform them that closing down the First or Second or any
other Amendment is not an appropriate response to what's happened, and
that any politician or bureaucrat in office who attempts to capitalize
on today's horrors is committing the same sort of blatantly criminal
act I've always insisted must be punished under Bill of Rights
     Second, these things happen to nations with imperial ambitions.
There has never been a major act of terrorism I know of that hasn't
resulted from an act of government that violated somebody's rights. The
way to keep this sort of thing from  happening again is to stop those
     Hideously enough, my new novel _The American Zone_, scheduled to
be published next November by Tor Books, begins with an act very
similar to this one, carried out to force the creation of a strong
central government in the governmentless "North American Confederacy"
that figures in so many of my books. As anybody who knows my work can
safely predict, the evil scheme doesn't work and the villains are
     Life isn't as predictably pleasant as fiction. Happy endings are
few and far between. But it's important to act swiftly if we're to
preserve anything resembling the freedom that made this civilization
     Pass the word.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-09 21:35:17
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: More (Was Re: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change) 
SEX DIARIST HAD GOOD COUNSEL, HIS FORMER LAWYER SAYS
Friday, September 7, 2001
NEWS   01F
By Tim Doulin
Dispatch Staff Reporter 	Illustration: Photo
If Brian Dalton hopes to have his conviction for pandering obscenity thrown out, his new attorneys will have to prove he received poor legal counsel.
But the attorney who represented Dalton said that wasn't the case. "With all the facts that I know, I believe he was effectively represented,'' said Isabella Dixon, Dalton's original attorney.
As part of a plea agreement, Dalton, 22, pleaded guilty on July 3 to creating a journal in which he describes in detail the torture and sexual molestation of children. Dalton said the writings were fictional and were never distributed to anyone. Still, Franklin County Common Pleas Judge Nodine Miller convicted him of pandering obscenity involving a minor and sentenced him to seven years in The case shocked lawyers who specialize in First Amendment and obscenity law.
                                                  ~~~
FreeOhio- Defiant Defenders of Individual Liberty.
Subscribe to FreeOhio for news and opinion about freedom in the Buckeye State.  Subscribing is fast, easy and free.  Simply send a message to freeohio-subscribe
                                                 ~~~

@_date: 2001-09-12 15:31:39
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  Are any sound files of this 911 call available?]
 From the Chicago Tribune
911 call preceded fiery Pennsylvania crash
Frantic passenger relates hijacking via cell phone
By Julia Keller and Jon Yates, Tribune staff reporters. Tribune news services contributed to this report
September 12, 2001
LAMBERTSVILLE, Pa. -- The call came at 9:58 a.m., a frantic message from a passenger aboard United Airlines Flight 93, on a wayward path over western Pennsylvania.
Dan Stevens, spokesman for the Westmoreland County Department of Public Safety, said a dispatcher received a 911 call from a man aboard the flight just before 10 a.m. EDT. The man, calling from a cell phone, told the dispatcher the plane had been hijacked.
"He repeated that phrase several times," Stevens said.
The man told dispatchers the plane "was going down," said Glenn Cramer, a dispatching supervisor at the call center. "He said he heard some sort of explosion and saw white smoke coming from the plane." Officials said the call cut off after about one minute.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-13 04:02:29
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: J. Neil Schulman On I can't take it anymore .... 
X-Accept-Language: en
My friends,
I had intended to remain silent to allow a decent period of mourning, in
the aftermath of the American tragedy that is now, evidently, a
well-planned lethal foreign attack against Americans on 911 Tuesday,
America's second Day of Infamy.
But I just saw Senator Kay Bailey Hutchinson being interviewed by Neil
Cavuto on Fox News, and she was suggesting that it was "ridiculous for
Americans to have to go into protective mode" when they board an
aircraft. She wants us to sit quietly when we board, secure in the
knowledge that there's a sky marshall on board.
How did the people of Texas, the heirs of Sam Houston and Colonel Davy
Crockett, elect this sissy?
I told you so, I told you so, I told you so!
I've been saying it as loudly as I could for over ten years. I've
written books and articles, spoke on radio and TV, gave speeches.
If you disarm the people -- if you make them give up their guns when
they get on a plane, go into a post office, get taken out to the ball
game -- then there will never be enough police officers to go around
when the bad guys decide to strike, without warning, at a time and place
of their own choosing.
The jetliners that took down the World Trade Center, a city of 50,000
daytime inhabitants, and that exploded into the very military
headquarters of the world's only remaining superpower, were taken over
by a few thugs with boxcutters.
If the airline pilots had guns this couldn't have happened.
If the flight attendants had guns this couldn't have happened.
If local police officers who fly were allowed to carry their guns with
them, warned only to switch to frangible ammunition, this couldn't have
If I -- or someone like me --  a fat middle-aged American couch potato,
but with police-quality training in firearms, had been allowed to carry
my Glock 23 pistol on one of these flights, this couldn't have happened.
But what is the solution of the big brains in charge of our national
security? Yes, you got it. This is not a joke. Before you get on a
plane, they want to take away your pen knives, nail clippers, and
boxcutters! This new FAA regulation goes into effect before they will
allow commercial flights to even take off.
If you still are one of those who believe in petitioning the government
for a redress of grievances, please let your duly-elected public servant
know what you think of Americans who board airliners being treated even
more like cattle than they are already. Ask them how many Americans must
die before they intend to allow us to defend our lives.
Write anyone else you think might listen. Call talk radio. Post Internet
messages on the major news websites. Call, write, and email anyone in
the media you know personally.
Call and write Attorney General Ashcroft and White House presidential
advisor Karl Rove.
Attorney General John Ashcroft   (Dear General Ashcroft)
Main Justice Bldg. Room 1603
Constitution Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20530
Mr. Karl Rove                    (Dear Mr. Rove)
Sr. Advisor to the President
The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
Washington, DC 20500
We have no time to mourn. We have our loved ones and neighbors to
defend, before the next thug with a grievance makes them the next
target. Have we not already been told by the President of the United
States that we are at war with terrorists?
J. Neil Schulman, author
Stopping Power: Why 70 Million Americans Own Guns
Webmaster, The World Wide Web Gun Defense Clock
"The other rain is sunshine."
--J. Neil Schulman, July 21, 2000
EaZychair.com: Tangleweed.com: Pulpless.Com Book Catalog: The World According to J. Neil Schulman: The World Wide Web Gun Defense Clock: Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-13 20:32:50
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: CNN Using 1991 Footage of Celebrating Palestinians? 
CNN Using 1991 Footage of Celebrating Palestinians
Can anyone verify this?
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-14 17:43:58
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Ann Coulter Final Solution? 
Ann Coulter's solution as suggested in her column of September 14, 2001 "This is war"  Located at: Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-14 19:43:49
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Flight 93 Questions 
WAS UNITED AIRLINES FLIGHT 93 SHOT DOWN BY U.S. FIGHTER?
  (c) 9/14/01 Ian Williams Goddard
  Yesterday (9/13/01) a Reuters report stated that the FBI
  cannot rule out that hijacked Flight 93 was shot down by
  a US fighter jet before it crashed in Pennsylvania. [1]
  Citing indications of a shoot down, the report states:
     "Pennsylvania state police officials said on
     Thursday debris from the plane had been found
     up to 8 miles away [from the crash site] in a
     residential community where local media have
     quoted residents as speaking of a second plane
     in the area and burning debris falling from the sky."
  Finding debris miles from the crash site indicates that the
  aircraft was disintegrating well before it hit the ground,
  as would be the case if the other plane witnesses saw shot
  it down. The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reports that the debris
  found miles from the crash site included "clothing, books,
  papers and what appeared to be human remains." [2] The
  secretary of defense says Flight 93 was not shot down.[3]
  While major media have widely reported that a frantic 911
  call was made from Flight 93 stating "We are being hijacked,
  We are being hijacked," a local Pennsylvania paper reports
  that the passenger also reported hearing an explosion and
  seeing smoke coming from the plane, consistent with a shoot
  down. As the Somerest, PA paper The Daily American states:
     "[A] passenger locked in a bathroom aboard United
     Flight 93 called the 911 ... 'We are being hijacked,
     we are being hijacked!' dispatch supervisor Glenn
     Cramer from Westmoreland County quoted the man from
     a transcript of the call. The man told dispatchers
     the plane 'was going down. He heard some sort of
     explosion and saw white smoke coming from the
     plane and we lost contact with him,' Cramer said." [4]
  So we have (1) witness accounts of a second plane in the
  area, (2) burning debris falling, (3) debris falling up to
  8 miles from the crash site, (4) human remains falling miles
  from the crash site, and (5) reports from a passenger that
  an explosion was heard near the plane and white smoke was
  coming from the plane. Do these facts support early reports
  that Flight 93 was shot down by a US fighter jet? Could the
  the terrorists have smuggled in and detonated a bomb? At the
  least these facts appear to be inconsistent with the leading
  scenario being played in the media that the plane crashed as
  a result of a struggle for control on board the doomed flight.
  Assuming the aircraft was shot down, under the circumstances
  -- other hijackers reasonably connected to the hijackers on
  Flight 93 using other jets to cause massive casualties on the
  ground -- it would be difficult to define the act unethical.
  Indeed, it would have arguably been an heroic act. However,
  the wrong would be lying to the public about what happened.
  ___________________________________________________________
  [1] Reuters: FBI Cannot Rule Out Shootdown of Penn.
  Plane. By David Morgan. September 13, 2001.
    h/nm/20010913/ts/attack_pennsylvania_dc_4.html
  [2] Pittsburg Post-Gazette: Investigators locate 'black box'
  from Flight 93; widen search area in Somerset crash. By T.
  Gibb, J. O'Toole, C. Lash. September 13, 2001.
    [3] Pittsburg Post-Gazette: Somerset crash scene searched;
  'hero' may have aborted terror mission. By T. Gibb, C. Lash
  J. O'Toole. September 12, 2001. Can't reaquire URL via search.
  [4] Daily American: International terror touches
  Somerset County. By Sandra Lepley.
    ==============================================================
  COMING SOON TO AN INTERNET NEAR YOU:   ==============================================================
  Unless that one also disappears. Network Solutions "lost" my
  domain "IanGoddard.com" that I registered first and paid for.
  Shortly after NS lost it someone else came and registered it.
  I've sent NS my record of transaction and credit-card receipt,
  yet they refuse to respond to my requests for an explanation.
  I'll bet they would never lose the domains for CNN or CBSNews.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-17 16:13:30
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Brazil Parliament Votes To Allow Air Passengers To Carry 
Hi Matt,
I've read into the Jornal do Brasil site and others (O Globo [1] and
Terra[2]) and don't see any mention of the new legislation.  I'll check w/
family in Brazil but if you get further word and could spread the word that
would be great.
[1] [2] Carlos Macedo Gomes
_sic itur ad astra_
I haven't heard anything like that around here. Ive searched JB and have found nothing to that respect. Furthermore, it seems a bit unBrazilian to take such a stance. Brazilian nationals do not have a Constitutional Right to bear arms ( not even for a well-regulated militia) and there has been a clear legislative movement towards restricting as much as possible the use / permission to use / purchase of firearms. Some time ago there was a bill introduced in the Brazilian Congress seeking to ban all civilian firearms, except for rural citizens rifles.
Even it the news was true, it would be the fastest ever action ever from Congress. The Brazilian Congress simply is not able to legislate that fast. The only way to introduce legislation with such urgency is by Provisional Measures, which is somewhat like an Executive Order. The President passes a Provisional Measure, which has the same efficacy of law during 60 days; during that period congress must confirm or deny the Measure. If confirmed, it is converted into law.
Daniel Fabio Jacob Nogueira, LL.M.
Brazilian  Attorney
X-Sender: gbroiles/mail.speakeasy.org
I'm really skeptical about this - handguns are generally banned in Brazil, so it seems really unlikely that they'd suddenly be permitted aboard airlines - a policy change that radical and that fast seems too good to be true.
I searched on Yahoo's Brazilian news - see  looking for "pistola" or "revolver" and couldn't find any mention of the change, though I did find some news stories about local shootings, and about how some US residents are buying guns because of the WTC attacks. (My mother-in-law is Brazilian, so I get some exposure to Portugese, but am far from Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-17 14:55:48
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Brazil Parliament Votes To Allow Air Passengers To Carry 
It is being widely reported that the Brazilian parliament has voted 234 for, 6 against to allow passengers on airplanes to carry firearms of .38 caliber or less.  Details are said to be located at .  I've sent an info request to my Brazilian and Portuguese speaking subscribers to Freematt's Alerts for confirmation and additional newslinks.
Details to follow.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-20 16:56:26
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Why the Palestinian Candy Story Was Believed 
There are reasons why alleged urban legends such as when CNN filmed the Palestinian candy celebration are believed.  It is in part due to an innate distrust of government and the fact that governments do engage in propaganda and disinformation campaigns.
"The Pentagon is a master at deception campaigns aimed at the news media. They constantly broadcast disinformation to television and radio audiences in Haiti, Serbia, Colombia, Mexico and elsewhere."
Most of us should remember the mini-flap (Which should have been much larger) when it was revealed that the US Army's psychological operations units intern at CNN. Now "Ha'aretz Daily" reports that an Israel Defence Force (IDF) film crew was dispatched to film candy being handed out in East Jerusalem and the Palestinian newspaper "Jerusalem Times" reports that the candy shop owner was paid for the candy by the IDF.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-20 18:57:21
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: What might have happened on Sept. 11... 
What might have happened on Sept. 11 if this were truly The Land of the Free:
Go to the above url to view a cartoon created by Scott Bieser, proprietor of Liberty Artworx .
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-21 04:20:44
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: somewhat encouraging... 
The only other place I'm aware of is in Austin.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-21 17:12:27
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: PGP author under fire for terrorist use of crypto 
Don't know if this is of interest or not.  It appears that Phil Zimmermann
is taking heat directly over the whole crypto - terrorist thing.
Details at:

@_date: 2001-09-25 22:10:45
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Clueless CATO Institute Thinks Ban On Knives A Good Thing 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  I usually highly recommend the CATO Institute as they nearly always take a principled pro-freedom stand on the issues.  Below is an exception.  CATO's Ivan Eland writes that "The ban against sharp metal objects (i.e., knives) aboard aircraft is a good one."  Making airline passengers an even more inviting target is not something that strikes me as smart idea let alone a pro-freedom market liberal ideal.  In the early 1960s American airline passengers could carry firearms on their carry on luggage-  A period that didn't see hijackings I might add.  It was only after government regulation via the FAA that effectively emasculated personal defense from both the pilots and passengers have we seen in flight terrorism.  If you're disappointed with CATO's position I suggest you contact CATO Executive VP David Boaz . Or write or call the Cato Institute, 1000 Massachusetts Avenue, N.W. Washington D.C. 20001-5403, Phone (202) 842-0200, Fax (202) 842-3490]
Don't Give Bin Laden Total Victory
by Ivan Eland , Director of Defense Policy Studies, Cato Institute
The monstrous and despicable attacks on the Pentagon and World Trade Center have given the terrorists two victories. We must prevent them from gaining a third.
The first victory-achieving mass casualties-was obtained with a nefarious, but deft, lightning strike that converted ordinary airliners into explosive, building-busting weapons. The second victory was achieved by inducing first panic, and then fear, into the American public through the publicity that the attacks received.
The first two victories were wrought by the terrorists' own efforts but whether they achieve a third victory is up to us. As bad as the mass casualties and widespread fear were, the worst and most long lasting scar from the attacks could be an alteration of the American way of life. Politically, the United States is the freest nation on earth. Our citizens enjoy freedoms unmatched anywhere in the world. If the attacks result in the curtailment of American civil liberties in the name of increased security, the terrorists' triumph will be Added airport security might be needed but the measures chosen should not be applied in a broad and draconian way to show that the U.S. government is "doing something" about the problem of terrorism. The government's tendency to overdo its response to crises is well known. For example, after the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center and the 1995 poison gas attack on the Tokyo subway, Congress passed the draconian Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996. That law reduced civil liberties but did not institute measures that would have prevented those types of attacks.
Instead, any new airport security provisions adopted should specifically help address the threat. The ban against sharp metal objects (i.e., knives) aboard aircraft is a good one. The bans on electronic ticketing and curbside check-in seem to be an example of government measures that have only a tangential relationship to the problem of hijacking. The apparent justification for them is that terrorists might opt for other means of attack if hijacking with knives is denied to them. If that is the case, then maybe we should prohibit all air travel.
Although the public's desire for increased security is understandable, security measures should not be so onerous that air travel becomes a nightmare. If the speed limit on the highways were reduced to 5 miles per hour, many lives could be saved but our society would grind to a halt (or at least slow down dramatically). In anything we do in life, we take some risk. Despite the heat of the moment, terrorist attacks and airplane hijackings are still rare Terrorism is like water flowing in a stream-it follows the path of least resistance. Like moving water, which flows around rocks, logs and other obstacles, terrorists will change their tactics to move around defenses and attack the weakest point. Terrorism, perpetrated by loose associations of small shadowy groups, also is hard for intelligence agencies to detect and is therefore difficult to stop. We can only institute so many security measures to prevent terrorism before the burden to an open society is too great.
Therefore, in the long-term, when the dust settles after the predictable and justifiable military response to this heinous act, we should ask ourselves why the United States is the target of almost 50 percent of the world's terrorism. That percentage is high for a nation that is half a world away from most of the world's conflicts, has no ongoing civil war, and has no hostile neighbors. We should also ask ourselves whether increased security or intelligence gathering would trash the civil liberties that make the United States unique and great. That would be the greatest victory for Bin Laden and probably the most long lasting tragedy for America.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-26 13:04:53
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: RE: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Hello Aimee,
Who might the "we" include?  You and who else?
But to comment on your statement-  Have you ever viewed the after action notes of FBI HRT member Lon Horiuchi after he shot Vicki Weaver in the head while holding her infant daughter?  Horiuchi's diagram of what he saw clearly shows the outline of Vicki in the doorway to their cabin- (Made on a hotel notepad.)  A clear indication that Horiuchi did in fact target her and not hit her by accident as alleged in the official report.
I'd have respect for the Bureau if they upheld the constitution and the rule of law over the blue wall of silence.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-26 01:42:27
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: RE: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
I personally don't answer my door unless I recognize them.  Of course I realize that I'm missing scintillating conversation with Mormons, Jehovah Witnesses and the occasional vacuum cleaner salesman.
Making yourself generally unavailable should be your first line of defense.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-25 22:35:28
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Title: Op-Ed in today's LA Daily News: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking...
By: Dr. Riad Z. Abdelkarim
Email: RiadZuhdi
                              Tuesday, September 25, 2001
When the FBI guys come knocking, it's the worst of times
By Riad Z. Abdelkarim
    The  ring  at  my  doorbell  that Sunday afternoon was
    innocent enough. I set aside my laptop computer and my
    half-eaten Chicken McNuggets and went to the door.
    When  I  first  peered out and saw two sharply dressed
    men in business suits and dark sunglasses, I thought I
    was  being  visited  by  a  pair of friendly Jehovah's
    Witnesses.
    As I opened the door, however, it struck me that these
    men  were  a bit older than the young men of faith who
    usually canvassed the neighborhood.
    Any   lingering   doubt  about  their  identities  was
    immediately  erased  when  the  two  men flashed their
    badges  and  announced  --  in true X-Files fashion --
    that   they   were   with   the   Federal   Bureau  of
    Investigation.
    "What can I do for you gentlemen?" I asked.
    My  initial  puzzled  reaction  turned to concern when
    they  explained  that  they  wanted  to  speak with me
    "about   the   events   of  last  Tuesday,"  obviously
    referring  to  the  horrible terrorist attacks against
    the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
    I  told  them that I would be happy to speak with them
    if  they  made  an appointment to meet me later at the
    local   office  of  the  Council  on  American-Islamic
    Relations,  where I served as a member of the board of
    directors.
    Although  the  agents  were somewhat taken aback by my
    request,  they  ultimately  agreed. An appointment was
    made  for  the following evening, but the agents never
    appeared   to  interview  me  nor  did  they  call  to
    reschedule the meeting.
    The next morning, I awoke ill and asked that my clinic
    patients be rescheduled before stepping out to pick up
    some over-the-counter medication.
    During  this  time,  two  other agents visited both my
    home  and work place. When the agents did not find me,
    they  warned  my  wife ominously that they "would keep
    coming back."
    I  was  finally  able  to  reach  one of the agents by
    cellular  phone, and I made an appointment to meet him
    and his partner at a local coffee shop.
    What  ensued can best be described as a combination of
    a    fishing   expedition   and   a   scene   from   a
    straight-to-video B-movie.
    Holding  a  thin  folder  stamped "SECRET" in front of
    them,   the  agents  initially  queried  me  about  my
    background.  One  of  them  stopped in mid-sentence to
    change  a  question  from  "When  did  you come to the
    U.S.?" to "Where were you born?"
    They  appeared  somewhat  surprised when I mentioned I
    was born in Santa Monica, California, and had lived in
    Southern California my entire life.
    I  was then quizzed about my political views with such
    vague  questions  as  "Are  we  the  bad  guys in this
    thing?"  I  told the agents in no uncertain terms that
    there  could  be  no  justification whatsoever for the
    horrible terrorist attacks that had taken place.
    Further,  I  informed them that my political views are
    widely  known  because I frequently write commentaries
    that  are  published in newspapers around the country.
    In  fact, in the days following the terrorist attacks,
    my commentaries condemning the assaults and expressing
    the  shared  grief and outrage of American Muslims had
    appeared   in   newspapers   in   California,   Texas,
    Connecticut, Washington, D.C., New Jersey, and Madrid,
    Spain.
    The  agents  subsequently  inquired  about my numerous
    affiliations   with   several   prominent  and  widely
    respected   American   Muslim   advocacy   and  relief
    organizations.  At  no  time  was  I  asked  about any
    specific  individual,  nor was I asked to identify any
    suspects in photographs.
    The  interview's  low  point came when I asked why the
    agents had gone to my clinic, when I had provided them
    with  a  cellular telephone number at which I could be
    reached.
    Their  answer  spoke  volumes about the aimlessness of
    this investigation:
    "When  we  learned  that you were out sick, we thought
    that our worst fears had been realized -- that you had
    fled the country."
    I could no longer restrain my laughter.
    "Give me a break," I exclaimed incredulously.
    To  where  would  I  flee?  I am an American. I do not
    possess nor do I desire any other citizenship.
    By  the  end  of the 75-minute ordeal, I was convinced
    that  the  agents  were  not  acting  on  any specific
    information but were instead groping wildly for straws
    in the dark.
    I found this quite disheartening.
    I   harbor   no  ill  will  toward  those  agents  who
    interviewed   me.   I  realize  that  they  were  just
    following orders. Like other Americans who are Muslims
    or  of Arabic ethnicity, I earnestly support the FBI's
    attempts   to   vigorously  investigate  this  heinous
    terrorist act and bring those responsible to justice.
    What  I  do  not  appreciate  is being singled out for
    questioning  merely  because of my faith, my ethnicity
    or my legitimate political activism.
    As noted in a Christian Science Monitor editorial this
    week,  "to have FBI agents with no preparatory contact
    knocking  on the doors of Arab or Muslim citizens with
    no  clear  ties  to  acts  of  crime  is a sure way to
    instill fear right where cooperation is most needed."
    In  legal  parlance,  this  practice is referred to as
    "profiling." In my book, it's just plain racism.
    And it has no place in my country.
    ---
    Riad  Z.  Abdelkarim  is an American-born, -raised and
    -educated  physician  active  in  the  American Muslim
    community. He lives in Southern California.
      _________________________________________________
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-26 23:28:00
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Defeatist Compromising Commentary From Reason Magazine 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  Again more defeatist compromising commentary.  Reason Magazine's contributing editor Cathy Young  "Do I like the idea of people being able to encrypt electronic communications so that they are beyond surveillance? Frankly, I found it scary even before Sept. 11 - precisely because of the threat of terrorism. It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks.  Even in the Declaration of Independence, the right to liberty is preceded by the right to life." In this case I found Cypherpunk Tim May's  sarcastic comment right on   "Between Cato arguing for victim disarmament and Reason arguing that "right to liberty is preceded by the right to life," I say we just kill them all and let Rand sort them out."  If you find Ms. Young's comments against encryption disturbing please write to Nick Gillespie  Editor-in-Chief of Reason Magazine and David Nott  President, Reason September 24, 2001
Civil liberties may take a hit
By Cathy Young
It's such a cliche to say that the reality hasn't sunk in yet -- but it's true. Despite all the devastating images, part of me still doesn't belive that the Twin Towers are no more, or that the station where I have so often arrived in downtown New York by local train station from New Jersey lies under a pile of rubble, or that thousands are dead in what is unquestionably the most devastating terrorist act ever committed, not just on American soil but anywhere.
And there are so many other cliches that come so easily right now and that are true: above all, that the world will never be the same.
As always, there are those who would exploit an unthinkable tragedy for their own hateful agendas. On the left, a few commentators, such as filmmaker-activist Michael Moore, have found this a good time to decry the sins of American capitalism and US foreign policy for which we are supposedly being punished by the world's dispossessed.
On the right, a few so-called men of God have found this a good time to decry the "wickedness" of gays and lesbians, feminists, the American Civil Liberties Union, and abortion providers, for which we are supposedly being punished by the Lord.
So far, however, the divisive rhetoric isn't finding many takers.
Americans are united in mourning and just anger. The way we have come together to help and support those affected by the horror of last week's bombings shows us at our best as a people.
And yet moments of national unity and resolve are always of concern to those of us who are concerned with the expanding powers of the state and the fate of individual rights and civil liberties.
Historically, individual freedom has not fared well in wartime, understandably so. And whatever military action we may take at the moment, one of the fears is that a war against terrorism may be, at least for the foreseeable future, a permanent war.
There are libertarians who say that it doesn't have to be that way. They argue that, if our government only withdrew from meddling in regions where we have no real interest, stop playing global policeman, and limited itself to providing for a national defense against foreign attack, we wouldn't be a terrorist target.
Alas, this is a myopic position. Aside from whether a 21st century democracy can survive in isolation, the sort of people who carried out this monstrous act hate us for much more than our foreign policy.
Note that their targets included not only the Pentagon and (apparently) Capitol Hill or the White House, but the World Trade Center - a symbol and a bastion of international capitalism, not of US military power.
Philosopher David Kelley, director of the Objectivist Center, makes this point eloquently in an essay on the center's Web site, "The Assault on Civilization." (which strikes a chord whether or not one shares the center's philosophy, based on the writings of Ayn Rand).
The fanatics behind the bombings, Kelley writes, hate the West's cultural power most - "our secular culture of freedom, reason, and the pursuit of happiness. They hate our individualism; what they want is an authoritarian society where thought and behavior are controlled by true believers."
We could stay out of world affairs and they would still hate and fear our influence.
What to do, then?
To sacrifice our freedoms to fear of terrorism would destroy the very way of life that we seek to protect and hand the terrorists a victory. On the other hand, a free society is not a suicide pact.
We will undoubtedly have to put up with tougher security at airports. The movements of foreign visitors will be scrutinized more closely. Perhaps most alarming to many civil libertarians, it's likely that the government will expand its ability to monitor electronic mail, which has been a controversial issue for some time.
Do I like the idea of the government intercepting e-mail? No. But, as long as there's judicial oversight and due process, that's no different from its longstanding power to intercept regular mail.
Do I like the idea of people being able to encrypt electronic communications so that they are beyond surveillance? Frankly, I found it scary even before Sept. 11 - precisely because of the threat of It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks.
Even in the Declaration of Independence, the right to liberty is preceded by the right to life.
Cathy Young is a contributing editor to REASON.  This column appeared in the Boston Globe on September 19, 2001.

@_date: 2001-10-27 05:57:18
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Ohio Connection: FBI and CIA Suspect Domestic Extremists 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor: I hope this doesn't turn out like the FBI's botched accusations that Richard Jewel was the Atlanta Olympics bomber, a charge that was completely false. With the absence of other suspects I suppose it's natural for the Feds to trot out the usual suspects.  Pravda had on October 18th all ready pointed out that the Center for Disease Control re-released a 1999 report authored by Jessica Stern of the Council of Foreign Relations, stating that most anthrax threats in the United States are linked to "far-right militia" organizations... But no US militia group is known to posses the refined, military form of anthrax being used against the US media and government, and most US militia groups are more concerned with defending themselves against anthrax than spreading it in such a way that their families and communities might be affected . Of special interest in this article is the mentioning of Larry Wayne Harris, an Ohio microbiologist and former member of the Aryan Nations.  For a photo of Harris go to .  Being from central Ohio just like Harris I've seen him on a few occasions at local events.  I did make it a point not to engage him in conversation as I considered him a racist nut.  On one particular occasion at a gun and preparedness show in Columbus, Ohio sponsored by the Peoples Rights Organization, an Ohio gun and civil rights group, just before Y2K, Harris had a table and display selling his tapes and books on biological warfare. On his table he had a device for the spraying of biological agents such as Anthrax.  I examined the machine which looked like a stainless steel tube, like a coffee dispenser with a nozzle and valves.  The show had a prohibition in their rules about "weapons of mass destruction" and Harris was asked to leave.  As I remember a Franklin County Sheriff escorted Harris off the premises.  I don't think he was arrested.]
FBI and CIA Suspect Domestic Extremists
Officials Doubt Any Links to Bin Laden
By Bob Woodward and Dan Eggen
Washington Post Staff Writers
Saturday, October 27, 2001; Page A01
Top FBI and CIA officials believe that the anthrax attacks on
Washington, New York and Florida are likely the work of one or more
extremists in the United States who are probably not connected to Osama
bin Laden's al Qaeda terrorist organization, government officials said
Senior officials also are increasingly concerned that the bioterrorism
is diverting public attention from the larger threat posed by bin Laden
and his network, who are believed to be planning a second wave of
attacks against U.S. interests here or abroad that could come at any
time, officials said.
None of the 60 to 80 threat reports gathered daily by U.S. intelligence
agencies has connected the envelopes containing anthrax spores to al
Qaeda or other known organized terrorist groups, and the evidence
gleaned from the spore samples so far provides no solid link to a
foreign government or laboratory, several officials said.
"Everything seems to lean toward a domestic source," one senior official
said. "Nothing seems to fit with an overseas terrorist type operation."
The FBI and U.S. Postal Inspection Service are considering a wide range
of domestic possibilities, including associates of right-wing hate
groups and U.S. residents sympathetic to the causes of Islamic
extremists. But investigators have no clear suspects, and are not even
certain whether there are other undetected letters that contained the
deadly microbe.
But federal health officials said yesterday that a new case of pulmonary
anthrax in a man who worked at a State Department mail facility in
Northern Virginia has persuaded them that more than one contaminated
letter may have been sent to the Washington area. Health experts
previously believed that a single letter, sent to the office of Senate
Majority Leader Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.), likely caused all the
anthrax reports in the Washington area as it came in contact with other
pieces of mail in the system.
Now the "working hypothesis would be that this is not
cross-contamination," said Jeffrey Koplan, director of the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention. "There is not enough infectious material
from cross-contamination to do that."
However, ongoing searches of truckloads of undelivered mail to the U.S.
Capitol and other government buildings has turned up no other letters
laced with anthrax bacteria, leading FBI officials to assume that the
Daschle letter may still be the only local source. Two employees at the
U.S. Postal Service's Brentwood facility in Washington have died from
inhaling the lethal bacteria, and three other local postal workers have
contracted inhalational anthrax.
"This envelope, Daschle's envelope, is not watertight or airtight or
anything like that," one law enforcement official said. "It's porous. At
one or two microns, there's plenty of room for the spores to escape."
Although there is consensus at the FBI and CIA that al Qaeda associates
are planning more serious attacks, "nobody believes the anthrax scare we
are going through is" the next wave of terrorism, one senior official
said. "There is no intelligence on it and it does not fit any [al Qaeda]
No links between known foreign terrorist groups and the anthrax letters
have shown up on the daily Top Secret Threat Matrix, which includes the
latest raw intelligence on potential bombings, hijackings or other
terrorist attacks, one official said. Though "lots of things are
alarming" on the list, there is little agreement on how, when or where
an attack might be launched, officials said.
FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III warned earlier this week that
additional terror attacks are a "distinct possibility."
President Bush and other top U.S. officials have publicly voiced their
suspicion that bin Laden and al Qaeda -- accused of carrying out the
Sept. 11 suicide assaults on the World Trade Center and Pentagon -- may
be responsible for the anthrax mailings.
But Mueller, Attorney General John D. Ashcroft and other law enforcement
officials have said they have discovered no links between the mailings
and bin Laden. Authorities, speaking on condition of anonymity
yesterday, said they are increasingly doubtful that any connections will
be found.
One official said the only significant clue raising the possibility of
foreign terrorist involvement is the conclusion of FBI behavioral
scientists, who believe that whoever wrote the three letters delivered
to Daschle, NBC News and the New York Post did not learn English as a
first language.
But the writer could have lived in this country for some time, and the
other evidence gathered so far points away from a foreign source,
several officials said.
The anti-Israel message in the anthrax letters and bin Laden's
statements are echoed by U.S. extremist groups, said Rabbi Abraham
Cooper, associate director of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los
One group, Aryan Action, praises the Sept. 11 attacks on its Web site
and declares: "Either you're fighting with the jews against al Qaeda, or
you support al Qaeda fighting against the jews."
Cooper said a meeting this year in Beirut was attended by neo-Nazis and
Islamic extremists united in their hatred of Jews. "Some extremists are
now globalized," he said.
White supremacists have been linked with anthrax in the past, but not in
relation to an attack.
Larry Wayne Harris, an Ohio microbiologist and former member of the
Aryan Nations, was convicted of wire fraud in 1997 after he obtained
three vials of bubonic plague germs through the mail. He was arrested
the next year near Las Vegas when the FBI acted on a tip that he was
carrying anthrax. But agents found harmless anthrax vaccine in the trunk
of his car.
Cooper and officials at the Southern Poverty Law Project, which monitors
U.S. hate groups, said they have seen no evidence of a domestic group
capable of launching a sophisticated anthrax attack.
One of the challenges that a would-be terrorist faces is learning how to
alter the anthrax so that it will float in the air and disperse widely.
The Washington Post reported this week that the spores in the Daschle
letter had been treated with a chemical additive using technology so
sophisticated that it almost certainly came from the United States, Iraq
or the former Soviet Union.
White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday, however, that
investigators believe a broad range of people are capable of the crime.
"The qualityanthrax sent to Senator Daschle's office could be produced
by a Ph.D. microbiologist and a sophisticated laboratory," he told
U.S. officials said the evidence so far does not point to either Russia
or Iraq. However, FBI checks of private and government laboratories in
the United States have not yet revealed any missing anthrax stockpiles,
disgruntled scientists or other suspicious circumstances, one top
official said.
Koplan, the CDC director, said he suspects more than one letter was
involved based on his understanding of how difficult it is to contract
inhalational anthrax. To cause the disease, 8,000 to 10,000 anthrax
spores must enter a person's lungs.
Although some officials said it is possible for that many spores to have
sloughed off the letter sent to Daschle onto another piece of mail,
Koplan said that is hard to imagine. "We all think that would be highly
unlikely to virtually impossible," he said.
Koplan speculated that there may have been multiple mailings and that
"there may be several places within the federal government that have
been deemed targets."
By contrast, the minuscule amounts of anthrax bacteria discovered at
Walter Reed Hospital and the CIA "may well represent
cross-contamination," Koplan said.
William C. Patrick, who is retired from the U.S. Army installation at
Fort Detrick, Md., said extensive studies show that once anthrax spores
hit the ground or other surfaces they stick, and are very hard to
There's a theoretical possibility that a few spores picked up by an
envelope might cause a skin anthrax infection, but a case of
inhalational anthrax "is highly unlikely," Patrick said.
Staff writers David Brown, Ceci Connolly, Ellen Nakashima and Peter
Slevin and researcher Madonna Lebling contributed to this report.
 2001 The Washington Post Company
Distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in
receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-26 12:46:20
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: 9-11 Narco-Interrogation & Torture 
Hi Matt -
Below is the CCLE response to information in the Washington Post indicating that the FBI is considering using torture and mind-altering drugs to get the 9-11 detainees to talk. Please forward to your list. (Sources with URLS are given at the bottom.)
This press release can be accessed on the Internet at: --Richard Glen Boire
Executive Director
Center for Cognitive Liberty & Ethics (CCLE)
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
October 25, 2001
Drugging or Torture of 9-11 Suspects Breaks Constitution, Law, and Treaties
Amidst reports that the FBI is considering the use of forced drugging and even torture to make suspects in the September 11 attacks divulge information, the Center for Cognitive Liberty & Ethics (CCLE) is calling on the FBI and other government agencies involved in the investigation to respect US and International law, which strictly forbids such invasive and brutal police tactics. The Washington Post reported on Sunday that in an effort to extract information from the detainees, FBI and Justice Department investigators are considering using drugs or pressure tactics, such as those employed occasionally by Israeli interrogators, to extract information. Another idea is extraditing the suspects to allied countries where security services sometimes employ threats to family members or resort to torture. (Walter Pincus, "Silence of 4 Terror Probe Suspects Poses Dilemma", Washington Post, Sunday, October 21, 2001; Page A06)
"The use of torture or physical intimidation to force a suspect to reveal information is a clear violation of US and International law" says Attorney Richard Glen Boire, Executive Director of the Center for Cognitive Liberty & Ethics. The Fifth Amendment to the US Constitution guarantees that no person shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, and protects all people on US soil, whether citizens or not. Torturing a person in order to extract a confession is inherently coercive and renders any subsequent statements compelled, involuntary, unreliable, and wholly Invoking the Fifth Amendment, some of the 9-11 detainees have asserted their constitutional right to remain silent, refusing to speak with investigators. It's deeply disturbing, says Boire, that the act of asserting the constitutional right to remain silent is what is provoking the authorities to consider resorting to torture and drugging.
Numerous international conventions prohibit the use of torture as an intelligence gathering technique. Article 5 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and article 7 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, both provide that no one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
Likewise the International Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (Convention Against Torture), prohibits any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession.
The Center for Cognitive Liberty & Ethics is particularly disturbed by reports that FBI agents may try and skirt US and international prohibitions on physical torture by instead interrogating the suspects after forcefully administering them mind-altering drugs. The Washington Post article quoted a former senior FBI official with a background in counter terrorism who distinguished the forced use of "truth serum" from beating a guy till he is senseless.
When the United States ratified the Convention Against Torture on October 21, 1994, it expressly acknowledged that torture includes the administration or application, or threatened administration or application, of mind altering substances or other procedures calculated to disrupt profoundly the senses or the personality.
The bar on torture and forced drugging under the Convention Against Torture does not have a war time or suspected terrorist exemption, comments Boire, adding that Article 2 of the Convention states  "No exceptional circumstances whatsoever, whether a state of war or a threat of war, internal political in stability or any other public emergency, may be invoked as a justification of torture."
The prospect of US law enforcement agents interrogating a person after injecting that person with a mind-altering drug is terrifying and grossly unconstitutional, says Boire. Under the Fifth Amendment there is no distinction between the use of physical force to obtain a statement and the compelled administration of a mind-altering drug to obtain a statement. Both techniques, notes Boire violate the firmly embedded constitutional guarantee against coerced confessions in which a suspect's will is overborne or the confession was not the product of a rational intellect and a free will.
Condemning the use of drug-induced confessions, the US Supreme Court has stated, "It is difficult to imagine a situation in which a confession would be less the product of a free intellect, less voluntary, than when brought about by a drug having the effect of a "truth serum." (Townsend v. Sain (1963) 372 U.S. 293.) In another case, the Supreme Court cautioned, "the blood of the accused is not the only hallmark of an unconstitutional inquisition." (Blackburn v. Alabama (1960) 361 U.S. 199, quoted in Miranda v. Arizona (1966) 384 U.S. 436.) The Center for Cognitive Liberty & Ethics calls upon federal authorities to respect the fundamental rights that are enshrined in the US Constitution and in the international conventions protecting human rights and prohibiting government-endorsed torture and mind manipulation. Under no circumstances are US government agents permitted to coerce statements through the use of physical intimidation or the forceful administration of mind-altering drugs. Use of such barbaric interrogation techniques is unlawful, says Boire , violates the basic human right to physical and mental autonomy, vitiates the presumption of innocence, and runs counter to the most fundamental and cherished of American freedoms and constitutional For More Information:
Ms. Zara Gelsey
CCLE, Director of Communications
Telephone & Fax: 530-750-7912
E-mail: zara
This press release can be accessed on the Internet at: Washington Post  Article Universal Declaration of Human Rights International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights Convention Against Torture US ratification of Convention Against Torture About the Center for Cognitive Liberty & Ethics (CCLE)
The Center for Cognitive Liberty & Ethics is a nonpartisan, nonprofit 501(c)(3), law and policy center working in the public interest to protect fundamental civil liberties. The Center seeks to foster cognitive liberty  the basic human right to unrestrained independent thinking, including the right to control one's own mental processes and to experience the full spectrum of possible thought.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-24 17:08:40
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: More on F(u)ck Nortel & F(u)ck China's Golden Shield & 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  I purposefully choose the "F" word to describe my utter contempt of Nortel for supplying the technology to China used to suppress free speech and freedom. Several of my readers did the usual hand wringing worrying about getting the "F" word in their Dilbertized corporate business environments. Of special interest to the Brin watchers out there is "the promotion of JungleMUX which allows video surveillance data to be transported from remote cameras back to a centralized surveillance point at the Chinese Ministry of Public Security (MPS)".  Naturally several of my subscribers didn't get an opportunity to even read my original uncensored post due to their filtering software catching the dreaded "F" word and rejecting my post.  Here are a couple of examples:
Nortel helping China to overhaul state surveillance architecture
By John Leyden
Posted: 22/10/2001 at 16:40 GMT
Human rights activists have launched an attack on Nortel Networks, accusing
it of contributing to human rights violations in China by helping the
country overhaul its ageing surveillance technologies.
The "Great Firewall of China", which controls content entering the country,
is failing, largely due to the increased volume of Internet traffic in
China, so the Chinese are looking to build a more sophisticated system
involving content filtration, and the monitoring of individual users.
That's one of the main conclusion in a report by The International Centre of
Human Rights & Democratic Development (ICHRDD) which states: "Old style
censorship is being replaced with a massive, ubiquitous architecture of
surveillance: the Golden Shield."
"Ultimately the aim is to integrate a gigantic online database with an
all-encompassing surveillance network - incorporating speech and face
recognition, closed-circuit television, smart cards, credit records, and
Internet surveillance technologies," it adds.
Many other Western firms are also involved in the development of China's
state security apparatus but Nortel, which like the human rights group, is
based in Canada, has come in for particular criticism in ICHRDD's report.
Among the Nortel projects singled out for criticism are:
Nortel's joint research with Tsinghua University on speech recognition
technology, for the purpose of automated surveillance of telephone
The Canadian firm's support for FBI plans to develop a common standard to
intercept telephone communications, known as CALEA, in conjunction with
technology transfer through its joint venture, Guangdong Nortel (GDNT)
The promotion of JungleMUX which allows video surveillance data to be
transported from remote cameras back to a centralized surveillance point at
the Chinese Ministry of Public Security (MPS)
The deployment of Nortel's "Personal Internet" suite in Shanghai, "greatly
enhancing the ability of Internet service providers to track the
communications of individual users"
A US$10 million project, involving Nortel, to build a citywide fibre-optic
broadband network in Shanghai (OPTera) enabling central authorities to
monitor subscribers at the "edge" of the network, principally through the
Shasta 5000 firewall.
Nortel's integration of face recognition and voice recognition technology in
collaboration with AcSys Biometrics, a subsidiary of Canadian firm NEXUS
Nortel is no stranger to controversy with its Personal Internet technology,
which was criticised on its announcement in February by consumers activists
and anti-junk mail campaigners, and has rejected ICHRDD criticism.
"Nortel Networks categorically rejects in the strongest possible terms the
notion that we are collaborating with any government to repress the human
rights or democracy of its citizens," a statement by Nortel said.
"Nortel Networks is a longstanding supplier of advanced telecommunications
products and technology in China where we have a broad range of customers.
Nortel Networks sells the same range of products and solutions in China as
we do elsewhere."
This response cut little ice with ICHRDD which believes Nortel's technology
will be used to clamp down on political dissent.
On September 28, four Chinese citizens were tried for subversion for
participating in an on-line pro democracy forum. The four are but the most
recent of several arrests in recent years for Internet-related crimes.
Pacific rim leaders are expected to announce an "anti-terrorism" pact at the
APEC summit this week which human rights advocates fear could be used to
excuse increased crackdowns on Internet privacy and human rights,
particularly in authoritarian states such as China. R
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-22 15:27:17
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Fuck Nortel & Fuck China's Golden Shield 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  I'm using the term "Fuck" not as a term of endearment, but rather as in "fuck them".]

@_date: 2001-10-22 05:10:19
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: FBI's Trial Balloon- Torture 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  It is an established procedure of a government to first hint at something that they are considering to gauge the reaction.  This has got to be one of the more disturbing items I've read over the course of the last couple of weeks.  The US constitution and bill of rights recognizes, not grants rights.  Any FBI agent who considers torturing a suspect should be fired and then prosecuted for conspiracy to violate civil rights.  Such an agent is also a traitor to the US constitution.  FBI agents when they take their oath pledge their allegiance to the Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic. Any law enforcement officer who tortures suspects or carts suspects off to be tortured in a foreign land certainly deserve to be considered Un-American and an enemy of the rule of law.]
Silence of 4 Terror Probe Suspects Poses Dilemma
By Walter Pincus
Washington Post Staff Writer
Sunday, October 21, 2001; Page A06
FBI and Justice Department investigators are increasingly frustrated by the silence of jailed suspected associates of Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda network, and some are beginning to that say that traditional civil liberties may have to be cast aside if they are to extract information about the Sept. 11 attacks and terrorist plans.
Said one experienced FBI agent involved in the investigation: "We are known for humanitarian treatment, so basically we are stuck. . . . Usually there is some incentive, some angle to play, what you can do for them. But it could get to that spot where we could go to pressure . . . where we won't have a choice, and we are probably getting Among the alternative strategies under discussion are using drugs or pressure tactics, such as those employed occasionally by Israeli interrogators, to extract information. Another idea is extraditing the suspects to allied countries where security services sometimes employ threats to family members or resort to torture.
Under U.S. law, interrogators in criminal cases can lie to suspects, but information obtained by physical pressure, inhumane treatment or torture cannot be used in a trial. In addition, the government interrogators who used such tactics could be sued by the victim or charged with battery by the government.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-17 18:27:28
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: DOJ "background briefing" on Emerson gun case today 
Matt -. You didn't get this from me.  [Note from Matt Gaylor:  Get this from who?]
FOR PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY - NOT FOR RELEASE AG
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 2001
(202) 616-2777
TDD (202) 514-1888
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TO HOLD BACKGROUND BRIEFING
REGARDING THE EMERSON CASE WASHINGTON, D.C. - Department of Justice officials will hold a background briefing regarding yesterday's 5th Circuit decision in the Emerson case TODAY, Wednesday, October 17 at 2:00 p.m.
WHAT:              Background briefing with DOJ officials
WHEN:TODAY, Wednesday,October17, 2:00pm
WHERE:Department of Justice
Public Affairs Conference Room
Room 1254
950 Pennsylvania Ave, NW
Washington, DC 20530  01-539
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-17 17:38:27
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Larry Ellison's ID card idea attracts high-level support 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  Considering that the show your papers routine had already been implemented complete with yellow Star of David armbands, I'm one civil libertarian who will never "come Posted at 10:53 p.m. PDT Tuesday, Oct. 16, 2001
ID card idea attracts high-level support
Top executives, lawmakers back national identification card proposal
BY ELISE ACKERMAN AND PAUL ROGERS
Mercury News
Silicon Valley software mogul Larry Ellison's proposal to create a national ID card has gained substantial ground -- and the interest of top Bush administration officials -- in a signal that the controversial idea may be closer to reality than ever.
In an interview with the Mercury News on Tuesday night, Ellison, the chairman and CEO of Oracle, said he met with U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft and officials at the CIA and FBI in Washington, D.C., over the past week to discuss the idea. U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., has endorsed it, other tech executives have jumped on board and even some prominent civil libertarians have said the idea is worth pursuing.
``You don't give up much,'' Dershowitz said. ``Civil libertarians will come around.''
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-17 04:41:36
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Reason Magazine And Foundation Support Encryption Rights 
I want to thank both Mike Alissi, (malissi Publisher of Reason Magazine and David Nott (davidn President, Reason Foundation who each sent me a copy of Jacob Sullum's October 16, 2001 essay "Fear of Prying" . Which I then sent to the subscribers of Freematt's Alerts (10,000+) and to several other mailing lists yesterday.
 "Boston Globe columnist Cathy Young, a colleague of mine at Reason magazine, has confessed that "the idea of people being able to encrypt electronic communications so that they are beyond surveillance" has always seemed "scary" to her, "precisely because of the threat of terrorism." This is like saying that computers or telephones or airplanes or box cutters are scary. Any technology can be used for good or ill. The question is whether the potential for evil justifies restrictions on legitimate uses."
And Sullum ends with: "Misuse of official records is not exactly unheard of in this country, and the problem would be magnified if every unsavory regime that has enlisted in the war on terrorism were to be trusted with the keys to its citizens' e-mail. For the dissidents Phil Zimmermann is rightly proud of helping, the whole point of encryption is to guard against official surveillance."
I was somewhat surprised and disturbed that Reason would publish Cathy Young's original article that appeared first in the Boston Globe, September 19, 2001 and then on Reason Online .  I think Freematt's Alerts subscriber Charles Platt , the distinguished science fiction author and senior writer at WIRED Magazine had the best "Bad enough that a contributing editor to Reason should indulge in the cliche-ridden handwringing of a statist apologist; far worse that these less-than-cerebral platitudes should be disseminated via an establishment publication, where Ms. Young is liable to be seen as a libertarian emissary.
To Cathy Young: All systems entail risk. As has just been demonstrated, a government-run system for terrorism-prevention does not eliminate risk. It only eliminates the superficial appearance of risk. This is far more dangerous than an honest approach in which risk is recognized and individuals are encouraged to deal with it instead of running to their elected representatives and asking to be "A free society is not a suicide pact"? No, it's a matter of principle, and of courage. I really think you should reconsider your political affiliations.
--Charles Platt
Senior Writer, Wired magazine"
For better or worse Reason Magazine is viewed as a libertarian/freemarket publication. The magazine has in the last decade doubled it's circulation to over 60,000 which places it over conservative publications such as the Weekly Standard and nearly that of the liberal New Republic.  See Columbus Dispatch Metro Columnist Steve Stephens's   October 15, 2001 column "The Voice of 'Reason' Lives In Small Ohio Town" where he interviews Reason's editor Nick Gillespie  See: I'm optimistic that Reason won't lose it's way and veer away from their libertarian roots and I might add that Jacob Sullum's article is a step in the right and libertarian direction.
Regards,  Matt Gaylor-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-16 15:57:08
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: [PGP] Fear of Prying By Jacob Sullum 
Dear Matt -  I wanted to be sure you've seen Jacob Sullum's latest column at
Reason Online: It's copied below.
October 16, 2001
Fear of Prying
By Jacob Sullum
I first downloaded Pretty Good Privacy a couple of years ago, at the request of an interview subject. He was nervous about discussing his drug use through unprotected e-mail, and my willingness to use PGP reassured him not only that he would be safe from eavesdroppers but that he could trust me to take his privacy concerns seriously.
It was a small illustration of encryption's power, but it brought home to me what a godsend this kind of readily available, easily used software must be to dissidents who risk prison by sharing unauthorized information or expressing forbidden opinions. Phil Zimmermann had such people in mind when he created PGP a decade ago and risked prison by posting it online.
At the time, the U.S. government considered strong encryption software a "munition," and by making it available to human rights activists around the world Zimmermann was arguably violating a federal ban on the export of such weapons. Some politicians are trying to revive this sinister view of encryption in the wake of last month's terrorist attacks.
In a floor speech a week after hijacked airplanes collided with the Pentagon and the World Trade Center, Sen. Judd Gregg (R-N.H.) worried aloud about "somebody out there using encryption technology for the purposes of pursuing a terrorist act in the United States." He declared, "There is no excuse for anybody to be underwriting that type of activity in our country."
To prevent terrorists from shielding their communications, Gregg wants to make all producers of encryption systems design their products so the government can read the messages they generate. The surveillance would be "judicially controlled" to make sure it "simply gets at the bad guys."
Gregg's opposition to strong encryption is echoed in some surprising quarters. Boston Globe columnist Cathy Young, a colleague of mine at Reason magazine, has confessed that "the idea of people being able to encrypt electronic communications so that they are beyond surveillance" has always seemed "scary" to her, "precisely because of the threat of terrorism."
This is like saying that computers or telephones or airplanes or box cutters are scary. Any technology can be used for good or ill. The question is whether the potential for evil justifies restrictions on legitimate uses.
As more than one critic has pointed out, the arguments against strong encryption could also be used against strong locks, since criminals tend to hatch their plans behind closed doors. That doesn't mean all of us should make extra sets of house keys for the police in case they need to search our homes.
We have been down this road before with various proposals during the 1990s for "key recovery" arrangements through which the authorities could break otherwise unbreakable codes.
Now as then, the most decisive argument against encryption controls is that they wouldn't work because PGP-like software is already available from a variety of sources.
Does Sen. Gregg plan to come to my house and erase my copy of PGP? If not, how can he possibly hope to stop terrorists, who are much more highly motivated than I am to shield their communications, from obtaining and using such software?
The attempt to do so would weaken security rather than enhancing it. A 1998 report from a panel of distinguished cryptographers and computer scientists concluded that "there are compelling reasons to believe that, given the state of the art in cryptology and secure systems engineering, government-access key recovery is not compatible with large scale, economical, secure cryptographic systems." A member of the panel, Matt Blaze, recently told The Washington Post, "I am extremely doubtful that this could be done without weakening computer systems, and the costs would be absolutely staggering."
In addition to the bugs introduced by added complexity, keeping extra copies of the keys used to decode messages would create tempting targets for thieves. The keys could also be compromised by incompetent or corrupt officials charged with protecting them.
Misuse of official records is not exactly unheard of in this country, and the problem would be magnified if every unsavory regime that has enlisted in the war on terrorism were to be trusted with the keys to its citizens' e-mail. For the dissidents Phil Zimmermann is rightly proud of helping, the whole point of encryption is to guard against official surveillance. If Gregg's vision were ever realized, they would once again have to watch what they say.
) Copyright 2001 by Creators Syndicate Inc.
Jacob Sullum's weekly column is distributed by Creators Syndicate. If you'd like to see it in your local newspaper, write or call the editorial page editor.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-15 18:17:55
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: 5 Reasons the Pro-freedom Movement Is in Trouble 
And succumb they do.
We now have these examples of alleged freedom advocates making the following non-freedom remarks.
1.) Reason Magazine Contributing Editor Cathy Young advocating banning encryption stating that: "Do I like the idea of people being able to encrypt electronic communications so that they are beyond surveillance? Frankly, I found it scary even before Sept. 11 - precisely because of the threat of terrorism. It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks.  Even in the Declaration of Independence, the right to liberty is preceded by the right to life." 2.) Ivan Eland , Director of Defense Policy Studies, Cato Institute writes in favor of victim disarmament "The ban against sharp metal objects (i.e., knives) aboard aircraft is a good one." See: 3.) The Objectivist Center's James Robbins's support of a national  "...however, the recent assault on America has had a significant clarifying effect. Since last Tuesday, some of my "go to the wall" libertarian views, such as opposing a national ID card, have seemed trivial. The potential for government abuse is present, but the need for providing security is actual. So long as there are adequate checks and balances, so long as the enabling legislation is circumscribed and directed, the measures currently being touted seem a reasonable cost." See: 4.) Various Libertarian Party spokespersons notably in Ohio and Florida making statements such as:  " "We're normally very wary about anything that could mean more authority to the federal government and limited individual liberties," said Ralph Swanson, an administrator for the Florida Libertarian Party. "But I think you'll find, after all this, something has to be done to keep people safe." .  And Ohio's LP director stating that: "I personally have no problem with airlines preventing passengers to carry weapons..." And she went on to say "Airport searches aren't 4th amendment violations."  >.
5.)  The Libertarian Party of Virginia candidate for Governor William Redpath is publicly calling for the elimination of private gun sales as he wants all private gun sales routed via a government licensed dealer so a FBI background check can be done.  Currently in Virginia if you wanted to give or sell your neighbor a gun you can do so without governmental involvement. See I'd like to view the liberty goblet as half full rather than half empty but with freedom advocates like these who needs enemies?
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:51:12
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Censorware Article In November Playboy 
The November 2001 print issue of Playboy Magazine  has an article by Chip Rowe "Access Denied: coming to a library near you: censorware. (Forum page 55).  I just received my copy in the mail today.
Rowe cites an example from Bennett Haselton :
Begin Playboy quote: "Haselton created four web pages with titles such as "The Homosexual Agenda Information Center." He posted the anti-gay snippets without attribution.  He then reported the pages to various filtering companies.  Four companies blocked every page; two others blocked at least two.  Haselton shared the results with a reporter, who then phoned the companies to inform them of the ruse. Each refused to block the original sites. Today's lesson, kids:  It's not the content of the message but the clout of the messenger that will determine what you see." End Playboy quote.
Censorware refers to Internet filtering software that is federally mandated via The Children's Internet Protection Act.  The Act requires public schools and libraries to install the Orwellian software or risk losing federal funds.  In a recent show of moral courage the San Francisco City Library system refused to install the software and publicly stated that they'd forego the federal funds.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-08 20:29:26
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: And Now Afghanistan by Murray N. Rothbard Circa 1980 
And Now Afghanistan
by Murray N. Rothbard
This article was originally published in the January-February 1980 issue of The Libertarian Forum.
These are grim times for those of us who yearn for a peaceful American foreign policy, for a foreign policy emulating the ideals of Thomas Paine, who exhorted America not to interfere with the affairs of other nations, and to serve instead as a beacon-light of liberty by her example. The lessons of the Vietnam intervention have been shuffled off with obscene haste, by masses and by intellectuals alike, by campus kids and by veterans of the antiwar movement of the 1960's. It started with Iran, with bloody calls for war, for punishment, for "nuking 'em till they glow."
But just as we have been whipping ourselves up to nuking Muslims and to declaring war against "fanatical" Islam per se, we are ready to turn on a dime and sing the praises of no-longer fanatical Muslims who are willing to fight Russian tanks with their bare hands: the heroic freedom fighters of Afghanistan. All of a sudden President Carter has gone bananas: declaring himself shocked and stunned by the Soviet incursion into Afghanistan, mobilizing the United Nations in stunned horror, levying embargoes (my how this peanut salesman loves embargoes!), and threatening the Olympics so dear to sports fans around the globe.
It's all very scary. There is the phony proclamation of personal betrayal  Brezhnev not coming clean on the Hot Line  all too reminiscent of the late unlamented King of Camelot before he almost got us into a nuclear holocaust over Cuba. There is the same macho insistence on regarding every foreign affairs crisis as a duel with six-shooters at high noon, and trying to prove that good ole Uncle Sam still has the fastest draw.
To set the record straight from the first: Yes, it is deplorable that Russia saw it fit to move troops into Afghanistan. It will, we can readily predict, be a disaster for the Soviets themselves, for tens of thousands of troops will be tied down, Vietnam-fashion, in a country where they are universally hated and reviled, and where they will be able to command only the cities and the main roads, and those in the daytime. But deplorable as the Soviet action is, it is neither surprising nor shocking: it is in line with Soviet, indeed with all Russian actions since the late 19th century  an insistence on dominating countries on its borders. While unfortunate, this follows the line of Czarist imperialism: it is old-fashioned Great Power politics, and presages neither the "fall" of Southwest Asia nor an immediate armed strike upon our shores.
Indeed, the righteous horror of the U.S. and the U.N. at Soviet actions in Afghanistan takes on an ironic perspective when we consider the massive use of military force wielded not very long age by the United States against Cuba, Vietnam, Cambodia, and the Dominican Republic. Indeed, the ground for Soviet invasion: the backing of one side in another country's civil war, was precisely the groundwork or the massive and disastrous U.S. military intervention in Vietnam. In Vietnam, too, we intervened on the side of unpopular repressive regime in a civil war against a popular revolution: and now the Soviets are doing the exact same thing. So why the selective moral indignation wielded by: Carter, the U.N., the war hawk conservatives, the Social Democrats, the liberals, the media, etc.? Hypocrisy has become rife in America.
There are two crucial difference between America's and Russia's "Vietnam" in Afghanistan. One, that Russia will be slaughtering far fewer Afghans than we did Vietnamese. And two, that Afghanistan is, after all, on Russia's borders while we launched our intervention in Vietnam half the globe away from our shores. And Afghanistan, of course is even further away than Vietnam. The whole thing is ludicrous and absurd. Is Afghanistan now supposed to have been part of the "Free World"? Afghanistan has no resources, has no treaties with the U.S., no historic ties, there are none of the flimsy but popular excuses that we have used for over a century to throw our weight around across the earth. But we go, intervening anyway, loudly proclaiming that Russia's actions in Afghanistan are "unacceptable," and for which we are ready to scrap SALT, detente, and the feeble past attempts of the Carter administration to shuck off the Cold War and to establish come sort of modus vivendi with Russia. The conservatives, the Pentagon, the Social Democrats, the neo-conservatives, the Coalition for a Democratic Majority  all the worst scoundrels in American life - have been yearning to smash detente, and to accelerate an already swollen arms budget and heat up the Cold War. And now Carter has done it  to such an extent that such conservative organs as Human Events are even finding Carter foreign policy to be better in some respects than that of its hero The idiocy of the sudden wailing and hand-wringing over Afghanistan may be gauged by the fact that that land-locked and barren land had been a Russian client state since the late nineteenth century, when clashes of British and Russian (Czarist) imperialism came to draw the Afghan-Indian border where it is today. (An unfortunate situation, since northwest and western Pakistan is ethnically Pushtu  the majority ethnic Baluchi: the same group that populates southern Afghanistan and southeastern Iran.) Ever since, the King of Afghanistan has always been a Russian tool, first Czarist then Soviet  to the tune of no bleats of outrage from the United States.
Then, in 1973, the King was overthrown by a coup led by Prince Mohammed Daud. After a few years, Daud began to lead the Afghan government into the Western, pro-U.S. camp. More specifically, he came under the financial spell (i.e. the payroll) of the Shah of Iran, the very man much in the news of late. Feeling that they could not tolerate a pro- U.S. anti-Soviet regime on its borders, the Russians then moved to depose Daud and replace him with the Communist Nur Taraki, in April 1978. Ever since then, Afghanistan has been under the heel on one Communist ruler or another; yet nobody complained, and no American president threatened mayhem.
The reason for the latest Soviet invasions is simple but ironic in our world of corn-fed slogans. For the problem with Hafizullah Amin, the prime minister before the Soviet incursion, was that he was too Commie for the Russians. As a fanatical left Communist, Amin carried our a brutal program of nationalizing the peasantry and torturing opponents, a policy of collectivism and repression that fanned the flames of guerrilla war against him. Seeing Afghanistan about to slip under to the West once again, the Soviets felt impelled to go in to depose Amin and replace him with an Afghan Communist, Babrak Karmal, who is much more moderate a Communist and therefore a faithful follower of the Soviet line. There are undoubtedly countless conservatives and Social Democrats who still find it impossible to conceive of Soviet tools who are more moderate than other Communists, but it is high time they caught up with several decades of worldwide I deplore the Soviet invasion; I hope for victory of the Afghan masses: and I expect that eventually, as in Vietnam, the oppressed masses will triumph over the Soviet invaders and their puppet regime. The Afghans will win. Buy that is not reason whatever for other nations, including the United States, to leap into the fray. We must not die for Kabul!
The crocodile tears shed for the Afghans point up once again the disastrous concept of "collective security" which has provided the basis for the U.S. foreign policy since Woodrow Wilson and is the very heart and soul of the United Nations. Collective security means that any border skirmish anywhere, any territorial rectification, any troubles of any pipsqueak country, necessarily provides the sparkplug for a general holocaust, for a world war "against aggression". The world does not have one government, and so international war is not a "police action," despite the successful attempt of the warmonger Harry Truman to place that seemingly innocuous label on his military invasion of Korea.
U.S. hysteria over Afghanistan is the bitter fruit of the doctrine of collective security. If we are to avoid nuclear holocaust, if we are to prevent World War III, we must bury the doctrine of collective security once and for all, we must end the idea of the United States as God's appointed champion of justice throughout the world. We must pursue, in the immortal words of classical liberal Sydney Smith quoted in this issue, "apathy, selfishness, common sense, arithmetic." But we can't be apathetic in this pursuit, because time's a wastin.' American officials are ominously spreading the word that the Afghan crisis is the most threatening foreign affairs situation since the Cuban missile crisis of 1962, or even since World War II. No doubt: but only because the Carter administration and the war hawks have made it so.
Libertarians must mobilize to Stop the War, and to stop it now! We must stop the embargo (Carter's favorite foreign policy tactic), which is both criminal and counterproductive. Criminal because it aggresses against the rights of private property and free exchange. Criminal because it represses trade and thereby injures both the American public and the innocent civilian public of both Iran and Afghanistan. Counterproductive because, while hurting innocent civilians, embargoes do nothing to injure the power elites of either side. Embargoes will only unify the people of Iran and Afghanistan behind their regimes, which they will identify as defending them and their food supply against the aggressor Carter.
We must stop the war...and earn the gratitude of all Americans who cherish peace and freedom, and of future generations of Americans who will, one hopes, emerge from the bloody century-long miasma of nationalist chauvinism to see their way clear at long last for the truly American and the genuinely libertarian policy of nonintervention and peace.
Copyright  2001 Ludwig von Mises Institute
Murray Rothbard Archives
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-08 20:03:10
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Anthrax! 
When asked about the current Anthrax scare, President Bush replied, "I don't  know what the big deal is all about.  I think it's perfectly safe to travel  by train."
Note from Matthew Gaylor:  I've heard that Israeli gas masks are now going for upwards of $150 with extra filters going for $30. Although they can be had cheaply enough on E-Bay.  That's a far cry from the case (12) I purchased years ago for something on the order of $5 per mask which included West German filters.  For those of you who aren't well prepared or aren't well heeled let me suggest The Junk Science, Do-It-Yourself -- Gas Mask below:
Sierra Times
The Junk Science, Do-It-Yourself -- Gas Mask
NOTE: Click on the above URL to view the many pictures in the article.
Wayne Hicks 10.03.01
(Note to my readers: I'll be following this with a Chem-Bio Protection system for small children, and a Do-it-yourself chem-bio shelter...  only here at Sierra Times!--WH)
Wayne has compiled a new e-book: Junk Science Survival that contains many instructions and much more information on how to apply some of these ideas to your own practical use!  Click below for more With the current state of affairs, and the repeated warnings by high-level Government Officials of possible, and even probable, Bio-Chemical Attacks on America, it seems to be time to apply the 'Real American Junk Science" philosophy to personal protection, and, based on the constant references in the news media to the demand for gas masks that can no longer be purchased, that item won first place in the list.
The strange looking girl in the photo above is my Daughter, DaniJo, and she is wearing a dual-filtered homemade gas mask that will, hopefully, afford her some protection in the event our small town becomes the target of a bio-chem attack.  The two-stage filter is made of plastic bottles containing various filter materials, connected together by medical-grade clear neoprene tubing, and mated to a standard oxygen nose-mouth face mask.  The eyepiece started out as an off-the-shelf eye-protector, and the housing is nothing more than a section of automotive inner-tube into which all of the relevant pieces have been secured with staples and rubber cement.
Air is drawn into the filter bottles through a length of 3/8 inch copper tubing which extends through the bottle's cap and all the way to the bottom.  The end is crimped so that air comes out of it in small streams.
The bottle contains rubbing alcohol, and air drawn through it rises through the alcohol in tiny bubbles, hopefully killing any germs along the way.  Also attached to the cap of the bottle, right beside the copper tubing, is one end of a length of our medical-grade tubing, and the air, which has bubbled up above the level of the alcohol, is now drawn through it to the second stage filter.
In this smaller filter bottle, the incoming tube also rests on the bottom, but it is covered with a large wadding of HEPA filter material removed from a HEPA vacuum cleaner bag.  It is then covered with four ounces of powdered activated charcoal, which is in turn sealed into place with a stuffing of more HEPA material.  The piece of tubing seen protruding from the side of the mouthpiece and wrapping around the mask is connected to the air exhaust valve, a small automotive one-way valve (called a PCV valve) that allows the air you exhale to vent from the filter system without building up positive pressure in the bottle.  When you inhale, the small amount of vacuum you apply to the filters and lines causes the valve to close, preventing any outside air from returning to the mask.  Since the exhaust-valve tubing is six inches long, any air in the tubing that might get sucked in before the ball can close is only air that you have already filtered and breathed out, and therefore presents no danger.  A second PCV valve is placed in the line from the filters to the mask, but reversed, so that it opens when you breathe in and closes when you breathe out.
Activated Charcoal absorbs many times its own weight in contaminants that pass through it, and while air flows freely through the charcoal powder and the HEPA material; particles as small as 0.3 microns do Powdered Activated Charcoal is well known as the world's most effective absorbent.  Activated Charcoal is like a magnetic sponge, that will adsorb any living or nonliving substance that has the opposite electrical charge.  It is made by cremating hardwood logs or coconut shells.  The resulting Charcoal is then steamed, producing microscopic tunnels.  Lastly, it is processed to produce sizes from blocks down to powder.  Different sizes of the resulting Activated Charcoal are used for different purposes.  When any gases or liquids pass by &/or through the Activated Charcoal, the substances as mentioned before will be attracted to it's surface.  Activated Charcoal can adsorb over 4,000 chemicals including drugs, poisons, toxins, and heavy metals, plus pathogens!  It is used in Air and Water filters all around the world.
HEPA filtration technology was developed by the U.S.  Atomic Energy Commission to remove airborne radioactive particles.  In order to be considered true HEPA filter it must be capable of removing 99.97% of particles as small as 0.3 microns.  Today HEPA filter is used in such places as hospitals and manufactures' clean rooms where clean air is absolutely vital.  ALL known bacteria will die when trapped in the HEPA filters, for after passing through the alcohol and Activated Charcoal elements, there is no moisture available to facilitate their growth, and they lose their own internal moisture rapidly.
This mask, as ridiculous as it looks, should be functional in protecting you against most bio-chemical attacks we may face, and here's why:
BIO ATTACKS: Because biological toxins are not volatile, as are chemical agents, and with rare exceptions, do not directly affect the skin, an aggressor would have to present toxins to target populations in the form of respirable aerosols, which allow contact with the more vulnerable inner surfaces of the lung.  This, fortunately, makes even our homemade gas mask potentially effective against such a threat, since it will absorb/trap particles as small as 0.3 microns.  Almost all biological attack threats are made up of aerosol particles between 0.5 and 5 microns in diameter.
CHEMICAL ATTACKS: During an attack with Chemical agents, the respiratory system must be protected against aerosols and gases in the air (at the same time, it's a good idea to protect the rest of the body against direct contact with chemical agents in the form of liquid or solid particles).
In addition, the respiratory system must be protected against evaporating gas.
The filter in a protective mask consists of two parts; an aerosol filter and a gas filter.  The aerosol filter is built up of a layer of fibers (HEPA).  The particles are removed when they collide with the fibers, to which they adhere.  If it is a volatile substance that adheres, it may subsequently evaporate from the aerosol filter. Consequently, it is important to design a filter whereby the gas filter component is located after the aerosol filter.
The gas filter component of the protective filter consists of Activated Charcoal, which absorbs over 400 varieties of chemical gases, including almost all known chem-warfare agents, and especially those which are most feasible to produce for use in large scale What all this tech-speak means is that this inexpensive alternative mask has a reasonable chance of keeping you alive for a period of time while you make your way to a shelter to await the "all-clear" and when I say "inexpensive", I mean it the whole thing was built for less than $30.00 in off-the-shelf parts and gathered junk, and only took about four hours of work!
The parts list runs as follows:
1 15 inch automotive inner-tube, scrounged free from a local tire store
1 pair of eye-protectors, $1.88 at Wal-Mart
1 Oxygen mask w/tubing, $3.00 from a local Medical Supplies store
1 tube "Shoe Goo" rubber cement, $2.97, Wal-Mart
1 4 oz.  Bottle of Activated Charcoal powder, $11.00, local drug store
2 small PCV valves, $2.49 each, Wal-Mart
1 package Hoover True HEPA vacuum cleaner Bags, $3.97, Wal-Mart
1 14-inch length 3/8 inch copper tubing, from an old air conditioner
1 bottle rubbing alcohol, $.88, Wal-Mart
1 2-liter pop bottle, from my trash can
1 20 oz Gatorade bottle, ditto Take a look:
Parts photo
All I did was cut out a fourteen-inch section of the inner-tube, and make cutouts for the eye-protectors and the nose/mouth mask, then push them through the holes and staple them in place.
The seams I coated with a liberal application of Shoe Goo, to ensure that they won't leak or come apart if you've ever used that stuff, you'll know what I mean!  And, by the way eye protectors have many little air holes around their housings be sure to plug them all with a layer of Shoe Goo!
Next, I removed the HEPA material from the vacuum cleaner bags in preparation for assembling and attaching the filters.  This is easy Just cut the top off the bag, and gently pull the HEPA liner out of the bag.  Be careful not to poke holes in it.
Assembling the filter bottles is the most difficult part, and even that isn't hard.  Drill two  3/8 inch holes in the cap, like so:
Make sure the copper tubing is clean, and push it through one of the holes in the cap so that it extends all the way to the bottom.  It's best if you can bend the end so that the opening cannot push against he bottom of the bottle, then use pliers to crimp the end slightly this will cause the air that comes through it to break up into small bubbles in the alcohol.  Next, cut the oxy-bottle-connector from the clear neoprene hose that came with your oxygen mask, and push the new end through the other hole in the cap, but only a short distance, say about an inch or two.  This end must always remain above the level of the alcohol in the bottle, and the bottle must always remain upright. Seal the tubes into the cap with lots of Shoe Goo!
The smaller bottle is for the dry part of the filter.  Again, drill two holes in the cap for this bottle, and then cut the neoprene line about twenty inches from where it enters the cap of the larger bottle, and push this end through one of the holes you just drilled. It should extend all the way to the bottom of the smaller bottle with a couple of inches to spare, so that you can lay it on the bottom of the bottle with cap still off.  Now, take about a ten-inch square of the HEPA material and fold it into fourths, then wrap this around the end of the tube you just put in the cap.  Secure it with a big glob of Shoe Goo and let it dry thoroughly.  Once it's dry, let it hang to the bottom of the bottle and pour in the Activated Charcoal.
Now take the rest of your HEPA material and pack it into the bottle. It doesn't matter if it gets pretty crumpled you want as much surface area exposed to the air coming through it as you can get! Once it's packed in, put the cap on and put a bead of Shoe Goo around the seam of the cap.
Take the end of the neoprene hose that is now left hanging from your mask, cut off a six-inch length and lay it aside, then push the remaining end through the last hole in the cap, only about an inch, and secure both hoses in place in their holes with more Goo!
Now, all that's left is to add the check valves, and hook it all up! This is a little tricky, so I'll go into heavy detail:
On each side of your oxygen mask, there are some holes arranged in about a quarter-inch circle drill or punch through one or two of them on one side, until you have a 3/8 inch hole, then use Shoe Goo to close up all of the others, on both sides.  Take the six-inch length of tubing you laid aside a few moments ago, and push it into the hole in the mask, then secure it with Shoe Goo, and use more Goo to glue it alongside the mask so that it curves upward around towards the ear.  Now, grab on of the PCV valves and look at the arrow on the side of it to see which way it allows air to flow.  You want to attach it to the hose so that it allows air to come I from the hose, but not go back in in other words, the arrow should point AWAY from the hose!  Seal the connection with Shoe Goo!
The final step is to connect the main filter line to the mask, and make sure that any holes in the connector (some have them) are sealed with Goo, and then cut the line about four inches below the mask, and get your other PCV valve.  This time, you want the arrow to point TOWARDS THE MASK this will allow air to come in from the filters, but will not let your exhales go back into the filter bottles. Instead, this will force your exhaled breath to exit the mask through the exhaust valve that we put alongside the mask itself.  Put the valve in place, then seal both ends of it to the hoses with Goo to make sure you don't have a leak.
Putting the mask on is a little tricky, and you need to practice until you can get it on and tightly in place in about four or five seconds.  Just pull the mask over your head, like a ski mask, but pull gently on the front of it and firmly on the back until it sits snugly in place and lines up on your eyes and mouth.  Adjust it for as much comfort as you can manage remember, it's part of an inner tube and may be a little tight.  This can be relieved partly by cutting away part of the back of the mask, making a hole that the back of your head can protrude into.  If it's still too tight, I'd suggest getting a bigger inner tube and start again I would never cut the back open and try to make straps work on it.
Well, that's about it You now have a gas mask that costs little, and while it may not be pretty, it will give you a lot better chance of staying alive than you'll have without one.
I'm making these for my whole family, and am working on a more portable design.  If you have any questions, feel free to email me directly at redneck
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-02 23:36:11
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: World Socialist Web On PGP creator 
PGP creator defends right to encrypt emails against calls for a ban
By Mike Ingram
1 October 2001
[ Home page:  ]
Philip Zimmermann, the creator of Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)
encryption software, has issued a statement aimed at clarifying his
attitude towards encryption in the aftermath of the September 11
terrorist attacks in New York and Washington.
The statement, published on the technology site Slashdot, begins:
"The Friday September 21 Washington Post carried an article by Ariana
Cha that I feel misrepresents my views on the role of PGP encryption
software in the September 11th terrorist attacks."
Referring to a claim in the article that he was "overwhelmed with
feelings of guilt", Zimmermann says, "I never implied that in the
interview, and specifically went out of my way to emphasise to her
that was not the case, and made her repeat back to me this point so
that she would not get it wrong in the article. This
misrepresentation is serious, because it implies that under the
duress of terrorism I have changed my principles on the importance of
cryptography for protecting privacy and civil liberties in the
information age."
Zimmermann says that due to the political sensitivity of the issue,
he had the reporter read most of the article back to him by phone,
before she submitted it for publication. He insists, "the article had
no such statement or implication when she read it to me. The article
that appeared in the Post was significantly shorter than the
original, and had the above-mentioned crucial change in wording. I
can only speculate that her editors must have taken some
inappropriate liberties in abbreviating my feelings to such an
inaccurate soundbite."
He says he told Cha, "I felt bad about the possibility of terrorists
using PGP, but that I also felt that this was outweighed by the fact
that PGP was a tool for human rights around the world, which was my
original intent in developing it ten years ago."
Speculating on the reason for the misrepresentation in the Post
article, Zimmermann says, "It appears that this nuance of reasoning
was lost on someone at the Washington Post. I imagine this may be
caused by this newspaper's staff being stretched to their limits last
Zimmermann concludes his statement; "I have always enjoyed good
relations with the press over the past decade, especially with the
Washington Post. I'm sure they will get it right the next time."
Given the seriousness of the distortion that had appeared, this
reporter contacted Cha to ask if the Post would be issuing a
retraction of the article. Cha said in reply, "What I did not realise
was that some people would take the idea that he was feeling 'guilty'
would imply that he felt he did something wrong, despite the fact
that the story says he doesn't feel he made a mistake. That was not
my intention and I apologise for any misunderstanding. The way we
were thinking about 'guilt' was simply in terms of people feeling bad
or somehow responsible, even though there may be no reason for that.
She added, "I've talked to Mr. Zimmermann about this story several
times since it ran-in fact the day after the story was in the paper
he called me to thank me for it and tell me how much he liked it. He
did not mention any possible problem until this weekend when he
reached me at home." Cha said she accepted that Zimmermann, "needed
to put out a statement to clarify that he had not changed his views
that allowing the public to have strong encryption does more good
than harm."
Whatever the facts about Zimmermann's initial thoughts on the
article, his attributing the misrepresentations contained in the
article to editorial laxity is clearly not credible.
The September 21 Post article was published amidst a concerted
campaign by the Bush administration and a compliant media to channel
public opinion behind support for anti-democratic measures. The
tragic events of September 11 have been used to mount a wholesale
attack on civil liberties, one focus of which has been an
unprecedented intrusion into peoples' online privacy. Under these
conditions, it is hardly accidental that an interview commissioned
with Zimmermann is slanted to paint a picture of the man responsible
for the development of encryption consumed with grief and regret in
the aftermath of the terrorist attack. Such an article fits in with
the tenor of official propaganda insisting that so horrific is the
tragedy, only the most insensitive would object to a necessary
curtailing of civil liberties.
Zimmermann's public stance, as expressed in the Slashdot statement,
is entirely justified. Saying that the Post article "showed that I'm
not an ideologue when faced with a tragedy of this magnitude," he
"Did I re-examine my principles in the wake of this tragedy? Of
course I did. But the outcome of this re-examination was the same as
it was during the years of public debate, that strong cryptography
does more good for a democratic society than harm, even if it can be
used by terrorists. Read my lips: I have no regrets about developing
Rather than the response to a terrorist outrage, the present moves to
curb encryption and for closer monitoring of Internet use is the
outcome of a long held desire by the security services to be able to
monitor the movements and correspondence of every individual.
Sections of the US political elite have never reconciled themselves
to having been forced to abandon the so-called "escrow" plan,
requiring decoding keys used for private messages to be given to the
government. Neither have they accepted the December 1999 decision to
abandon controls on the use of "strong encryption."
Writing in the Online section of the Guardian newspaper in Britain,
Duncan Campbell exposes the claim that encryption played a key role
in regard to the terror attacks in the US. Campbell writes, "FBI
investigators had been able to locate hundreds of email
communications, sent 30 to 45 days before the attack... The messages,
in both English and Arabic, were sent within the US and
internationally... According to the FBI, the conspirators had not
used encryption or concealment methods. Once found, the emails could
be openly read. [Emphasis added]
Campbell cites Dr Brian Gladman, formerly responsible for electronic
security at the Ministry of Defence and NATO, who "believes that the
reason that the terrorists didn't use encrypted emails is that would
have 'stood out like a sore thumb' to NSA's surveillance network,
enabling them to focus on who they were."
For the real reason for the calls for increased surveillance and a
ban on encryption, one must look back to the period immediately prior
to the terrorist attack when tens of thousands of people were
protesting against the injustices of global capital in Seattle,
Melbourne, Quebec and Genoa. It was then that media commentators and
government spokesmen began talking about the role of the Internet in
allowing people to organise on a global scale and demanded an
effective means of preventing the free association of millions of
people desirous of social and political change.
See Also:
Internet privacy threatened following terrorist attacks on US
[24 September 2001]
Copyright 1998-2001
World Socialist Web Site
All rights reserved
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-02 23:04:16
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Investor's Business Daily: Government Trust Grows Despite Its 
Thought you might get a laugh out of the following piece.
FreeMatt's Alerts have been probably the finest source of news & ideas I have seen since the 9/11 terrorist attacks. You have been putting out great stuff!
take it easy,
Investor's Business Daily
October 2, 2001
Government Trust Grows Despite Its Inability to Protect
by JAMES BOVARD
Like a phoenix rising from the ashes, Americans' trust in government is
soaring after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The number of people who
trust the government to do the right thing has doubled since last year, and now
is more than three times higher than in 1994. According to a Washington Post poll
released on Sept. 27, 64% of Americans now "trust the government in Washington
to do what is right" either "just about always" or "most of the time."
Ronald Brownstein, a Los Angeles Times columnist, declared on Sept. 19: "At
the moment the first fireball seared the crystalline Manhattan sky last
week, the entire impulse to distrust government that has become so central
to U.S. politics seemed instantly anachronistic." Brownstein's headline - "The
Government, Once Scorned, Becomes Savior" - captured much of the
establishment media's response to the attacks.
It is puzzling that trust in government would soar after the biggest
intelligence/law enforcement failure since the surprise attack on Pearl
Harbor. At least in the first weeks after the attack, the federal
government's prestige appears higher than at any time since the start of
the  Vietnam War.
The Post poll also revealed that the disastrous attacks of Sept. 11 greatly
increased Americans' confidence that government will protect them against
terrorists.  From 1995 through 1997, the results consistently showed that only between
35% and 37% of Americans had "a great deal" or "a good amount" of  confidence
that the feds would deter domestic attacks by terrorists. In hindsight, the
public was far more prescient than were the Washington policy-makers who
chose not to make defending against such attacks a high priority.
In the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks, confidence in government's
ability to deter terrorist attacks has soared - clocking in at 66%, almost double
the percentage in the most recent previous Washington Post poll on this
question in June 1997.
The bigger the catastrophe, the more credulous many people seem to become.
The worse government failed to protect people in the past, the more certain
most people become that government will protect them in the future.
Prominent liberals are capitalizing on the new mood to call for razing the
restraints on government power. Wall Street Journal columnist Al Hunt says
it's "time to declare a moratorium on government-bashing.... For the foreseeable future,
the federal government is going to invest or spend more, regulate more and exercise more
control over our lives," he rejoices.
"There is no real debate over expansion (of government power) in general."
Washington Post columnist Jim Hoagland snipped, "Ideologues on the right
saw government as an evil to be rolled back." In a breathtaking leap of logic,
he reasons: "The terror assaults on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon
... should profoundly shake the less-is-more philosophy that was the
driving force for the tax-cut politics of Bush and conservative Republicans."
But there is no evidence that Osama bin Laden targeted the U.S. because of
ire over George Bush's proposal to reduce the estate tax. Hoagland's effort
is reminiscent of liberal efforts after the assassination of John F.
Kennedy to paint right-wingers everywhere as unindicted co-conspirators in
Kennedy's killing.
It is difficult to understand how the failures of the CIA, the FBI, and the
Federal Aviation Administration could generate a blank check for all other
federal agencies to exert more control over 270 million Americans. The
success of the disastrous attacks of Sept. 11 were due far more to gross
negligence and a shortage of competence than to a shortage of power.
The federal government needs sufficient power to protect Americans against
terrorist attacks and to harshly punish the perpetrators of the recent attacks. But
such power shouldn't place a golden crown on the head of every would-be
bureaucratic dictator, from the lowest village zoning enforcer to the most
deluded federal agency chieftain.
The blind glorification of government, now popular, puts almost all
liberties at grave risk. At least for the time being, people have lost any
interest in government's batting average - either for actually protecting
citizens or for abusing power. The best hope for the survival and defense
of liberty is that enough Americans will recall the type of history lessons
that public schools never teach.
At this time of national crisis, we must forget neither our political
heritage nor the inherent limits of any governmental machinery.
Government has a vital role in defending Americans from deadly foreign
threats. But nothing that happened on Sept. 11 or since changed the
fundamental nature of American government.
James Bovard is the author of "Feeling Your Pain: The Explosion & Abuse of
Government Power in the Clinton-Gore Years"(St. Martin's Press, 2000) and a
policy advisor to the Future of Freedom Foundation.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-10 04:51:29
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: US Food Aid Propaganda 
Earlier I had sent notice of an article to my mailing list (Freematt's Alerts) titled "One object of information warfare -- or "infowar"..."  the original located at .  Then as a watched the news tonight I heard again what I've been hearing on various American media ad infinitum that the US Military had dropped 37,500 food packages along with the first wave of attacks on Afghanistan, on Sunday.  Realizing that there are several million refugees in the northern areas of Afghanistan, such a small number of food packages doesn't seem really that adequate.  But if you realize why the US Military would bother dropping such minuscule numbers of aid packages it only makes sense with a backdrop of PSYOPS.
"We call psychological operations (PSYOPS) the ultimate weapon," said retired Col. Jim Noll, who commanded the 13th Psychological Operations Battalion in the Persian Gulf War and helped develop tactics that led to the surrender of large numbers of Iraqi troops. For example, U.S. food distribution to Afghan refugees has "far-reaching psychological impact," Noll said."
My theory is that if you hear that the US is dropping food packages along with bombs it reinforces the propaganda that the US is doing this to "help" the Afghan people.  It doesn't matter from a psychological operations perspective if the aid is effective but rather it only matters if the target group thinks you're helping.  In this case the target audience being the Afghan refugees and the unwitting American media consumer.
I'm rather disappointed but certainly not surprised that the establishment media doesn't pick up on any of this.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-10 16:52:44
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Comments on US Food Aid Propaganda 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  The food packages in question each provide roughly 2200 calories and are dropped from around 10,000 feet with a parachute like device attached to prevent injury when they land.  Bill Walker, Peter Trei and Danny Yee below have the best    yeah, what is 37,000 food packages? 20 tons? less than one planeload... meanwhile the food aid that was supporting 5 million Afghans is cut off.
i think one of the british articles mentioned the point.
at least i'd heard it somewhere in the last day. but another
possibility is they're telling the truth, and 37k packages
is simply the first installment
This is one of those things where you can run the numbers.
      ...37500 meals dropped on Sunday. The packages don't
look like they weighed much more than a pound. Lets be very
generous, and say 1 kilo.
That's 37.5 metric tons in one night, max. Sounds like a lot?
According to the World Food Program website (
the UN is trying to truck in 52,000 tons a month. Assuming a
30 day month, that's 1733 tons/day.
The US bombing shut down the UN aid delivery for a few days,
(it's now going ahead again, even under fire, because the
need is so critical).
The US airdrops replaced, at the very maximum, less then
2.5% of the food whose delivery was prevented by the
I'm reminded of the recent corporate ad from RJ Reynolds,
where they made of deal of delivering some amount (less
then 10 tons, I think) or aid to Kosovo. That amounted to
a single truckload. They then spent many times the cost
of the aid on airtime to trumpet their humanitarian efforts.
Peter Trei
Dear Matt,
Great for you to point out this important aspect of the U.S. war campaign.
Considering the altitude at which these drops are being made on pallets, the further question is whether such drops might actually be viewed by the Afghani people as the U.S. dumping garbage since that is likely what the cargo will be upon impact.
Best regards,
David J. Theroux
Founder and President
The Independent Institute
100 Swan Way
Oakland, CA 94621-1428
510-632-1366 Phone
510-568-6040 Fax
Why has the news media not noticed that a similar program is not available to Iraq? I thought we were starving the Iraq citizens in order to inspire them to throw out their worthless leader. I'm very confused now.
Leon Felkins
This is lowballing.  Look at how the folks gave time and money and supplies
to the people and their families who were wiped out in NYC.   That was not
Look at what is planned, not just by Bush and Blair, but Chretien, and
others, to help rebuild, including lots and lots of food (like 8 million
tons to move in as soon as it is stable there).  The food drop is obviously
of psyops value, but at 4 bucks a package, plus transport costs, it is a far
cry from leaflets and radio announcements.
Just to be fair, put it into context of what the USA did for Japan when
McArthur said send me bread or send me rifles.  We sent lots of bread, as
well as medical and construction crews.
Air drops of food aid are a resort of last desperation; most of it will
never be found or used.  So dropping 40 000 food packages is definitely
just a media stunt -- I can't see it having any real effect at all on
the Afghan population it's supposed to be feeding.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-23 05:46:33
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re:  FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
And you base your doubts on what?  The FBI's sterling track record?
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-26 19:41:25
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
Of course you may have to read standing up until you get used to it.
Regards,  Matt-
Rape used as control in U.S. prisons
By NEVE GORDON
National Catholic Reporter, September 14, 2001
Many prisoners are targeted for sexual exploitation the minute they enter a
penal facility; their age, looks, sexual preference and other
characteristics mark them as candidates for maltreatment. In a new
groundbreaking report, Human Rights Watch documents the widespread
prisoner-on-prisoner rape in U.S. men's prisons. The rights group accuses
state authorities of not taking measures to prevent and punish rape and, in
many cases, for allowing this cruel form of abuse to persist.
One reads that in extreme incidents prisoners find themselves the "slaves"
of their rapists. Forced to satisfy another man's sexual appetites upon
demand, they may also be responsible for washing his clothes, massaging his
back, cooking his food and cleaning his cell. They are frequently "rented
out" for sex services, sold or even auctioned off to other inmates.
One prisoner from Arkansas wrote to Human Rights Watch: "I had no choice
but to submit to being Inmate B's prison wife. Out of fear for my life, I
submitted to [him]. In all reality, I was his slave, as the Officials of
the Arkansas Department of Corrections  did absolutely nothing."
"Rapes are unimaginably vicious and brutal," writes Joanne Mariner, deputy
director of the Americas division of Human Rights Watch, and author of "No
Escape: Male Rape in U.S. Prisons." Gang assaults are not uncommon, and
victims may be left beaten, bloody and even dead; they almost always suffer
from extreme psychological stress, including nightmares, deep depression,
shame and self-hatred, which may lead to suicide. There are also known
cases whereby the victim has contracted HIV.
No conclusive national data exists regarding the prevalence of this
phenomenon, but the most recent statistical survey, published in the Prison
Journal, revealed that 21 percent of inmates in seven Midwestern prisons
had experienced at least one episode of pressured or forced sex since being
incarcerated, and at least 7 percent had been raped in their facility.
Correctional authorities generally deny that rape is a serious problem. In
Human Rights Watch's survey of all 50 states, not one correctional
authority reported abuse rates even approaching those found by the rights
group. The authorities' reluctance to acknowledge the scale of the
violation is reflected not only in misleading official statistics, but also
in a glaringly inadequate response to incidents of rape.
When an inmate informs an officer he has been threatened with rape or,
worse, actually assaulted, his complaint is seldom investigated, and only
in rare instances is an inmate protected from further abuse. "U.S. state
prisons have failed to take even obvious, basic steps necessary to tackle
prison rape," Mariner writes. "This deliberate indifference has had tragic
In the report, one reads of M.R., a Texas inmate who was violently raped
and beaten several times over a period of several months by the same
prisoner. Fearful for his life, he reported the abuse to the prison
authorities, but received no protection. In fact one investigator dismissed
the complaint as a "lovers' quarrel." Finally one day the rapist showed up
in M.R.'s cell and attacked him. M.R. suffered a broken jaw, left
collarbone and finger, a dislocated left shoulder, lacerations to his scalp
and two major concussions that caused internal bleeding. The rapist was
never criminally prosecuted.
Why, one might ask, do prison authorities turn a blind eye to this horrific
phenomenon?  While Human Rights Watch does not directly deal with this
issue, it appears that the authorities' lack of response is premeditated.
Rape is an effective, albeit ruthless, mechanism of inmate control.
By allowing rape to go on, the "correctional" authorities ensure that
prisoner violence is contained within the cells. Frustrated prisoners are
permitted to release aggression on condition that they direct it against
other inmates, not the authorities. That the victims, who comprise as much
as 20 percent of 2 million inmates held in U.S. prisons and jail, live in
perpetual fear is also conducive to control. Divide and conquer is the name
of the game; the fact that it amounts to horrendous violations of human
rights does not really interest the prison authorities.
Neve Gordon teaches in the department of politics and government at Ben
Gurion University, Israel.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-29 12:30:11
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Pravda Propaganda On The NRA, GOA and Militias 
The copyright is something that they haven't changed on their website-Hasn't been updated.
I had one of my Russian friends check Pravda to see how Bill White's article was inserted (Since I can't read Russian fluently).  Here is what he said:
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-10-26 15:27:24
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Pravda Propaganda On The NRA, GOA and Militias 
Oct, 18 2001
20:11 2001-10-18
BILL WHITE: GUN GROUPS SEE STEADY BLEED INTO MILITIAS; DOMESTIC UNREST STILL GROWING IN UNITED STATES
When agents of America's US Marshals surrounded the Indiana Baptist Temple, accusing the church and its parishioners of violating US tax laws by refusing to pay social security taxes on non-clergical employees, they didn't charge in with guns blazing, as they did at Waco. Concern about bad publicity was there, but there was a more serious concern just under the surface - the Southern Indiana Regional Militia, a 250-man "unorganized" citizen's militia unit, had pledged to defend the church - and their threats were taken seriously.
"Steps have been taken and we are ready to respond if something does happen," Roger Stalcup, elected commander of the militia, told Indiana's Hoosier Times, "It's my opinion that if you've got people in that church and the U.S. marshals go in, anything can happen"
His statements were taken seriously, and his unit, which marches under the slogan "God Bless The Republic -- Death to the New World Order", was listed in a press release by the US Marshals as a major reason they chose to negotiate, rather than raid, the dissident religious group's headquarters. The Southern Indiana Regional Militia had been trained in small-unit tactics by former US military personnel, several of whom hold officer ranks in the citizen's group, and their ability to take on the US government in a fire fight could not only have been difficult for the federal police forces - it could have been disastrous.
The Southern Indiana Regional Militia is not an isolated phenomena - it is one of hundreds of similar units which have been growing in size and influence across the country since the announcement by George the First of his plans for a "New World Order" - a New World Order that many Americans believe is planning to destroy the US Constitution and enact dictatorial martial law in the name of the United Nations and the international corporate-socialism.
Origins In America's Gun Activist Community
There are three issues that motivate America's militia movement - support of gun rights, opposition to taxation, and opposition to the United Nations and the loss of America's sovereignty to global corporate rule - a system the militias see as socialism and anti-globalists label capitalism, and which is really a blend of the worst elements of the two. Among these issues, the most important, the one that seems most immediately threatening, and which has been the prime motivation for the existence of the militia movement, has been the possibility of nation-wide confiscation of firearms by the US Federal government. In America, the people know that the foundation of their liberty is their ability to use firearms to resist government police and military personnel, and it is widely believed that an attempt to confiscate their arms will be the first step in imposing a dictatorship on US citizens. Daily this has seemed more real, and thus there has been a steady bleed of activists out of mainstream groups like the National Rifle Association, and into more confrontational activist groups, like Gun Owners of America and the Tyranny Response Team, and eventually into militias and other armed non-governmental formations.
The NRA recently reported in the last election, with voters faced with the threat of anti-gun Al Gore
winning the presidency, that its membership surged from under three million to over four million. Some say that number is slowly edging closer to five. In a nation of 280 million people, nearly 1.5% of the population - one person out of sixty six - is a member of the country's largest gun lobby.
It is from these membership figures, and from the ability to mobilize large numbers of activists at the local level and bring them out to work polls and fill campaign offices for pro-gun politicians, that the NRA has always derived its power. While there is no doubt of the NRA's monetary power, it's opponents, often funded by billionaires like Andrew J. McKelvey, can usually match or exceed it in that arena. What the NRA has that anti-gun groups don't is the ability to bring out tens of thousands of Americans each election cycle to hand out literature, plant road signs, fold mailings, and engage in the community activism needed to fight anti-gun legislation. But it is in this arena that upstart groups have offered the most competition.
Gun Owners of America, headed by Larry Pratt, is a radically pro-gun organization that, in contrast to the NRA, has called for the elimination of all regulations on firearms purchases and ownership, including mandatory background checks, and which has taken a hard line against the United Nations. Pratt is a radical Constitutionalist and Christian who openly mixes his religious beliefs with his politics, and has been accused of sharing the stage with even more extreme leaders - including members of the Aryan Nations and the Ku Klux Klan (though he has not been accused of sharing their views). In 1996, that accusation forced Pratt out as an aid to the Buchanan campaign. In 1998, according to anti-gun researcher Kenneth Stern, Pratt's organization had 100,000 members. Now, similar anti-gun researchers estimate his group has grown to as many as 150,000 - 200,000 in size, and there is no question that the core of his strength is NRA grassroots activists who are leaving the NRA to be involved in more militant forms of activism.
Another group that has worked with Pratt's, and which forms an even more confrontational front of its own, is the Tyranny Response Team, a network of pro-gun "minute men", based on the minute men militias of the American Revolution, who go out to anti-gun events and to speeches by anti-gun politicians to confront and challenge the often skewed and distorted presentation of gun politics. The TRT, founded by Jewish gun store owner Bob Glass, has also gone beyond gun activism, holding regular 500-man protests against the Internal Revenue Service and the United Nations conference on small arms. While the TRT declined to give out membership information, it has branches in approximately 33 states, and most branches have 50 to 100 regular active members, meaning the group comprises at least 1500 regular activists nationwide - with an unknown number of less-active "supporting" members.
These groups, with their anti-globalist, anti-UN rhetoric and primitive class perspective - what Americans call "populism" - have begun to draw more radical elements of the NRA, such as Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre, to adopt similar rhetoric. In a recent issue of America's First Freedom - the NRA's fast-growing political magazine - LaPierre denounced global corporations, the wealthy, and ruling-class billionaires as being behind the plot to take away America's Second Amendment rights.
And while groups like Gun Owner's of America and the Tyranny Response Team are not militias per se, and often engage in very mainstream pandering in some of their rhetoric - the headquarters branch of the TRT in particular is ultra-Zionist, with its members sometimes appearing in public with yellow Stars of David reading "gun owner" in an attempt to link the current conflict between gun owners and the US government with the conflict between Jews and the German Third Reich - they serve as a bridge for gun owners who don't want to engage in the compromising, pro-Republican politics of the NRA, but who also reject the more extreme step of joining armed formations that openly challenge the power of the central government - groups like the Southern Indiana Regional Militia.
A Case Study In Radical Growth
Recently, in Montgomery County, Maryland, a relatively affluent suburb of Washington, DC, the local government attempted to ban gun shows - large, open exhibitions where guns and traded and sold on tables set up at the local fairgrounds. The result was a series of protests that destroyed the local NRA organization, led to the radicalization of its local head, and which left a definite imprint on local politics.
Augustus Alzona, an official in the Maryland Republican Party Central Committee, and the head of the County NRA's lobbying division at the time (NRA-ILA), was incensed at the decision of local officials to ban trading in guns. When he heard that a hearing was planned, he began organizing members to show up and protest the government's But Greg Costa, the NRA's official lobbyist in the State of Maryland, was equally incensed at Alzona's decision to hold protests. Costa views the NRA as a "moderate" and "non-confrontational" organization, and decided to make his legislative priority in the state not a pending local ban on gun shows, but stopping a noise ordinance that would have threatened a business investment he had made in a local shooting range. He ordered Alzona not to hold protests, and when Alzona refused, Costa fired him from his position in the NRA:
"I told him I didn't want them to protest and he wouldn't listen. I can't have people doing what I tell them not to do," Costa told a Pravda source.
The meeting collapsed in a raucous bout as pro-gun protestors threatened to shoot local Councilmembers if they passed the legislation. Local news media focused on the role of the Tyranny Response Team in the protests, though the truth was that most of the anger came from more radical elements not affiliated with the TRT group. For Alzona, it was a decisive moment. He took on a new role in the TRT Maryland group as its Volunteer Media Coordinator. Regarding the NRA, he told Pravda that Costa was a liar, and that his non-involvement in activism was a motivator for this defection:
"I've never spoken to [Costa] regarding the gun show bill and any of it's ramifications - never have, so far. I did try to reach him to discuss last February's hearing a week before the hearing, but, never did."
And Alzona isn't the only Maryland activist that sees the NRA and its lobby as ineffective, unreachable, and out of touch. John Latham, a gun activist who joined the NRA in the wake of the anti-gun hysteria that followed the Columbine shootings, decided to move over to the TRT as well. He has now declared he is running for the State Legislature as an Independent in Maryland's 16th legislative district, and told Pravda he left the NRA because he grew tired of the people and their perspective on what gun rights activism means:
"A man reaches a certain age he decides he wants to have a club," Latham told Pravda, "I don't consider that real activism  that's a club, not a lobby."
The Real Activists
The Southern Poverty Law Center, a rather shady group of lawyers who make profit by suing organizations they label as "hateful", has been reporting that the number of "militia" groups active in the United States has been declining. Unfortunately, their research is badly skewed, as they count as a "militia" group anyone who opens a post office box and declares themselves a one-man "militia". Other figures, such as those circulated by the ADL, a Jewish organization which is opposed to the private ownership of firearms, estimates that while the number of groups may be shrinking, this is due to a consolidation of activists in a smaller number of larger organizations, and that as many as one million Americans may be sympathetic to, and peripherally involved in, militia activity.
This has been evidenced as well by the "radicalization" of mainstream groups that share common views with the militias, but until recently have not shared the militia's extreme image and tactics. Southern groups - groups that represent the values of America's White Southern minority - have been particularly radicalized in recent months with the continuation of a campaign by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a pro-black group with origins in the communist movement of the turn of the last century, to destroy public monuments to the Southern Revolution and to the Southern Nation - known as "Dixie" -- which existed from 1861-1865 during the American Civil War. With a heritage based in revolt against the US federal government, and with an often deeply held belief in the independence of the states and the decentralization of government power, views that motivate Southern political thinking and ideology have definitely exerted their influence over militia thinkers.
One militia group based in Southern values that recently drew attention was the Militia of Georgia, an armed formation consisting of what researchers claim is 300 men who operate in at least 20 cells throughout the state, which ordered its members to mobilize in the wake of the September 11 bombings, and to be on guard against attempts by the government to use the bombings to create a New World Order. The local commander, Jimmy Wynn, in a message to his "When we cease to intervene in the affairs of every nation on earth, maybe some of these people will leave us alone.  The WTC attack should be a WAKE UP CALL. I need each of you to become involved  each of you needs to take preparedness seriously (we could go to war and it could reach our shores)  The biggest thing we need is commitment: the commitment  [to] prepare ourselves. THE TIME FOR ACTION IS NOW!!!"
The Potential For Separatism
America's Southerners aren't the only regional-ethnic groups seeking independence from the cosmopolitan internationalism of the nations' elite. Rural New Englanders have launched a "blood and soil" separatist movement of their own. Carolyn Chute's Second Maine Militia, a group that has mixed right-wing, left-wing, and green politics, as well as regional ethnic identity and national separatism, into a 500+ man armed formation based in Northern New England and Canada's eastern provinces, re-released a manifesto calling for people in New England and Canada to revolt and create a new nation - the New Atlantic Confederacy - independent of either government, should the impending war on terrorism cause the central government to lose the ability to maintain control in America's more remote rural areas. Her movement is explicitly pro-gun and anti-capitalist, and deals regularly with other "right-wing" militia organization active in the area. As Chute put it in a 2000 interview:
"Behind all those urban killings are people created by the Great Progressive Society. These people are not revolting against the Great Progressive Society. They are raw imitations of the Great Progressive Society. We are led to believe that the professional middle class are the winners, the working class are the losers.  As I see it, class is about values, dependence and ways of communicating. The working class person values place, interdependence, cooperation, the tribe. Rural working class especially values land. Many of us would kill to keep our land, our home, which for thousands of years was not considered a crazy thing to do. Middle-class professionals are into "success" and they are a dependent people, happily dependent on the consumer system for everything. You call it independence. But if you lost your electricity, your service people, your access to stores, you'd see how independent you are! Working-class people have become dependent on these things, too, but working-class values resent this And Chute's movement is growing. She recently joked that she could probably maintain 1500 men under arms in the State of Maine alone "if she could keep up with the mail", and in a state of emergency, the number of women seeking protection under arms from ready formations would likely swell those ranks.
With groups like Chute's growing in every state of the Union, and the central government growing more and more willing to enact the kind of emergency measures that these groups are willing to fight against, the potential for wide-spread confrontation, and wide-spread revolt, particularly in the context of a break-down of government control caused by massive terrorist attacks, is growing.
Domestic Unrest and Anthrax
As the US has continued to see its media and government institutions attacked by anthrax-infected letters, a debate has raged over who is responsible. The Zionist-dominated US media has used the attacks as an excuse to implicate Iraq, though that effort seems to be motivated more by political gain than the actual facts. Though Iraq was found by UN weapons inspectors, during the 1990s, to have built two missile warheads with liquid anthrax payloads, the weapons were discounted by US experts as "ineffective", and Iraq is not known to have the ability to create the refined powder form of anthrax being used in the recent attacks. In fact, that ability exists in only two organizations in two countries - the US and Russian governments.
The US federal government also appears to believe in the domestic terror theory. Recently, the Center for Disease Control re-released a 1999 report authored by Jessica Stern of the Council of Foreign Relations, stating that most anthrax threats in the United States are linked to "far-right militia" organizations. Certainly, some of the recent scares, including the mailing of over 100 bogus threat letters to Planned Parenthood clinics, match the "far-right militia" pattern. But the possibility that the actual anthrax cases are linked to militia groups has been seized on by social democratic political lobbyists in an attempt to turn the US "war on terrorism" against dissident groups back at home. Australian terrorism "specialist" Clive Williams recently told the Times of India with utmost "I think the first instances of [the anthrax threats], the ones involving media, were more likely to have been caused by extremist militia in the US who have shown an interest in anthrax in the past and tried to acquire it. The subsequent instances were basically copy-cat episodes by mentally unbalanced people."
But no US militia group is known to posses the refined, military form of anthrax being used against the US media and government, and most US militia groups are more concerned with defending themselves against anthrax than spreading it in such a way that their families and communities might be affected. That leaves a third possibility - that the recent anthrax attacks have been committed by members of the US political establishment against other members of that establishment - a theory boosted by the revelation that two of the most recent victims - Tom Brokaw and Tom Daschle - are apparently good friends who's families know each other and often vacation together in the Dakotas.
In short, it appears more likely at this point that the recent string of anthrax threats in the US is the result of a deterioration of the internal political situation, than of an outside threat to the integrity of the nation. The question of whether it is related to the growing armed dissent against the central government is open however, as it may simply be a manifestation of political factions using instability as an excuse for assassination.
Conclusion: America's Militia Movement Is Not To Be Discounted
It is clear that the rural people of American - the mostly white population descended from the original European settlers of the nation - have become alienated from the cosmopolitan blend of urban white liberals and their train of ethnically defined special interests that have gained control of America's cities. One only has to look at a map of who voted for George Bush and who voted for Al Gore to see that a clear divide has occurred between the values of the country's elite and their lackeys, and the real working people of the nation.
America's white working class, so long reviled by the intellectuals and the clique that control the government, has been organizing itself into regional-ethnically based citizen militias that are prepared to fight to restore the values of their ancestor's revolution two hundred and twenty five years ago. For the first time in a century, more of America's white population lives in rural areas than in it's cities, and that demographic change is only one indicator of the larger, more widely spread divide.
Should the American nation fracture, whether due to a massive terrorist attack, the repressive domestic policies of its government, or a combination of both, it is clear that there are thousands, if not tens of thousands, of Americans who are already organized in paramilitary armed formation for the goal of seizing power and restoring the Constitutional Republic that they feel progressive liberalism has lost them.
Osama bin Laden has said that he feels that terrorist attacks can create enough instability in America that forces that already want to change the course of the government will see it weakened enough that an opportunity to act will emerge. With the growing divorce between an imperial government of usurpation and the nation's original Constitutional principles, bin Laden may not be far off.
you may discuss the article in our forum
Copyright 1999 by "Pravda.RU". When reproducing our materials in whole or in part, reference to Pravda.RU should be made.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-11-19 08:18:09
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: MTV To Get Message Out In Arab World 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:   This is perhaps the only spike in destabilizing and de-radicalizing religious intolerants that has a good chance of working-  A culture attack aimed at their kids. The US already heavily pays for programming insertions in the American media market mostly against drug use so this is a natural extension-  MTV is a prime propaganda target with anti-drug and anti-violence (really anti-gun) story lines and  media products, such as CDs, CD-ROMs, being financed by the Justice Dept.  I've actually advocated that efforts be made to make such programming available in totalitarian countries via unblocked and unscrambled satellite feeds.  The Red Chinese currently have a problem trying to stem the flow of mini-satellite dishes-  To which I say tough luck.]
    Monday November 19 12:54 AM ET
    U.S. wants its MTV to get message out in Arab world
    By Pamela McClintock
    WASHINGTON (Variety) - The architects of the government's post-Sept.
    11 propaganda war may well want their MTV on the frontlines in the
    Arab world.
    Rushing to shift perceptions of the United States in the Islamic
    world, Washington and Hollywood are now brainstorming about how the
    entertainment business might help convey a wider -- and more positive
    -- range of perceptions about America. And no demo is more crucial to
    the future of Islamic-Western relations than the 15-30 age group.
    That's where MTV comes in.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-11-15 02:52:51
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Networks and Netwars: The Future of Terror, Crime, and 
News from RAND
Contact: John Warren
Tel: 310-393-0411, ext. 6293
Fax: 310-451-6996
Email: jwarren
1700 Main Street
P.O. Box 2138
Santa Monica, CA 90407-2138
1200 South Hayes Street
Arlington VA 22202-5050
The Growing Power of Networks
The tragic events of September 11th made brutally clear that the fight for the future is not between the armies of leading states, nor are its weapons those of conventional armed forces. Rather, today's combatants come from terrorist groups like Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda, or drug smuggling cartels like those ravaging Colombia and Mexico. On the positive side are non-violent, civil-society activists fighting for the environment, democracy and human rights. What all have in common is that they operate in small, dispersed units that can deploy nimbly-anywhere, anytime. They know how to penetrate and disrupt, as well as elude and evade. They all feature network forms of organization, doctrine, strategy, and technology attuned to the information age. And, from al-Qaeda to the Intifadah to the drug war, they are proving very hard to beat...
Networks and Netwars: The Future of Terror, Crime, and Militancy, by John Arquilla and David F. Ronfeldt, Editors, (RAND, 2001) examines this new spectrum of conflict emerging in the wake of the information revolution. Netwar includes conflicts waged, on the one hand, by terrorists, criminals, gangs, and ethnic extremists; and by civil-society activists (such as cyber activists or WTO protestors) on the other. What distinguishes netwar is the networked organizational structure of its practitioners-with many groups actually being leaderless-and their quickness in coming together in swarming attacks.
Completed shortly before terrorists attacked New York and Washington, the volume includes an Afterword analyzing the Attack on America. The events of September 11, 2001, tragically reinforced Arquilla and Ronfeldt's conclusion that in order to confront this new type of conflict, it is crucial for governments, military, and law enforcement to begin networking themselves.
"Just as a half century ago, researchers at RAND sought to understand the profound changes in strategy brought about by nuclear weapons and intercontinental ballistic missiles," says Brian Michael Jenkins, one of the world's foremost experts on terrorism and crime, "Arquilla and Ronfeldt explore the strategic implications of new information technologies in the latest installment of their seminal work... Networks and Netwars obliges us to think in new ways."
In Networks and Netwars, the editors and their colleagues examine the major instances of netwar that have occurred over the past several years-from Osama bin Laden's networked terrorists to the Battle of Seattle's social activists-and find, among other things, that netwars have generally been successful from the protagonists' perspective.
The authors also find that, despite their diversity, all networks built for waging netwar may be analyzed in terms of a common analytic framework. There are five critical levels of theory and practice: the technological, social, narrative, organizational, and doctrinal levels. A netwar actor must get all five right to be fully effective. The most potent netwarriors will not only be highly networked and have the capacity for mounting "swarming" attacks, they will also be held together by strong social ties, have secure communications technologies, and project a common "story" about why they are together and what they need to do. Like Osama Bin Laden's al-Qaeda, these are the most serious adversaries. But even those networks that are weak on some levels may pose stiff challenges to their nation-state adversaries.
With this in mind, it is necessary to go beyond simply diagnosing the nature of the networked nonstate opponent in a given conflict. "A particular challenge for the cumbersome American bureaucracy will be to encourage deep, all-channel networking among the military, law enforcement, and intelligence elements whose collaboration is crucial for achieving success," Arquilla and Ronfeldt explain in the Afterword. "U.S. agencies have been headed in this direction for years-in the areas of counter-narcotics as well as counterterrorism-but interagency rivalries and distrust have too often slowed progress."
Writers who focus on the technological aspects of netwar often miss the point. As the editors point out, "At its heart, Netwar is far more about organization and doctrine than it is about technology. The outcomes of current and future netwars are bound to confirm this."
Nathan Gardels, editor of New Perspectives Quarterly, and author of The Changing Global Order, says "Arquilla and Ronfeldt are a rare breed: strategic thinkers of the information age. In Networks and Netwars they grasp an emerging reality still lost on those preoccupied with the geostrategic balance of power: War in the future will be waged by leaderless networks that can come together quickly out of cyberspace to 'swarm' an opponent. Like few others, they recognize that the flipside of the celebrated global civil society born of the Internet is the 'uncivil society' of terrorists and criminals who will use the same means to spread havoc and "Rushing into an increasingly complex world, we need ways to probe the road ahead, to find the quicksand and pitfalls before falling in," says David Brin, author of The Postman, Earth, and The Transparent Society: Will Technology Force Us to Choose Between Privacy and Freedom? "Arquilla and Ronfeldt have taken on this hard task, searching for technological threats to a society that has grown reliant on data-based infrastructure... In this collection of cogent articles, by experts in the field of netwar, they clarify some of the dangers that await us-and reveal possible ways to avoid them. It's obviously an important and seminal work. I especially like their analysis of the key features that enable groups to be effective in this new arena of conflict."
Contents: Summary 7 The Advent of Netwar (Revisited) (John Arquilla and David Ronfeldt) 7 The Networking of Terror (Michele Zanini, Sean J.A. Edwards) 7 Transnational Criminal Networks (Phil Williams) 7 Gangs, Hooligans, and Anarchists (John P. Sullivan) 7 Networking Dissent: Cyber Activists Promote Democracy in Burma (Tiffany Danitz, Warren P. Strobel) 7 Emergence and Influence of the Zapatista Social Netwar (Ronfeldt, Arquilla) 7 Netwar in the Emerald City: WTO Protest (Paul de Armond) 7 Activism, Hacktivism, and Cyberterrorism (Dorothy E. Denning) 7 The Structure of Social Movements: Environmental Activism (Luther P. Gerlach) 7 What Next for Networks and Netwars (Ronfeldt, Arquilla) 7 Afterword (September 2001) (Arquilla, Ronfeldt)
About the Editors:
John Arquilla is associate professor of defense analysis at the Naval Postgraduate School and a consultant to RAND.
David Ronfeldt is a senior social scientist working in the International Policy and Security Group at RAND. Their publications include In Athena's Camp: Preparing for Conflict in the Information Age (RAND, 1997), The Zapatista "Social Netwar" in Mexico (RAND, 1998), The Emergence of Noopolitik (RAND, 1999), and Swarming and the Future of Conflict (RAND, 2000). They are also co-authors of numerous titles, including Countering the New Terrorism (RAND, 1999).
About the Contributors:
Paul de Armond is director of the Public Good Project, a research and education network based in Washington State that studies militant Tiffany Danitz is a journalist and a staff writer for stateline.org, an on-line news service that covers politics in the state legislatures. Earlier, she wrote extensively about national and international politics as a staff writer for Insight Magazine and The Washington Times.
Dorothy Denning is professor of computer science at Georgetown University and author of Cryptography and Data Security and Information Warfare and Security.
Sean Edwards is a doctoral fellow at the RAND Graduate School and author of Swarming on the Battlefield: Past, Present, Future.
Luther Gerlach is professor emeritus of anthropology at the University of Minnesota. He is co-author of People, Power, Change: Movements of Social Transformation and has written numerous articles on social movements and environmental risks.
Warren Strobel is a journalist who has worked at The Washington Times, U.S. News and World Report, and is currently with the Knight Ridder News Service. He has written widely about international John Sullivan is a sergeant with the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department. A specialist in terrorism, conflict disaster, urban operations, and police studies, he is editor of Transit Policing and cofounder of the Terrorism Early Warning (TEW) Group.
Phil Williams is professor of international affairs at the University of Pittsburgh and director of the Ridgway Center for International and Security Studies. He is a leading authority on transnational criminal networks.
Michele Zanini is a doctoral fellow at the RAND Graduate School and has written about information-age terrorism, NATO strategy in the Balkans and Mediterranean, and European defense planning.
Networks and Netwars: The Future of Terror, Crime and Militancy
John Arquilla and David Ronfeldt, Editors
380 pages 7 paperback 7 ISBN: 0-8330-3030-2 7 $25.00
PUBLICATION DATE: November 2001
Available at bookstores; from National Book Network (800) 462-6420; or directly from RAND. Call RAND at (310) 451-7002, or toll free (877) 584-8642 in the U.S. Website: Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-11-13 23:25:21
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Waco Prosecutor Admits Lying To Superiors Gets Probation 
Attorney in Waco case gets probation
Prosecutor admits lying to superiors
By Joe Stange / Associated Press
ST. LOUIS - Former federal prosecutor Bill Johnston was sentenced Thursday to two years of probation for withholding information about exploding tear-gas canisters used during the 1993 Branch Davidian siege near Waco.
In refusing a federal prosecutor's recommendation of a jail sentence, U.S. District Judge Charles Shaw said Mr. Johnston's motivation did not appear to be devious and also ordered him to perform 200 hours of community service.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-11-11 18:07:29
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Info Request: People Banned from Flights Based on Reading 
[Please forward to relevant lists and forums]
The American Booksellers Foundation has asked me for examples of individuals being detained or escorted off planes, airports or other facilities based on their reading material.  They have expressed an interest in protecting our choice of reading material and want to take the appropriate action.
Please send any and all examples of people being harassed, banned,asked to leave,confiscation of the reading material- Anything- to me and I'll send it to them and share the information with all of you.  Thanks-
Regards,  Matt Gaylor-
ps I already have the Philadelphia example of "Hayduke Lives! by Edward Abbey" Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-11-05 21:17:00
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Uncle Sam Wants You...To think what he manipulates you into 
Note from Matthew Gaylor: An ongoing interest of mine is the use of propaganda to shape public perceptions.   CNN's Capital Gang Bob Novak has a fascinating observation that fewer Americans joined the US military in Sept. 2001 than did in Sept. 2000.  It may prove too difficult not getting swept into the tsunami surge of patriotic war fever-  But it is vital that we recognize governmental media manipulation when it occurs-  And let me tell you it happens often. And Margaret Carlson, the syndicated columnist, whom I seldom agree with, is on target this time with a choice observation on Pat Interesting Outrages Via CNN's Capital Gang 11-03-01:
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-11-05 23:15:09
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: First Polygraphs and Then Torture? 
Note from Matthew Gaylor:  Today I read two more disturbing stories of America's slip into police statism.  The first is about a Illinois public school Nazi using a polygraph to ferret out the off school grounds activities of his students.  See:  . Dunlap, IL High School Superintendent Bill Collier said it was the right thing to do to sort the guilty from the innocent: "It may look bad, it may sound bad, but it's the fairest way."   -- One by one, the subjects were led into a room and hooked up to a polygraph machine.  The purpose: to determine whether the teen-agers violated Dunlap High School's code of conduct by attending a party where alcohol was consumed."
And I worry what might be the next step in America if polygraphs don't achieve the desired results. The New York Times reports  this chilling thought "In many quarters, the Newsweek columnist Jonathan Alter is considered a liberal. Yet there he was last week, raising this question: "In this autumn of anger," he wrote, "even a liberal can find his thoughts turning to . . . torture." He added that he was not necessarily advocating the use of "cattle prods or rubber hoses" on men detained in the investigation into the terrorist attacks. Only, "something to jump-start the stalled investigation of the greatest crime in American history." And the NYT continues:  "One week earlier, on CNN's "Crossfire," the conservative commentator Tucker Carlson said: "Torture is bad." But he added: "Keep in mind, some things are worse. And under certain circumstances, it may be the lesser of two evils. Because some evils are pretty evil."".
Now obviously giving children polygraphs and torturing terrorist suspects are very different, but what happens when the kids "crimes" are considered so heinous that stiffer measures are required? Considering the US government, public schools and other public institution's insane obsession with the war on drugs it is in my mind a hop, skip and a jump for them to come to the conclusion that torture, (like getting a teen drug pusher to revel his supplier) an acceptable technique.
Perhaps it's important to dust off your copy of The Bill of Rights and re-read the 5th amendment which explicitly states that:
"No person shall be nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law..."
See: I for one swore to uphold the US Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic and anyone who tortures suspects is someone I'd consider a traitor and enemy.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-11-24 04:45:04
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Order Now:  True Names: And the Opening of the Cyberspace 
[Note from Matt:  I made a small wager in palladium that Vinge's True Names: And the Opening of the Cyberspace Frontier would be available to order prior to Jan. 1, 2002 with a well known Cypherpunk.  And I won.   Acct# 101893.]
True Names: And the Opening of the Cyberspace Frontier
by Vernor Vinge, James Frenkel (Editor)
List Price: $14.95
Our Price: $11.96
You Save: $2.99 (20%)
This item will be published in December 2001. You may order it now and we will ship it to you when it arrives.
See larger photo
This item qualifies for free shipping on orders over $99! Click for details
Great Buy
Buy True Names: And the Opening of the Cyberspace Fron... with The Collected Stories of Vernor Vinge today! Total List Price: $42.90
Buy Together Today: $31.52
You Save: $11.38
Paperback - 384 pages (December 2001)
Tor Books; ISBN: 0312862075
Amazon.com Sales Rank: 28,271
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-11-30 04:45:19
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: "True Names" is out 
Although my bet wasn't with Lucky (proving that he is indeed Lucky) it does appear that the book is in print and for my wager to be successful it must be orderable and shippable by Amazon or other on-line bookstore within a week after Jan. 1, 2002.  So methinks my wager was a good one, unless Lucky wishes to wager it otherwise?
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-25 16:42:52
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Ode to John Ashcroft and Civil Liberties 
Some thoughts to think about regarding our constitutional rights
Ode to John Ashcroft and Civil Liberties
Sung to the tune of Santa Claus is Coming to Town
You better watch out,
You better not pout,
You better not cry.
I'm telling you why.
John ashcroft's coming to town.
He sees you with your lawyer.
He listens to every phone;
He reads everyone's email,
and he locks you all alone.
With little tin guns
And tiny cellphones
Rooty hoot, hoot, he's breaking in homes,
Big Brother is coming to town.
He knows when you are traveling.
He knows who you're around;
Tried in military courtrooms,
Not a lawyer can be found.
He's makin' a list,
and checking for race,
Gonna arrest those who are dark of face.
Big Brother's coming to town.
You better watch out,
You better not pout,
You better not cry.
I'm telling you why.
Big Brother's coming to town.

@_date: 2001-12-20 16:16:51
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Jonah Goldberg at the end of his rope 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  Your letters and comments have appeared to get under the skin of police state apologist Jonah Goldberg. Since Goldberg mentions his wife, perhaps I should mention that she works as an aide or something for you guessed it John Ashcroft.]
Cabin Fever
A note to readers from the end of the rope.
By Jonah Goldberg, NRO editor
Jonah Goldberg can be reached at (JonahEmail
December 19, 2001 4:05 p.m.
For those of you truly sick of the libertarian-versus-conservative debate, let me just repeat that, as a conservative, I respect established authority. In this case, that happens to be my wife and she says I'm not allowed to play with the libertarians anymore.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-19 06:34:18
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Apologist for the Police State: Goldberg On Ashcroft 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  US Attorney General John Ashcroft said "to those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty; my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists - for they erode our national unity and diminish our resolve. They give ammunition to America's enemies, and pause to America's friends. They encourage people of good will to remain silent in the face of evil.". Lost liberty is exactly the term a rational patriotic American would use to describe the intrusive power grab that is occurring in America.  National Review Online Editor Jonah Goldberg asks liberals to stop comparing Ashcroft to McCarthy.  A better exercise would be to start comparing police state apologist Jonah Goldberg and John Ashcroft to totalitarians .  For the full text of Ashcroft's statement go to Jonah Goldberg can be reached at (JonahEmail
Jonah Goldberg
December 19, 2001
Liberals: Stop comparing Ashcroft to McCarthy
Like everyone else, I'd moved on from the public debates over military tribunals, racial profiling, detentions, etc. But, unfortunately, like crabgrass that feeds on inattention, a liberal canard has been growing wildly in the absence of public debate.
That's the trouble with liberal canards. You have to pull them out by the roots when they're young, otherwise they spread all over, crowding out everything else until they become accepted as actual The canard I'm talking about is this idea that Attorney General John Ashcroft is some sort of McCarthyite. Recall, if you will, a few weeks ago the Senate Judiciary Committee invited the attorney general to explain himself.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-19 04:59:39
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Libertarian Party considered harmful 
I can always count on you living in the past- Please not another rendition of back in the good ole' days of cypherpunks... But who's saying the LP isn't irrelevant and boring?  And what does the current National Review vs Reason Magazine squabble have to do with them?
Regards,   Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-13 18:28:24
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Cultural libertarianism the real threat to America? 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor: I could have titled this essay Jonah Goldberg doesn't get it.  Mr. Goldberg is the online editor for National Review and has written a series of attack pieces on libertarianism.  Below is the newest example.  I did read one line that jumped from the page that is the crystallization of his view of  "You foster good character by limiting  "I've done lots of things in my life that are "un-conservative." Even now, my personal tastes are not entirely consistent with what most people associate with conservatism."  I can only regard his appeasement a personal rejection of the conservative values he is talking about, which I suppose he made in hopes of still being able to get laid-  But on to the "meat" of his argument-  I'm not entirely sure what ideology Goldberg wants imposed on us?  It surely can't be an American one as outlined in our first amendment" "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances."  I don't see a constitutional mandate to impose any religion on anybody? Nor can I see where limiting freedom by continuing the war on drugs to be anything beneficial?  I really have nothing but contempt and disdain for writers such as Goldberg who want to impose some sort of ill defined governmental "conservatism" while personally considering himself a member of the elite which doesn't have to follows rules made for the rest of the sheep.]
Jonah Goldberg can be reached at (JonahEmail
Freedom Kills
John Walker, Andrew Sullivan, and the libertarian threat.
By Jonah Goldberg, NRO editor
December 12, 2001 6:25 p.m.
First, George Bush refers to "the evildoers" at every turn, but insists on pronouncing it "the evil Dewars." And now the major news networks are constantly referring to John Walker, the American Taliban, as "Johnny Walker": "Is Johnny Walker un-American?" "Does Johnny Walker represent a viper in our midst?" etc.
Well, you can count me out of the "war on terrorism" if it becomes a proxy war on our most cherished brown liquors.
What John Walker Says About the Right
So let's talk about John Walker, the man, and leave poor Johnny out of this. Indeed, it's turning out that John is one of the most interesting cultural Rorschach tests we've had in a while.
If you haven't been following the argument, you should read the article in yesterday's New York Times comparing the life of Mike Spann - the "God and country" CIA agent who was killed in Afghanistan - to that of John Walker, the son of hippy-dippy divorced parents from Marin County, California. The article put some flesh on what a lot of conservatives have been saying over the last week. Spann is a red-state guy, Walker a blue-stater. Spann is from Alabama: He's religious, from a strong, stable family, and he always wanted to fight for his country. Walker comes from a wishy-washy, whatever-floats-your-boat family living in the shadow of - where else? - San Francisco.
The always eye-opening Shelby Steele made the definitive "blue state" argument in Monday's Wall Street Journal. In brief, Steele argues that Walker is a product of overly permissive, fashionably anti-American Left-coast liberalism.
Andrew Sullivan, of the coincidentally named AndrewSullivan.com, also saw Walker's obvious cultural significance, labeling him a poster boy of blue-state culture. But Sullivan then backed off from the "blue state" argument, after his readers persuaded him that he had it wrong. The Walker case is "much more complex and more interesting than my original impression," Sullivan writes. One of the arguments that persuaded him to drop his "blue state" analysis is the fact that Walker became a "right-wing" fanatic. He excerpts a letter from a reader making this case:
Maybe I missed something, but I am not sure how a religious fundamentalist and zealot like John Walker is an embodiment of the American Hating Left. He is a right wing religious nut just like the guy arrested here in Cincinnati last week for sending fake anthrax to abortion clinics. While you may be correct that his permissive parents and his multicultural context may have produced him (sounds like something some right wing nut case would say about homosexuality, right Andrew?), what it produced was a right wing Islamic religious nut who hates the West and America for its decadence (which he enjoyed and benefited from) and sin, just like his brothers on the right wing Christian extreme (like maybe Tim McVeigh, who was a Catholic to boot?). Let's at least be honest that Walker represents some of the worst of American permissiveness and multiculturalism, while being the embodiment of right wing religious fanaticism. I think we all get caught on this one.
The lefties, meanwhile, have been slow out of the gate, but basically think that tagging the Left with Walker is just so much McCarthyism. But that's not what I want to talk about.
The Problem of Andrew Sullivanism
What I do want to talk about is the problem with the conservative critique of Walker and with Sullivan's approach in general.
It's not surprising that Sullivan changed his mind after reading that letter. After all, he had already made it a project, if not a mission, to establish that so-called "theocons" (i.e. religious conservatives, particularly Christian ones) practiced a form of Talibanism - long before most people in the United States had ever heard of the Taliban.
For example, in the cover story for the current New Republic, on the future of conservatism, Sullivan uses the war on Islamic extremists to argue that America, and conservatives in particular, need to drop our own support for such "extremists" at home. "It is hard to fight a war against politico-religious extremism," Sullivan writes, "if you are winking at milder versions in your own political coalition." This is reminiscent of his argument during the Clinton impeachment battles. "For the new conservatives," Sullivan wrote in 1998 in The New York Times Magazine, "the counterattack on homosexual legitimacy is of a piece with the battle against presidential adultery."
Sullivan's essay in The New Republic is certainly worth reading, but in the end his conclusion is that all branches of conservatism are wrong, and that they should basically adopt Sullivan's own quirky, iconoclastic, personal brand of conservatism, complete with his imperative of incorporating gays into the mainstream conservative In a nutshell, this is my problem with Andrew Sullivan's conservatism. He's a brilliant and charming guy. But he seems to reject or critique all forms of conservatism that don't dovetail with his own personal priorities. I'm not referring solely, or even primarily, to his homosexuality or advocacy of gay rights. From what I can tell, Sullivan's conservatism is informed not just by his sexuality but by his Catholicism, his blue-collar British roots, his serious hang-ups about British authoritarian culture, and - not least - by the fact that he's a follower of the British philosopher Michael Oakeshott (if I were smarter and more patient, I think I'd be an Oakeshottian too) and a protigi of the classical conservative Harvey Mansfield. Moreover, Sullivan's conservatism isn't just informed by these things, it's informed by the perhaps insurmountable contradictions between these things.
For example: Oakeshott had a brilliantly nuanced and highly tolerant understanding of conservatism and of liberal society (he believed, I think, that the best metaphor for a good society was a good conversation). Meanwhile, Catholicism is wonderful, but it's hardly a democratic institution. And as for Mansfield, he's a leading opponent of gay rights. Further, anti-traditionalism in Britain may have its uses, but in America anti-traditionalism runs against many of the things conservatives rightly want to preserve. As Hayek pointed out, in America you can be a conservative traditionalist and still be a champion of liberty - because our institutions preserve liberty rather than combat it.
Anyway, my point is: That's all great. These sometimes competing, sometimes complimentary impulses make Sullivan a joy to read (and talk to). But the extrapolation of one's personal beliefs - or, more accurately, one's personality - to a broad universal philosophy is at minimum a form of arrogance, and at maximum a recipe for disaster.
Take me, for example. I've done lots of things in my life that are "un-conservative." Even now, my personal tastes are not entirely consistent with what most people associate with conservatism. But, I do not argue that conservatism would be better off if everybody adopted my own personal choices and tastes. Rather, I try to make the case for old-style conservatism in a way lots of people like me can relate to. The fact that I can't or won't live up to the ideal may make me hypocritical to a certain extent, but that doesn't mean the message is wrong. As the moral philosopher Max Scheler reportedly said: The sign that points to Boston doesn't have to go there.
Sullivan is right to criticize certain conservatives for being too ideological. But what he doesn't give credit for, to these same conservatives, is that a little ideology is always necessary in order to remember what your ideas are.
Chinese-Menu Culture
If Sullivan is guilty of translating his personal priorities into a public agenda, he at least does so by speaking in the vocabulary of morality. His arguments for everything from gay marriage to the war on terrorism are deeply moral and proudly conservative.
The real villains - the ones who take this sort of political solipsism a great deal further than Sullivan - are to be found elsewhere, and John Walker is a logical consequence of their political agenda. You see, the real enemy isn't the cultural liberalism Shelby Steele describes. It's the cultural libertarianism that is rapidly replacing liberalism as the real threat to America, and the true opposition to conservatism.
Cultural libertarianism basically says that whatever ideology, religion, cult, belief, creed, fad, hobby, or personal fantasy you like is just fine so long as you don't impose it on anybody else, especially with the government. You want to be a Klingon? Great! Attend the Church of Satan? Hey man, if that does it for ya, go for it. You want to be a "Buddhist for Jesus"? Sure, mix and match, man; we don't care. Hell, you can even be an observant Jew, a devout Catholic or a faithful Baptist, or a lifelong heroin addict - they're all the same, in the eyes of a cultural libertarian. Just remember: Keep it to yourself if you can. Don't claim that being a Lutheran is any better than being a member of the Hale-Bopp cult, and never use the government to advance your view. If you can do that, then - whatever floats your boat.
Of course, liberalism subscribes to something very similar, but today's liberalism is more of a condescending pose. It finds exotic ideologues - Marxists, black separatists, transgender theorists, whatever - fashionable and interesting as entertainment. The liberals who run the New York Times are simply thrilled to have these sorts of cultural rejectionists at their cocktail parties. But very few of them want their kids to become any such thing. They want their kids to go to private schools, attend an Ivy League or comparable liberal-arts college in New England, and become nice tolerant stockbrokers who are extra-careful to donate generously to the United Way, 'cause that might help people of color.
But, at the same time, modern liberals hate traditional orthodoxies. If you're a pious Zoroastrian, they will show you off to their friends as if you were an exotic fertility mask they bought on a vacation safari. But if you are a pious Baptist, don't wait by the phone, because you won't be invited over at all. And, of course, liberals see no problem with using the government to impose their cultural beliefs on others; they just won't admit that's what they're In this sense, cultural libertarians are less bigoted than their liberal cousins. The libertarians think all ideologies - so long as there's no governmental component - are equal.
But of course, the flip side of this is that cultural libertarianism is essentially a form of arrogant nihilism. There are no universal truths or even group truths (i.e., the authority of tradition, patriotism, etc.) - only personal ones. According to cultural libertarianism, we should all start believing in absolutely nothing, until we find whichever creed or ideology fits us best. We can pick from across the vast menu of human diversity - from all religions and cultures, real and imagined - until we find one that fits our own personal preferences. Virginia Postrel can write triumphantly that the market allows Americans to spend $8 billion on porn and $3 billion at Christian bookstores, because she isn't willing to say that one is any better, or any worse, than the other.
Unreasonable Reason
The leading champions of this ideology are the folks over at Reason magazine. Nick Gillespie, who recently replaced Postrel as the editor, is a voluptuary of the idea that we can all have individualized, designer cultures. While he's got a healthy disdain for identity politics, Gillespie keeps going beyond that, and argues that people should be able to be whatever they want. Perhaps because cultural libertarianism is so popular on the Left these days, Gillespie recently told the Washington Post that he will try to woo anti-drug-war liberals, and others on the Left, to the magazine.
For a long time, but now more than ever, Reason has essentially argued that being a drug addict is a lifestyle choice like any other. Because, hey, who are we to judge? Indeed, Gillespie is very fond of the usual argument of pro-drug libertarians: I've done lots of drugs, and I turned out okay - so why should I tell other people they can't? In the latest issue, featuring a big neon sign spelling "DRUGS" on the cover, Gillespie confesses that when he was younger, he did "pot and alcohol, mostly, but also acid, mescaline, Ecstasy, mushrooms, coke and meth... Mostly I did drugs because they were fun and I liked the way I felt when I was high." In other words, if it's good for me, it's good for everybody.
So what does all of this have to do with John Walker? Well, John Walker's father has told various interviewers that he was just delighted that his son believed in something. He liked the fact that his son had "passion" for something. The fact that it was a thumb-in-the-eye to traditional Western values made him more exotic, to be sure. But that was just gravy.
You don't turn children into responsible adults by giving them absolute freedom. You foster good character by limiting freedom, and by channeling energies into the most productive avenues. That's what all good schools, good families, and good societies do. The Boy Scouts don't throw a pocketknife to a kid and say, "Knock yourself out, kid. I'll be back in a couple hours." The cultural libertarians want to do precisely that.
Someone threw John Walker a copy of The Autobiography of Malcolm X and said, "Knock yourself out, kid." From there, left to his own devices, he slid down a long slope to the Taliban - because nobody had the moral courage or maturity to put him on the right path. He could just as easily have become another Columbine spree-killer, or a drug addict - or, perhaps, a fireman. But any of these, it seems, would be a surprise to his father.
It's hip and cool to say, "Be whatever you want." But - as in the case of the Boy Scout with the pocketknife - it's all fun and games until somebody loses an eye. If you tell kids they can believe in anything (and that anybody who disagrees is a bigot), you will eventually breed a bunch of kids who despise the very openness you Western civilization in general and American culture in particular are remarkably, almost uniquely, open to and tolerant of competing views and faiths. That's wonderful. But pluralism is not, to borrow a phrase, a suicide pact. Chesterton pointed out that when a man stops believing in God, he won't believe in nothing, he'll believe in anything. God isn't necessarily the issue here. But the principle is the same. Humans, especially children, very much want to believe in things. If we don't bother to teach - or impose - certain Western values on our own people, they will embrace values that are neither open nor tolerant. Belief in "something" just isn't good enough.
Distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in
receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-13 14:15:41
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Area 51 Guards On Strike 
But who's going to save the Earth from the scum of the universe?
A group of 70 security guards known as the "camo dudes" walked off their jobs Monday in Las Vegas and at the covert military installation known as Area 51, a place they said they can't talk "Use your imagination," union President Vernell Hall said when asked where he worked as he and more than a dozen other striking security officers displayed "On Strike" signs on Haven Street near McCarran International Airport.
Hall said the issues include lack of adequate wages and benefits.
"There's been too much overtime since Sept. 11. Overtime on top of overtime," Hall said.
L. Neil Smith's latest novel _The
American Zone_ is now available at
bookstores on and off the Internet.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-13 14:14:37
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Steganography, My Ass: The Dangers of Private and 
What opportunity is this?
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-12 07:29:18
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Steganography, My Ass: The Dangers of Private and 
Steganography, My Ass:
The Dangers of Private and Self-Censorship in Wartime
by Jonathan Wallace jw
The categories of speech protected by the First Amendment are well-known, and despite the repetitive chatter on Internet mailing lists, are not in serious dispute. Supreme Court decisions interpreting the constitution have made absolutely clear that highly unpalatable political speech, and even words of quite hateful and violent import, have absolute protection (so long as they don't fall into the very narrow pigeonhole of threats conveying an immediate fear of violence to a specific individual). We can argue about what the First Amendment ought to protect, debate whether and how to change the Constitution. But there can be no serious discussion today of whether, for example, web pages calling for Jihad or approving the destruction of the World Trade Center and the murder of Americans, are protected by the First Amendment. They indisputably are.
Justice Holmes, creator of the operative metaphor for U.S. speech freedoms, the "marketplace of ideas", made clear in a famous dissent that the First Amendment's sweep reaches the most offensive political speech imaginable:
"If in the long run, the beliefs expressed in proletarian dictatorship are destined to be accepted by the dominant forces of the community, the only meaning of free speech is that they should be given their chance and have their way."
Yet pages approving violence and terrorism against the U.S. were pulled from numerous U.S.-based servers soon after September 11, without any recourse for the people maintaining them. The reason that there was no constitutional violation was that (as Internet debaters sometimes forget) the First Amendment only protects us against government interventions in speech. It doesn't protect us against each other.
Purveyors of free web space such as Geocities and Tripod have "Terms of Service" (TOS) contracts that users must accept which give the companies broad discretion to reject and close web sites for their presentation of constitutionally-protected but politically unpalatable speech. TOS violations were probably the single most important justification for the acts of commercial censorship which occurred this fall.
However, another more widespread but even less visible force at work chilling speech was the fear of job or social consequences of expression of unpopular ideas. In the first flush of emotion after the attacks, we had several remarkable examples, unusual mainly for being examples of public rather than highly private retaliations. Television host Bill Maher (paid after all for saying outrageous, attention-getting things) made the comment that terrorists who are willing to give their lives, whatever else they may be, cannot accurately be described as "cowardly". (By the way, he is right about this and I have made the same observation myself.) He then went a step further and said that firing cruise missiles from a distance is more properly described as "cowardly". Whatever you may believe about Maher's taste and timing, his words fall squarely within the protected realm of vivid American political speech--which extends in fact much further, to include radio talk show hosts descri!
bing how to kill federal "gun-grabbing" agents and NRA board members day-dreaming out loud about the murder of gun control advocates.
Maher soon after his statement was in danger of losing his job--something which hasn't happened yet--and received an unprecedented public rebuke from Presidential spokesman Ari Fleischer, whose remarks were later toned down in the official "There are reminders to all Americans that they need to watch what they say, watch what they do, and this is not a time for remarks like that; there never is."
In the weeks after the attacks, we also heard of newspaper columnists losing their jobs for remarks that were actually rather mild compared to the rhetoric heaped on Bill Clinton for the last eight years. An Oregon newspaper, the Daily Courier, fired columnist Dan Guthrie after he wrote on September 15 that the president hid "in a Nebraska hole" when he should have returned to Washington after the attacks. First the newspaper's editor wrote a column apologizing for Guthrie, and stating that "Criticism of our chief executive and those around him needs to be responsible and appropriate..." Then publisher Dennis Mack fired Guthrie, describing it as a "private personnel matter".
Tom Gutting, city editor of the Texas City Sun was also fired by his publisher for commenting on the President's behavior the day of the "There was W. flying around the country like a scared child seeking refuge in his mother's bed after having a nightmare....W. has behaved like you would expect a first lady to."
(For what its worth, I also agree with Guthrie and Gutting and spoke of Bush's disappearance in my own essay written on September 11.)
The conservative National Review dropped columnist Ann Coulter for the following opinion:
"We should invade their countries, kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity..."
(Do I need to mention I don't agree with Coulter? However, I defend her right to blither.)
Through-out our history, more valuable information and debate has been stifled by private censorship (including the chilling fear of it) than by government intervention. Alexis de Tocqueville recognized the contradictory nature of U.S. society, in which freedom of speech so often translates into freedom to jump on the bandwagon:
"In our time, the most absolute sovereigns of Europe would have no idea how to prevent certain ideas, hostile to their authority, from circulating silently in their countries and even in the heart of their own courts. Its not at all the same in America: as long as the majority is uncertain, everyone speaks; but as soon as the majority has irrevocably decided, everyone shuts up, and friends and enemies alike seem then to jump, with one accord, on the public bandwagon. The reason is simple: there is no monarch so absolute that he can hold in his hand all of society's force and vanquish all resistance, to the same extent as a democratic majority with the right to make and execute the laws."
As disturbing as the firing of columnists is, an incident with even worse implications for U.S. democracy was the mainstream media's almost total obedience to the President's request that videos of bin Laden and other al Quaeda members not be televised. By all traditional standards, these were highly newsworthy. Transcripts of all of these were made available by the translation service of the BBC. For example, on November 3, Al Jazeera broadcast a bin Laden video. Bin Laden claimed that polls showed that the Islamic world approved of the attacks by a wide majority; spoke of world-wide demonstrations opposing U.S. action in Afghanistan; said that the Islamic world has been under the "crusader yoke" for 83 years, since World War I; and attacked the United Nations, which is widely respected in Arab nations for its support of Palestinians, for having tolerated or promoted violence against Moslems.
The bin Laden broadcast is newsworthy for several reasons. First, consistent with his other utterances, he never denies involvement in the U.S. attacks and goes to some length to justify them, supporting the circumstantial evidence of his involvement. Secondly, even in translation, his precise, rather Talmudic style of argument, with constant reference to long-past historical events, gives us significant insight into the personality of a once-faceless adversary. Third, his reference to the U.N. introduced a potential new target of Al Quaeda attacks.
I vaguely recall knowing who Osama bin Laden was before September 11: a clever murderer, lurking somewhere, who was linked to the killing of U.S. troops in Somalia, the African embassy bombings, and the attack on the Cole. Today, I have an intense interest in him, as someone who is trying to kill me personally, and that produces a desire to find out everything I can.
As I never tire of telling you, I arrived at the World Trade Center that morning just as the second plane hit. I saw the flames and falling paper, and tiny fragments of glass rained on my head. People were dying a short distance away from me; minutes later, as I was running across the bridge, I saw someone jump from the south tower.
I have a "pay to play" theory of democracy. I made a partial payment on September 11, and I'm willing to pay more: serve on the jury trying an Al Quaeda member, even join the armed forces if they'd have me. What I want in return is very simple: my seat at the table. And that means the information that goes with it. There can be no democracy without information; how do you decide what to do, what to support or to oppose, without it?
The excuses given by the government for its request not to broadcast or even print a transcript of the bin Laden video were laughable. Most prominently, the government announced that the videos might contain hidden messages, a technique called "steganography". Further terrorist attacks might be launched as a result of the bin Laden video being broadcast on CNN.
To which I say: Steganography, my ass. How stupid do President Bush, Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld believe we are? There has not yet been the slightest showing of any hidden messages in any bin Laden video, despite obedient, silly news pieces on CNN interviewing experts who could only say that it is imaginable that they could be there. In these supposedly balanced pieces, where were the experts saying how silly the idea was and that it was unsupported by any Multiple choice question: If you were a terrorist trying to send a message to activate a U.S.-based cell, the most effective way to do so would be a. a telephone call b. an anonymous email c. Placing a classified ad in an obscure newspaper the cell was previously instructed to monitor d. Hiding the message in a fifteen minute video which you courier to Al Jazeera network and relying on them to broadcast it in its entirety enough times for your U.S.-based cell to see it.
Raise your hand if you think (d) is the best answer.
However, if bin Laden was strange enough to conceal messages in the video or in the language he used, asking CNN and the networks not to carry it was a completely ineffective way to block transmission of the message, given the fact that it had already been broadcast by Al Jazeera, translated and made available by the BBC, etc. Successful interdiction of a hidden message still wouldn't prevent the follow up phone call or email.
Note also that Rumsfeld et al. failed to run the football through the goalposts. If they had taken the steganography chimera to its logical conclusion, they could have asked American media to black out the war entirely. Taliban mortars might be firing rhythmically in some obscure Islamist Morse-like cadence. Afghan refugees in the background of crowd scenes might be making hand gestures. John Walker, the American Taliban member captured this week, might be twitching in code.
Vague, unsupported claims about steganography don't trump my interest in receiving accurate information about someone who is trying to kill Our government's other statement justifying censorship of the bin Laden videos was more honest, though it got less play. Why give airtime to Al Quaeda propaganda? This is one of those statements that sounds credible, but is not. It pre-supposes two insulting things. One is that there is a U.S. audience susceptible to bin Laden's message (and Holmes would say that even if there were, they're entitled to hear it). The other is that the rest of us don't need or are not entitled to the information contained in the "propaganda". Propaganda is information; it is an extremely valuable source of knowledge about history, intention, and psychology. Mein Kampf is freely available in the U.S., and is read much more by people interested in understanding what happened than by those looking to reaffirm their hatred and desire to commit genocide. Like fundamentalists who condemn a book without having read it, the government message is that there is information in the world so volatile that we!
  are better off being protected from it.
I wanted to be treated as an adult even before September 11, and with my life in danger I feel even more strongly about it. Truth is one of the cornerstones of democracy; our vote, our decision-making ability, is impaired or destroyed when the government lies. The steganography story was a silly lie. The truth--the government's desire that bin Laden's ideas not be communicated, even though that means denying important information to citizens of a democracy--shows how far we have fallen from Justice Holmes' defiant and cheerful understanding that we can trust ourselves.
I was astonished by the way that the broadcast media immediately lined up behind the government without the mildest protest. Twenty-four hour news organs, like CNN, are extremely hungry for content, and had repeatedly played prior videos in their entirety, with simultaneous translation. Once the government asked them to stop, the newly-released video warranted only a brief mention without even a clip (for fear of those hidden messages).
Why were the broadcast media so docile? In part, for the same reason everyone else was. But broadcast media have a unique problem of their own, which we ignore or forget in trusting them for information. They are licensed and regulated by the FCC. Could the FCC legally pull a license from a station which broadcast the bin Laden video in full? No. Could the agency make its life quietly miserable? Absolutely. Broadcast media executives never forget who holds the leash.
Ernst Renan said that nations hold together based not only on collective memory but on collective forgetting as well. As a nation we have completely forgotten that the regulation of broadcast media began with a bloodbath about seventy years ago. The Federal Radio Commission, the FCC's predecessor, targeted political programming and drove it off the air to free the spectrum for commercial broadcasters. Even seven decades later, the bland, mainstream, nonchallenging nature of broadcast media is a product not only of audience desires but of the shadow of government regulation. As the ACLU's Morris Ernst said in the 1930's, "So long as the Department can determine which individuals shall be endowed with larynxes, it does not need additional power to determine what shall be said."
What about the print media? I was startled by the way they lined up too. In the New York Times, which I count on for much (too much) of my information about the world, the bin Laden video was no longer front page news and no transcript was published. Again we seem to have fallen a long way from the days of the Pentagon Papers and the brave stand the Washington Post and the Times made against the Nixon De Tocqueville provides the explanation. For most of the 1960's, the press also lined up to support the Vietnam war. When the press first began to examine the other side of the war--to ask questions about whether the strategy made sense, the tactics were working, whether civilians were being killed--they were moving in accordance with a power shift that was already taking place in America. The press was leading, but it was also following, like a middle manager or a mid-level military officer. Significant constituencies in U.S. business and politics had not waited for the Pentagon Papers to start wondering if the war made any sense. In de Tocqueville's terms, powerful people had already started jumping from the bandwagon. Which is not to say that the Post and Times were not brave, did not behave admirably, to stand up to the power (including the threat of illicit action and even violence) of the Executive Branch.
After September 11, everyone was on the bandwagon. As three months have passed without further Al Quaeda violence, and as we seem to be winning the war, the print media are less frightened and there is a slightly wider spread of opinion. Opposing voices have been heard on the military tribunals, for example.
Speaking as a hawk, one who believes this is a just war, I want to know where the antiwar voices were. CNN presented us with the usual assortment of ex-generals analyzing air strikes, but where was Noam Chomsky, saying that we shouldn't be bombing Afghanistan at all? I did not see Chomsky in the Times op ed pages either, nor any other guest editorial opposing the war. Certainly those voices are out there; Chomsky spoke out forcefully in the small publications which carry him. Why were antiwar views not represented in a mass media which still likes to think of itself as the "fourth estate", affected with a public interest?
Arriving at the truth in a democracy (as elsewhere) is a dialectical process, where opposing views muster information in support and each of us then makes our decision. Since September 11 the press has consistently and miserably failed to present the other side of a debate. It has not just failed to present the Al Quaeda view-- that Americans deserve to be killed--though that has informational value in evaluating personal risk and deciding what government responses to support. The press has even failed to present the view that the bombing of Afghanistan was a use of excessive force, or force applied in the wrong place; or the view that law, rather than war, is the My libertarian friends claim that the public responsibilities of the press are a myth, that a newspaper is a business like any other, and will only print what most of its audience wants to hear. But the Times serves other minorities, such as those who read the bridge column or the coverage of less popular sports; and diversity and even adversity on the op ed pages was once thought to sell papers. No, I think the true explanation of the obedient silence of the U.S. press is not fear of its own readership, but is due to a disturbance elsewhere in the force: a fear of offending a government and a majority strongly aligned with one another, de Tocqueville's "democratic majority with the right to make and execute the laws." But it is precisely in times like these that we most desperately need the information, as well as exposure to the variety of viewpoints that convey it.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-19 02:52:46
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Jonah Goldberg Has It Ass Backwards 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  Last Thursday I sent a posting titled "Cultural libertarianism the real threat to America?" See:  by National Review Online Editor Jonah Goldberg where he made the claim that good character is fostered by limiting freedom". Goldberg was quick to point out however that he personally has "done lots of things in [his] life that are "un-conservative." His hypocrisy aside, Goldberg again restates his belief on the merits of limiting freedom by writing "Without character-forming institutions which softly coerce (persuade) kids - and remind adults -...", paradoxically claiming that such "coercion" is needed to foster our "open, free, and tolerant culture over others."...  Ay caramba!  Here we have what is colloquially referred to as compassionate conservatism, the notion that government is a loving father and that it's citizens are it's children. Goldberg aspires to an ideology that isn't even American, an ideology antithetical to liberty, and which is the underlaying ideological underpinning of the totalitarian state.  The great American author James Fenimore Cooper wrote that "Individuality is the aim of political liberty.  By leaving to the citizens as much freedom of action and of being as comports with order and the rights of others, the institutions render him truly a freeman.  He is left to pursue his means of happiness in his own manner."  Goldberg has it ass backwards, it is freedom and the respect of the rights of others that is inculcated in our institutions not the removal of freedom by our institutions that makes American culture superior.  It is said that the road to hell is paved with good intentions or as the great American libertarian writer  H.L. Mencken opinioned "Whenever A annoys or injures B on the pretense of saving or improving X, A is a scoundrel ."  So to Jonah Goldberg, I say go to hell.]
The Libertarian Lie By Jonah Goldberg, NRO editor
Responding to Nick Gillespie and Virginia Postrel.
Jonah Goldberg can be reached at (JonahEmail
December 18, 2001 3:35 p.m.
EDITOR'S NOTE: Yesterday I responded to Andrew Sullivan. Today I respond to the libertarians, primarily Reason magazine editor Nick Gillespie and former Reason editor Virginia Postrel. Virginia, whom I consider a friend, has also linked to numerous other sites taking me to task. I know that many readers are uninterested by these doctrinal squabbles. But others are, and I think they're worthwhile. Regardless, I promise this is the last you will hear from me about such things for a while. I'll be getting back to meat-and-potatoes G-Files starting tomorrow.
Lighten Up, Libertarians
Before we get to the heart of all this, let me address perhaps my biggest peeve about libertarians. Trust me, it's relevant. They are, without a doubt, the most defensive and thin-skinned group on the Right - far more so than Christian conservatives, gay Republicans, whoever. Maybe it's because so many of them became libertarians in the first place in order to escape criticism of any kind, or maybe it's because there's something about libertarianism that excites the region of the brain responsible for religious utopianism, or maybe it's the accumulated resentment at being in the backseat of the right-wing coalition - I don't know. But I am continually amazed by how so many libertarians can maintain a tone and posture of reflexive defensiveness and moral superiority, simultaneously.
Out of the hundreds of e-mails I got from angry libertarians, a sizable majority simply asserted that I didn't understand libertarianism. Not that I was wrong in the application of my analysis, or that I was being unfair or overly broad - but that I simply don't "get" it.
Now, as I conceded yesterday in my response to Andrew Sullivan, last Wednesday's column was not surgical in its argumentation, so I'm open to some thoughtful criticism on that score. But I get these letters anytime I write anything critical of libertarianism. Liberty magazine runs regular squibs mocking me for my obtuseness. Harry Browne, the 2000 Libertarian Party candidate, went out of his way to lecture me - on NRO - to explain how I don't get it.
Virginia Postrel suspects that my "anti-libertarian outbursts" stem from a desire to get her and other libertarians to link to my site. Well, we can put aside the suggestion that it's a web-traffic bonanza to get linked on something called "Libertarian Samizdata" (I actually lose traffic when I indulge my anti-libertarian bent). But Postrel seems to believe my arguments are so silly that they're better explained by some sort of cynical ploy. Hell, I've even got my own Greek chorus at LewRockwell.com, which can barely go a week without singing some tune about how I'm slow on the uptake (or how Abraham Lincoln tempted Eve into taking a bite of the apple).
So let me just say once and for all: I'm sorry, but your philosophy ain't that complicated. I think I've got a handle on it: The government uses force, so we should keep it limited; open society; maximize human freedom; respect contracts; free minds, free markets, blah blah blah. I get it. Good stuff. Thanks.
In fact, I thought the whole point of libertarianism was that it's simple. I mean, whenever I hear libertarians trying to convert people, they always make their creed sound so uncomplicated. They begin their sentences with, "We libertarians simply believe X"; or, "Libertarianism is just a partial philosophy of life." Harry Browne says conservatism is worse than libertarianism because it can't give you "one sentence" answers on every political issue. In fact, he makes libertarianism sound like a warm bath you can slip into to melt all your political cares and concerns away.
And that's all fine. Except for the fact that when criticized, all of a sudden libertarianism becomes this deeply complex body of thought with all sorts of Kantian categories and esoteric giggling about "rational fallibility" flying all about (many of my blogger critics actually sound like self-parodies). On offense, you guys are like the "Drink Me" bottle in Alice in Wonderland, or Morpheus's pill in The Matrix. But on defense, you turn on the smoke machines and cloud the room up with faculty-lounge verbiage. You can't have it both ways.
And besides, there's nothing particularly wrong with simple philosophies - which is why I'm pretty much a libertarian when it comes to the federal government. Regardless, please spare me the more-sophisticated-than-thou crap. When smart people (and I've always said libertarians are very smart) - whether they're Marxists, libertarians, whatever - claim that other smart people "just don't get" very simple ideas, they only lend credence to the impression that their intellectual adherence is the product of a religious impulse. Or, they just sound obnoxious.
Gillespie's Pose
Which brings me, inexorably, to Nick Gillespie's response to my column last Wednesday, which Virginia Postrel tells us is "the best so far (of course)." To his credit, Nick doesn't resort to a fog of jargon, merely a typical tone of smirking self-amusement and condescension (but who am I to criticize tone?). We do actually agree on quite a bit. I've long argued that libertarianism will be the real challenger to conservatism, and I've long conceded that I'm - to use his word - "anxious" about it. Nick makes this observation sound like this is some sort of penetrating analysis of the subtext when in fact it's pretty much just the text.
Let's be clear about a few other observations Nick seems eager to pass off as penetrating insights. He chuckles, "It's a funny thing, but conservatives are never so quick to call Rorschach on one of their own: For instance, when it came to light a few years ago that George Roche III, the fabled president of conservative Hillsdale College, had been carrying on with his unstable and suicidal daughter-in-law for years, that twisted scene carried no definitive ideological import."
It's an even funnier thing that Nick uses this example - since it was National Review, specifically my colleague John Miller, who broke the story of George Roche III in the first place. Not only did NR make a big deal about Roche, we did it first and more than once - despite a long association with Hillsdale College and Mr. Roche. If Gillespie cannot find the "definitive ideological import" in National Review's integrity in policing the Right, that's his shortcoming, not ours.
But then Nick has, I think, a much harder time "getting" National Review than I have understanding Reason. "Nothing exercises National Reviewers quite so much as the sense that despite their standing athwart history yelling stop, it still keeps on a rollin' without them," Gillespie writes. He later adds: "[I]t only makes sense that conservatives and libertarians would start to line up on different sides of the barricades that surround the battleground of individual choice and autonomy."
That's all cute and fine, and I'm sure it plays well in letters to subscribers. But it's worth noting that while I am against drug legalization, Bill Buckley and the editors of National Review called for - and continue to call for - an end to the drug war, and for the legalization of drugs, when Reason was little more than an obscure Nick might read a bit deeper into Hayek as well. Like so many other libertarians, Nick pulls out Hayek's excellent essay "Why I am Not a Conservative" as some sort of grand trump card. I admit this is another peeve of mine, but Hayek did not call himself a "libertarian" in that essay, as Nick gamely suggests. In fact, he explicitly rejected the label, calling it "singularly unattractive." "The more I learn about the evolution of ideas," wrote Hayek, "the more I have become aware that I am an unrepentant Old Whig - with the stress on the 'old.'"
Old Whig just so happens to be the same appellation the founding father of conservatism, Edmund Burke, used for himself - as Hayek approvingly notes several times.
More important, the conservatives in "Why I Am Not a Conservative" aren't even the ones Nick has so many problems with. Hayek was referring to the conservatives of the European tradition (de Maistre, Coleridge, et al), and he was a great deal more generous even to them than the folks at Reason are to the American conservatives of today.
Which is a shame because, as I pointed out in my column last Wednesday, Hayek argued that United States was the one place in the world where you could call yourself a "conservative" and be a lover of liberty - because we want to defend those institutions which preserve it. And that's why - despite a lot of propaganda from the folks at Reason - most conservatives are closer to classical liberals than a lot of Reason-libertarians.
Cultural Libertarians, Again
And that gets us, finally, to the meat of our disagreement. I say "cultural libertarians" are people unwilling to draw value judgments between various personally defined lifestyle choices, or "personal cultures." In response, legions of libertoids cry: "Not fair!" "You're talking about 'libertinism,'" say some. "Libertarians are just unwilling to use the state to coerce others into subscribing to our value judgments," say all.
Again, fine, fine - I get it. But I'm also not talking about most of the people who read my column and refer to themselves as libertarians. Most of these folks are fairly conservative people; they want a smaller government, and, hey, so do I. That's why I put the word "cultural" in front of the phrase in the first place. I'm beginning to think we should simply call such people " anti-state conservatives" and let the Reason types have the "singularly unattractive" label of "libertarian" all to themselves.
The people I am talking about are people like Nick Gillespie and the chirping sectaries on these various blog sites. These people quite proudly proclaim that maximizing individual liberty, and minimizing coercion by the state or the culture, is their mission. It's shouted from the rooftops in just about every issue of Reason. In fact, it's odd that Virginia cites Nick's rejoinder as the best so far - for a number of reasons, among them that he more or less concedes the lion's share of my argument. Nick concedes that he wants to maximize the "right to exit from systems that serve them poorly."
Porn Versus Christianity
Take this porn thing. Virginia is fighting mad at me for writing that she won't draw distinctions between pornography sales and Christian-bookstore sales. But she admits that she has no opinion on the issue, and concedes that many of my libertarian critics think Christianity, even in a liberal order, is a "bad thing." Meanwhile she also raves about this fellow Will Wilkinson who, according to Virginia, "makes the good (and obvious but not to Jonah) point that 'If you ask whether porn or Christian books are better, you have to ask "better in what respect?"'" "Goldberg owes us moral arguments against porn if he wants to be taken seriously."
Touch, I suppose. But doesn't this make my point? Cultural libertarians are uncomfortable with, and quite defensive about, drawing distinctions between such bedrock components of Western civilization - in this case a little thing called "Christianity" - and the latest installment of On Golden Blonde. According to these guys, the burden is on me to explain why and how porn is worse than Christianity. I'd be glad to do it sometime (though I'm hardly an anti-porn zealot); it doesn't sound too tough.
Meanwhile, let's stay on track. Cultural libertarians, as Nick readily concedes, don't "blindly respect 'established authority' the way conservatives tend to." The "blindly" is, of course, a cheap shot, but we'll let it go. That's my point. We're not talking about the state here; we're talking about the culture - the thousands of ingredients which, in various amounts, combine to form the recipe for Western civilization generally and American culture specifically.
Virginia even faults me for not making the positive case for Western civilization in the same column - which, aside from being a fairly high standard for any argument, also seems to underscore the point that these folks don't see its superiority as a given. To the cultural libertarian, all authoritative cultural norms should be scrutinized again and again.
But just to be clear, some of the ingredients for Western civilization I have in mind are such categories as Christianity and religion in general, sexual norms, individualism, patriotism, the Canon, community standards of conduct, democracy, the rule of law, fairness, modesty, self-denial, and the patriarchy. Obviously, all cultures have these things (or their equivalent). But it is the combination of ingredients - and their relative potency toward one another - that make the recipe for Western civilization unique.
The Libertarian Dodge
It's also obvious that - just like conservatives, liberals, and the unaligned - cultural libertarians like some of these things a great deal, and some only a little, and others not at all. We all have our own suggestions for how we should improve the culture. But when criticized on their cultural priorities, they get all defensive and claim they aren't making a subjective cultural argument. "We're just neutral. We just want the state out of things." But then they go right along mocking the cultural choices of conservatives, and of anyone who respects the established cultural authority more than they do. Nick makes it sound like it's a concession to allow cultural conservatives to make their arguments at all, though I doubt he would be so grudging about allowing a polygamist make his arguments.
Because I won't brag about my past experiences with drugs or extrapolate from those experiences a pro-drug stance, Nick grandiosely says that my hypocrisy is "the vice virtue pays to tyranny" (taking, in effect, the position that current or former gluttons should always proclaim that gluttony is good for everybody). Well, if hypocrisy is such a crime, what about the persistent hypocrisy of those libertarians who say that they are "neutral" on cultural questions while they constantly make undeniably cultural Nick is on record denouncing America as a "grotesquely prohibitionist society" when it comes to drugs, and he's nigh upon orgiastic about the spread of pornography. If the anti-state conservatives who prefer the label "libertarian" want to tell me that the editor of Reason is unrepresentative of libertarianism, fine. But maybe you should consider the possibility that it's you who are unrepresentative of Look, the libertarian critique of the state is useful, valuable, important, and much needed. But, in my humble opinion, the libertarian critique of the culture - "established authority" - tends to be exactly what I've always said it was: a celebration of personal liberty over everything else, and in many (but certainly not all) respects indistinguishable from the more asinine prattle we hear from the Left. (The great compromise between libertarians and conservatives is, of course, federalism see " Among the Gender Personal liberty is vitally important. But it isn't everything. If you emphasize personal liberty over all else, you undermine the development of character and citizenship - a point Hayek certainly Kids are born barbarians, as Hannah Arendt noted. Without character-forming institutions which softly coerce (persuade) kids - and remind adults - to revere our open, free, and tolerant culture over others, we run the risk of having them embrace any old creed or ideology that they find most rewarding or exciting, including some value systems which take it on blind faith that America is evil and, say, Cuba or Osama bin Laden is wonderful. That's precisely why campuses today are infested with so many silly radicals, and why libertarians in their own way encourage the dismantling of the soapboxes they stand on. For cultural libertarians this is all glorious, or at least worth the risks. I just wish more libertarians had the guts to admit it. I disagree. I also wish some of them had the guts to admit it.
Distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in
receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-31 04:53:53
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: cell phone guns 
This is correct-
Col. Cooper had some interesting things to say about the Israelis-
"A couple of correspondents have asked us recently what we think of the Israeli "flat stance" in defensive pistol shooting. If you have seen the training films you know that the Israeli procedure is to rotate the pistol 90 degrees to the left so as to make it easier to operate the slide when the pistol is pointed at the target. It has been pointed out to me that a number of cinema presentations have featured this technique - apparently in an attempt to latch onto anything new.
It happens that Mossad, the Israeli attack squad, fancies the use of the 22 pistol as a murder weapon. This is quite sound when the pistol is used in a totally offensive mode, since the subject is confronted just out of arm's length and hit ten times quickly in the chest area. Ten 22-caliber holes in the thorax are fatal, as any qualified thoracic surgeon will tell you. In employing this system the weapon is carried in Condition 3 until the moment of confrontation, whereupon it is drawn, pointed straight out and the action is racked with the left hand. This is somewhat easier to do if the weapon is held flat rather than vertically. Accuracy does not matter and sights do not matter. Ten quick hits will do the job, whereupon the agent drops the pistol at the scene (for the laboratory to puzzle over) and walks quickly away.
Since the pistol is a totally defensive weapon, this Israeli flat technique is of only academic interest to us."
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-30 19:52:07
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re:  cell phone guns 
Actually they're fond of using the single action Beretta model 70s in .22lr.  I believe that's what arms designer Gerald Bull was killed with. .
Regards,  Matt
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-31 15:13:07
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: RE: Choices of small handguns 
Have you experimented with doing that drill under stress or simulating a hand injury?  I think you'll find the design lacking.
You bring up one of my other objections to the design- The fluted chamber is tough on the brass.  If you don't reload it isn't a problem however, but the fluting puts striations on the brass that weakens it for subsequent use.  I've heard that certain loads (Silvertips) foul up the gas system on the P7 quicker than other designs.  If the P7 works and if your particular gun works for you and your happy with it that's great.  Personally I'd stack up my Sig226 or Beretta 92FS against the P7 anytime.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-12-31 05:11:54
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Choices of small handguns 
I found the P239 not quite as well balanced as either my P226 or P228, and I can conceal either practically as well as the smaller Click, clack is how I describe the P7.  I wouldn't want to reveal my position to say a burglar with such a pistol-  Any of the other pistols mentioned along with other conventional DA/SA pistols seem to be a better choice.
Keep in mind that Glocks, while excellent, reliable and accurate do lead the pack in accidental discharges, even among "trained" police. I'd not recommend the Glock to a beginner or to someone who wouldn't put in the necessary practice.
The Kahr's are excellent firearms-  Especially if your primary purpose is to conceal it.  However as a general purpose pistol a higher magazine capacity model with better longer range accuracy is Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-31 04:34:43
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: ONDCP's Super Bowl Anti-Drug Ads 
Kevin Zeese observes:
      It it interesting to see the first signs of the direction John Walters
will be taking ONDCP and their proaganda efforts.
        WHITE HOUSE BUYS ANTI-TERROR SUPER BOWL SPOTS
Biggest Government Ad Buy Ever for a Single Event
January 30, 2002
QwikFIND ID: AAN12D
By Ira Teinowitz
WASHINGTON (AdAge.com) -- The White House anti-drug advertising program
will break two anti-terror ads on the Super Bowl in the biggest single-event
White House spending $1.6 million each for two TV spots.
government advertising buy in U.S. history.
Media buying sources say the White House Office of National Drug Control
Policy will likely pay over $1.6 million per spot. The drug office will get
free matching spots from Fox Broadcasting Co. in other high-profile events.
Outside normal channels
The drug office will use the Super Bowl positioning to break a new
campaign, developed by WPP Group's Ogilvy & Mather, New York. It is the
first major effort created since the start of the drug office advertising
program in 1997 that goes outside the normal channels of the Partnership
for a Drug Free America.
Two 30-second spots produced by award-winning iconoclastic British director
Tony Kaye suggest illegal drug sale profits may help fuel terrorism. Neither the drug office nor
Ogilvy would discuss the ads, and the drug office also declined to say why
it didn't develop the creative with the Partnership.
The drug office also declined to comment on why a British director is
producing such a prominent campaign from the American government.
Mr. Kaye is director of commercials and U.S. feature films such as New Line
Studio's American History X. He has occasionally dressed as Osama bin Laden
in appearances in New York comedy clubs.
Attempts to reach Mr. Kaye's agent were unsuccessful.
By law, media companies that want some of the ad buys must provide a free
ad or something of equal value for every paid ad. Lately the drug office
has shrunk the alternatives to providing a free ad.
Unsold Super Bowl slots
Fox has been having trouble selling
Super Bowl spots this year as the economy and the availability of other
marquee events like the upcoming Winter Olympics vie for attention. Fox has
two to three spots left to sell as of today and hopes to have the rest sold
in the next two days, according to sources at Fox.
Normally the Partnership develops themes for the drug office ads and then
selects ad agencies to produce the ads. Up to now Ogilvy managed the
account and bought media time with media shop MindShare and produced
some minor ad creative for niches or publications in which Partnership
creative didn't fit. Ogilvy's only big creative work on the account had
been done as part of an effort for the Partnership.
The drug office ads will be only the second time in recent years that the
government has run national advertising on the Super Bowl, although the
agency had bought local spots during the game. In 2000 WPP sibling Y&R
Advertising, New York, spent slightly less than $1.5 million for a single
ad for the Census Bureau on the Super Bowl. That year Super Bowl ads were
selling for between $2.3 million and $3 million. This
Related Stories:
WHITE HOUSE DRUG OFFICE PUTS ACCOUNT IN PLAY
Proposals Requested for $152 Million Ad Program
WHITE HOUSE CUTS OFF OGILVY CONTRACT
Action Follows Criminal, Civil Probe Into Anti-Drug Account
OGILVY & MATHER: HONEST MISTAKE OR FRAUD?
FBI, GAO Continue Probes of White House Drug Account Billings
year they have been selling for far less.
Ogilvy's last hurrah
For Ogilvy, the creative on the Super Bowl could be a last hurrah on the
campaign. Accounting and billing issues that have resulted in an ongoing
criminal investigation of the agency has prompted the drug office to put
its account into review.
The selection of a winner is expected in March. Ogilvy remains among the
competitors for the account.
Wayne Friedman and Richard Linnett contributed to this report.

@_date: 2002-01-26 15:48:29
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: All she needs is a plaid shirt and hiking boots 
Hello, and welcome to the second edition of the Reno Red Truck Reader.
We plan to use this vehicle to keep you up to date on all the news of the
Janet Reno Campaign for Governor of Florida.
Janet Reno's campaign for Florida's Governor is gaining
momentum every day. Political pundits are calling this campaign the
"Number 1 race in all of America." It is energy from the grassroots that
is making the difference. We encourage you to send these stories to your
network of friends and colleagues, and invite them to join us online by
visiting us on the web at   Help expand the
Janet Reno network!
The Reno Campaign
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-25 15:59:28
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Internet Content Advisory: Considering The Unintended Audience 
Advisory 02-001
Internet Content Advisory: Considering The Unintended Audience
January 17, 2002
As worldwide usage of the Internet has increased, so too have the vast resources available to anyone online. Among the information available to Internet users are details on critical infrastructures, emergency response plans and other data of potential use to persons with criminal intent. Search engines and similar technologies have made arcane and seemingly isolated information quickly and easily retrievable to anyone with access to the Internet. The National Infrastructure Protection Center (NIPC) has received reporting that infrastructure related information, available on the Internet, is being accessed from sites around the world. While in and of itself this information is not significant, it highlights a potential The NIPC is issuing this advisory to heighten community awareness of this potential problem and to encourage Internet content providers to review the data they make available online. A related information piece on "Terrorists and the Internet: Publicly Available Data should be Carefully Reviewed" was published in the NIPC's HIGHLIGHTS 11-01 on December 07, 2001 and is available at the NIPC web site  Of course, the NIPC remains mindful that, when viewing information access from a security point of view, the advantages of posting certain information could outweigh the risks of doing so. For safety and security information that requires wide-dissemination and for which the Internet remains the preferred means, security officers are encouraged to include in corporate security plans mechanisms for risk management and crisis response that pertain to malicious use of open source information.
When evaluating Internet content from a security perspective, some points to consider include:
1. Has the information been cleared and authorized for public release?
2. Does the information provide details concerning enterprise safety and security? Are there alternative means of delivering sensitive security information to the intended audience?
3. Is any personal data posted (such as biographical data, addresses, etc.)?
4. How could someone intent on causing harm misuse this information?
5. Could this information be dangerous if it were used in conjunction with other publicly available data?
6. Could someone use the information to target your personnel or resources?
7. Many archival sites exist on the Internet, and that information removed from an official site might nevertheless remain publicly available elsewhere.
The NIPC encourages the Internet community to apply common sense in deciding what to publish on the Internet. This advisory serves as a reminder to the community of how the events of September 11, 2001 have shed new light on our security considerations.
The NIPC encourages recipients of this advisory to report computer intrusions to their local FBI office  or the NIPC, and to other appropriate authorities. Recipients may report incidents online at  and can reach the NIPC Watch and Warning Unit at (202) 323-3205, 1-888-585-9078 or

@_date: 2002-01-23 16:25:35
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: China censors web surfers 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  I started to read this story and I thought I was reading about the USA.]
China censors web surfers
By Lynne O'Donnell, China correspondent
CHINA'S cyber police have been handed sweeping powers of control over the internet as the communist authorities tighten their grip on access to information. Just weeks after joining the World Trade Organisation, the Chinese Government has begun a major censorship drive on its web-surfing citizens.
New laws force Chinese internet service providers to spy on their customers and provide detailed information to the Government about their internet-surfing habits.
Chinese ISPs must take responsibility for the activities of their customers, creating a culture of caution and self-censorship that is likely to restrict the quantity and quality of information to which China's 34 million internet surfers have access.
Internet cafes, which are regularly targeted for raids and crackdowns, will be forced to record details of all customers, as well as install software barring access to sites deemed unsuitable.
Authorities already block access to a variety of internet sites, including sites that are critical of the communist regime, such as human rights organisations, and a range of media sites including the Under the rules announced late last week, the powerful Ministry of Information and Technology has ordered ISPs that provide services in "sensitive and strategic sectors", such as news sites, chat rooms and bulletin boards, to pass on users' account numbers, addresses and phone numbers, as well as details on sites they access and viewing The ministry is also demanding that ISPs install software to screen emails, and to copy any messages that contain "sensitive material".
Distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in
receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-18 07:00:28
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: EVENT: Do Biometric Technologies Violate Our Rights? Cato 1-24-02 
January 17, 2002
Dear reader:
I would like to invite you to "Eye in the Sky--- and Everywhere Else: Do Biometric Technologies Violate Our Rights?," a policy forum at the Cato Institute on Thursday, January 24, 2002 at 11:00 a.m. (luncheon to follow).
Biometric technologies--- including facial recognition, retinal scanners, ID cards, and implantable chips coded with personal information--- have been increasingly in the news since camera use in last year Super Bowl, and particularly since the terrorist attacks in New York and Washington.
Panelists will discuss the benefits of and concerns about further deployment of biometric identification techniques in various areas of American life. Do they promise new levels of physical security and secure commerce by preventing others from impersonating you, or do they threaten fundamental values of privacy? What are the distinctions to be made between governmental and commercial deployment of biometric technologies, and what policy concerns arise when private companies profit from selling biometrics tools to law The forum will feature Joseph J. Atick, chairman and CEO of Visionics Corp., Marc Rotenberg, of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, Dorothy E. Denning of Georgetown University and RAND's John D. Woodward Jr.
Cato policy forums and luncheons are free of charge. To register for this event, please visit  or call Julie Johnson by 11:00 a.m., Wednesday, January 23, 2002, at (202) 789-5229, fax her at (202) 371-0841, or e-mail to Yours Sincerely,
Wayne Crews
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-15 15:40:05
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Kabul Takes Steps Toward Disarming Afghan Population 
Sender: owlswan
X-Accept-Language: en
Thought you should see some of the quotes in this:
Once the ID cards are issued, the authorities plan to require civilians
to register their weapons with the police. At that time, they will take
on the sensitive issue of who is allowed to keep guns in their homes.
"We haven't decided to go house to house yet," General Khan said, "but
we are studying how to do it." Officials said they hoped to carry out
the program across the country.
That compares with 100 reported cases of all serious crimes: robbery,
murder, drug smuggling and the like in the last two months. "This is not
a normal situation," Mr. Karim said. "When there are no guns in the
hands of people, the number of robberies will decrease. Right now, it's
a very difficult situation to control."

@_date: 2002-01-02 05:22:32
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: The End Of Anonymous Money? 
Euro bank notes to embed RFID chips by 2005
By Junko Yoshida, EE Times
Dec 19, 2001 (5:14 AM)
URL: SAN MATEO, Calif. - The European Central Bank is working with technology partners on a hush-hush project to embed radio frequency identification tags into the very fibers of euro bank notes by 2005, EE Times has learned. Intended to foil counterfeiters, the project is developing as Europe prepares for a massive changeover to the euro, and would create an instant mass market for RFID chips, which have long sought profitable application.
The banking community and chip suppliers say the integration of an RFID antenna and chip on a bank note is technically possible, but no bank notes in the world today employ such a technology. Critics say it's unclear if the technology can be implemented at a cost that can justify the effort, and question whether it is robust enough to survive the rough-and-tumble life span of paper money.
A spokesman for the European Central Bank (ECB) in Frankfurt, Germany confirmed the existence of a project, but was careful not to comment on its technologies. At least two European semiconductor makers contacted by EE Times, Philips Semiconductors and Infineon Technologies, acknowledged their awareness of the ECB project but said they are under strict nondisclosure agreements.
The euro will become "the most common currency in the world" at midnight on Jan. 1, when 12 nations embrace it, according to Ingo Susemihl, vice president and general manager of RFID group at Infineon. The ECB and criminal investigators in Europe are already on high alert, worried not only about counterfeiting of a currency most people haven't seen, but also of a possible increase in money laundering, given the euro's broad cross-border reach.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-02 17:41:19
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Choices of small handguns 
Right...like in a darkened bedroom as you crouch down waiting for your attacker... The squeeze cocker is a solution for a non-existent problem.  Do you really think a P7 is intrinsically safer than a Sig226 which has no operator manipulated safety?
Having a weapon that goes click clack is a detriment.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-05 15:49:52
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: FOI- Arizona Stadium Tax Nazis 
Reply-to: snail
As a tax hating Arizonan i figured I would like
to e-mail the TSA (Tourism Stadium Authority) board
members and tell them I think the new stadium
for Bill Bidwell and his stinking football team
should be built in St Louis, Mo using whatever
tax dollars the citizens of St Louis feel free
to spend on it. certainly not in Phoenix or Tempe
where the Arizona government goons want to build
it using MY tax dollars.
So I emailed Kim Monroe kmonroe at
the TSA and asked her for the email addresses
of the TSA board members.
She came back and said the email addresses were
secret and I couldn't have them.
I asked John Wilde for some legal advice on the
matter and he told me to get the information
requesting them as public records per
          A.R.S. Section 39-121
I wrote the TSA back and demanded for them to give
me the information under the public records
laws of A.R.S. 39-121 and told them I would sue
if they didn't give it to me.
I also emailed a press release to about 1500
Arizona media outlets asking if they could
write a story about how the TSA is refusing
to give out public information.
Last I sent a press release out to all of
the Arizona state senators and house members,
and most elected city and county officials
in Maricopa county complaining that the TSA
was refusing to give out public information
and asking for their help.
looks like something i did worked. i got this
email today listing the email addresses of
the TSA board members. I think it's from the
law firm that represents the TSA.
Please give it out to as many libertarians
and tax haters as you can so other people
can tell the TSA board members what they
think about Bill Bidwells stadium.
Dear Mr. Ross and Representative Huppenthal,
We represent the Tourism and Sports Authority and have been copied on the
exchange of correspondence between Mr. Ross, Representative Huppenthal and
Ms. Monroe of the Authority concerning Mr. Ross's public record request for
the email addresses of the Authority's Board members.  Please find below a
list of the requested addresses:
Mr. Roc Arnett:         rarnett
Mr. John Benton:                jbenton
Mr. Jim Grogan:         jgrogan
Mr. C.A. Howlett:               chowlett
Ms. Valarie Miceli:     vmiceli
Mr. Herman Orcutt:      horcutt
Mr. William Peltier:    wpeltier
Mr. Rod Williams:               rwilliams
In addition to contacting Authority Board members via email, correspondence
to Board members may, of course, be directed to the Board by mailing such
correspondence to any or all Board members directly c/o the Tourism and
Sports Authority, 14500 North Northsight Boulevard, Suite 312, Scottsdale,
Arizona 85260.  Also, phone messages for Board members may be left with Ms.
Debbie Kivin, Authority Receptionist, at (480) 505-0533.
Additionally, please be aware that the Authority, like most public entities,
has a policy requiring those requesting public records to complete a Public
Record Request Form prior to disclosure of the records.  In the interest of
expediency, I am forwarding the above records despite the lack of a
completed Public Record Request Form.  However, we would appreciate Mr. Ross
completing this form and returning it to the Authority as soon as possible.
A copy of the Public Record Request Form is available on the Authority's web
site located at If you have any questions or comments regarding the foregoing, please
contact me at your convenience.
Christopher Skinner
Fennemore Craig, P.C.
The information contained in this e-mail message is attorney privileged and
confidential information, intended only for the us of the individual or
entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended
recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or
copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone (602)
916-5000 or reply by e-mail and delete or discard the message. Although this
e-mail and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other
defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and
opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus
free and no responsibility is accepted by Fennemore Craig, P.C. for any loss
or damage arising in any way from its use. Thank you.
"When the people fear their government, there is tyranny;
when the government fears the people, there is liberty "
                              Thomas Jefferson
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-18 19:51:32
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Canadian Flag Censorship 
"Ralph Raico" ,
"Matthew Gaylor" Dear Friends,
A few days ago, Canadian government ordered FORCES Canada to remove Canadian
flag from its website. They said the flag is a trademark of the government
(!). Since no other site has been forced to do it, many argue Canadian
government legally attacked FORCES ( since it is a
pro-right to smoke organization. Please find below the incredible story.
Hope you find this of interest.
Why do we have a Canadian flag on our site? Here is the incredible story.
January 9th, 2001 - FORCES Canada receives a phone call from the Treasury
Board/Secretariat Canada. It is demanded to cease and desist from using
thew Canadian flag on the FORCES Canada site, because the Canadian
Government has the trademark on the flag, and it does not allow citizens to
use it. A written comunication on this issue is required by FORCES Canada.
January 10th - The communication is transmitted via e-mail, as shown below:
Subj:trademark infringement
Pat, this is further to our telephone conversation of January 9, 2002
regarding products identified on the Forces Canada Internet site that were
infringing on a registered trademark held by the Government of Canada.
The flag symbol is a global identifier of the Government of Canada. It is
used to identify federal institutions and is protected under the Trademarks
Act (Section 9 (1)(n)(iii) of the Act). The flag symbol was approved and
entered as an official mark of the Government of Canada on the Trademarks
Register held by the Canadian Trademarks Office, which is part of the
Canadian Intellectual Property Office at Industry Canada, on 30 September
As discussed, there is evidence that Forces Canada Internet site is
advertising on the World Wide Web bearing the flag symbol of the Government
of Canada. You are advised that your organization must take immediate
corrective action with respect to infringement of this trademark. In
addition we require a written undertaking to immediately cease and desist
displaying the flag symbol on the Forces Canada Internet site and all
associated pubic relations products.
If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Jan Ovens
613-957-2544 I ovens.jan  I
Facsimile/Tilicopieur : 613-946-5187
Federal Identity Program, Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat
Programme de coordination de l'lmage de marque, Secritariat du Conseil du
Trisor du Canada
400 Cooper St. | 400, rue Cooper | Ottawa Canada K1A 0R5
January 10th - FORCES Canada replies:
Dear Jan:
Thank you for your written directive. I am arranging to have the flag
removed from the FORCES Canada website as soon as possible. When this has
been done, I will advise you. It will also be removed from any other
materials used by our FORCES Chapter.
FORCES Chapters are grassroots, volunteer groups. We do not buy or sell
anything. The only thing we "advertise" by use of the flag is our
geographic locations.
I must tell you that this situation has produced incredulity, not only on
our part but in our international Chapters as well. With this type of
'ownership' of what was a unifying Canadian citizen identification symbol,
it's impossible to dialogue with counterparts in other countries on the
basis of a "free" nation status.
Thank you for the very professional way in which you have handled this
matter. I appreciate your civility.
Best regards,
January 11th - the flag is removed, and this letter follows:
Dear Jan:
The Canadian flag has been removed from FORCES CANADA - What's New and
FORCES CANADA
Please confirm that this Website modification is satisfactory.
Thank you and best regards,
January 16th - This letter is received by the Canadian Government:
Subj: trademark infringement
Pat, I have visited the Forces Canada Internet site and concur that the
necessary corrective action has taken place with respect to the trade-mark
infringement issue identified in my E-mail to you of January 10, 2002.
Thank you for your prompt attention to this issue.
My regards.
January 18th - Gian Turci, Canadian citizen living in Italy, sends the
following letter to Mr. Ovens:
Dear Mr. Ovens,
Please check the site  of which I am responsible. You
will find that I am in violation of your "trademark." I take sole
responsibility for this act of individualism, as a Canadian citizen,
against a once great nation.
I left Canada because, as a Canadian, I could no longer tolerate the
violations of human rights perpetrated against smokers, as the Canadian
Government has embraced junk science, scientific corruption, and systematic
disinformation on smoking as its public policy. I do not intend to remove
the Canadian flag from the above-mentioned site. Please proceed with the
lawsuit against me; you have no choice, since I am in violation of your law.
You may find that many other sites, in the near future, will be in
violation of your law. Please report to the Canadian Government, and tell
them to take that law and shove it - together with the antitobacco frauds.
Nothing personal, Mr. Ovens; we are both professionals: you have the duty
to enforce the ownership of the State-Oppressor, and I have the duty to
fight for liberty and truth.
Gian Turci
The Canadian flag is considered as an identifier in very many applications,
from souvenirs to commercial use. Considering the ferocity of the attacks
on smokers and the tobacco industry by the Canadian Government, the reason
why the Canadian Reich has singled out FORCES is obvious to anyone who
visits either FORCES Canada ( , or FORCES International
But what is more important, is the concept that a flag which, by
definition, defines the people of a nation, is considered as a definition
of Government instead, clearly indicating the perception the Government of
Canada has of Canadians. Considering that Canada is perceived by many as a
"leading nation" in the globalisation process, thus a model to follow, this
is yet another demonstration of what globalisation really means.
Any support from our Libertarian friends is appreciated.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-22 05:11:46
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Backscatter X-ray system. 
I believe by weight it is 83% metal.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-28 00:47:29
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Flag Wars: The Red Cross Attacks Pot 
The American Red Cross has asked the American Medical Marijuana Association  to stop using the red cross with a marijuana leaf in the background in their insignia. I've been promised the email exchanges between the two organizations. More to come.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-02-28 06:57:20
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Link Between Dell and Handgun Control, Inc.? 
I'm just now starting to get feedback from the Dell cancelation of the Weigand Combat Handguns, Inc. order and noticed that Dell computers is listed as a beneficiary at the below link.  I'm not sure who at Dell (if any) has authorized this?
Regards,  Matt-
Raise money for Handgun Control, Inc. everytime you shop online
Handgun Control, Inc.
Online Shopping Mall
Be sure to bookmark the Handgun Control, Inc. Online Shopping Mall as one of your favorites.  Connections to commercial websites must be made immediately from this links page for Handgun Control, Inc. to receive its share!
Computers & Accessories
Crucial Technology
Fragcity 	Got It Direct
Hardware Street
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-02-27 19:50:04
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Timothy McVeigh's Jury Supervisor US Marshal Scandal 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 2002
(202) 514-2008
TDD (202) 514-1888 FORMER DEPUTY UNITED STATES MARSHAL CHARGED
WITH PERJURY AND FALSE STATEMENTS
DENVER, COLORADO -- The Department of Justice announced that Benny Bailey of Denver, Colorado, formerly a Deputy United States Marshal for the District of Colorado, was indicted today by a federal grand jury in a two-count indictment charging him with perjury and false statements.  If convicted, Bailey faces on each count up to five years in prison and a fine of not more than $250,000.
According to the indictment, Bailey helped supervise the jury in the 1997 trial of Timothy McVeigh, who had been charged with bombing the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.  After the McVeigh trial concluded in June, 1997, Bailey became involved in an intimate relationship with an alternate juror from the trial.   In 1998 the trial court and, subsequently, defense counsel for McVeigh, received anonymous facsimiles alleging that Bailey and the alternate juror had an intimate relationship during the McVeigh trial and that Bailey attempted to influence the outcome of the trial by persuading this juror of McVeigh's guilt.  As a result of these anonymous facsimiles, the U.S. Marshals Service and the McVeigh trial judge investigated whether or not any improprieties had occurred between Bailey and any of the McVeigh jurors.
In Count One, the indictment charges that Bailey lied to his supervisor, the United States Marshal for the District of Colorado, when he falsely denied having had an intimate relationship with any McVeigh juror at any time.   In Count Two of the indictment, Bailey is charged with committing perjury when, during a hearing conducted by the trial judge, Bailey lied under oath about his contacts with the alternate juror in question.
The investigation, conducted by the Office of the Inspector General, found no evidence of improper contacts with the McVeigh jury during either the trial or jury deliberations.  Rather the indictment charges Bailey with lying about a relationship with an alternate juror after the trial.  The juror did not deliberate or participate in the verdict in any way.  The full results of this investigation were provided to the Court, as well as to McVeigh and his counsel. Prior to McVeigh's execution, after reviewing these results, the Court determined that there were no grounds for concluding that the verdict in the McVeigh case had been improperly influenced or The case was investigated by the Office of the Inspector General, and is being prosecuted by the Public Integrity Section of the United States Department of Justice.
 02-103
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-02-16 17:13:24
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Quis custodiet ipsos custodes: SS and jailbait 
What I find noteworthy is that CNN didn't mention the possibility of underage sex.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-02-16 17:03:51
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Network World Germany on censorware blinder-box 
exposing how censorware is impelled to ban anonymity, privacy, and
language-translation sites, because these represent escapes from control.
better viewed through a language-translation site:
 rld.de%2Fnews%2Fdaily-news%2Fmain.cfm%3Fid%3D37869&lp=de_en&tt=url&url Title translates as: "The worst pages in the Internet"

@_date: 2002-02-16 15:07:24
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Sex fights Verisign- Sex.tv Sues .tv Corporation 
Continuing strife in the Sex.tv Ltd./.tv Corp. feud, including allegations of fraud, deceptive business practices and cybersquatting. Sex.tv is seeking other .tv domain owners to join the suit, and says it already has several others waiting to do so; a Website has been established for information and contact.
As I'm sure you know, The .tv Corporation was bought by Verisign in January. It'll be interesting to see how Verisign responds to this, as another of its subsidiaries, Network Solutions, has been sued by sex.com. Sex.com also alleges fraud, as well as negligence, in the affair that transferred sex.com to an imposter several years ago. The domain was returned to the real owner, San Francisco businessman Gary Kremen, last year in a decision that also ordered the usurper to pay several million dollars in damages. The usurper now claims poverty and an inability to pay the judgment, and he's asked the court to release him from the obligation (no one's sure where the estimated $40 million he made from the Website while he had it went).
Sex.tv Sues .tv Corporation
By Kathee Brewer
Feb. 12, 2002
LOS ANGELES - Sex.tv disappeared from the Web on Monday, hours after its parent company, Sex.tv Ltd., filed suit against registrar The .tv Corporation in U.S. District Court. The lawsuit alleges fraud, cybersquatting, and deceptive business practices under California and federal statutes. It also seeks to have the court place the domain Sex.tv and the $688,000 paid by Sex.tv Ltd. to The .tv Corporation for domain registration fees in a "constructive trust" pending further action.
"Basically, we're saying The .tv Corporation made false statements in order to sell things," said Charles Carreon, attorney for Sex.tv Ltd., a British corporation. "They sold domain names with an implied warranty of merchantability; they represented them as functional when they had no functional IP addresses. They swindled my client and hundreds of thousands of .tv domain name registrants by selling them overpriced domain names that did not work. We are asking the court to order  The .tv Corporation to cough up what it obtained through fraud, deception, and unfair business practices in violation of California law."
According to a prepared statement released by Sex.tv Ltd., the company "is suing on behalf of all domain name purchasers, and includes in its complaints claims for cybersquatting, alleging that The .tv Corporation engaged in a 'protection racket' to register trademarks and 'ransom them back' to trademark owners for inflated The .tv Corporation prices domain names according to "desirability." According to a statement at the registrar's Website, "Most .tv Web addresses can be registered for $50/year. 'Premium' .tv Web addresses are common words and phrases and 1-, 2- and 3-character names. They can be registered at variable prices above $50/year." Recent registrations include drugstore.tv at $500,000, casino.tv at $250,000, and gay.tv and free.tv at $100,000 apiece. Business.tv, movies.tv, news.tv, and sports.tv are available for $1 million each.
Sex.tv Ltd. and The .tv Corporation have been at odds over implied and written contractual obligations at least since mid-December, when Sex.tv Ltd. President Fintan O'Rourke received an email message from The .tv Corporation Senior Director of Sales David J. Rosenbaum. In the email, dated 10 days before payment of the domain's second-year registration fee of $325,000 was due, Rosenbaum queried O'Rourke about his plans for the domain name, asking, "Are you planning to make full payment in time? Are you planning to breach the contract? I have someone else that wants the name, who can send money to arrive next week."
At the time, Sex.tv Ltd. principals called the email extortive and surprising, as they had not given The .tv Corporation any reason to doubt payment for the domain registration would be forthcoming. Carreon said he has been corresponding with officials of and attorneys for The .tv Corporation since then in an effort to resolve disputes over cooperative advertising, registration fees, and what he and O'Rourke said were fraudulent promises of traffic volume. Amid the negotiations, The .tv Corporation served notice of its intention to revoke the contract with Sex.tv Ltd. to O'Rourke via fax. That was on Jan. 11. Thirty days later, as allowed in the contract, it pulled the DNS registration of the Sex.tv Website on the same day the lawsuit was filed, after Carreon and O'Rourke decided negotiations had reached an impasse and withheld payment of the registration fee. On the same day, a notice appeared on a Web page to which the Sex.tv domain was redirected, stating the domain was for sale at a price of $1 million per year.
"I told [The .tv Corporation's attorney] on Thursday that the suit would be filed on Monday," Carreon said. "I received confirmation of the filing around noon on Monday, and at about 2:30 Fintan called me to tell me that the domain had been turned off."
O'Rourke said, "We refused to make payment because of [The .tv Corporation's] misrepresentations. We would have no problems making a payment for a domain name and a contract that was everything it should be, but this one hasn't been, and we're not prepared to pay for this domain until they perform the things they promised us."
Chief among the breached promises, according to O'Rourke, was that Sex.tv garnered 25 percent of all traffic entering domains within The .tv Corporation's realm, or 625,000 hits per month. "That kind of traffic would have represented about $1 million a year in revenues for us," O'Rourke said, but in actuality, "we have achieved no more than two or three hundred hits per day."
Another complaint involves the functionality of the domain, especially in Europe. Carreon said technical difficulties within The .tv Corporation prevented Sex.tv from being reached via the World Wide Web at least until April 2001, even though Sex.tv Ltd. purchased the domain in December 2000 and did everything in its power to make it live immediately.
O'Rourke and Carreon said they are convinced that Sex.tv Ltd. is not the only company to suffer at the hands of The .tv Corporation. They expect other parties to join Sex.tv Ltd.'s lawsuit within weeks. A Website has been established at  to provide information about the suit and facilitate contact for those who might wish to join.
"[The .tv Corporation has] clearly defrauded may hundreds of thousands of people throughout the world," O'Rourke said, noting that he has spoken with other .tv domain owners who are as disgruntled as he is with The .tv Corporation. "No matter how much [a registrant] has spent, .tv has an obligation to perform, and we want this suit to convince them of that."
Carreon and O'Rourke said Sex.tv Ltd. views the domain shutdown as retaliation for the lawsuit. "The .tv Corporation has been in bad faith since the beginning, and this latest turn is their usual M.O.," Carreon said. ".tv should do the right thing now that they have Verisign behind them and pay some bills."
Verisign bought The .tv Corporation in January for $35 million.
Lynn Thai, marketing director for The .tv Corporation, said the company had "no comment" about Sex.tv or the lawsuit.
Kathee Brewer
Technology Editor
AVN Online/TCI
9414 Eton Ave.
Chatsworth, CA 91311
Voice: (409) 765-0172
Fax: (818) 718-5799
E-mail: URL: AVNOnline.com: Daily news and resources are just a click away.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-02-07 15:43:28
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Clinton Gets Nailed By Croatian Military Intelligence 
BILL COZIES UP TO SLOBBO IN SECRET TAPES: By BILL HOFFMANN

@_date: 2002-02-11 20:55:53
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Anti-US Propaganda Postage Stamps 
Hi all...
As a hobby I collect Anti-US propaganda stamps, there are more than you think.
Anyway at last I've got my private stamp collection on line. It's called:
VIEL FEIND -- VIEL EHR'
(Many Enemies -- Much Honor!)
Anti-US Propaganda in the 20th Century
You can see it at:
When I started working on it, I fixed it so you would click on one stamp after another. Then I changed my mind and put all the stamps on one frame and then you click on the stamp to see it bigger.
Let me know what you all think.
Jim Hatridge
Linux User                   BayerWulf
     Linux System # 129656
          The Recycled Beowulf Project
   Looking for throw-away or obsolete computers and parts
    to recycle into a Linux super computer
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-02-16 20:18:40
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Andy Rooney: Least of our worries 
Andy Rooney's wooden-headed advocacy of a national ID card (or, incredibly, some kind of national ID tattoo) -- so that he'll have an easier time getting into ball games and getting through airport security --  is certainly ludicrous and offensive.
Rooney opines before an audience of millions, but one must hope that not all of his listeners are guzzling beer and nodding and mumbling, "Yeah, that's right, implant a microchip in my arm."
It's hard to know how to answer those who say it will be easy to institute safeguards in such a way that a national ID won't inaugurate a toboggan slide down the slippery slope into a police state. Each exponent of the national ID is farther down the slope than the one before. Rooney says the security personnel at airports can't tell the difference between a bomb and Band-Aid--but wants to give these same people access to all his private data and the job determining whether his actions and habits "fit the profile" of a terrorist or other deviant citizen.
Yes, Andy Rooney, of course any national ID card would be attended by a national database to which it is linked. And of course that national database would grow and grow and grow in terms of the amount of information about all of us that is logged therein. And of course no terrorist cares whether he's flagged in the database AFTER he's completed his mission and killed himself. Think, Andy, think.
But at least all the tried-and-true advocates of liberty can grasp the danger of universal surveillance and its empowerment of a police state rush to the defense of the rights and privacy of innocent people, right? At least we can count on the advocates of freedom, right? Right
But FreeMatt's Alerts has already alerted us to the fact that we can't. In a recent column for Laissez Faire Books, I reprise that theme. See my discussion at:
It's Cathy Young and James Robbins and Bob Poole, all more or less known advocates of freedom now more or less caving on issues of personal freedom and security in the wake of 911. No doubt they're not alone.
Young wants to give the feds a back door to our encrypted files. Robbins thinks his past opposition to a national ID has become Poole, a co-founder of the Reason Foundation and one of the triumvirate who took over Reason Magazine a year after its birth in the late 60s, at least has not openly advocated a national ID card. But Poole does advocate a so-called "trusted traveler" card, to be imposed by the governmental regime of airport security, a card which would be a step on the road to national ID. If Poole recognizes the concern as legitimate, however, he doesn't bother to discuss it. Not in his November column, posted at the Reason Foundation web site; and not in his more recent op-ed for the Wall Street Journal.
Well, enough's enough. Guys, you're fired. You are no longer leaders in any kind of movement proposing individual liberty. Pick up your severance checks and get out. And take your toboggan with you.
David M. Brown
David M. Brown  *  Writer and Editor  *  unreasonable rates
Columnist for Laissez Faire Books
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-02-27 20:50:20
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Dell Computer Corporation Doesn't Deserve Your Business 
[Note from Matthew Gaylor:  Jack Weigand the owner of Weigand Combat Handguns, Inc. and The American Pistolsmiths Guild "1999 Pistolsmith of the Year" (view his photo here ) was recently refused business by Dell Computers (800-915-3355) {Dell Computer Corporation One Dell Way,Round Rock, Texas 78682} because Dell claimed "it was because of the name of [his] business "Weigand Combat Handguns Inc.". Because [he's] involved in firearms [he] might be doing something illegal."  Weigand is asking that you refuse to do business with Dell, a proposal that I intend to honor.  Boycott Dell.   I'm carbon copying this message to Seth Finkelstein, who I consider the pit bull of the anti-censorware opposition.  And I have a question for Seth- Dell's use of the paraphrase comment "illegal purposes" reminds me of the various categories that filtering software uses to describe a site.  I wonder if Dell didn't run the Weigand site into a filtering application to make the decision not to sell one of their computers to him?]
Weigand Combat Handguns, Inc.
685 South Main Road  Mountaintop, PA  18707, Phone  570.868.8358, Fax  570.868.5218
Addressing the Dell Issue. 2/26/02
This is the letter I posted in a few Firearms Forums and sent via e mail.
This is a true account of my dealings with Dell over the past few weeks.

@_date: 2002-02-28 07:16:11
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Michael Dell's statement about suspicious orders 
Thanks for the opportunity to respond to the customer issue.  Please
    note (and post if you will), this note from Michael Dell to Dell
    customers, which we hope adequately explains the situation and Dell's
    response.  Please let us know if you have additional questions.
    Thanks very much, [Dell PR person]
    To Our Valued Customers and Friends:
    U.S. export laws restrict the sale of technology to terrorists and to
    people in countries that support terrorism. These laws also prohibit
    computer sales to people who will use the technology in developing
    biological or nuclear weapons. Dell strictly complies with our
    country's export laws in order to ensure the safety of our customers
    and citizens around the world. When there is reasonable cause for
    concern, we carefully review customer orders for prohibited
    destinations and activities.
    When additional follow-up on an order is required, our sales
    representatives ask our customers four basic questions:
    1. Who is the end-user?
    2. Where will the product be used?
    3. What will the product be used for?
    4. What type of business or industry is involved?
    The answers to these questions, like all customer information we
    gather, are confidential and are not shared outside of Dell.
    We recently received an order from a customer whose company name
    included the word "combat." We cancelled the order to give us enough
    time to follow up with the customer and be assured that the sale would
    be in compliance with U.S. export law. However, we failed to contact
    the customer, and as a result, we did not deliver the order as
    promised, and the customer did not know why. Once we discovered our
    error, we apologized to the customer for this misunderstanding, as
    well as the inconvenience caused by the delay. This is not the service
    standard that we hold ourselves to at Dell, and if I were a customer
    who'd received similar treatment, I would be very disappointed.
    We at Dell feel a strong obligation to uphold our federal law, but we
    have just as strong an obligation to be responsive to the needs of all
    our customers. I want to assure you that Dell does not discriminate
    against any business, regardless of the products or services they
    sell, nor do we discriminate against individual consumers. We do,
    however, sometimes make mistakes - as we did in this case.
    Thank you for your support.
    Sincerely,
    Michael Dell
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-03-21 21:27:32
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: EVENT: Gore Vidal 4-18-02 San Francisco "Understanding America's 
Dear Matt,
We will be holding an upcoming event with Gore Vidal, "Understanding America's Terrorist Crisis: What Should Be Done?", in San Francisco on April 18th.
Here is a link to the web page on the program:
Could I interest you in please sending out a notice to your email list to alert your readers?  We would be most grateful.
More specifically, I am adding below details of the program.
Please advise me if this might be possible and if you have any questions.
Thank you.
Best regards,
David J. Theroux
Founder and President
The Independent Institute
100 Swan Way
Oakland, CA 94621-1428
510-632-1366 Phone
510-568-6040 Fax
The Independent Institute Presents:
"Understanding America's Terrorist Crisis: What Should Be Done?"
Co-sponsored with Harper's Magazine
With GORE VIDAL, author and man-of-letters
Author, Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace (Nation Books)
Moderated by LEWIS LAPHAM, Editor, Harper's Magazine
With a panel of distinguished scholars:
BARTON J. BERNSTEIN, Professor of History, Stanford University
Author, The Truman Administration: A Documentary History (HarperCollins); Editor, Towards a New Past: Dissenting Essays in American History (Pantheon Books)
ROBERT HIGGS, Senior Fellow in Political Economy, The Independent Institute; Editor, The Independent Review; Author, Crisis and Leviathan: Critical Episodes in the Growth of American Government (Oxford University Press)
THOMAS GALE MOORE, Senior Fellow, Hoover Institution; Author, China in the World Market: Chinese Industry and International Sources of Reform in the Post-Mao Era (Cambridge University Press)
Could the horrific events of September 11th be setting in motion a chain of events far more significant than the terrorist attacks themselves? After retaliating against the Al Qaeda terrorist network, and its Taliban enablers, the Bush Administration now speaks of "bringing justice" to an "axis of evil" countries not involved in the 9/11 attacks--all while Osama bin Laden and most of the major terrorist leaders have escaped.
Meanwhile, the Middle-East may be teetering on the brink of a major war. World leaders in Europe, Asia, Africa, and around the world view U.S. military intervention with increasing alarm, and international opinion indicates that the U.S. may be more hated than ever. Could U.S. policies be provoking this hatred and the ever more ominous threats to the safety of Americans and people around the world? If so, how can we produce a safer world?
On the home front, the U.S. government has acquired broad new police powers to systematically spy on and detain both American citizens and foreign nationals without due process.  With the USA PATRIOT Act--legislation still being written when it was passed by Congress last fall--will such a measure really hinder terrorists or will it simply enable militant fundamentalists to destroy American liberty as the U.S. itself shreds the Bill of Rights?
Please join us for a special evening with world-renowned author Gore Vidal, moderated by Lewis Lapham, and including a distinguished panel of scholars, Barton Bernstein, Thomas Gale Moore, and Robert Higgs, to discuss why terrorism now threatens America and what should be April 18, 2002, 8-10 p.m.
Herbst Theatre
401 Van Ness Avenue
San Francisco, California
Tickets: $22 per person ($18 per person for Independent Institute Associate Members)
To reserve tickets, please contact Ms. Nichelle Beardsley at 510-632-1366 or GoreVidal
For further information, please go to The Independent Institute
100 Swan Way
Oakland, CA 94621-1428
510-632-1366 Phone
510-568-6040 Fax
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-03-05 15:51:01
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: IT: New Anticensorware Report: BESS vs Image Search Engines 
Date: Tue, 5 Mar 2002 10:17:11 -0500
  From: sethf (Seth Finkelstein)
  To: Seth Finkelstein's InfoThought list   Subject: New Anticensorware Report: BESS vs Image Search Engines
Available at: BESS vs Image Search Engines
Abstract: This report investigates how N2H2's censorware treats
several image search engines. N2H2/BESS turns out to blacklist popular
general image searching sites as "Pornography". The cached images held
by such sites are probably the cause. This is discussed as a deep
dilemma of censorware, where general search facilities may be
considered as tainted if they contain any cached forbidden material.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf  Seth Finkelstein's Infothought list - Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-03-02 18:28:00
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Bulk, unsolicited political email isn't spam -- right? 
Well ... let's be very careful about this:
When California's freshman state legislator Debra Bowen introduced AB1624 in 1994, to make public legislative records to free Internet access, it was essentially d.o.a.  The legislature had been selling the digital form for lots of loot, and to make matters worse, only weeks earlier, Bowen had already outraged the all-powerful Speaker, Willie Brown.  AB1624 was gonna DIE!
Someone sent me a copy, and I began advocating for it -- *mostly* by sending [brief] "unsolicited political email" about it to every eaddress I could find that *might* possibly have an interest in it. Initially, NONE of them had solicited it.  None of them knew anything about it.
It's the crucial chicken-and-egg problem of politics, and it's at the HEART of citizen participation in MOST of the process of our own Hundreds of those who *were* interested in my "unsolicited political email," in turn, sent it -- as "unsolicited political email" -- to thousands of other individuals online and listservs they thought might be interested.  Bowen's AB1624 suddenly had support ... LOTS of Were it not for that "unsolicited political email," it is CERTAIN that AB1624 would have died an early death in legislative darkness.
However, that grassroots effort -- that began with massive "unsolicited political email" -- ended by making California the first state in the nation to offer free online legislative-information access (and the same weird wording describing the then-"unknown" Internet, I drafted for Bowen to use in maturing versions of AB1624, has appeared in look-alike legislation in at least a dozen-or-so other states).
Additionally, almost everyone howls bloody murder about broadcast and direct-mail political ads, and more importantly, about the billions of dollars that are "donated" to fund these ads.  But, "unsolicited political email" provides a low-cost alternative for the ill-funded (e.g., Libertarians and Greens use it extensively!).  And it doesn't pollute the airwaves nor the landfill.  Do we REALLY want to "discourage" this alternative to big-bucks politics-as-usual?
And finally ... there have been similar uses of "unsolicited political email" to organize political action to halt the fed's efforts to block public access to strong encryption, impose censorship on electronic press and electronic speech, radically expand the government's freedom to snoop and peep ... and about numerous other political issues.
Let's be a bit careful about wanting to discourage bulk, unsolicited political email.  In my estimation, Calif guv-candidate Bill Jones' spam-piece was a poor effort at alternative campaigning; it's designer clearly didn't understand netiquette.
But that's okay -- he's being "rewarded" for his failure to "dress properly" for this community.  And other campaigners will learn how to use this "new" medium to get their message out *positively* ... just as earlier generations of activists learned how to use the "new" radio medium, and later the "new" television medium.
Jim Warren; jwarren technology & public policy columnist & advocate
345 Swett, Woodside CA 94062 U.S.A.; 650-851-7075; fax/off due to spam-glut
[self-inflating puffery: Playboy Foundation Hugh Hefner First-Amendment Award;
Soc.of Prof.Journalists-Nor.Calif. James Madison Freedom-of-Information Award;
founded InfoWorld, DataCast Magazine, and Computers, Freedom & Privacy Confs.;
Electronic Frontier Foundation's Pioneer Award (in its first year), blah blah]
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-03-02 17:34:35
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Dell Computer Firearm Fiasco Roundup 
For your convenience I've included below some articles and information on the Dell Computer/handgun control debacle. To encapsulate the incident... Jack Weigand, a Pennsylvania gunsmith ordered a Dell Inspiron 4100 notebook on Feb. 13.  When the laptop never arrived he called Dell and was informed that since his business involved firearms he might have been doing something illegal and that they have to check to make sure the order is in compliance with US export laws especially after 9-11.  Weigand, who also serves as President of the American Pistolsmiths Guild sent a message out to several gun lists asking that "I would like to respectfully ask the firearms community to do the following. If you intended to buy a Dell and because of this letter you do not, email Dell and let them know why. Feel free to distribute this account to all you know in the Firearms community, I think they need to know. I for one am sick and tired of people assuming just because we are involved with firearms that we are doing something illegal. I also do not believe Dell deserves our business if this is how they intend to treat us."
After his message went out, including being sent to the multiple of thousands who subscriber to Freematt's Alerts, Michael Dell the   "U.S. export laws restrict the sale of technology to terrorists and to people in countries that support terrorism. These laws also prohibit computer sales to people who will use the technology in developing biological or nuclear weapons."  Dell's explanation seemed somewhat bogus as the address of Weigand Combat Handguns, Inc. 685 South Main Road Mountaintop, PA  18707 doesn't sound like an address in Libya, Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Serbia, or Afghanistan.
A more likely scenario, and one in where I'm just speculating, is that Dell's automated software flagged the word "Combat" or "handguns" to institute the refusal of business.  I base this scenario not in a vacuum either, as was detailed in a 3-21-01 post to Freematt's Alerts.  An excerpt: "Filtering software has been pushed as the solution to stopping children from viewing inappropriate materials, like pornography, on the Internet.  However, the software has numerous flaws, the most basic being that it doesn't stop all of the pornography.  More ominously, and more of a threat to our long term liberty is the fact that the software in many cases "blacklists" political and other material incorrectly.  Seth Finkelstein, who just won the Electronic Freedom Foundation's Pioneer Award, details a few gun related sites that are blacklisted.  If a school or library had the SmartFilter program installed, students would be blocked from viewing those sites.  As a point of information-  which is listed as "extreme" is the site run by the noted Police firearm's Instructor Massad Ayoob.  The site is His Lethal Force Institute, which trains qualified citizens and police in armed self defense techniques.  The other sites, are listed under the category of criminal skills.  is the site for Springfield Armory an American producer of fine firearms {Which incidentally is the producer of the FBI's hostage rescue team's tactical pistol}.  My recommendation is that everyone enter their favorite site's url at:   and see if their site or company is blocked.  Then I'd take whatever action, including the courts to have the incorrect designation removed."
Below I have an interesting grouping of the nations that Novell doesn't do business with and presumably would be similar to what Dell is legally required to do.  Then I have a article from Solon Feb. 4, 2002 "Here's a tip for Treasury Department agents tracking al-Qaida's finances: You might want to pay a visit to the volume discount department at Dell Computer." Which might explain some of Dell's nervousness? Followed by two mainstream net journalist articles, the first from Declan McCullagh of Wired.com then Brian McWilliams, of Newsbytes.  Then I have a comment from John Young the owner of Cryptome.org who was responding to a post I made to the Cypherpunks mailing list.  And I end with some spin control from Tom Green, Senior Vice President, Law and Administration, Dell Computer Judging from the email I've been reading Dell's has wondered into a quagmire full of landmines.  People all around are cancelling orders from Dell or are swearing never to buy Dell again. An attorney who subscribes to Freematt's Alerts mentioned that he was going to buy close to thirty computers and a server from Dell, a purchase that he was going to give to another company.  His actual words were most unlawyer like.  Dell's going to have to do more to make this right. Terry Liberty Parker  of Austin Texas had this idea.  "Offer a 10% discount for the next 30 days to anyone showing proof of membership in a Dell approved list of gun rights organizations; like NRA, GOA and so on.  Those organizations can use that discount as an inducement to join during a concurrent recruiting drive.  When life hands you lemons, make lemonade    :)""
Regards,  Matt Gaylor-
Check out:
the many-axes-of-evil lists below:
Individual Validated License (IVL)
A formal document issued by the United States Department of Commerce
Bureau of Export Administration (BXA) to an exporter who has applied
for an export license.  Countries, end-users and end-use of software
products that require an Individual Validated License PRIOR to
shipment are grouped as follows:
Group 1: Libya, Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Serbia,
Afghanistan and Special Requirements (see below).
Group 2 : Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bulgaria, Cambodia,
Peoples Republic of China, Cuba, Estonia, Georgia, Iraq, Iran,
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Latvia, Libya, Lithuania, Moldova,
Mongolia, North Korea, Romania, Russia, Syria, Sudan, Tajikistan,
Turkmenistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, and Special Requirements
(see below).
Group 3: It is Novell's corporate policy not to provide education
services to Libya, Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan,
Serbia, and Afghanistan.

@_date: 2002-03-03 22:47:05
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: Senate goes cypherpunk -- suitcase nukes, etc 
DRUDGE REPORT
OCTOBER BULLETIN SAID AL-QAEDA TERRORISTS THOUGHT TO HAVE 10 KILOTON NUCLEAR WEAPON TO BE SMUGGLED INTO NEW YORK CITY
New York City 1 Megaton Surface Blast: Pressure Damage Map
 Sun Mar 03 2002
**TIME MAGAZINE**
New York -- In October, an intelligence alert went out to a small number of government agencies, including the Energy Department's top-secret Nuclear Emergency Search Team, based in Nevada.  The report said that terrorists were thought to have obtained a 10-kiloton nuclear weapon from the Russian arsenal, and planned to smuggle it into New York City, a special TIME magazine investigation Publishing sources tell the DRUDGE REPORT, the next cover story of TIME will headline: "Can We Stop the Next
The report hits newsstands Monday, March 4th.
MORE The source: a mercurial agent code-named DRAGONFIRE, who intelligence officials believed was of "undetermined" reliability, TIME reports.  But DRAGONFIRE'S claim tracked with a report from a Russian general who believed his forces were missing a 10-kiloton That made the DRAGONFIRE report alarming.  So did this: detonated in lower Manhattan, a 10-kiloton bomb would kill some 100,000 civilians and irradiate 700,000 more, flattening everything in a half-mile Counterterrorist investigators went on their highest state of alert, TIME reports.  "It was brutal," a U.S.  official told TIME.
It was also highly classified and closely guarded.
MORE Under the aegis of the White House's Counterterrorism Security Group, part of the National Security Council, the suspected nuke was kept secret so as not to panic the people of New York.  Senior FBI officials were not in the loop.  Former mayor Rudolph Giuliani says he was never told about the threat.  In the end, the investigators found nothing, and concluded that DRAGONFIRE'S information was false. But few of them slept better.
Counterterrorism experts and government officials interviewed by TIME say that for all the relative calm since Sept.  11, America's luck will probably run out again, sooner or later.  "It's going to be worse, and a lot of people are going to die," warns one U.S. counterterrorism official.  "I don't think there's a damn thing we're going to be able to do about it."
The DRUDGE REPORT has been briefed on other revelations coming from TIME's investigation:
The Coast Guard is arming itself against a possible terrorist attempt to destroy a major U.S.  coastal city by detonating a tanker loaded with liquified natural gas.
The Administration has recalled old CIA hands with experience in Central Asia.  Says an Administration official:
"You ended up going back to retirees because the bench was so light on Afghanistan.  We're still trying to get up to speed."
This week, Tom Ridge's office plans to announce a new color-coded alert system to warn local law enforcement and the public about threats within U.S.  borders, sources tell TIME.
While there is a genuine debate inside the government about whether Osama bin Laden is still alive, there is far less argument about what will happen after Washington is able to confirm that he is dead.  A U.S.  official told TIME last week that it is widely presumed that al-Qaeda sleeper cells will take retaliatory action once the terrorist leader is killed or proven dead.
"We're as vulnerable today as we were on 9/10 or 9/12," says presidential counselor Karen Hughes.  "We just know more."
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-03-08 05:02:18
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: The living _won't_ envy the dead 
Let me so bold to recommend "Nuclear War Survival Skills : Updated and Expanded 1987 Edition" by Cresson H. Kearny With Foreword by Dr. Edward Teller. Original Edition Published September, 1979,by Oak Ridge National Laboratory, a Facility of the U.S. Department of The book is available to read online at:  Regards,  Matt-
Foreword by Edward Teller:
There are two diametrically opposite views on civil defense. Russian official policy holds that civil defense is feasible even in a nuclear war. American official policy, or at any rate the implementation of that policy, is based on the assumption that civil defense is useless.
The Russians, having learned a bitter lesson in the second world war, have bent every effort to defend their people under all circumstances. They are spending several billion dollars per year on this activity. They have effective plans to evacuate their cities before they let loose a nuclear strike. They have strong shelters for the people who must remain in the cities. They are building up protected food reserves to tide them over a critical period.
All this may mean that in a nuclear exchange, which we must try to avoid or to deter, the Russian deaths would probably not exceed ten million. Tragic as such a figure is, the Russian nation would survive. If they succeed in eliminating the United States they can commandeer food, machinery and manpower from the rest of the world. They could recover rapidly. They would have attained their goal: world domination.
In the American view the Russian plan is unfeasible. Those who argue on this side point out the great power of nuclear weapons. In this they are right. Their argument is particularly impressive in its psychological effect.
But this argument has never been backed up by a careful quantitative analysis which takes into account the planned dispersal and sheltering of the Russian population and the other measures which the Russians have taken and those to which they are committed.
That evacuation of our own citizens can be extremely useful if we see that the Russians are evacuating is simple common sense. With the use of American automobiles an evacuation could be faster and more effective than is possible in Russia. To carry it out we need not resort to the totalitarian methods of the iron curtain countries. It will suffice to warn our people and advise them where to go, how to protect themselves. The Federal Emergency Management Administration contains the beginnings on which such a policy might be built.
The present book does not, and indeed cannot, make the assumption that such minimal yet extremely useful government guidance will be available. Instead it outlines the skills that individuals or groups of individuals can learn and apply in order to improve their chances of survival.
This book is not a description of civil defense. It is a guide to "Stop-gap" civil defense which individuals could carry out for themselves, if need be, with no expenditures by our government. It fills the gap between the ineffective civil defense that we have today and the highly effective survival preparations that we could and should have a few years from now. However, if we go no further than what we can do on the basis of this book, then the United States cannot survive a major nuclear war.
Yet this book, besides being realistic and objectively correct, serves two extremely important purposes. One is: it will help to save lives. The second purpose is to show that with relatively inexpensive governmental guidance and supplies, an educated American public could, indeed, defend itself. We could survive a nuclear war and remain a nation.
This is an all-important goal. Its most practical aspect lies in the fact that the men in the Kremlin are cautious. If they cannot count on destroying us they probably will never launch their nuclear arsenal against us. Civil defense is at once the most peaceful and the most effective deterrent of nuclear war.
Some may argue that the Russians could evacuate again and again and thus, by forcing us into similar moves, exhaust us. I believe that in reality they would anger us sufficiently so that we would rearm in earnest. That is not what the Russians want to accomplish.
Others may say that the Russians could strike without previous evacuation. This could result in heavy losses on their part which, I hope, they will not risk.
Civil defense as here described will not eliminate the danger of nuclear war. It will considerably diminish its probability.
This book takes a long overdue step in educating the American people. It does not suggest that survival is easy. It does not prove that national survival is possible. But it can save lives and it will stimulate thought and action which will be crucial in our two main purposes: to preserve freedom and to avoid war.
Edward Teller
Copyright 1999 Nuclear War Survival Skills
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-04-10 06:42:34
@_author: Matthew Gaylor 
@_subject: Re: E-Gold 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't believe E-gold has ever claimed anonymity.  But as a bailee, which is what they do advertise being, E-gold works well.
Regards,  Matt-
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at
