
@_date: 2002-05-14 04:07:41
@_author: FreeMP3 
@_subject: Get A FREE MP3 Player - Listen To Great Books! 
See below for your Exit Information.
DOWNLOAD THE SUMMONS NOW – LISTEN TO IT ON YOUR FREE MP3 PLAYER! John Grisham is back doing what he does best – delivering the top legal thrillers of his generation. The Summons is Grisham’s first suspense novel in two years and now you can listen to it on your FREE MP3 player- only from Audible. Audible is the source for great audio entertainment and information. Now you can forget about those expensive and clumsy audiobooks on cassette and CD. Audible is digital so you can listen on any computer or AudibleReady™ Pocket PC or MP3 player. Listen on your commute or at the gym or anywhere you want to get away from it all. SPECIAL OFFER Join one of our great, money-saving membership plans now and we will send you a free OTIS™ MP3 player (a $119 value)! Designed and manufactured to our specifications, Audible’s own OTIS is the best way to listen to Audible content. Compact and stylish, the OTIS is sturdy, lightweight and smaller than the average cell phone. The OTIS: · Holds up to 64 MB of memory · Plays up to 17 hours of Audible content, plus Windows Media and MP3 files · Used USB connectivity for fast audio transfer · Comes with FREE ear buds, carrying case and cassette adapter Enjoy The Summons by John Grisham or choose from over 20,000 other selections – bestsellers like 2nd Chance by James Patterson or Up Country by Nelson DeMille, as well as daily versions of The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times or other subscriptions. To get your free MP3 player, visit:  Note: Offer expires 6/30/02, while supplies last. You may have received this in error if you currently have more than one active Audible account. Audible reserves the right to cancel, change or substitute this offer at any time. Void where prohibited by law and subject to all federal, state and local laws and regulations. Some titles are not available in all countries. © Copyright 2002 Audible, Inc., All Rights Reserved Your email address has been submitted to The PermissionPass Network for mailing by one of our merchant clients, or included as part of an assets purchase.  You may permanently remove yourself at   Thank you..
- FreeMP3
