
@_date: 2001-09-18 11:10:12
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Majority of Americans want anti-encryption laws, poll says 
So we know whoever put this survey (or the report) together is illiterate as well.
I think "Encryption Laws Be Reduced" too.

@_date: 2001-09-18 10:56:51
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: I hope this war puts an end to PC nonsense 
What happened to the new feeling of unity in America since the Late Note that a number of lives were saved by smoking at the WTC when people popped down or tarried for a cigarette (whereas *none* were saved by not smoking) .  Of course they were outside because of anti-smoking rules so in this case, perhaps smokers and anti-smokers sort of worked together to save

@_date: 2001-09-18 01:38:35
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: I hope this war puts an end to PC nonsense 
I was thinking of what would be available and somewhat effective as an improvised weapon on a hijacked aircraft since we've been deprived of guns and decided that laptops fit the bill best.
No Sony Vaios.  Something a bit heavier.
Held in front of you it could deflect an edged weapon.
Slammed around it could make a short, blunt club.
And laptops are certainly available.
Even though your laptop would probably not survive the experience; if *you* did, you could probably get the manufacturer to give you a replacement in exchange for the good publicity.
Tank:  What do you need -- besides a miracle?
Neo:   Guns.  Lots of guns.
   -- Marcus Chong to Keanu Reeves in "The Matrix"

@_date: 2001-09-17 18:54:32
@_author: "Duncan Frissell" 
@_subject: RE: I hope this war puts an end to PC nonsense 
That so many millions of children are programmed to mutter about how "bigotry is our most important problem" and "terrorism comes from our hearts" shows how far we've sunk into the miasma of political I hope if nothing else good comes from recent events, at least we see the death of crap like this.
--Tim May
In addition to destroying Pop Culture (at least temporarily) the attack has put a lot of nonsense into perspective.
As I said to some one the other day,  "If this is war no smoking regulations.  SWmoke 'em if nyou've got 'em."
DCF.

@_date: 2001-09-18 11:06:24
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Majority of Americans want anti-encryption laws, poll says 
So Al's grandma who forgets to kill her pre-war copy of Netscape logs onto an oversease website still supporting SSL aand ends up in Leavenworth making little ones out of big ones.
BTW, the perps used their real names and IDs and Osama doesn't even use a telephone.  He communicates using couriers from his family's clan.

@_date: 2001-09-19 13:55:56
@_author: "Duncan Frissell" 
@_subject: Re: crypto law survey questions 
I wonder what's going to be in the emergency anti-terrorism bill that
Bush will send Congress on Wed or Thurs. Maybe not crypto restrictions,
but the language will likely bear a close read.
I wonder about enforcement as well.  Crypto was outlawed in WWII but I don't think too many people served time for using it.  It was also not very widespread.  Here you've got a popular technology who's suppreswsion nwill be more like Vice Squad work.  Synbolic crackdowns without a serious expectation of success.
Also crypto bans are meaningless without anonymity bans and anonymity bans haven't been too successful in court.  And even with court support, anonymity bans are even harder to enforce than crypto bans.
Also crypto bans are really *cypher* bans.  Codes are not covered.  Ubiquitous comms make code comms easier than ever.
"East Wind, Rain".
 DCF

@_date: 2001-09-26 13:52:50
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Right to enter is restricted to the landlord or reprsentatives under
particular circumstances.  Emergency personnel (firemen) can also enter.
Peace officers can enter in "hot pursuit" situations.
In the case of peace officer questioning, you can just ask them to leave.
No need to hide.
The main reason not to invite peace officers in is because of the risk
they might see something which would give rise to probable cause for a
The reason for not talking to them is that most people don't know
what the legal implications of their words are.  That's what lawyers are
You don't have to talk to them outside your house either or after arrest
or any time.
"Nuke 'em till they glow then shoot 'em in the dark." -- Courtesy of the
National Commission for the Preservation of Right Wing Slogans.

@_date: 2001-09-30 13:15:38
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: RE: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
Sorry, you're right.  I was too short.  "Live in a cold climate and return to the home insulation standards that prevailed before "energy crisis" fascism.  (And arrange to be fat like me if you can so you'll remain comfortable in a cold house.)  I think the toxic mold thing is a side effect of modern wallboard and insulation standards.
During the 20th century government employees murdered 170 million people.
During the 20th century everyone else murdered 20 million people. A word to the wise...

@_date: 2001-09-30 03:37:02
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
Or live in a house made of real materials instead of wallboard.
Or live in a cold climate.

@_date: 2001-10-26 17:48:01
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: James Glassman wants national IDs: "We have to give up" 
And most significantly - the UK.  In spite of recent rumors....
"Afridis have curious ideas as to the laws of hospitality; it is no
uncommon thing for them to murder their guests in cold blood, but it is
contrary to their code of honor to surrender a fugitive who has claimed
asylum with them." -- .ROBERTS, (Field-Marshal, Lord, of Kandahar).
FORTY-ONE YEARS IN INDIA from Subaltern to Commander-in-Chief... London:
Bentley, 1897.  Vol I Pg 32.  [The author was the last foreign general to
defeat the Afghanis.]

@_date: 2001-10-26 01:22:33
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: The Cost of Oil 
Likewise stupid quote:
Congress has decided that basic fundamentals of energy policy as practiced by virtually every other nation are off-limits," says Pietro Nivola, a senior fellow at Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C. "Where is it written that Americans have a Constitutional right to dollar-a-gallon Gas taxes were high in Europe before anyone thought of having an energy policy.  They were a luxury tax on cars - driven only by "the rich" in Europe at the time.  A better question is why, if we are going to have taxes at all, should some goods and services be taxed more than others.  And don't feed me that "neighborhood effects" bullshit or I'll suggest punishingly high taxes on Congresscritters so that their antisocial activities can be discouraged.  [Concept stolen from Heinlein - TMIAHM]
Why have an energy policy in any case if we don't  have a Pokemon Card policy?
"In those days there was no king in Israel, but every man did that which was right in his own eyes." -- The Book of Judges, Chapter 17, Verse 6.

@_date: 2001-10-26 01:01:41
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: MORE MENTALISM 
Looks like 13 books rather than one:
Thirteen Steps to Mentalism - Step Five: Blindfolds & X-Ray Eyes
Thirteen Steps to Mentalism - Step Three - Mnemonics and Mental Systems
Thirteen Steps to Mentalism - Step Two - Pencil, lip, sound, touch and muscle reading
Thirteen Steps to Mentalism: Step Four - Predictions
Thirteen Steps to Mentalism: Step Seven - "Book Tests" and Supplement
Five currently available via Bookfinder.

@_date: 2001-10-12 02:34:52
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: NYT:At U.S. Request, Networks Agree to Edit Future bin 
Here's a translator that will let you view the Al Jazerra site:
Click English Site on right
Click Aljazzer.net on the top of the Most Visited Sites list to the left

@_date: 2001-10-02 22:02:15
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: America needs an enema... 
Actually that raises the interesting question-
If we could do so without stolen money and without collateral damage, would it be moral to invade countries and kill their governments to prevent the oppression of their people?
That is, since all governments violate people's rights and some violate them more than others, would attacks on governments by outsiders be proper (as internal revolution presumably is)?
My poli sci prof once said "after the 'Revolution' of 1845 in England, the Liberals imposed laissez-faire."  Can one impose non-imposition?
Is it wrong to kill a government?
Sic Semper Tyrannis.

@_date: 2001-10-12 02:20:59
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: NYT:At U.S. Request, Networks Agree to Edit Future bin 
Or you could go straight to the horse's mouth:
Al Jazeera
Their live feed (though it's not working for me):
"Best experienced using MS Internet Explorer 5.5"
"I brought up blankets, towels, toilet paper, Kleenex, aspirin, a bottle of rum and the .38" -- What my grandmother Louise Porter Frissell took to the evacuation assembly point at Schofield Barracks, Oahu, Territory of Hawaii, on December 7th 1941.

@_date: 2001-10-12 18:17:04
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Feingold amendment 
And of course in British "Knock me up at 7:00" means "Wake me up at 7:00".
For all we have and are
For all our children's sake
Stand up and take the war
The Hun is at the gate
   -- Rudyard, of course

@_date: 2001-10-12 11:26:00
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Feingold amendment 
Another example of such confusion would be a request to "knock me up".  Has slightly different meanings in the two languages.

@_date: 2001-10-12 11:24:04
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Feingold amendment 
One of the great conflicts between English and American.
"Table" means to schedule for debate in British and to dump in American.
Complicated by the fact that we do use the phrase to "put on the table" as you Brits do.

@_date: 2001-10-18 18:41:16
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
If it was intended to harm the NYPD, it's had the opposite effect:
Note the following man-on-the-street interview (there's a war on we can
use traditional language again):
The Next Big Thing on WNYC radio 29 September 2001
Freddie Torres of the Red Hook Projects in Brooklyn (who describes himself
as a street thug) talks about how The Incident has affected him and his
view of the NYPD.  (3:00 minutes into the segment).  "This is the first
time I can say that New York City cops are good."

@_date: 2001-10-17 18:26:50
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
Note too that many of the detained may not have lawyers.  Most of them are not being held on criminal charges.  They are held as material witnesses or on immigration holds.  I don't know if a material witness has a right to an attorney but immigration offenses are civil not criminal matters (in most cases) and thus the prisoners have to pay for their own lawyers which means that those who have no money have to find lawyers and convince them to work for free and to spend their own money chasing their clients around the country as they are moved.

@_date: 2001-10-27 14:00:52
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
In fact, during the recent electricity "crisis" in KKKalifornia, the state Attorney General threatened the CEO of Enron with prison rape as part of his punishment for selling electricity to KKKalifornians at an inappropriate price.
If Womyn and Victims of Color think that it is tough to make it in an advanced capitalist society, they should have tried doing it the way Dead White European Males had to do it -- building an advanced capitalist society out of ancient tyrannies from the ground up stone by stone.

@_date: 2001-10-27 13:56:07
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
I don't know.  Sayyid Qutb, one of the founders of modern Islamic Fundamentalism managed to *write* his all-time bestseller "Mallem Fittareek" (Milestones) while in an Egyptian prison.  Nasser executed him for it a few years after he got out.
Actually, reading is quite popular in prison.  As is writing.
"I know what war is, hell it's just a stupid card game." - Mad Magazine quoting U.S.Grant in an article on how famous sayings were just taken out of context.

@_date: 2001-10-26 19:14:03
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
"Otium sine litteris mors est. -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
But *with* literature, it's great.
Unfortunately, some prisons deny a wide choice of reading matter to their inmates but as long as you declare yourself a Baha'i upon entry, you get to read all the world's scriptures (including the complete works of L. Ron [1] And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel.
[3} ... but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord's servants? why then doth my lord require this thing? why will he be a cause of trespass to [7] And God was displeased with this thing; therefore he smote Israel. 1 Chronicles 21.

@_date: 2001-10-26 17:36:16
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
Besides, "Prison is not punishment to the literate."
"Laws that target 100% of the population to control the behavior
of 0.001% are also seldom productive, not least because they tell the
0.001% how not to get caught." --- WSJ Editorial 26 October 2001

@_date: 2001-10-26 19:17:24
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Pravda Propaganda On The NRA, GOA and Militias 
But the colors are backwards.  As in the UK, the party of the Left should be Red and the party of the Right blue.
Color of communism v the color of patriotism.
"In 1776, fewer than 10% of Americans owned firearms.  This proves that the American gun culture of today is an evil creation of gun manufacturers and the NRA."
"In 1776 fewer than 10% of Americans owned a coach and four.  This proves that the American car culture of today is an evil creation of General Motors and the AAA."

@_date: 2001-10-26 18:09:09
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: The end of the Fourth Amendment 
Unfortunately, the Fourth doesn't ban secret searches it just bans
warrantless ones.  And that ban was destroyed years ago:
UNITED STATES v. MILLER, 425 U.S. 435 (1976)
Held: Respondent possessed no Fourth Amendment interest in the bank
records that could be vindicated by a challenge to the subpoenas, and the
District Court therefore did not err in denying the motion to suppress.
Pp. 440-446.
Since then most of our "papers and effects" have been open to warrantless
Any good computer mechanics out there who can rig an electro-mechanical
interface for a computer-actuated spring gun.  Double-barreled shotgun
pointed at the keyboard.  Enter the right passphrase within 30 seconds of
starting your session or be splattered across the monitor.
"If you want to accurately foretell the future, predict war.  You'll
always be right." -- Robert Heinlein Worldcon 1976.

@_date: 2001-10-31 19:21:48
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Osama bin Laden as SF fan 
Apparently, "al-Qaeda"  means "the base." Which will almost certainly
lead to an obnoxious rash of "al your Qaeda are belong to U.S." sightings.
The name came into use when Osama used his cash to bankroll a series of
bases in Pakistan to assist fighters on their way Afghanistan to fight the
Commies.  He used the opportunity to collect a rather valuable direct
marketing list of somme 40,000 names and addresses of dedicated Musselman
Warriors for future use.  Wonder what dbase software he uses?
"War is a great excuse to get out of the house and away from the
wife and kids."

@_date: 2001-11-30 18:01:48
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com - Bush defends tribunals, saying 'we're at war'  -November 
But they won't be.  In any case, how are they "levying War against
them [the United States], or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid
and Comfort?

@_date: 2001-11-26 15:39:51
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: New Federal Patriot Act Turns Retailers into Spies 
The Boston Globe
New Federal Patriot Act Turns Retailers into Spies against Customers
By Scott Bernard Nelson, The Boston Globe
Nov 20, 2001 2:18 AM Nov.  18
--Ordinary businesses, from bicycle shops to bookstores to bowling
alleys, are being pressed into service on the home front in the war
on terrorism.
One problem with these horror stories -- this has been the law for circa
20 years.
See IRS Form 8300:
 I forget when these rules were enacted but I do remember writing about
them in the middle 1980s.

@_date: 2001-11-13 18:29:21
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Stimson Center demands gvt censorship of chemical-data 
What a laugh.  The only reason this info is available is because the Feds
mandated "Right to Know".  If corporate privacy had been protected,
there'd be no problem.
Note some of the other implications.  Thanks to Megan's Law, terrorists
know where to get child molestors to recruit for attacks on America's
children.  Thanks to the existence of the Social Security System
terrorists have the SS Death Index to steal the identities of the dead
with.  Thanks to the SEC, terrorists can use Bill Gate's SS# (539-60-5125)
to take over Microsoft.  Thanks to Medical Licensure, anti-abortion
zealots can find abortionists to kill.  All this mandated record keeping
and disclosure is very dangerous.

@_date: 2001-11-14 11:45:09
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Sedition 
Anyway, don't we have dozens (hundreds?) of pro-freedom policy analysts in DC.  Between CATO and all the rest.  Haven't the commies been complaining about our massive numbers "funded by the corporations".

@_date: 2001-11-19 22:23:26
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: RE: Nuclear Pipe Bombs 
Those restrictions usually also prohibit the *design* of nuclear weapons
(don't know if Berzerkeley's does) in which case they are
unconstitutional because of the First.

@_date: 2001-11-27 19:29:56
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Drivers License as ID Card 
Americans and their Drivers Licenses.  There's something funny about
"States Devising Plan for High-Tech National Identification Cards
By Robert O'Harrow Jr.
Washington Post Staff Writer
Saturday, November 3, 2001; Page A10
State motor vehicle authorities are working on a plan to create a
national identification system for individuals that would link all
driver databases and employ high-tech cards with a fingerprint, computer
chip or other unique identifier."
"4th Arrest in Probe of Hijacker ID Fraud Man Accused of Helping
Suspects in Sept. 11 Terror Attacks Exploit Va. Loophole
By Patricia Davis and Brooke A. Masters
Washington Post Staff Writers
Friday, October 26, 2001; Page B09
A fourth person was arrested and charged yesterday with helping the
Sept. 11 hijackers illegally obtain Virginia identification cards less
than five weeks before the terrorist attacks.
Both civilians and officials seem to think that there is some magic
about a drivers license that would make it a good national ID and
requires that it be protected from misuse by unauthorized persons.
Apparently unknown to these worthies is the fact that terrorists,
criminals, or just plain folks can do anything they want to do without a
drivers license issued by a US state.
As surprising as it may seem, one can drive, rent cars, fly domestically
or internationally, get a job, start a business, rent accomodations,
open bank accounts, and do anything you like without a US drivers
Holders of foreign drivers licenses can drive in the US.
Among the four million US expats are many native born US citizens who
have an absolute right to enter, live, and work in the US but who do not
*currently* even have a right to obtain a US drivers license since they
are not *resident* in the US.  Any US citizens who care to can
characterize themselves as being in this group.
A drivers license issued by a US state is no more than evidence of
identity.  It is not evidence of right to reside in the US, right to
work in the US, etc.  One must use other documents to establish right to
reside and right to work (if those documents are required).  One can use
other documents to establish identity.  Including most significantly a
passport (whether foreign or domestic).
With 300 million US border crossings by aliens annually, it is clear
that plenty of aliens are travelling around the country almost none of
whom have drivers liccenses issued by a US state.
I hope that a "new, improved, drivers license" takes some of the heat
off the National ID concept.

@_date: 2001-12-07 18:26:12
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: codetalkers get some press 
"Windtalkers" from John Woo and MGM.  Due out June 14th 2002.

@_date: 2001-12-06 19:14:10
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: What's Our National Identity? 
What's Our National Identity?
By Duncan Frissell 12.06.01
Oracle's Larry Ellison and Harvard's Allen Dershowitz have been all over
the media recently pitching a National ID Card. One poll indicates 70%
public support for the notion.
Most critics of a National Identity Card mention Hitler, police stops,
and personal privacy to argue against the proposal.  Those are good
reasons to oppose a National ID Card, but they  miss the idea's worst
Proponents of a National ID Card have a responsibility to tell us
exactly what the system will do to day-to-day life in America.  They are
unlikely to do so because most thoughtful Americans would be alarmed at
the prospect.
A National ID card is *not* really about identity. It is about
When you present your National ID to complete a transaction, you will
actually be asking the Federal Government for its permission. It
converts most significant transactions that you make from private ones
to public ones. It creates a government license for all jobs, all
travel, all medical care, and many purchases. This is a profoundly
troubling departure from American traditions.
"War is Heck!"

@_date: 2001-12-05 23:10:52
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Reputation of a Reputation 
It's actually called the "Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics".
And even though "Moral Philosophy" is not a science, it is a bit easier to
award reasonable prizes in than Literature and Peace.  "Toni Morrison call
your agent."
"War was created so that men in primative societies would have a valid
excuse for deserting the wife and kids."

@_date: 2001-12-03 22:22:44
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Reputation of a Reputation 
Special agents should read the Economist in addition to NLECTC Law Enforcement & Corrections Technology News Summary The lemon dilemma
Oct 11th 2001
 From The Economist print edition
This year's Nobel prize for economics honours work inspired by a simple observation about used cars
This year's other two laureates, Michael Spence of Stanford University and Joseph Stiglitz of Columbia, won their prize for analysing how firms and consumers separate the gems from the lemons in a variety of industries.
Mr Spence's early work focused on how individuals use signalling to communicate their abilities in the labour market. Job applicants, for example, want to distinguish themselves from the mass of other hopefuls. They may try to do this in a number of ways, from a fancy suit to a fancy education. But for signals to be believable, Mr Spence observed, they need to differ substantially in their cost of acquisition. For example, for education to work as a credible signal, it must be harder for less able employees to get. Indeed, even if such an education gives a student no tangible skillsreading classics at Oxford, sayit can still be a useful signal of relative quality to employers.
Signalling is used in many markets, wherever a person, company or government wants to provide information about its intentions or strengths indirectly. Taking on debt might signal that a company is confident about future profits. Brands send valuable signals to consumers precisely because they are costly to create, and thus will not be lightly abused by their creators. Advertising may convey no information other than that the firm can afford to advertise, but that may be all a consumer needs to know to have confidence in it. Perhaps advertising, as a signal, is not money entirely wasted, as some economists argue.
It's all about signaling.
What was the plea bargain which featured the greatest sentence reduction in the history of the criminal law?
A reduction from a charge of Sodomy to a charge of Following Too Close.
   --Courtesy of the National Commission for the Preservation of Politically Incorrect Law School Jokes.

@_date: 2001-12-06 14:51:47
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: CJ sent you a Yahoo! Greeting 
And last night was Guy Fawkes:
Gunpowder and all.
"At least John Ashcroft protects tha 2nd Amendment Rights of aliens so he
hasn't tossed out the whole Constitution."

@_date: 2001-12-13 20:58:30
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: How do you sleep? 
That was a Fraser Institutute writer btw. But then an Aussie commie might
not make nice distinctions.
The IMF/WTO should hold a get together in one of the US states with
concealed carry laws and then we'd see how commie scum fare.
If capitalists were really up to snuff, they'd organize a counter demo
force armed with the most effective pre-firearms crowd control weapon --
the quarterstaff.  Cut down on the old street demos.
"My fifth great grandfather Captain William Frizzell didn't answer the
Lexington alarm back in April of '75 so that anti-globalization protestors
(or governments for that matter) could stop me from exchanging any atoms
or bits with anyone else on earth.  And if they try, I have the right to
use the same means *he* employed against his enemies."

@_date: 2001-12-14 02:38:37
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Who Am I Anyway? 
There's a difference between registering for the Draft or signing enlistment papers and proving your identity.  I contend that proof of identity was not required for US military service in WWII.  I'll investigate further and see what I can come up with about the enlistment DCF

@_date: 2001-12-13 22:59:02
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Who Am I Anyway? 
But of course they weren't required to have birth certificates.  It also
seems to me that a large number of under age troopies managed to enlist.
Now I didn't fight in WWII but when I applied for an SSN in *1968*, they
didn't ask for any proof of anything.  They just took my word for it.
Typed it up and gave it to me as I stood there.  I'll bet they were looser
in 1941.
I'll bet that the AAC grunts loading the Enola Gay on Tinian Island had
not been backgrounded by the FBI.  In any case, a background check is a
third-party check.  You can have one performed on you w/o having supplied
proof of identity.
Hate to quote myself:
In the early 1950's Robert Heinlein and his wife Virginia took a trip
around the world ("Tramp Royale" recently published by Ace Books).  He had
to apply for a Passport and got a Certificate of Delayed Birth
Registration from Missouri since his county had not kept birth records
when he was born.
"I breathed a sigh of relief; at last I was me.  I had attended school
[Annapolis BTW], been commissioned in the armed services, held two civil
service jobs, married, voted run for office, drawn a pension and done all
manner of things as a flesh-and-blood being through more than four
decades, all without having had any legal existence whatsoever."
"Back when I was a lad, smoking was a virtue and sodomy a vice.  Who'd a
thunk it."

@_date: 2001-12-13 21:18:53
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Who Am I Anyway? 
Frissell's Believe it or Not:
WWII was won by soldiers, sailors, and marines who fought, died, flew bombers, commanded armies, commanded fleets, and possessed and used nuclear weapons without ever having provided the US government with any proof of their identity.
If Womyn and Victims of Color think that it is tough to make it in an advanced capitalist society, they should have tried doing it the way Dead White European Males had to do it -- building an advanced capitalist society out of ancient tyrannies from the ground up stone by stone.

@_date: 2001-12-13 23:03:26
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Duncans frizzleling. 
Don't have to.  My ancestors did all the heavy lifting.  Now all I have to
do is to continue their work.  Kill a few savages run a few roads through
the trackless wilderness.  That sort of thing.

@_date: 2001-12-18 18:44:18
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Reg - Linotype copyright action on Adobe-format fonts 
I thought everyone knew.  Fonts aren't copyrightable.  Font *names* are.
The reverse of the norm.  With a story or novel the body of text is
copyrightable, the title isn't.

@_date: 2002-01-23 19:11:01
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: [FP] Transcript: AAMVA's InterNational ID Press Conference 
Mexicans, Canadians, and the residents of some of the islands of Caribe
can enter the US without a passport.  Presumably many Mexicans don't have
one because of cost(?).  US banks are notorious for resisting opening
accounts for non residents even though there is nothing to prevent them
from doing so,  Provincial.
Not with Christian in the description.  Canada is officially irreligious
these days.  Note that the US and UK memorial services on 14 September
were held in Cathedrals and featured prayers and hymns.  The Canadian one
was not in a church and had no religious trappings.

@_date: 2002-01-22 18:34:49
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Canadian Flag Censorship 
They should post the Red Ensign -- the real Canadian flag instead of that
dumb Maple Leaf.
"What country had the world's third largest navy in 1946? -- Trivial
Pursuit question.

@_date: 2002-01-15 21:03:48
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Unites States, a Rogue terror state, violates Geneva 
I was of course speaking of statements written in the "Law of Nations"
programming language.  If you use a different programming language, the
code won't run.
Like most of our legal discussions here, morality is not at issue just
what opinions courts have expressed on various matters.
The US was, in fact, convicted of war crimes in '86 in a trial at the
International Court of Justice for air-sown mines in Nicaragua but nothing
came of it.
US treatment of those who formally declared war on it a half-dozen times
since 1996 and initiated hostilities is not likely to constitute that
entity's worst human rights violations.  Perhaps not a rights violation at
all in strict libertarian terms.
Libertarian penal theory has not been well developed.  Naturally we don't
favor sticking prisoners in utopian socialist colonies (prisons).  Slavery
to the victim or family is possible but difficult.  "The Market for
Liberty" suggested that crime would be so rare that shrinks would rent the
few prisoners as study subjects but I doubt that's very realistic.
There's always the payment of wergeld but the poor often can't pay.
Since torture or execution are not strictly prohibited by the
non-aggression axiom in the case of those who have agressed, there are
likely to be differences among libertarians on the treatment of prisoners.
Still an unresolved problem.
"Ideally, the death penalty should be administered on the spot at the
hands of the intended victim(s). (The UA 93 solution to the 11 September

@_date: 2002-01-15 19:57:30
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Deformed Consent 
"They told me they were there to search the house. I asked then if they
had a warrant," said Mr. Storer. They did not. An ATF agent instead
presented Mr. Storer with a consent form to sign allowing the ATF agents
and the Sheriff's deputies to search his trailer.
Mr. Storer, still in his pajamas and his hands on his head, surrounded by
armed officers, was given an option. He and his girlfriend, who was
wearing a t-shirt and little else, could wait outside in the cold until
the ATF could obtain a warrant on a Sunday morning, or he could just sign
the consent.
Kids, if this happens to you don't worry.  Consent obtained at gunpoint is
not considered voluntary even in our debased system.  Always safer not to
consent though.
Both the Magna Carta and the Declaration of Independence consider
immigration a natural right which governments should not violate.

@_date: 2002-01-08 03:02:15
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Spooky noises and things that go bump in the night 
In fact burglary is generally treated as a more serious crime than mere theft (the taking and asportation of the personal property of another) because it involves invasion of the home (at Common Law).  Though legislatures have expanded burglary to include businesses and even cars at Common Law it was "the breaking and entering of the dwelling house of another with intent to commit a felony therein."  It is serious because one may be vulnerable (asleep) at home and anyone criminal enough to break into your home is probably capable of doing very bad things.  It's quite a major breach of the duty of peace that we owe others (who haven't done anything to us).
DCF

@_date: 2002-01-14 19:49:53
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention 
In addition, in order to be covered by the parts of the Geneva Convention
dealing with POWs, you have to be soldiering for a signatory state.
Afghanistan signed the Covention a few decades ago but I don't know if the
Taliban would be covered.
The reverse of this BTW is that civilians defending their homes against
"unlawful combatants" are in the best position.  They aren't bound by the
Geneva Convention either and can use "expanding rifle ammo" (dum-dums) and
other goodies.  If civilians are defending against irregulars (say Al
Quida troops on the streets of New York) they don't have to accept
surrender offers and can be pretty much as nasty as they want.
War was invented to restore to men in agrigultural societies the
legitimate excuse to get away from home that hunting had provided in
hunter-gatherer societies.

@_date: 2002-01-14 20:00:46
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: registering Cypherpunks movement ... 
Also not news.
Most of the states have had variations on Criminal Anarchy statutes for
years.  They claim to regulate or punish Anarchy.  They are mostly dead
letter law after various decisions by the Supremes.
Like Bill O'Reilly vs. NAMBLA such statutes are based on the (currently)
mistaken belief that it is illegal (in the US) to advocate illegal
"A Beautiful Mind" -- Economists are suddenly sexy.

@_date: 2002-01-14 22:28:20
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: True Names reviewed on /. 
It's not so much books qua books but the habits of mind that book reading
inculcates.  Most of the necessary information is up on the Universal
Library these days but many have a hard time reading or writing long form
"material".  The discipline of paper books is a useful one to employ.
Better even than free weights.
Perhaps those in the best postion are those in our birth cohort who are
old enough to have learned to read but young enough to have computed.
Who learned to read just after the invention of the Top-40 radio format
and just before TV reached 90% penetration of US households (i.e. before
it was too late).

@_date: 2002-01-16 18:41:45
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Agitprop. 
NBL.  The international organizations will merely relocate their
meetings to more defensible locations.  The Canadian Rockies will be a
little harder to storm during the next Gang of Seven meeting.  Davos
relocated to NYC where the 40K cops are used to imposing frozen zones and
indulging in anti terror policing.  Some may also choose to meet in US
sunbelt cities whose auto-friendly streets are not protest friendly.  Open
prospects easy to defend.  Politicos and police departments not friendly
to socialists from out of town.  And with an armed citizenry (concealed
carry laws) and the death penalty.
Even the Euro-wimps are starting to crack down on foreign terrorist cells
operating on their soil.  May make it harder for mass demo organizing.
World War IV - The War on Terrorism - has already been and will continue
to be hard on a movement that uses demos (as opposed to entity building)
as its main strategic and tactical technique.
"Kill a Commie for Christ"
  -- Courtesy of the National Commission for the Preservation of Ancient
Right Wing Slogans

@_date: 2002-01-22 19:24:48
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: [FP] Transcript: AAMVA's InterNational ID Press Conference 
That's funny, I only use my DL when I rent a car, am stopped by the police
while driving (once every two years or so), or when I renew my license
every 4 years.  I don't cash checks.  And I use other ID documents when I
If someone chooses to use their DL for all this extra stuff, that's their
"Since starting businesses and schools is not controlled in America,
employment ID and scool ID is not controlled in America."

@_date: 2002-01-31 17:55:47
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: FBI Raid Silences Teen Anarchist's Site 
Yeah, I know.  But...
"with the intent that the teaching, demonstration, or information be used
for, or in furtherance of, an activity that constitutes a Federal crime of
violence; or
knowing that such person intends to use the teaching, demonstration, or
information for, or in furtherance of, an activity that constitutes a
Federal crime of violence"
Tough mens rea.  Note that they didn't make an arrest.
Anyway, Eissler, Manuel. THE MODERN HIGH EXPLOSIVES. NITO-GLYCERINE AND
DYNAMITE:THEIR MANUFACTURE THEIR USE, AND THEIR APPLICATION TO MINING AND
MILITARY ENGINEERING. N.Y.: John Wiley & Sons, 1886 2nd edition. 395pp.,
illustrated is probably a better info source.

@_date: 2002-02-28 03:58:06
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: 20 Questions to Ask National ID Supporters 
20 Questions to Ask National ID Supporters
by Duncan Frissell
"1. Under your system, can one's ID fail online verification for any reasons other than authentication failure...
8. The Supreme Court has repeatedly ruled that anonymity and refusal to identify oneself to the police are constitutionally protected actions. Do you favor a constitutional amendment to reverse these court decisions?
17. Do you favor requiring address registration (the requirement that all residents to register their address with police or local government)...
20. Does your system envision any controls on false IDs intentionally issued by foreign (or US) governments for intelligence or witness protection purposes?"
Susan Sarandon (as Sally):  "You're so smart.  I can't remember my Social Security Number.  I bet you can remember your Social Security Number."
Burt Lancaster (as Lou):  "I don't have a Social Security Number."
   --Atlantic City (1980)

@_date: 2002-02-27 12:38:21
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Dell Computers Screening Customers for "Combat" 
" It seems someone in Dell had already canceled my order, when I asked why I was told Dell was afraid I was going to use the machine for illegal purposes. When I asked why someone would think that I was told it was because of the name of my business Weigand Combat Handguns Inc."
"I was informed by a Dell supervisor not long after all of this the reason I was refused was because of their post September 11th policy of screening

@_date: 2002-02-26 15:06:59
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Cheney: "Atrocity of 9/11 to save tech sector" 
It's faster to find such transcripts than it is to ask for them:

@_date: 2002-02-13 03:57:12
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Trends in criminal acts against civil aviation 1992-2000 
The last bomb that detonated on a US domestic or US originating flight was
in 1962 (unless flight 800 was a bomb).
I think the last (domestic) highjacking (before 11 September) was in the
An interesting note is that a bomb or a highjacking are not considered
accidents so the September 11th deaths are not counted against US airline
safety records and in spite of the AA crash in NYC on November 12th, last
year was officially one of the safest years in the history of US
commercial aviation.

@_date: 2002-02-05 14:59:52
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: 'Raise the Fist' Owner Busted in NYC 
BABY 'BOMB' BUST
By BRAD HUNTER and LARRY CELONA of the New York Post
February 5, 2002 -- A would-be teen terrorist, wanted by the FBI for
allegedly posting a how-to-blow-things-up Web site, was nabbed during
World Economic Forum demonstrations, cops said yesterday.
Sherman Austin, 18, of tony Sherman Oaks, Calif., was arrested Saturday
for disorderly conduct during a demonstration at 59th Street and Fifth
They soon discovered that Austin was suspected by the feds of posting
explosives information on the Internet. When investigators raided his
apartment Jan 24, they said they discovered a treasure-trove of
mischief-making tools.
In addition to computers, they found literature advocating revolution,
gas canisters, iced-tea bottles filled with flammable material, gas
masks and an anarchist flag.
Austin's car contained fertilizer, cans of brake fluid and two gas
canisters. He runs an anarchist Web site that provides a litany of
methods that can be used for urban thuggery - including making
He has been turned over to the feds.
Meanwhile, the final day of demonstrations wrapped up in front of Arthur
Andersen's 1365 Sixth Ave. offices with nary a whimper.
About 150 protesters slammed the corporate gluttony of Enron and its
embattled auditor Andersen, but refrained from confronting a wall of
The march was watched closely by about 150 cops, and there were no
Chanting, "Andersen cooks Enron's books," the anti-globalization
protesters included an array of aging hippies, college students and
union members.
"We believe we have a right to be here," said "Starhawk," who said she
lives in San Francisco. "Our resolve is strengthened despite police
Organizers said that many of the protesters who had traveled to the Big
Apple to protest the World Economic Forum at the Waldorf-Astoria have
now gone home.
Starhawk said the Sept. 11 terror attack on New York was a key factor in
lowering the tempo of the demonstrations.  She said the New York
organizers wanted any action to be peaceful.

@_date: 2002-03-30 02:25:45
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: DOJ press release: Visa offshore records to be turned over 
I guess it must be almost April 15th.  As sure as the crocuses bloom in the spring, press releases blossom in the Department of the Treasury.   "Al Capone, Lou Costello, Willie Nelson  caught by heroic Agents of the Infernal Robbery Service.  You may be next."
If I were one of those 2 million offshore card holders I'd really be sweating it.  Why I might end up being like one of the 632 Americans prosecuted in 2000 for tax evasion.  2 million offshore card holders (plus another 8-10 million non-filers and 8-10 million filing evaders who *don't* have offshore credit cards) being taken down at the rate of 632/year.  It won't be long before they're all in 3.16 convictions per 100,000 evaders in 2000 vs a murder rate of  6-9 per "The IRS's use of levies has continued a long-term slide. Liens, while going up somewhat last year, remain extremely low compared with past years. IRS seizures have for all practical purposes been abandoned. Tax delinquent investigations aimed at both individuals and businesses were down last year. (See graph and table.)
The law authorizes the IRS to bring civil suits in federal court against recalcitrant taxpayers. In 1992, according to data recorded by United States Attorneys, the agency filed 2,519 such actions. In 1999, it filed 641. (See graph and table.)
An even more serious sanction involves allegations of criminal tax violations. According to federal court data, federal tax prosecutionsmost of them by the IRSrecently have dropped by more than half1,550 in 1987 (at its peak), 632 in 2000. (See graph and table.) "
[1] And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel.
[3} ... but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord's servants? why then doth my lord require this thing? why will he be a cause of trespass to [7] And God was displeased with this thing; therefore he smote Israel. 1 Chronicles 21.

@_date: 2002-03-27 22:30:02
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Is Illegal Immigration Illegal? 
I'm trying to figure out the answer to what should be a simple
question.  Is it illegal to be Illegal.
I've wandered through various US Code sections:
TITLE 18 > PART I > CHAPTER 75 > Sec. 1546.
Sec. 1546. - Fraud and misuse of visas, permits, and other documents
TITLE 8 > CHAPTER 12 > SUBCHAPTER II > Part V > Sec. 1253. Sec. 1253. - Penalties related to removal TITLE 8 > CHAPTER 12 > SUBCHAPTER II > Part VIII > Sec. 1325.
Sec. 1325. - Improper entry by alien
TITLE 8 > CHAPTER 12 > SUBCHAPTER II > Part VIII > Sec. 1324d.
Sec. 1324d. - Civil penalties for failure to depart
and it looks like there are the normal criminal penalties for forgery
and uttering a false document and a minor misdemeanor charge for
sneaking accross the border but merely a fine for overstaying a visa. If you fail to leave after you are ordered to do so you may be
imprisoned but the language is the language of "civil" penalties rather
than "crimes."
Is this correct?
I know that Illegals are usually just subject to deportation and that
this is a civil matter.  (Which is why all the detainees arrested after
September 11th don't have the right to a free lawyer since they are not
charged with any crimes.)
As far as any of you know, are there any "pure crimes" involved in
immigration other than those outlined above?
If not, this should be pointed out in arguments on the topic.

@_date: 2002-03-22 03:26:18
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Eudora filter file for Cypherpunks 
Sample filers.pce file for Eudora.  Filter file transfers all incoming cypherpunks mail to a mailbox called cypherpunks and then transfers certain posters posts to trash:
rule +Any Header;cypherpunks
transfer cypherpunks.mbx
header +Any Header;
verb contains
value cypherpunks
conjunction ignore
verb contains
rule From:profrv
transfer Trash.mbx
header From:
verb contains
value profrv
conjunction or
header From:
verb contains
value ravage
rule From:jei
transfer Trash.mbx
header From:
verb contains
value jei
conjunction or
header From:
verb contains
value ravage
rule From:jchoate
transfer Trash.mbx
header From:
verb contains
value jchoate
conjunction ignore
verb contains

@_date: 2002-03-14 22:57:14
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: 3rd & 4th Quarter 2001 Taxpats Lists Up 
Late and messy,the Service has finally published its Taxpatriates lists for the last half of 2001.
I've updated my Official Taxpatriates Page:
and, as always, a .csv database is available at:
Not too much news generated by these lists.  A casual perusal doesn't turn up any names that are famous (to me).
The lists are messier than usual in that they are not sorted in any discernable order and contain fragmentary entries like: "Julienne".
Perhaps the Service should hire me to so their list.
Either because of increased patriotism or because the Feds had something better to do, the 4th Quarter featured only 21 renunciations -- the lowest number since the list was first issued in 1996.
Here are the actual numbers from all the lists:
"Western Civilization didn't invent tyranny, slavery, racism, or the oppression of women. What it did do is eliminate those evils (to the extent they have been eliminated). The rest of the world should be damn grateful and if they're not we should return them to the ancient tyrannies from which we so recently rescued them. Would serve them right."

@_date: 2002-03-01 21:51:21
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Recruiting Agents 
All purpose response to recruitment or general national defense arguments:
I think that it's important to defend myself, my family, and my community.  In fact, I think it's so important that I'm not comfortable delegating it to a collective monopoly.
None of us can be sure exactly what will be needed to defend us from our Public and private authorities thought for years that the crew and passengers of highjacked planes should submit meekly to their highjackers.  This turned out to be a bad mistake.
Maybe the Feds know best, maybe someone else knows best, maybe I know best.  Neither the Feds, nor someone else, nor I can be sure what's the best way to defend our community in a complex strategic and tactical It is possible, for example, that the best way to defend our community is for all of us to carry weapons at all times and kill any terrorists we happen to encounter.  Or maybe not.  Small-group personal attack, was the method used by the passengers of UA93 to stop its use as a weapon of war.  In any case, many different approaches are possible.
I think that it's important that we try all sorts of different tactics to defend our community.  Time will tell which are best.
So the government will deploy its strategy and tactics and the rest of us will deploy ours.
I call it Open Source Community Defense (OSCD).
Back in April of '75, my 5th great-grandfather Captain William Frizzell defended his community against an Evil Empire by grabbing his rifle and marching from Woodstock, Massachusetts (now Connecticut) to Cambridge to protect its magazine from British gun and powder grabbers.

@_date: 2002-03-01 15:02:42
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Choate, Matt, and Seth --  Agents of the Vatican! 
Now we have the proof:
  PONTIFICAL COUNCIL FOR SOCIAL COMMUNICATIONS
                 ETHICS IN INTERNET
"The ideology of radical libertarianism is both mistaken and harmful not
least, to legitimate free expression in the service of truth. The error
lies in exalting freedom to such an extent that it becomes an absolute,
which would then be the source of values....In this way the inescapable
claims of truth disappear, yielding their place to a criterion of
sincerity, authenticity and being at peace with oneself'.  There is no
room for authentic community, the common good, and solidarity in this way
of thinking."
Boy, I'm glad I'm an Anglican these days.

@_date: 2002-03-06 01:25:30
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Film a fed building, get deported 
> While he was outside the building Dec. 6, he said,
 > his filming was stopped by security guards and he
 > was interviewed by Santa Ana > police, who wrote
 > down his driver's license. On Dec. 11, FBI agents
 > were at his doorstep.
 >
 > Within three weeks, Vasquez was sent to an
 > immigration detention center in Lancaster for one
 > month, then released on bond.
Classic example of why not to have your DL point to your actual residence.
Completely unjustified risk.
[1] And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel.
[3} ... but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord's servants? why then doth my lord require this thing? why will he be a cause of trespass to [7] And God was displeased with this thing; therefore he smote Israel. 1 Chronicles 21.

@_date: 2002-03-08 19:40:08
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Teen Anarchist Back Online Despite FBI & Big ISPs 
So I guess there are no pro government or military groups permitted on
Yahoo Groups since such groups 'incite vilence'.
Is Yahoo under the impression that it is never OK the 'incite violence'?

@_date: 2002-04-12 18:06:16
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Among the Bourgeoisophobes 
Not to mention continent-wide free trade zone since 1790-1803 or so.
Lower taxes.
Relaxed regulatory environment.
Free(er) media and art industry.

@_date: 2002-04-10 00:38:04
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: pre-paid/pay-as-you go cell phone service (Re: all about 
I bought my Nokia a year ago for 29.99 on BT Cellnet from Carphone Warehouse.  I had it delivered to my hotel.  Last Christmas I was in Ireland and bought a SIM (subscriber identity module) for about 15 Punts just before the Euro arrived.
The services were in a Pay As You Go price war during 2000 and 2001 so some phone got under 20 quid.  They  stopped doing this towards the end of last year and concentrated on subscription services.
The phones are still fairly reasonable.  Cards to feed the phones can be bought for cash at any news agent.  You just punch the appropriate menu item on the phone and key in the number to add money.  10 to 50 denominations with low denominations predominating.
Here's the current Carphone Warehouse catalog for Pay As You Go sorted by You can get a SIM for 9.99 and a phone (with SIM) for 39.99 and up (mostly up).
Verizon offers a Pay As You Go phone (FREEUP) in the US for $99.  Unfortunately, US prepay plans don't use SIMs (save for a few geographically limited prepay services).  SIMs are advantageous because they allow you to easily change numbers without changing phones.  Note that some GSM phones are now tracking handsets as well as SIMs so this privacy aspect may be disappearing in Europe.
"It doesn't matter what your race, creed, or color is; you can still be a son of a bitch."  -- Duncan Philip Frissell 1899-1965

@_date: 2002-04-09 16:56:43
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: ID & Citizenship Believe it or Nots 
Identification & Citizenship Believe it or Nots
by Duncan Frissell
Last September's attack on the United States vastly increased debate on identification, citizenship, and immigration.  For your education and amusement, here are some truly strange facts about these topics.
2)  World War II was won by US Army Generals and Navy Admirals who commanded armies, air forces, and fleets and possessed and used all manner of weapons up to and including nuclear bombs -- all without ever having proved their identities to the US government.
8)  One is not required to apply for a Social Security Number.
18) The machine-readable lines on your passport (at the bottom of the page that has your picture on it) include space for a National ID number.
21) It is not a crime to be an illegal alien in the US.  It is a civil matter.  It is a crime to use fraudulent documents to gain entry.  It is a minor offense to evade inspection when crossing the border.  But if you overstay your visa, it is not a crime.  You can, of course, be arrested and deported but the mere status of being illegally present in the US does not constitute a crime.
If you worry that Multinational Corporations or National Governments control your life, simply employ a random number generator to determine what actions you take. By this simple technological fix, you will guarantee that no one (including yourself) is Master of Your Fate and Captain of Your

@_date: 2002-04-12 13:50:22
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: One for declan Mc CATOhead,pass it on dec! 
But I thought:  "No opinion a law -- no opinion a crime." ---Alexander
Smoke 'em if you've got 'em.

@_date: 2002-04-16 14:33:02
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Supremes Legalize Virtual Kiddieporn 
According to WABC at 10:30, the Supremem Court overturned the ban on
virtual or morphed kiddie porn.

@_date: 2002-04-23 14:40:19
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Choate a Spammer or a Victim? 
Has anyone noticed genuine spam wrapped in Choatian wrappers?
Perhaps someone who's good at header analysis can comment.
This is the header of a mailing list sales pitch I retrieved from my trash file (where Choate and MattX go.
I also got some porno spam.
Innovation thy name is spam.
Received: by mail1.panix.com (mbox frissell)
(with Cubic Circle's cucipop (v1.31 1998/05/13) Tue Apr 23 10:26:19 2002)
X-From_: owner-cypherpunks Sat Apr 20 17:33:35 2002
Return-Path: Received: from slack.lne.com (dns.lne.com [209.157.136.81])
by mail2.panix.com (Postfix) with ESMTP id AD5DF9029
for ; Sat, 20 Apr 2002 17:33:33 -0400 (EDT)
Received: (from majordom
by slack.lne.com (8.11.0/8.11.0) id g3KKwsS17398
for cypherpunks-goingout; Sat, 20 Apr 2002 13:58:54 -0700
X-Authentication-Warning: slack.lne.com: majordom set sender to owner-cypherpunks using -f
X-Mailsort: cypherpunks
open-science-general cypherpunks
References: <3CA6098D.43D18093
X-mailer: Pegasus Mail for Windows (v4.01)

@_date: 2002-05-14 17:56:05
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Eyes on the Prize...not the Millicent Ghetto 
Or my favorite 1000 swiss franc notes currently worth about $618 each.

@_date: 2002-07-23 10:51:44
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Are the Feds Wimps or What? 
Maybe it was the 14 years they'd been seeing me.
I actually didn't show it that much even during the early part of the war.
I often went to the back of the building and entered using the electronic

@_date: 2002-07-19 18:14:08
@_author: "Duncan Frissell" 
@_subject: Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
Enron followed Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in accounting for the activities of its Special Purpose Entities (SPEs) and concealed its true financial status.
Worldcom didn't follow (GAAP) in accounting for expenses and concealed its true financial status.
Federal and state governments and their Special Purpose Entities (like Social Security) have never followed (GAAP) and regularly conceal their true financial status.
If private execs should do time for their lies and concealment so should our political leaders for their much more significant lies and concealment.
Posted by Duncan Frissell to The Technoptimist at 7/8/2002 9:44:15 AM
Powered by Blogger Pro

@_date: 2002-07-19 18:12:25
@_author: "Duncan Frissell" 
@_subject: AIR TRAVELER ID REQUIREMENT CHALLENGED 
Gilmore v. Ashcroft -- FAA ID Challenge
AIR TRAVELER ID REQUIREMENT CHALLENGED
Secret rule demanding 'Your Papers Please' claimed unconstitutional
San Francisco - Civil libertarian John Gilmore today challenged as unconstitutional a secret federal rule that requires domestic US travelers to identify themselves.
Smooth move. Attempt to board a flight to DC on July 4th "to petition the government for redress of grievances". Even if not successful, it will be annoying and will be worthwhile if it manages to crack out copies of the secret security directives (like FAA SD 96-05)establishing the system.
Keep in mind that until the end of the first Clinton administration, it was perfectly legal to fly domestically without ID.
Posted by Duncan Frissell to The Technoptimist at 7/18/2002 11:12:20 AM
Powered by Blogger Pro

@_date: 2002-07-10 15:07:09
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Highjacker's Banking Problems 
Sept. 11 Hijackers Said to Fake Data on Bank Accounts
Sayeth the New York Times:
      July 10, 2002
      Sept. 11 Hijackers Said to Fake Data on Bank Accounts
      By JAMES RISEN
      WASHINGTON, July 9  The Sept. 11 hijackers were able to open
      35 American bank accounts without having legitimate Social
      Security numbers and opened some of the accounts with
      fabricated Social Security numbers that were never checked or
      questioned by bank officials, a senior F.B.I. official said
      today.
      ...
      With no scrutiny from the financial institutions or
      government regulators, the hijackers were able to move
      hundreds of thousands of dollars from the Middle East into
      the United States through a maze of bank accounts beginning
      more than a year before their attacks.
      A spokesman for SunTrust, which is based in Atlanta, said the
      bank had been cooperating with the F.B.I.'s investigation.
      The spokesman said it was possible for foreigners without
      Social Security numbers to open bank accounts in this
      country, but he could not provide details of what forms of
      identification the hijackers used to open the SunTrust
      accounts.
      ...
      One of the first signs of a large infusion of cash coming
      into the United States for use by the hijackers appears in
      bank records dating from 2000, when $100,000 was deposited in
      bank accounts controlled by some of the leading hijackers,
      including Mr. Atta and Marwan al-Shehhi, Mr. Lormel said.
      ...
Note that it is as legal as church on a Sunday for non-residents to open
financial accounts in the US or Switzerland or the UK etc. Many US banks
don't accommodate foreigners but that is because of sloth not law.
Certainly online brokers (who are quasi banks) do market to foreigners.
One reason that SS numbers were not verified is that the SSA has
traditionally refused to verify for privacy reasons and the alternative
method involves doing a credit check which takes time and money. And in
the case of non-interest-paying current accounts there are no tax issues.
Banks located in the "red states" are not as bureaucratic as banks in the
"blue states" and have been much slower to adopt the controls popular on
the coasts. This is changing of course but there are still many social
differences which make account transactions easier in the free states.
But let's assume for a moment that Homeland Security shuts the banks down
and requires verified DNA samples and licenses from 10 separate agencies
to open a financial account in the US. So the middle class Egyptians and
Saudis with no criminal records who attacked us are faced with the
ultimate challenge of getting the $500K they needed into the US.
By dint of heroic effort, the future highjackers manage to open bank
accounts in Egypt and Saudi Arabia. They receive ATM, debit, or credit
cards to draw on those accounts. Perhaps they encourage their French or
British co-conspirators to open accounts in those countries. They arrive
in the US and withdraw the $500 to $1000 per day maximum (per account)
from ATM machines. Assume they have only managed to open 5 accounts.
That's $2500 to $5000/day. Or 100 to 200 days to withdraw $500K. Not much
of a trick particularly since they are not limited to 5 accounts and can
get cash advances at any bank with any credit cards they have.
But then Homeland Security outlaws ATMs and credit cards (or at least the
international connections of same). This is tantamount to imposing
exchange controls which the US has never done. So the attackers have to
fall back on Krugerrands. At $333 a pop, they have to get 1500 KRs into
the country. Since bullion coins are not considered currency, they aren't
covered by financial instrument import reporting laws. But you can just
mail them one or two at a time. Most of them will get through. No big
The truth is that it's a bit tricky to block the movement of small
amounts of money like this.
Posted by Duncan Frissell to The Technoptimist at 7/10/2002 10:30:45 AM
Powered by Blogger Pro

@_date: 2002-07-03 01:46:15
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
Eric's comment are correct.
A bit more info.  The US wanted to devalue the $ and substitute a general
gold standard for a government to government gold standard.  The gold
standard price of gold was $20.67/ounce.  By forcing Americans to turn in
their gold before devaluation, the Feds got more gold for less money.
They also wanted the freedom to inflate.  Gold clauses were common in
contracts and they would have made soft money difficult.
As is traditional under US law, gold ownership was banned for US citizens
and permanent residents anywhere on earth.  There were controlled
exemptions for coin collectors, jewelers, and dentists.
Gold smuggling became popular during the Vietnam war and the monetary
crises of the '60s and '70s.
It was re-legalized in January of 1975 (the only decent act of the Ford

@_date: 2002-07-22 15:15:15
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Are the Feds Wimps or What? 
So far the massive crackdown by the Feds that has stripped me of my civil
liberties hasn't managed to do much. They have to work a bit harder.
I'm back to not showing ID to get into work just like before the war.
The states where I choose not to obtain a drivers license have upped
their ID requirements for initial license applications but I already have
one and don't patronize them in any case. They still let foreigners drive
with foreign licenses so I will become a foreigner if they get too
Flight delays only slightly worse than usual (particularly since I mostly
fly internationally and have always shown my passport). Domestic flight
ID fascism is 6 years old this August so no change there.
As far as we know, only a little more than 1000 detained out of a pop of
270 megs. I was expecting that we would at least make WWII levels --
200,000+ out of a population of 132 megs. I guess there could be a few
more internees but they'd be tough to hide. Too many others would note
their absence.
I thinks the Feds are just to wimpy to indulge in actual oppression these
days. At least on a wholesale basis.
Maybe I'm wrong but I need more evidence first.
Posted by Duncan Frissell to The Technoptimist at 7/20/2002 9:06:27 PM
Powered by Blogger Pro

@_date: 2002-07-28 13:37:18
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: How to Defeat DVD Zone Controls 
From Ditherati:
YOU CAN'T FIRE ME, I SUBMIT
"I care more about this than getting myself fired, but the fact is that getting myself fired today would have hurt Hewlett-Packard's Linux program."
Open-source guru Bruce Perens, on his courageous decision to keep drawing a paycheck instead of teaching conference- goers how to hack a DVD player, Wired News, 26 July 2002
Insteard of going to a conference, you could go to your favorite Hypermarche in Belgium or France and buy a multi zone DVD player.  Course then you can't use your NSTC tv set to connect it to but that's another

@_date: 2002-07-29 18:25:37
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Hollywood Hackers 
Congressman Wants to Let Entertainment Industry Get Into Your Computer
      Rep. Howard L. Berman, D-Calif., formally proposed
      legislation that would give the industry unprecedented new
      authority to secretly hack into consumers' computers or knock
      them off-line entirely if they are caught downloading
      copyrighted material.
I've been reading things like this for a while but I wonder how practical
such an attack would be. They won't be able to hack into computers with
reasonable firewalls and while they might try DOS attacks, upstream
connectivity suppliers might object. Under current P2P software they may
be able to do a little hacking but the opposition will rewrite the
software to block. DOS attacks and phony file uploads can be defeated
with digital signatures and reputation systems (including third party
certification). Another problem -- Napster had 55 million customers.
That's a lot of people to attack. I don't think Hollywood has the troops.

@_date: 2002-07-30 02:44:06
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Pizza with a credit card 
Buying Trouble
In which the Village Voice discusses the use of commercial databases including supermarket discount cards in hunting terrorists.
One useful piece of advice:
Don't but pizza with a credit card:
Oddly enough, "one of the factors was if you were a person who frequently ordered pizza and paid with a credit card," Ponemon says, describing the buying habits of a nation of college students. "Sometimes data leads to an empirical inference when you add it to other variables. Whether this one is relevant or completely spurious remains to be seen, but those kinds of weird things happen with data."
Course all those terrorists buying their pizzas with cash get away clean.
Posted by Duncan Frissell to The Technoptimist at 7/29/2002 10:19:30 AM

@_date: 2002-08-20 15:36:43
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Selling Privacy for ETC 
A Faraday Cage for your EZPass:
EZPass is an Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) system used in the
Northeast. A small white box is attached to your windshield and is
queried by radios in passing toll booths. Your account is debited for the
toll. Your account lists all the booths passed and when so it can be very
useful for law enforcement and civil attorneys (including domestic
relations lawyers). EZPass has already been featured on an episode of Law
and Order. In addition since the system is protected by weak or no
encryption, attackers with radios could extract some information by
querying your EZPass. Perhaps duplicating it to steal tolls from you.
The EZShield is a little box with a drawer to hold your EZPass. According
to the photo, it doesn't increase the EZPass form factor by much. What
you are supposed to do in open the drawer to expose your EZPass only when
you want to use it and keep it enclosed when you don't.
The interesting thing is that EZShield's sellers believe that there is
enough interest in a technological privacy fix that they are willing to
advertise it on mass media. I heard it just before the Rush Limbaugh show
on WABC in NYC.
Posted by Duncan Frissell to The Technoptimist at 8/19/2002 1:52:02 PM
Powered by Blogger Pro

@_date: 2002-09-25 20:19:22
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Raise the Fist Webmaster pleads guilty 
RTF Webmaster Pleads Guilty
      RTF Webmaster to be Convicted on Monday, Sept 23rd
      Raisethefist.com, Sherman Austin will be convicted on Monday,
      Sept 23rd as he pleads guilty to felony count: 18 U.S.C. 842
      (p)(2)(A): DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION RELATING TO
      EXPLOSIVES, DESTRUCTIVE DEVICES, AND WEAPONS OF MASS
      DESTRUCTION WITH THE INTENT THAT SUCH INFORMATION BE USED IN
      FURTHERANCE OF A FEDERAL CRIME OF VIOLENCE.
      The plea bargain gives Austin a felony conviction with 1
      month in jail, 5 months in a half-way home and 3 years
      supervised release. Austin does not start his sentencing on
      Monday, but will find out the exact date at his court
      appearance.
      The arraignment is at the downtown federal building in Los
      Angeles on 255 east temple on the 3rd floor at 8:30am
Another one of those unfortunate chicken defendants we seem to get. He
would have got a max of 4-5 at trial. So now he has a felony conviction
anyway plus endless parole supervision which gives the Feds way too much
control over you. And he gives up a chance to challenge the "Publish Bomb
Plans" go to jail law.
If you go to trial and lose and do your time you are then free of
supervision. Plus you never admitted any crime. A plea is an admission.
When you are in custody, your cooperation is the only thing you can deny
your captors.
See some of the actual links:
Posted by Duncan Frissell to The Technoptimist at 9/25/2002 1:54:34 PM
Powered by Blogger Pro

@_date: 2002-09-05 19:30:04
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: The SSA in Peace and War 
From Syracuse's invaluable Transactional Records Clearing House site:
      The SSA in Peace and War
      The federal agency with the most international terrorism
      referrals in April was a surprisethe Social Security
      Administration. It recommended 78 individuals be indicted for
      such crimes, compared with only 39 referrals during the month
      from the FBI. The Department of Transportation was third with
      23 new referrals, followed by the INS and Customs. The FBI
      was the source of most referrals for domestic terrorism. See
      table.
We warned you that the Social Security Administration would become an
instrument of totalitarian control back in 1935 when it was created. But
you didn't listen
Posted by Duncan Frissell to The Technoptimist at 9/5/2002 2:52:44 PM
Powered by Blogger Pro

@_date: 2003-01-10 02:42:08
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: bin Laden, Hanssen, Inslaw Promis, Oh My! 
Though the article would be better if it had named the former NJ Governor Thomas H. Kean instead of "David H. Kean."
DCF

@_date: 2003-01-10 02:42:08
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: bin Laden, Hanssen, Inslaw Promis, Oh My! 
Though the article would be better if it had named the former NJ Governor Thomas H. Kean instead of "David H. Kean."
DCF

@_date: 2003-02-04 21:44:54
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: The Statism Meme 
I love the frequent use of facial recognition systems on TV as well.
With, of course, no mention of the fact that they don't work.

@_date: 2003-02-04 21:42:45
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: RE: The Statism Meme 
You mean no one said, "I'd grab the .30-06 and head for the hills"?
We're not quite there yet.  Since no one did it during WWII when the
oppression was greater -- 200,000 internees, rationing, travel controls,
bans on posession of radio equipment, conscription, etc. -- we have some
time to think.

@_date: 2003-06-25 20:42:42
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Torture done correctly is a terminal process 
There's always "The Ballad of the King's Mercy" by Kipling:

@_date: 2003-08-18 00:28:42
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Bookies in Exile 
Today's NYT Magazine:
August 17, 2003
Bookies in Exile
By WILLIAM BERLIND
Costa Rica is highly prized by the world's backpackers and sightseers for its unspoiled natural beauty, but it's easy to forget that when arriving in its grimy capital, San Jose. The newly remodeled airport is surrounded by chain hotels, freshly paved roads and shiny corporate plazas. After that it goes rapidly downhill. A dusty highway heading vaguely toward downtown takes you through the poorer suburbs of San Jose, packed with families in corrugated-tin-roof shacks. Above them, on the sides of the surrounding hills, Costa Rica's elite live behind high, fortified walls. The entire valley is blanketed with smog from auto fumes, brush fires and burned trash.
This Costa Rica doesn't make for much of a postcard, but to a small group of men, Americans mostly, it is alluring, enchanting and brimming with possibilities for adventure. The men are bookmakers taking bets and dispensing winnings over the Internet, and Costa Rica has exactly what they need -- a government that welcomes new investment in almost whatever form it takes, a well-developed business environment that makes it possible get phone lines hooked up and computer equipment serviced and a sizable English-speaking population capable of manning the phones and helping customers place their bets. Legal prostitution, as well as a plethora of strip clubs, seedy casinos and bars festooned with Budweiser signs, round out the atmosphere.
Betting operations are now among San Jose's most lucrative and visible enterprises, and their success has transformed the city. One prominent suburban landmark is an office building occupied by an outfit called BETonSPORTS.com. Throughout its nine floors, 1,500 Costa Ricans are employed (in mostly clerical positions) and offered amenities like on-site day care and classes to improve their English.
Most of the bookmaking companies, though, are a good deal smaller and harder to see, tucked away in strip malls and shadowy side streets. The American proprietors are generally in their 30's and 40's, and for them, the Internet provides not only the means to escape the reach of American law, but also a chance to turn what had been the equivalent back home of small, local shops -- sustained by personalized attention and all the headaches that involves -- into booming, virtual superstores that can rake in action from all over the world. The experiences of these men in Costa Rica, as well as of those elsewhere in Central America and the Caribbean, started out as thrilling adventures in what seemed to them like Las Vegas in the 1950's. But as betting operations multiplied, the offshore business has become hotly competitive and complicated. Worse, in recent years lawmakers and ambitious prosecutors back in the States have been mounting ever more serious legal challenges. Returning home to a normal life now means facing the possibility of going to prison. And so, many of the bookmakers who started out so optimistically are finding themselves locked into an isolated way of life that with each passing day seems a worse bet.
....

@_date: 2003-08-06 00:31:12
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Year in Jail for Web Links 
You can't protect people from cowardice.  Jim Bell plead the first time.
Michael Milkin plead.  Bill Gates plead.  Various Arabs plead recently.
If you plead you can't be acquitted unless you can convince a judge to let
you withdraw your plea tough.  Courage.
Prosecutors and cops are allowed to lie to you about their intent.  Know
the law.

@_date: 2003-08-18 00:28:42
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Bookies in Exile 
Today's NYT Magazine:
August 17, 2003
Bookies in Exile
By WILLIAM BERLIND
Costa Rica is highly prized by the world's backpackers and sightseers for its unspoiled natural beauty, but it's easy to forget that when arriving in its grimy capital, San Jose. The newly remodeled airport is surrounded by chain hotels, freshly paved roads and shiny corporate plazas. After that it goes rapidly downhill. A dusty highway heading vaguely toward downtown takes you through the poorer suburbs of San Jose, packed with families in corrugated-tin-roof shacks. Above them, on the sides of the surrounding hills, Costa Rica's elite live behind high, fortified walls. The entire valley is blanketed with smog from auto fumes, brush fires and burned trash.
This Costa Rica doesn't make for much of a postcard, but to a small group of men, Americans mostly, it is alluring, enchanting and brimming with possibilities for adventure. The men are bookmakers taking bets and dispensing winnings over the Internet, and Costa Rica has exactly what they need -- a government that welcomes new investment in almost whatever form it takes, a well-developed business environment that makes it possible get phone lines hooked up and computer equipment serviced and a sizable English-speaking population capable of manning the phones and helping customers place their bets. Legal prostitution, as well as a plethora of strip clubs, seedy casinos and bars festooned with Budweiser signs, round out the atmosphere.
Betting operations are now among San Jose's most lucrative and visible enterprises, and their success has transformed the city. One prominent suburban landmark is an office building occupied by an outfit called BETonSPORTS.com. Throughout its nine floors, 1,500 Costa Ricans are employed (in mostly clerical positions) and offered amenities like on-site day care and classes to improve their English.
Most of the bookmaking companies, though, are a good deal smaller and harder to see, tucked away in strip malls and shadowy side streets. The American proprietors are generally in their 30's and 40's, and for them, the Internet provides not only the means to escape the reach of American law, but also a chance to turn what had been the equivalent back home of small, local shops -- sustained by personalized attention and all the headaches that involves -- into booming, virtual superstores that can rake in action from all over the world. The experiences of these men in Costa Rica, as well as of those elsewhere in Central America and the Caribbean, started out as thrilling adventures in what seemed to them like Las Vegas in the 1950's. But as betting operations multiplied, the offshore business has become hotly competitive and complicated. Worse, in recent years lawmakers and ambitious prosecutors back in the States have been mounting ever more serious legal challenges. Returning home to a normal life now means facing the possibility of going to prison. And so, many of the bookmakers who started out so optimistically are finding themselves locked into an isolated way of life that with each passing day seems a worse bet.
....

@_date: 2003-08-21 16:54:05
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: National Emergency? 
Nothing much new.  The answer is "forever".
Executive Orders and National Emergencies:
How Presidents Have Come to "Run the
Country" by Usurping Legislative Power

@_date: 2003-09-22 18:15:06
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
Maybe the tiger "shot" first.
I'm sure that the opposition shares that view already.  And I may agree.
Unfortunately if true, then that means that "the enemy peoples" are also
all combatants and the US would be justified (as in a naval battle with no
civilians) of ending the whole thing in 30 minutes by applying some
advanced physics to enemy landscapes.  Rough on the oil market though.

@_date: 2003-11-06 11:55:40
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: [declan@well.com: [Politech] FBI visits John Young, asks 
It's a little late for Special Agent Todd Renner to avoid publicity:
"Todd Renner -- an FBI special agent assigned to the Joint Terrorist Task Force in New York"

@_date: 2003-12-09 18:57:00
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Got.net and its narcing out of its customers 
I gather that the denizens of alt.video.dvd have yet to read the Betamax
case.  Perhaps they should expand their reading before they opine on the
state of IP law.
This is one of several times that the readers of Tim's posts have reported
him to the authorities.  I recall the Santa Cruz sherrif's office call of
the early '90s occaisioned by a simple admission that Tim legally posessed
weapons at home.
I'm constantly amazed by the things that people think are illegal that
Reporting people to the authorities is such an impolite thing to do.  In a
less enlightened era it would have led to an unfortunate breach of the
peace.  If you have a problem with someone's behavior speak to him nicely,
first.  And make damned sure that he's doing something wrong before you
Remember -- "Since Sodomy is a Virtue, can anything be a Vice?"

@_date: 2003-12-09 18:57:00
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Re: Got.net and its narcing out of its customers 
I gather that the denizens of alt.video.dvd have yet to read the Betamax
case.  Perhaps they should expand their reading before they opine on the
state of IP law.
This is one of several times that the readers of Tim's posts have reported
him to the authorities.  I recall the Santa Cruz sherrif's office call of
the early '90s occaisioned by a simple admission that Tim legally posessed
weapons at home.
I'm constantly amazed by the things that people think are illegal that
Reporting people to the authorities is such an impolite thing to do.  In a
less enlightened era it would have led to an unfortunate breach of the
peace.  If you have a problem with someone's behavior speak to him nicely,
first.  And make damned sure that he's doing something wrong before you
Remember -- "Since Sodomy is a Virtue, can anything be a Vice?"

@_date: 2009-08-20 19:12:42
@_author: "Duncan Frissell" 
@_subject: Re: US Indicts Shamwich Swiss Banker and Lawyer 
Note that the defendants are not said to be in custody.  I take it then
that they are not.
