
@_date: 2001-09-25 17:42:46
@_author: Frog2 
@_subject: No Regrets About Shamelessly Exploiting National Tragedy For My Own PerQ 
Hash: SHA1
Phil Zimmermann did not ask me to post this.  He would not like it
freely disseminated, so feel free to post it wherever you wish.
l a i n
No Regrets About Shamelessly Exploiting National Tragedy For My Own
Personal Gain.
This Friday September 21st Washington Post carried an article by
Ariana Cha that I feel misrepresents my views on the role I
personally had in the September 11th terrorists attacks.  She
interviewed me on Monday September 17th, and we talked about how I
felt about the possibility that the event might be a perfect
opportunity for me to get some free press and get back some of the
attention I lost since I was effectively kicked out of Network
Associates and had to move to that cheesy webmail provider.  The
article states that as the inventor of PGP, I was "overwhelmed with
feelings of guilt".  I never implied that in the interview unless it
seemed like it would increase my chances of getting in print, and I
specifically went out of my way to try to pull other heart strings
too just to assure that it would all see the light of day and put my
name in lights again.  I even made her repeat all this back so she
would not get it wrong in the article.  After all I am The Phil
Zimmermann so I should have editorial control over these kinds of
things, don't you think?  This misrepresentation is serious.  I
expect the press to pull only those heart strings that will get me
sympathy and allow me to grandstand publicly atop the bodies of the
dead and dying in New York and elsewhere without attracting criticism
of a substantial nature.  The article implies that under the duress
of terrorism I have changed my principles on the importance of my own
vanity and ego and that I have pandered to the anti-crypto crowd in
my endless quest to rediscover my former glory.  You see, civil
liberties and cryptography used to be a good platform for my
self-promotion but with the acquisition of PGP and the closing of the
source code I am now relegated to the unenviable stature of a
"has-been" and a "one trick pony".  You can probably understand why I
jumped at the chance to indulge in a little self-promotion when those
tall boxy things collapsed in New York this month.
Because I am The Phil Zimmermann and my views are so important, Ms.
Cha read to me most of the article by phone before she went about
ignoring the express instructions of my PR agent not to print
anything about me crying more than once or twice.  It didn't seem
very manly, they said.  I miss Kelly Blough.  She used to keep me out
of trouble when I stuck my foot in my mouth in public.  The article
that appeared in the Post was significantly shorter than the
original.  I had so much important stuff to say that I cannot believe
they took out my discussions on foreign affairs, international
monetary policy, the national debt and Kevin Bacon's chances to
capture a senate seat in an off year.  I can only speculate that her
editors must have decided their paper was not a forum for my own
self-aggrandizement and taken some inappropriate liberties in
removing all the work I put into composing my public image for that
article.  What the hell?
In the interview six days after the attack, just after my PR rep
called me and said that I might get in the paper if I played my cards
right and this could be a huge boost for my career, we talked about
the fact that I had cried over the heartbreaking tragedy, as everyone
else did.  In fact the tears were not because of guilt, but a highly
concentrated formula of lemon juice that I applied to my eyelids
before going out in public.  When that stopped working I hit my thumb
with a hammer for good measure.  Let me tell you, nothing gets me
teary eyed like a good thumb-whacking.  I also told her about some
hate mail I received that blamed me for developing a technology that
could be used by terrorists.  I didn't tell her that this email came
from my PR rep.  I told her I felt bad about the possibility of
terrorists using PGP, but that I also felt that this was outweighed
by the fact that I now had a personal stake in the tragedy with which
to bootstrap my flagging ego and public image in a national
publication.  I also weaved some bullshit about human rights and
crap, the kind of stuff I used to believe when I actually coded stuff
rather than just babbling on about it like I mostly do now.  Ah, I
was so young and stupid.  It appears that this nuance was not lost on
the Washington Post since they made me look like the little sissy I
always feared people saw me as.  I imagine this was caused by my PR
staff being stretched to their limits in an effort to keep me out of
trouble and from saying the wrong thing at the wrong time to the
wrong people.  God, why do I always do that?
In these emotional times, we in the crypto community find ourselves
sidelined and ignored because our technology is so universal that no
one thinks we are anything novel anymore.  I do not want to give
ammunition to these efforts by allowing the controversial sides of
cryptography to be forgotten.  I think the article correctly showed
that I over-did things a bit with that crying in the shower quote,
but that was my Publicist's idea.  "Sex sells, Phil, baby", they said
"use it".  Did I re-examine my career path and my PR efforts in the
wake of this tragedy?  Of course I did.  But the outcome of this
re-examination was the same as it was during the years when people
actually thought I was actually doing something, namely that someone
better use cryptography in perpetrating a serious crime soon or the
debate might fade and with it my glory days and meal ticket.  Thank
god for Osama!  My career is back.  I will have to do something about
that PR firm and this article business, but in the meantime read my
lips:  I have no regrets about shamelessly invoking the name of the
dead for my own personal gain and some smartassed reporter who
refuses to be a platform for my personal promotion is just going to
get run over by the new Zimmermann propaganda engine.  I'm back baby.
 I'm back.  I'm looking out for number one.  Phil.  Phil is number
one.  I'm going to buy my self some new clothes, a manicure, a
facial, get back in shape, get a makeover, all of it.  Phil is
hitting the town.  I feel like Churchill when the Nazi's started to
finally make some damn noise.  Resurrected baby.
The question of whether strong cryptography should be restricted by
the government was debated all through the golden years for Phil
Zimmermann, the 1990's.  This debate had the participation of the
White House, the NSA, the FBI, the courts, the Congress, the computer
industry, civilian academia, and the press.  Of course at the center
of it all was me, Phil Zimmermann.  This debate made me and PGP, both
of which would have remained obscure and generally unheard of by
anyone but geeks otherwise.  This debate fully took into account the
question of terrorists using strong crypto, and in fact, we tried to
make that that one of the core issues of the debate.  Unfortunately,
no one used crypto in a major crime or act of terrorism so the debate
fizzled out and with it went my invitations to parties, hearings,
lectures and my talk circuit fees.  Export controls were lifted and
no domestic controls were imposed.  I was pretty much out of a job.
I should never have let PGP stay freeware.  Can you imagine what I
would be worth now?  Look at Jim Bidzos!  That was a terrible mistake
that will not only hurt my wallet, but also increase my vulnerability
to smartassed reporters like that Cha chick.
PGP users should rest assured that I still will not acquiesce to any
back doors in PGP.  Of course since I have almost nothing to do with
the development of the most widespread versions of PGP anymore no one
really needs my permission to monkey with the code, do they?  Still,
I'm going to keep saying that because it makes me sound like a
general figure of menace in the community.
It is noteworthy that I had only received a single piece of hate mail
on this subject, from my PR rep, and it was only really a sample of
what would be nice for me to get so as to be able to comment on it
for the article they had arranged an interview for.  It is also
noteworthy that this one piece of mail really generated a lot of
publicity for me once it was printed in that Cha chick's article.
Pretty soon I was dealing with so many press interviews that I did
not have time to even send the check to my PR people to composed a
carefully worded reply, which would of course have been published or
leaked out quickly.  Phil is busy again baby!  Now I receive hundreds
of supportive emails, flooding in at two or three per minute!  Of
course, some people saw through my thinly veiled PR effort, but I'm
not counting those emails.  This latest spin should put all that
stuff to rest.
Thanks to my PR group I have always enjoyed good relations with the
press over the past decade, well not counting the fact that I haven't
been IN the press much lately, but boy, some things are going to
change with those people and let me assure all my fans that I'm
cutting off the Post until they start to tow the line.
 -Philip "Press Whore" Zimmermann
 25 September 2001

@_date: 2001-09-12 23:30:36
@_author: Frog2 
@_subject: Basking in the Glow of Terror 
(Some commentary on various silliness to hit the list in the wake of the terrorists attacks on the 11th).
Assertion:  "If only all airline passengers could be armed this never would have happened."
This is bunk.
All it takes is an AD to kill 300+ people on a airplane at 35,000 feet.  I've been to several concealed permit classes.  Based on the people I have encountered passing those courses, I think I'll pass on that idea.  However, the Sky Marshall program was canceled long ago and the events of September 11th make me wonder why.  I suspect that would have been far more effective, and far less dangerous, than permitting all airline passengers to carry loaded firearms aboard commercial airline flights.  Americans are simply not responsible enough to carry firearms on Commercial flights.  Hell, I don't think any Swiss or Germans are either now that I consider it.  That's just folly and I am somewhat surprised to hear usually sage list members make this case and even blame anti-gun legislators of note for the incident.  Even if 90% of people are totally responsible that puts 30 irresponsible people on a full flight.  If 10% of those people carry, (3 people or 1% of the total) that's too much.  More than that, it's crazy.  Any discharge in a plane is a big deal.  Sky Marshalls used special low penetration low velocity ammo and are otherwise trained to minimize collateral damage if they discharge firearms in an aircraft.  That's far too much to expect from most American gun owners.  Face fact.
Assertion: "This wasn't the product of a expensive, long term coordinated effort."  "This attack could have been pulled off by a small group of perhaps 15 people for almost no money."  "It could have been a tiny cadre of eight or twelve people with no more money than to buy some plane tickets.  There is no reason a group could not organize such a project with a week's notice once you know airport security is going to let you pass with pocket knifes and cardboard box cutters."  "We will find these terrorists were mostly lucky, not skilled."
It almost certain that there were 8 direct field operatives and 12 indirect field operatives involved in the attack (at least two for each plane: one to fly and one to hold the passengers at bay) plus support personnel.  It's possible that only 4 of these were prepared to die (and that the non-pilot hijacker didn't know that the hijacking would end up as a suicide attack).  Given that CNN is reporting a fragment rumor that the passengers might have overheard the terrorist's conversation which included a discussion of the Capital as a target it sounds like both terrorists (assuming they didn't also have a sleeper or two among the passangers just watching, which is a typical hijacking strategy) on that flight were prepared to die.  The chances of finding 8 (or even 4) multi-engine licensed (or at least competent) Muslim (as seems to be the case) or other religious zealots willing to commit suicide for a cause- and maintaining that intention for many many months (more on this below)- is probably _vanishingly_ small.  These people must have a better than even chance of living in the United States for a long period and blending in for a long period.  Such persons would have to be _created_, rather than found and recruited.
In fact, it seems that this is the case since the FBI has (as of this writing) taken the records of individuals who attended months of flight school in Florida (At "Flight Safety International").  That's about $20,000 in flight training over the course of several months.  Two of the current suspects already had single engine licenses and were paying $1400.00 a month since June 10th, 2000 for rent in Florida.  $20,000 in lease payments per house for two houses over 15 months.  Apparently initial multi-engine training was followed up with jet training elsewhere- more costs there, perhaps another $20,000 for that pair.  That means you have to house these people and their families (since apparently families were present) under a reliable and passable cover in the United States during that period.  You have to feed them, give them whatever other supplies required to get them to blend in.  This is small town Florida.  People there are nosey and spend a lot of time in their neighbor's busines.  They watch each other's houses.  They have nothing better to do.  Therefore you have to provide for their security, their camouflage.  They have to blend in well.  Appear to be middle class.  Harmless.  Have a dog.  Furniture.  Kids in school.  They have to be able to withstand any check from a moving vehicle violation, pass flight certification, medical checks, insurance payments, credit checks by banks, realtors, credit card companies, avoid any kind of altercation that might attract police scrutiny and have some kind of plausible visa in the United States.  That's not cheap.  Not at all.  I've outlined at least $100,000 (which is majorly conservative I believe- most field operatives cost more in terms of support) in just the one pair who appears to have hijacked one of the Boston flights.  No one who hasn't run a field operation should be commenting on how much one costs with any guise of authority.  Period.
Consider the planning required:
These flights were hijacked within 30-50 minutes of each other.  Cross country- but not international- flights were selected and therefore gave the terrorists the best mix of full fuel tanks, large plane size and lowest security scrutiny.  The plane type had a major impact on the type of flight skills required and hence means that equipment would have been considered as a factor- and these equipment selections would have to be researched over time for a given flight.  This was true of all four flights.  That's not an accident.  Just the process of flight selection, which doubtlessly required research into everything from on-
time departure history to flight time to flight path to air traffic control procedure, is a complex one.  It's no accident that flights for "American" and "United" were selected- both for political reasons (what carriers aside from perhaps "US Air" could be more a symbol of America?) and for scheduling and equipment selection.  None of the four hijacked pilots started squawking 7600 on transponders- which is generally triggered with a panic switch- indicating that the terrorists probably had specific knowledge of where this switch was in the given aircraft type and prevented the pilot from triggering it.  Weather at the target sites is a major factor- fog, rain or even heavy smog could easily have foiled the attack.  That had to be factored in timing.  Weather anywhere on the Easy coast or Midwest even the West might have impact flight path, or flight cancellation.  One wonders if some of the weather delays last month and last week might not have altered the timing of the attack- these kinds of operations rarely go off without a hitch on the first try.  This theory is supported by the fact that two of the suspects extended their lease for two extra weeks right before the hijackings.  Since four attacks were coordiated on the same day there must have been some provision for last minute cancellation, to prevent one cell or another from launching solo.  Photo intelligence had to have been collected.  It seems also clear that the targets were scheduled to coincide with rush-hour or just post rush-hour impacts for maximum effect.  The coordination of "arrival" times of the planes was amazingly accomplished.  It seems clear that primary and secondary targets were selected- in the case of the Pentagon attack it seems that the Pentagon was a secondary target.  Still impressive because the Pentagon is Class B airspace- as restricted as it gets.  Two planes were sent after each macro target.  "Two is one and one is none."  The World Trade Center was doubtlessly selected partially because it didn't come down after the first attack, and perhaps partially because of the particular construction of the WTC that might make it more vulnerable to the attack.  Anyone who knows anything about flying multiengine planes will recognize that at least the second strike on the WTC was an impressive bit of flying.  It was not an unskilled, inexperienced pilot who accomplished that.
There is little doubt that "trial runs" were done, that the terrorists took the targeted flights as normal passengers themselves before actually executing the operation.  Almost all the flights were taken within 20-40 minutes of takeoff.  Clearly, this was planned based on the patterns of operation of the flights.
The result: 100% of the executed hijacking attempts were successful- any aborts were done so far without detection which is equally remarkable either because there were no aborted attempts or the aborts were done so stealthily.
75% of the planes hit a primary or secondary target.  This was not luck.  Period.  Too much went too perfectly in four entirely separate field operations.  That is a remarkable.  Very remarkable.  Anyone who has actually conducted any type of hostile territory field operation will realize that it was meticulous skill and the result of substantial planning- not luck.  Period.
"Air Force One was a target."
These terrorists were far too sophisticated to really believe they could hit Air Force One.  It may have been a target of opportunity but I tend to doubt this.  Too much research went into that attack to try and hit a entirely unpredictable and very highly mobile target with the level of protection that Air Force One enjoys.  These terrorists were NOT stupid.  Predicting the flight path and schedule of the plane without radar or other real-time intelligence is effectively impossible.  Soft, stationary targets were picked and target selection was reconsidered in real-time at least in the case of the Pentagon strike.  That's not accident.  That's careful planning.
Assertion:  "The overt sophistication of this attack was such that I have a hard time believing the perps would leave so many obvious clues behind without intending to."
These are suicide attacks.  Why do they care what clues they leave?
I have no doubt that the neophytes and the wanna-be's who have seen the movie "Air Force One" or read "Debt of Honor" 6 times, perhaps even some politicos with agendas, will continue to muddy the water with dense speculation cast as fact.  Try to think for yourself, people.  Don't get caught in funeral hype.

@_date: 2001-10-24 21:53:24
@_author: Frog2 
@_subject: Re: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_MATT_DRUDGE_//_DRUDGE_REPORT_2001=AE?= 
[What's with the Subject line?
Not a plausible claim, to anyone who recalls the situation at the
top of the WTC on those days.  The incredible heat and smoke from
an entire jetliner full of fuel a hundred feet below would make
helicopter operations impossible.  Trying to land on the roof under
those circumstances would be suicide.  Helicopters circled, but they
could not approach.
