
@_date: 2001-12-02 21:46:58
@_author: Kevin Fu 
@_subject: 2002 USENIX Security Symposium - Call for papers 
Symposium's in San Francisco in August.  Papers due January 28 for review.
In case your mailer doesn't like the way Eudora munges headers while it was originally sent by 	Kevin Fu 2002 USENIX Security Symposium - Call for papers
Tutorials:              August 5-6, 2002
Technical Sessions:     August 7-9, 2002
The USENIX Security Symposium brings together researchers,
practitioners, system administrators, system programmers, and others
interested in the latest advances in security of computer systems.
If you are working on any practical aspects of security or
applications of cryptography, the program committee would like to
encourage you to submit a paper. Submissions are due on January 28th, 2002.
This symposium will last for four and a half days. Two days of
tutorials will be followed by two and a half days of technical
sessions including refereed papers, invited talks, works-in-progress,
and panel discussions.
IMPORTANT DATES
Conference registration information and program will be available in May
2002 on the symposium Web site at   If you would like to receive the program booklet in print, please
email your request, including your postal address, to:
Paper submission deadline:  January 28th, 2002
Notification to authors:    March 25th, 2002
Camera ready due:           May 13th, 2002
SYMPOSIUM ORGANIZERS
Program Chair
  Dan Boneh, Stanford University
Program Committee
  Steve Bellovin, AT&T Labs - Research
  Matt Blaze, AT&T Labs - Research
  Drew Dean, SRI International
  Kevin Fu, M.I.T.
  Brian LaMacchia, Microsoft Corporation
  Patrick Lincoln, SRI International
  Vern Paxson, ICSI
  Radia Perlman, Sun Microsystems Laboratories
  Mike Reiter, Bell Labs, Lucent
  Avi Rubin, AT&T Labs - Research
  Adam Stubblefield, Rice University
  Leendert van Doorn, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center
  Wietse Venema, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center
  Dan Wallach, Rice University
  Bennet Yee, University of California, San Diego
  Elizabeth Zwicky, Counterpane Internet Security
SYMPOSIUM TOPICS
Refereed paper submissions are being solicited in all areas relating
to systems and network security, including but not limited to:
Adaptive security and system management
Analysis of malicious code
Analysis of network and security protocols
Applications of cryptographic techniques
Attacks against networks and machines
Automated tools for source code analysis
Authentication and authorization of users, systems, and applications
Denial-of-service attacks
File and filesystem security
Firewall technologies
Intrusion detection
Privacy preserving systems
Public key infrastructure
Rights management and copyright protection
Security in heterogeneous environments
Security of agents and mobile code
Security of Internet voting systems
Techniques for developing secure systems
World Wide Web security
Since Usenix Security is primarily a systems security conference,
papers focusing on cryptographic primitives or electronic commerce
models, are encouraged to seek alternative conferences.
REFEREED PAPERS
Wednesday - Friday, August 7-9
Papers that have been formally reviewed and accepted will be presented
during the symposium and published in the symposium proceedings. The
proceedings will be distributed to attendees and, following the
conference, will be available online to USENIX members and for
Best Paper Awards
Awards will be given at the conference for the best paper and for the
best paper that is primarily the work of a student.
TUTORIALS, INVITED TALKS, PANEL DISCUSSIONS, WIPS, AND BOFS
In addition to the refereed papers and the keynote presentation, the
technical program will include tutorials, invited talks, panel
discussions, a Work-in-Progress session (WIPs), and Birds-of-a-Feather
Sessions. You are invited to make suggestions regarding topics or
speakers for any of these formats to the program chair via email to
Tutorials (August 5-6)
Tutorials for both technical staff and managers will provide
immediately useful, practical information on topics such as local and
network security precautions, what cryptography can and cannot do,
security mechanisms and policies, firewalls and monitoring systems.
If you are interested in proposing a tutorial, or suggesting a topic,
contact the USENIX Tutorial Coordinator, Dan Klein, by email to
Invited Talks (August 7-9)
There will be several outstanding invited talks at the symposium in
parallel with the refereed papers. Please submit topic suggestions and
talk proposals via email to sec02it
Panel Discussions (August 7-9)
The technical sessions will also feature some panel
discussions. Please send topic suggestions and proposals to
Work-in-Progress Session (WIPs) (August 9)
The last session of the symposium will be a Works-in-Progress
session. This session will consist of short presentations about
work-in-progress, new results, or timely topics. Speakers should
submit a one- or two-paragraph abstract to sec02wips by
6:00 pm on Wednesday, August 7, 2002. Please include your name,
affiliation, and the title of your talk. The accepted abstracts will
appear on the symposium Web site after the symposium. The time
available will be distributed among the presenters with a minimum of 5
minutes and a maximum of 10 minutes. The time limit will be strictly
enforced. A schedule of presentations will be posted at the
symposium. Experience has shown that most submissions are usually
Birds-of-a-Feather Sessions (BoFs) (August 6-8)
There will be Birds-of-a-Feather sessions (BoFs) on Tuesday, Wednesday
and Thursday evenings. Birds-of-a-Feather sessions are informal
gatherings of persons interested in a particular topic. BoFs often
feature a presentation or a demonstration followed by discussion,
announcements, and the sharing of strategies.  BoFs can be scheduled
on-site, but if you wish to pre-schedule a BoF, please email the
conference office, conference They will need to know the
title of the BoF with a brief description, the name, title and company
and email address of the facilitator, your preference of date, and
whether an overhead projector and screen is desired.
HOW AND WHERE TO SUBMIT REFEREED PAPERS
Papers should represent novel scientific contributions in computer
security with direct relevance to the engineering of secure systems
and networks. Both the work described in the paper and the paper
itself must be substantially complete at the time of the submission.
Full papers are encouraged, and should be about 8 to 14 typeset pages
using an 11pt font or larger. Submissions must be received by January
28th, 2002.
Papers will only be accepted electronically, via the symposium Web
site, and must be in PDF format (e.g. processed by Adobe's Acrobat
Distiller). Note that LaTeX users can use the "dvipdf" command to
convert a DVI file into PDF format.  Please make sure your submission
can be opened using Adobe Acrobat 4.0.
For more details on the submission process, authors are encouraged to
consult the detailed author guidelines available at
All submissions will be judged on originality, contribution to the field,
and correctness. Each accepted submission may be assigned a member of the
program committee to act as its shepherd through the preparation of
the final paper. The assigned member will act as a conduit for
feedback from the committee to the authors. Authors will be notified
of acceptance by March 25th, 2002. Camera-ready final paper due date is
May 13th, 2002.
The USENIX Security Symposium, like most conferences and journals,
requires that papers not be submitted simultaneously to another
conference or publication and that submitted papers not be previously
or subsequently published elsewhere. When appropriate, authors should
arrange for a release for publication from their employer prior to
submission.  Papers accompanied by non-disclosure agreement forms are
not acceptable and will be returned to the author(s) unread. Submissions
will be read by the program committee and other selected members of the
technical community for the purposes of technical review, but otherwise
will be held in confidentiality.
Specific questions about submissions may be sent via e-mail to
