
@_date: 2004-11-09 09:58:12
@_author: Olen Warren 
@_subject: RE: Upgrade your qualification. 
You've heard it all before!No Degree, No JOB! You don't Qualify? What's your Degree in? Where did you go to school? With a Degree we could offer you a higher salary. Now you can finally have the Degree you deserve based on your life experience.
Click here for a Prestigious non-accredited degreeNo one is turned down.Read here for more info.
We also provide Degree verification and official trancripts in writing when requested by employers and others authorized by YOU. This official College & University transcripts meet the highest academic standards printed on premium diploma paper, bearing the official gold raised SEAL of the awarding University or College.
Our Credit For Work Experience and Accreditation Process, Fast Track Diploma Program will evaluate and quantify your past education and work experience for any diploma or degree of your choice. Thus, you do not have to repeat or take basic courses in areas that you have already been mastered. Credit for work experience allows students to upgrade their qualifications that relate to advancing their professional career without going back to school.   Go here to Submit your Online Evaluation.
Awards can also be granted for the purpose of honoring those who exemplify the ideals of Higher Education through their significant achievements and contributions to business and society in their respective geographic area. For a Doctorate or Masters of  Business Administration, a previous university education MAY NOT BE REQUIRED for persons with extensive experience in any field related to civil service, business administration, management, finance, healthcare, military, etc.
Go here to Submit your Online Evaluation.
Act today. No one is turned down. Your Confidentiality is assured.The more degrees you have the better your chances and prospects in life. That is the way life is. It is a competitive world. Don't delay to contact us Enrol Today
I prefer not to receive these emails
