
@_date: 2002-07-10 04:06:34
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks@lne.com 
We're starting to beat on dead horse. Yes, the IRS will tax you anywhere
you go, or at least want to. At least past the first $70-80k/year you
make outside the US.

@_date: 2002-07-01 22:32:03
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: maximize best case, worst case, or average case? (TCPA 
Actually, this is not a question for the individual person, rather a
rhetorical question. Did anyone know how much television would change
the radio industry? In fact, for the first several years after its
inception, TV was a money losing business. The question of *how* doesn't
need to be answered now (this is a proverbial "now" which actually means
ever or "for a long time to come.") In fact, we have these problems now
and they don't seem to retard the economy in any way, rare anythings
pose this problem everyday. In fact, relative values pose this "problem"
everyday. Ever hear  "One man's trash is another man's treasure"?
Well, since markets are made up of individual people going about their
business to create the market as a whole, I don't see any problems with
this whatsoever. Joe Musician knows that this is the way music works. In
the olden days, people copied music from one another by word of mouth
over and over, songs were "stolen" by musicians and played for other
audiences. The musical business wasn't the joke that it is today. Back
then, it was accepted that music is sound and sound, well, can be
repeated, if not by a recording on a cassette or cd, then by voice. It
isn't a market problem that some people don't get their way. Nor is it a
good idea to have the government dictate who gets what in a free and
willing exchange scenario. Joe Musician does not have to play his music
or "give it" to anyone (imagine the hoopla when someone records a live
show) he does so willingly and of his own free will. Are we to accept
that because he doesn't feel he gets enough for his music that we should
bank the cost of having it mandated that we pay Joe? If he doesn't get
enough for his music, he is free to NOT release it, DON'T publish the
damn thing and stop bitching. I mock those who present reports showing
that the market didn't correspond to previously created models. Markets
aren't wrong folks, the models are.
Markets are people, people don't handle public goods well. Perhaps
because people as a whole see the inpracticality of restricting access
to goods that are, well, public. Maybe there is a lesson to be learned
there somewhere.
This is interesting. Just about every system in the world has free
riders. This country has "free riders" that are tax-evaders, car
thieves, you name it the standard, society has someone who doesn't abide
by it. That does not in any way make a system "broken." That the system
has flaws is to be expected, unless he who designed the system doesn't
recognize basic human mistakes. Systems with free riders are not
necessarily broken systems, nor are systems without free riders
necessarily working ones.
There is no "content industry" in the tradional market sense. Such an
industry is a fiction created by government exerting control far and
beyond the original intent of government itself. It is proposterous that
because a small group of people cannot get what they want by free
association, they manage to get what they want by manipulating the law
to their benefit. Don't get me wrong, there is a market for content and
music, as long as someone puts a subjective value to a song, there will
be a content market, likewise for weapons and anything the government
deems itself fit to regulate and control, but by and far, that isn't the
"real market" for it does not constitute free association. The alternative to DRM for whom? The folks who don't like the way things
are now (read: don't make as much money as they feel they should?)
Musicians out there don't have to "release" (the term itself should give
a clue to those who wish to perform the act on what its implications
are) their music. The true alternative to DRM is for people to "wake up
and smell the coffee." I will gladly make a bet on the fact that
government control on any market is not a good thing for the whole of
society. DRM, in a government mandated form will do nothing but remove
freedoms, however basic they may be. If you understand economics, you
will see that the loss of choice is in fact THE outcome that must be
avoided at all costs, not just if at all possible.

@_date: 2002-07-04 03:23:50
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Markets (was Re: Hayek was right. Twice.) 
Property does not always consist of physical goods. Case in point would
be the encrypted bits. To use some of your examples, the polical process
involves votes, which are the property of the person casting the
ballots, likewise, at least in this country, ballots are cast
voluntarily. "Gift economics." Who coined that phrase? Don't take credit
for it, it is a stupid term. Time and effort are both considered
"property" to be used as deemed fit by the person possessing, in this
case, the skills to use them on an Open Source (the volunteer kind,
since you can't seem to grasp that there are Open Source projects that
make money.) You're too ignorant to be replied to, I wish I hadn't wasted the time,
but I digress. I can't think many things more modular than movies,
except perhaps theatre, but movies have even more latitude. Actors can't
be switched? Sets can't be constructed out of "nothing" on a computer
screen? Movies can't be made with virtually no budget? Get a clue.
As someone who actually helps people with unix problems and who is a
unix user, I want to let you know that you fall into the "stupid user"
category if you can't get a linux distro to install on your computer.
Linux is a new breed of project, if you want it and it really matters to
you, the argument goes that you would either do it, (if you're capable,
but you clearly aren't) or you pay someone else to do it. (this falls
into the heading of "put your money where your mouth is.") Throw in the
fact that "usefulness" is an entirely relative term, and you have a
really poor argument. Well, here you show your ignorance of economics again. ( on this one
point, don't feel too bad, though you are ignorant, you're in a league
that is very well populated ) First off, not everyone is motivated by
financial gain. "profit" is not necessarily a financial thing, when
someone stops and helps you out when you have a flat, the odds are that
they are not expecting you to pay them for their help. When someone
helps you install linux on your computer, they aren't likely to expect
financial remuneration, specially if you go to one of the great many
Linux User Groups throughout this country and many others. Often the
economic argument made is that people do what is in their best interest.
The problem that arises is when people who aren't very bright (hint,
hint) assume that that means financial reward of some kind. People are
complex creatures, to presume that financial gain is the only motivation
for people is a tad naive.
Well, libertarians usually, though not always, go along with free
markets, which is not what you're advocating. Usually, any economic
theory that assumes that anything could have no value to anyone is
wrong. Basic relativity (in the subjective sense) states otherwise.
Bilateral trade is the only kind of exchange in a free market
enviroment. As long as the exchange is made freely and willingly
(government regulation produces a bias, always.) it is always bilateral.

@_date: 2002-07-10 02:32:55
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen. 
Two point. I did not know that about Mexico (I did say it was made about
the countries I knew about.) Switzerland and Brasil both allow student
visa holders to work, albeit with restrictions. Likewise for other EU
I would imagine that people with or without a work permit would be able
to find work at some mexican restaurants. That is the case the world
over, I don't see why Mexico would be different here.
I wholeheartedly agree with you, but then again, not too many countries
have an economy that has as large a population of illegal workers as
It may well be nonsense. But my opinions are expressed as based on my
personal experience in other countries and this one.

@_date: 2002-07-10 02:27:22
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen 
For a specific time period, this is absolutely true. Hard to believe,
sure, real anyway? Yes. But there is an income cap somewhere, it may
vary, but I suspect it to be like the $80k you get tax exempt.

@_date: 2002-07-10 02:26:04
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen 
Yes it is. If you are a US citizen your income can be taxed anywhere in
the world. However, there is a trick here, there is a certain ammount (I
believe it to be around $80k) up to which you're exempt from taxation.
As far as I know, all money made in the US (investments or otherwise)
are taxable as US income. Where the "owner" of the money resides is
This question has multiple parts. First off, you can't have a green card
and not be a US resident. The requirements for both go hand in hand, if
you stay out of the US long enough to not be taxed, you're also out of
the US long enough to lose your green card. Likewise, if you get US
citizenship, you're subject to being taxed anywhere in the world. (see
the paragraph above)

@_date: 2002-07-09 22:40:46
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen. 
I should have been clearer. I was speaking for his specific case, but as
it was pointed out, it applies to people who don't come here to work.
Nor do they have Social Security numbers, or worker's rights, but that's
another issue.
The US is one of the few countries that I know of (or about) that do not
allow people ona  student permit to work.
Well, going back to his specific case. His options are slim. He already
holds a green card, that makes him a US citizen as far as tax laws are
concerned. (note that you cannot legally keep a green card and not meet
the tax residency requirements)
This applies wether he is a US citizen or not, green card holder or not,
Sealand citizen or not. Once the IRS sinkstheir claws into you, you're
screwed. Even if you give up your green card, you are still subject to
them for awhile. (A friend in Switzerland had a great deal of fun after
giving up his green card and still being contacted by the IRS)
More so now than ever, I do have a tendency to agree with you. But, as
someone whose passport is not the pretty blue book that yours is, I
disagree. "Protection" is a relative term, show up in Russia and you're
kinda screwed one way or another, but show up in Genneva, Switzerland
and get stopped by the police, (or any other first world country) and
start speaking something other than English (or the local language) and
you will have a hard time. Specially in Europe, they have massive
profiling of foreigners and even if US Citizens may get a hard time just
fr being American, by far and alot, that blue passport will most
certainly get you out of a jam or keep you from being thrust into it.
Like it or not, the US passport is well respected throughout the world
("respect" also being very relative.) I have had a few occasions where I
would have been very screwed as a Brazillian, but got off well because
people thought I was American. It matters, even if the .gov won't come
to your rescue lance ablaze sitting on a white horse.

@_date: 2002-07-09 20:19:19
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen. 
Well, think positive because you're already screwed. If you have a
greencard, you're tax implications are the same (or have been for me
thus far) as a US citizen. if you have a green card, you can either give
it up (for the loss of legal tax juridsdiction of the IRS over you) or
get a US citizenship since you're already in their jurisdiction anyway.

@_date: 2002-08-17 06:47:23
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Carnival Booth: An Algorithm for Defeating the CAPS System 
To improve the efficiency of airport security screening, the FAA
deployed the Computer Assisted Passenger Screening system (CAPS) in
1999. CAPS attempts to identify potential terrorists through the use of
profiles so that security personnel can focus the bulk of their
attention on high-risk individuals. In this paper, we show that since
CAPS uses profiles to select passengers for increased scrutiny, it is
actually less secure than systems that employ random searches. In
particular, we present an algorithm called Carnival Booth that
demonstrates how a terrorist cell can defeat the CAPS system. Using a
combination of statistical analysis and computer simulation, we evaluate
the efficacy of Carnival Booth and illustrate that CAPS is an
ineffective security measure. Based on these findings, we argue that
CAPS should not be legally permissible since it does not satisfy
court-interpreted exemptions to the Fourth Amendment. Finally, based
both on our analysis of CAPS and historical case studies, we provide
policy recommendations on how to improve air security.

@_date: 2002-08-15 21:10:24
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: status of various projects? 
I forwarded this to Roger Dingledine who heads up the FreeHaven project.
His answer is below.

@_date: 2002-08-13 18:23:50
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: [aleph1@securityfocus.com: Implementation of Chosen-Ciphertext 
Figured this might be of interest to folks here...

@_date: 2004-01-31 19:18:08
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunkly concerns over virii 
I doubt it. The virus notice messages we get are generally bounces sent
to random addresses with cypherpunks forged as the return
address. That's why we see them on the list...

@_date: 2004-02-12 23:08:12
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Where did everyone go? 
It seems alot of people just didn't migrate at all... A shame really.

@_date: 2004-03-31 15:17:45
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Jackbooted thugs, mercs and non-gov paramilitaries 
I don't normally forward articles, but this one might be of interest to
some here. I especially like the part where these guys are exempt from
the legal system...
British companies have been grousing about losing out to the Americans
in Iraq. But in one area, British companies excel: security
THE sight of a mob of Iraqi stone-throwers attacking the gates to the
Basra palace where the coalition has its southern headquarters is no
surprise. What's odd is the identity of the uniformed men holding them
off. The single Briton prodding his six Fijians to stand their ground
are not British army soldiers but employees of Global Risk Strategies, a
London-based security company.
Private military companies (PMCs).mercenaries, in oldspeak.manning the
occupation administration's front lines are now the third-largest
contributor to the war effort after the United States and Britain.
British ones are popular, largely because of the reputation of the
Special Air Service (SAS) regiment whose ex-employees run and man many
of the companies. They maintain they have twice as many men on the
ground as their American counterparts. According to David Claridge,
managing director of Janusian, a London-based security firm, Iraq has
boosted British military companies' revenues from £200m ($320m) before
the war to over £1 billion, making security by far Britain's most
lucrative post-war export to Iraq. It's a lucrative business. A four-man ex-SAS team in Baghdad can cost
$5,000 a day. Buoyed by their earnings, the comrades-in-arms live in the
plushest villas in the plushest quarters of Baghdad. Their crew-cut
occupants compare personal automatics, restock the bars and refill the
floodlit pools of the former Baathist chiefs. Established companies have expanded; new ones have sprung up. Control
Risks, a consultancy, now provides armed escorts. It has 500 men
guarding British civil servants. Global Risk Strategies was a two-man
team until the invasion of Afghanistan. Now it has over 1,000 guards in
Iraq.more than many of the countries taking part in the
occupation.manning the barricades of the Coalition Provisional Authority
(CPA). Last year it also won a $27m contract to distribute Iraq's new
dinar. Erinys, another British firm, was founded by Alastair Morrisson,
an ex-SAS officer who emerged from semi-retirement to win a contract
with Jordanian and Iraqi partners to protect Iraq's oil installations.
CPA officials say the contract is worth over $100m. Erinys now commands
a 14,000-strong armed force in Iraq.
In industry jargon, these companies' manpower is split into Iraqis,
.third-country nationals. (Gurkhas and Fijians) and .internationals.
(usually white first-worlders). Iraqis get $150 a month, .third-country
nationals. 10-20 times as much, and .internationals. 100 times as much.
Control Risks still relies on westerners, but ArmorGroup, a British
rival, employs 700 Gurkhas to shepherd America's primary contractors in
Iraq, Bechtel and KBR. Erinys's corps of pipeline protectors is
overwhelmingly Iraqi. The cheapness of the other ranks, compared with
western soldiers, is one reason why PMCs are flourishing. .Why pay for a
British platoon to guard a base, when you can hire Gurkhas at a fraction
of the cost?. asks one.
Nobody knows how long government contracts will last after the CPA
dissolves on June 30th. But multi-billion World Bank and UN
reconstruction funds should provide rich pickings. Amid rising violence,
the Program Management Office, which handles America's $18.6 billion aid
budget for Iraq, has raised its estimates of security costs from an
initial 7% of contracts to 10%. Blackwater, the American firm protecting
Iraq's American proconsul, Paul Bremer, says in many cases costs run to
over 25%. That's bad news for Iraqis hoping for reconstruction, but
great news for PMCs.
The boom has led to two worries. The first is lack of regulation.
Stressed and sometimes ill-trained mercenaries operate in Iraq's mayhem
with apparent impunity, erecting checkpoints without authorisation, and
claiming powers to detain and confiscate identity cards. A South African
company guarding a Baghdad hotel put guns to the heads of this
correspondent's guests. According to the CPA, non-Iraqi private-security
personnel contracted to the coalition or its partners are not subject to
Iraqi law. Even the industry is concerned. Regulation is vital, says
ArmorGroup's Christopher Beese, if Iraq is not to descend into the law
of the jungle. Second, the boom may be eroding Britain's defences. Just when the war on
terror is stretching the SAS to the limit, the rising profitability of
private sector work is tempting unprecedented numbers of its men to
leave. An SAS veteran estimates that some 40 of its 300 corps requested
early release from their contracts last year. Another guesses that there
are more ex-SAS people in Iraq than there are currently serving in the
regiment. Head-hunters poaching military talent, say critics, risk
turning the army's elite corps into little more than a training school
for PMCs.

@_date: 2004-04-15 09:48:47
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Fornicalia Lawmaker Moves to Block Gmail 
I only say something because I have seen this point before and find it
ludicrous. How much more detail than the message itself does the
advertizing agency need? Google is the one targetting the adds at its
customers. Google is the organization with all the emails. If they want
to know what's in your emails, they don't need to bother to come up with
an elaborate scheme for it... "You never have to delete email" doesn't
have to be an advertizing pitch for customers. Rather, it can be a nice
nifty advertizing pitch for the feds. Why subpeana the advertizing logs
when you can subpeana the emails themselves?

@_date: 2004-04-07 20:43:18
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Anarchy and Capitalism in Africa of all places... 
(it requires a login... article pasted below)
I specially like the part about taxation and the difficulties of
implementing it...
 Somalia
Coke and al-Qaeda
Apr 1st 2004 | MOGADISHU
From The Economist print edition
Africa's most chaotic country is a bit calmer, but probably still home
to anti-western terrorists
Get article background
THERE are two ways to run a business in Somalia. You can pay off the
local warlord, not always the most trustworthy of chaps, and hope he
will stop his militiamen from murdering your staff. Or you can tell him
to get stuffed and hire your own militia. After 13 years of civil war,
businessmen are increasingly plumping for the latter option, and their
defiance has been rewarded. A veneer of normality is returning to the
world's most chaotic country. An economy, of sorts, is beginning to
Somalia's first Coca-Cola bottling plant opened in the capital,
Mogadishu, last month. That its carbon dioxide chambers are encased in
mortar-proof reinforced concrete is almost beside the point. Somalis now
have the opportunity to rot their teeth like anyone else, and that feels
good. Countrywide distribution will be smoothed by the presence of
hundreds of experienced security guards, who are also responsible for
protecting the odd foreign expert who drops in. Newcomers are encouraged
to calm their nerves by firing off a few rounds or lobbing a
hand-grenade shortly after arrival. It really works, enthuses a visiting
Kenyan engineer.
Perversely, this renaissance has been made possible by Somalia's
continuing fragmentation. There is still no proper central government
but, where once there was only a handful of warlords, there are now at
least 24, and that is only the serious ones. With smaller fiefs to
pillage, few can now afford the $100,000 or more that it costs to wage a
six-hour battle, so such battles are less common. This is what passes
for peace in Somalia, and it is enough to tempt many homesick exiles to
return. They bring money as well as skills and contacts. In the past few
years, hospitals, schools, businesses and even a university have
In some ways, anarchy makes doing business easier. There are no formal
taxesgiven how heavily-armed the average Somali is, these would be hard
to collectand no regulation whatsoever. But the costs of chaos outweigh
the benefits. You can roar through a warlord's road block unmolested if
you have ten gunmen in the back of your pickup, but you have to pay your
gunmen. Nationlink, one of the country's three mobile-phone operators,
employs 300 guards to protect 500 staff.
Everyone yearns for a restoration of stability and a proper government.
A dozen attempts at negotiating a formal peace have failed. But since
September 11th 2001, western governments, anxious to prevent al-Qaeda
from using Somalia as a base, have pressed the warlords to make peace.
On January 29th, after talks in Kenya, they were rewarded with a
power-sharing agreement providing for a 275-strong parliament that is
meant to represent all the country's main clans and minorities.
Somalis are sceptical, however. Under the accord, warlords will choose
the MPs, whose appointment will be confirmed by traditional elders. Who
will pick the elders? Many worry that the warlords will. Some even argue
that western support for the peace process encourages violence, by
rewarding thugs with a share of power. Businessmen and other non-violent
types have been excluded from the talks. We have built schools, repaired
hospitals and rebuilt roads. Yet no one is asking us what we think, says
Nationlink's managing director, Ahmed Abdi Dini.
Since the power-sharing agreement, the talks have stalled. Amid the
acrimony, consensus was reached on one issue: the warlords, many of them
barely literate, unanimously agreed to abolish a clause barring those
without a secondary education from parliament.
Meanwhile, a decade after its botched intervention to protect food-aid
deliveries in Somalia, the United States is back; this time, hunting for
terrorists. American intelligence officers are working with two warlords
to gather information about suspected al-Qaeda people in Somalia. Last
year, an American commando raid on a Mogadishu hospital netted a Yemeni
terrorist suspect, now in Guantánamo Bay.
Hussein Aideed, son of the warlord whom American troops tried but failed
spectacularly to capture in 1993, was apparently paid $500,000 for 41
Strela missiles to ensure they did not fall into bin Ladenite hands. It
is rumoured that other warlords have also been paid: enough, possibly,
to restock dwindling weapons supplies. Your correspondent saw some
impressive hardware, including four gleaming Howitzers, at the base of
one of the warlords, Mohamed Qanyare Afrah.
Short tempers, tall stories
President George Bush's war on terror has won him few friends in
Somalia. In 2001, America forced the closure of Somalia's biggest
remittance bank, on the ground that it was used to launder terrorist
funds, and froze the assets of al-Haramain, a Saudi charity with alleged
terrorist links. This may have made life harder for al-Qaeda, but it
also made it harder for expatriate Somalis to send money to their
relatives back home, and led, among other things, to the recent closure
of Somalia's biggest orphanage. Since America is offering Somalis
nothing by way of compensation, they are furious.
We must become terrorists, says Abdulkadir Ahmed, a militiaman who
claims to be training to fight America. With typical Somali bravado, he
adds that: Palestinians who do suicide bombings and just kill a few
people are stupid. If I had to sacrifice my life, I would take between
1,000 and 7,000 Americans with me.
Copyright © 2004 The Economist Newspaper and The Economist Group. All
rights reserved.

@_date: 2004-06-20 10:24:35
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Linksys WRT54G (and clones) 
I have one here at work. Works wonders. I didn't build it myself though.
I actually paid the subscription too. The $20 seemed worthile to me. I
don't see anywhere in this thing that allows me to make it a vpn
endpoint, but I do have ipsec passthrough enabled and it works fine.
I don't know what you have in mind, but I'm all for it. If this thing
becomes a vpn endpoint that helps me out some, though the 200mhz proc
might not handle as much as I'd like...

@_date: 2004-06-22 06:52:15
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: [IP] When police ask your name, you must give it, Supreme Court says (fwd from dave@farber.net) 
Well, in principle this is a nice "screw you" method. But in practice...
well, if you have to write down your name because the sound doesn't
exist or can't be pronounced, you're that much more singled out eh...
And for those of us who wish to travel, well, passports become difficult
to manage I suspect. I am quite surprised with this ruling actually (I
haven't yet read the specifics) but the first impression of it says that
this does not bode well for opponents of the "War on Terrorism" (tm) or
for anyone who doesn't like the great big database in the sky...

@_date: 2004-08-04 14:17:14
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: IRS may use First Data info for help in finding tax evaders 
Standards of proof are going way down when "may have..." is enough to
get a court order...

@_date: 2004-08-20 09:39:10
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Another John Young Sighting 
Don't suppose anyone is willing to record and post for those of us who
don't have access to US channels right now?

@_date: 2004-12-10 11:01:25
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: punkly current events 
The latter statement my well be true, I don't use the network, nor know
the ratios of good/bad traffic. But I am very curious to find out what
would be considered geographically "safe" jurisdictions in this sense.
Not just today, but given the general trend, where would you see such a
jurisdition being found in a year or five or ten?

@_date: 2008-02-09 16:14:55
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: undersea cable cuts 
I have read several posts on this both here and on other lists, the news
seems not to be reporting much about this and the conspiracy theories
abound. Today however, I read a rather interesting piece on The
Economist which I found interesting enough to post here for comment...
According to them, this is just a well publicized string of coincidences
and in one case, one cable was taken down by the operators themselves.
The assertion that these cables fail relatively often, yet go unreported
is also interesting to me. The other interesting statement is that this
did not have a massive impact on Iran's internet infrastructure. The
latter would have the impact of nullifying many theories, if true. What
do folks here think? --Gabe
WHEN two undersea cables were damaged, apparently by ships' anchors,
five miles north of Alexandria on January 30th, it seemed like a
reminder of the fragility of the internet. The cablesbone owned by FLAG
Telecom, a subsidiary of India's Reliance Group, the other (SEA-ME-WE 4)
by a consortium of 16 telecoms firmsbcarry almost 90% of the data
traffic that goes through the Suez canal. When the connections failed,
they took with them almost all internet links between Europe and the
Gulf and South Asia. Egypt lost 70% of its internet connectivity immediately. More than half
of western India's outbound capacity crashed, messing up the country's
outsourcing industry. Over the next few days, as cable operators sought
new routes, 75m people from Algeria to Bangladesh saw internet links
disrupted or cut off.  But when, on February 1st, another of FLAG Telecom's cables was
 damaged, this time on the other side of the Arabian peninsula, west of
 Dubai, the story started to change. As an internet user known as
 spyd3rweb wrote on digg.com, b1 cable = an accident; 2 cables = a
 possible accident; 3 cables = deliberately sabotaged.b The conspiracy
 theories started to take wing.  bWe need to ponder the possibilityb, declared a posting on
 defensetech.org, bthat these cable cuts were intentional malicious
 acts. And even if the first incident was just an innocent but important
 accident, the second could well be a terrorist copycat event.b Or
 American villainy, said others. A user called Blakey Rat reported that
 bthe US navy was at one point technically able to tap into undersea
 fibre-optic cables using a special chamber mounted on a support
 submarine.b A website called the Galloping Beaver asked, bwhere is the
 USS Jimmy Carter?bba nuclear attack submarine which had apparently
 vanished.  The notion that something spookier than ships' anchors was to blame
 gained ground when Egypt's transport ministry said it had studied video
 footage of the sea lanes where the cables had been, and no ships had
 crossed the line of the breakage for 12 hours before and after the
 accident (the area is, in fact, off limits to shipping). Suspicion
 spread when yet another cablebbetween Qatar and the United Arab
 Emiratesbwent down on February 3rd. bBeyond the realm of coincidence!b
 said a user of ArabianBusiness.com.
 In fact, the fourth break was unsuspicious: the network was taken down
 by its operator because of a power failure. But by that time the
 conspiracists were in overdrive. Slashdot.org, a discussion board, said
 Iran had lost all internet access on February 1st. bA communications
 disruption can mean only one thingbinvasion,b said bigdavex, quoting a
 line from a bStar Warsb film. Bloggers in Pakistan, having recovered
 from their disruption, returned with a vengeance. The broken cables,
 they said, forced a delay in the opening of an oil bourse in Tehran;
 this would have led, claimed pkpolitics.com, to the mass selling of
 dollars bwhich would have instantly crashed [the American] economyb.
 Marcus Salek of New World Order 101.com (nwo101.com) added that
 bPresident Putin ordered the Russian air force to take immediate action
 to protect the Russian nation's vital undersea cables.b
 There is just one small problem: Iran's internet connectivity was never
 lost. Todd Underwood and Earl Zmijewski of Renesys, an
 internet-monitoring firm, reported that four-fifths of the 695 networks
 with connections in Iran were unaffected. Most of the other theories
 dissolve under analysis, too. Perhaps the American navy can bug
 fibre-optic cables but it's not clear how. A report for the European
 Parliament found in 2000 that boptical-fibre cables do not leak radio
 frequency signals and cannot be tapped using inductive loops.
 [Intelligence agencies] have spent a great deal of money on research
 into tapping optical fibres, reportedly with little success.b
 It may be rare for several cables to go down in a week, but it can
 happen. Global Marine Systems, a firm that repairs marine cables, says
 more than 50 cables were cut or damaged in the Atlantic last year; big
 oceans are criss-crossed by so many cables that a single break has
 little impact. What was unusual about the damage in the Suez canal was
 that it took place at a point where two continents' traffic is borne
 along only three cables. More are being laid. For the moment, there is
 only one fair conclusion: the internet is vulnerable, in places, but
 getting more robust.

@_date: 2009-03-24 22:06:05
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: FBI posts fake hyperlinks to snare child porn suspects 
Wouldn't a simple solution to this to publicize those links as much as
possible and get as many people as possible to click on them? Anyone
want to buy some google adword space and put those links in there?
