
@_date: 2013-10-22 00:37:16
@_author: Devin Reade 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Mail Lists In the Post-Snowden Era 
My comment had nothing to do with any state's ability to ID people.
It has to do more with peer review. If I'm trying to evaluate
ideas and opinions within my own fields of expertise, I can do it
on my own.  If I'm trying to evaluate something outside my own field,
I'm more dependent on the experts in that field, how their peers
evaluate those ideas, and ultimately the reputation of the related
parties.  While I concede that reputation can be built for any
arbitrary avatar over time, without links back to the Real World
that reputation will be harder and take longer to build.
"Confusing" and "comfy" is irrelevent, as is whether or not one is
stateside (I'm not). That aside was questioning, in light of a
determined anagonist, whether it is even really possible to retain
anonymity on mailing lists if one posts a significant amount of
content in both worlds, by whatever name. By extension, this is
questioning the value of an anonymous mailing list at all (assuming
your antagonist is able to get the cleartext).
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-21 10:39:25
@_author: Devin Reade 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Mail Lists In the Post-Snowden Era 
At the risk of stating the obvious, going to an anonymized list
is not without its own problems.  One big part of the usability of
many mailing lists involves the reputation of the poster.  Take
this list for example:  I am not a cryptographer (I'm a software
architect and developer).  I've found the conversations on this
list interesting and it gives me things to think about in the
design and implementations of my own systems (and those of my
So what's the difference between this list and some arbitrary
list full of crackpots?  Here, if there is an argument that I
can't quite follow in sufficient detail to satisfy myself, one
option is to examine other sources with respect to the posters
and the topics at hand, and how they are considered by other
publicly-known cryptographers.  It's not the the best, but it
An analog exists, at least to some extent, on other mailing
As an aside, on a public list or bulletin board (anonymous or not)
I would be surprised if there is not software in existence that
could correlate poster's mannerisms against publicly available
non-anonymized postings to in effect de-anonymize the supposedly
anonymous postings with a reasonable degree of accuracy.
The cryptography mailing list
