
@_date: 2004-12-09 11:47:55
@_author: "Mr.George Kabila" 
@_subject: Compliment's 
Dear Sir,                    ASSISTANCE
Kindly allow me the modesty of introducing myself. I am GEORGE KABILA,the son of the former head of state/ president of Congo-Kinshasha (then called Zaire) Mr. Laurent Desire Kabila.
I am contacting you in other to ask for your assistance on this confidential Business proposal with full financial benefit for both of us. Before I go into further details please be informed that I am writing without any other person(s) pre-knowledge of my contacting you on this transaction. Therefore I will appreciate same attitude to be maintained all through.
I have the sum of USD20.7Million from a secret sale of Diamond by my father before he was assassinated by one of his body guard (Rashid) on January 16th 2001, which I will like you to receive on my behalf due to Security reasons, as my narration below will explain. But before I continue be well informed that your share in this transaction has been calculated as 15% of the total sum of USD$20.7M, 5% for expenses and the rest for my family and I.
 My father as a real African traditionalist was a polygamist thereby having married to so many wives, and my mother being the second wife of my father, My step brother Joseph, who is currently the  president of my country, is the son of the first wife and he does not have any knowledge about this deal. Already president Joseph is using his power to colonize all the money and private property, which my late father left behind for the entire family. Now my mother and I are left with nothing in the inheritance of my late father's wealth. Our situation is seriously critical that we need your assistance to help us receive this money overseas for proper investment. Let me quickly assure you that this transaction is 100% risk free because the diamond sales are packaged from  the unset in a pattern that shows no direct trace or linkage with us (Kabila family). At present the money is deposited and is secured with a holding company under deposit account. I am waiting for your swift and favourable response, and in case you have any question(s), do not hesitate to contact me. My alternative e mail address is : geokabila01
Best Regards
George Kabila
