
@_date: 2011-02-07 23:42:42
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: US Warships jamming Lebanon Internet 
I think people in San Diego and near Norfolk, VA have the same problems.
The C-band frequencies are 2x those of the S-band (4-8 GHz for C, 2-4
GHz for S); if the SPY-1 / SPY-1D radar is frequency hopping it may
well step on someone's C-band links at twice the radar's basic
frequency.  Just need a filter to remove actual S-band frequencies
from C-band feeds.

@_date: 2012-11-27 01:13:56
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
Right, but GPS location in these scenarios is not helpful.  Because
the network provider has plenty of evidence you're on the move - your
cell location starts hopping at significant speeds, it's kind of
You can either handle this with L3/4 stuff - painfully, but one can
establish a regional forwarder net which is a downwards-looking
default in each region, to handle L3 traffic for nodes that went off
the reservation.  Or you can handle this at L5 or above, in which case
this is not our problem per se; it's the device and consumer services'
website or central services site, or P2P type protocols designers
problem to handle IP address flips etc.  Which, frankly, already is
being handled (most mobile users, anyone who uses WiFi in multiple
locations + a phone data connection, etc).  It's not totally seamless,
but it works, and it's good enough.
In either case, knowing the GPS location of the phone or device is not
relevant to handling the problem or detecting it, beyond what the cell
site data gives you naturally.
As you already have to support devices hopping IPs, adding network foo
(with evident significant downsides) which does not make that hopping
IPs problem go away seems like it's a no-answer.

@_date: 2012-11-26 22:51:57
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
The utility of this is somewhat moderated by limited geographical
mobility while a phone's active in a single session.  One rarely
drives from San Francisco to LA typing all the way on their smartphone
data connection, for example.
To the extent that you may apply IP ranges to wider geographical
areas, and limit the search space to a few % of the total, beyond
which devices get a new address pushed as they travel, this is
entirely manageable without the new header.
Some services dislike the endpoint renumbering like that, and some
connections go kerfluey, but most web based activities handle the
endpoint getting a new IP just fine; this is what cookies are for.
Your SSH connections will remind you that you should be using screen,
or not type and drive.  But the CHP and road hazards will already do
Eventually being allowed to use air-to-ground cell data on airliners
will be slightly worse, but again, most protocols shrug at this

@_date: 2012-11-29 21:17:46
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
The entire question here is whether CALEA's covered entities
definition and ISP "common carrier" (not exactly, but the commonly
used term for CDA protections available, see earlier discussion)
definitions overlap.
The answer is no.  It always has been no.  Plenty of publishers and
access providers do not fall under CALEA.  The FCC and law enforcement
are aware of that.  The conflation of the two in this conversation has
not been useful or educational.
What the future might hold is an open question, but for the time
being, CDA protections are available (at least theoretically, or
arguably) for a lot of people for whom CALEA clearly is not
CDA protections are available whether you log commenters' IP addresses
on your blog, keep long lasting web acces logs, allow unrestricted
wireless access point access without logging, or what.  Responsibility
under it does not kick in unless you're aware of or notified of an
issue, with some exceptions.  Plenty of sites do not keep logs long
and some do not log.

@_date: 2012-11-29 20:53:23
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
If you run an open wireless access point and don't log MACs / MAC to
IP DHCP assignments, you are in similar straights.
If they come to you 31 days after the data flow and you retain logs
for 30, you are in similar straights.
If someone faked their wireless MAC and the data in your log is not
definitive, everyone's stymied.
If someone went into a Library and used an open access computer,
there's often no log of who / when.
The assertion being made here, that it's somehow illegal (or immoral,
or scary) for there to be not-completely-traceable internet access in
the US, is absurd.
CALEA doesn't say what you're asserting.  From the First Report and Order:
"24. In this section, we find that facilities-based providers of any
type of broadband Internet access
service, including but not limited to wireline, cable modem,
satellite, wireless, fixed wireless, and
broadband access via powerline are subject to CALEA"  (
  )
If you're not a facilities-based provider, you aren't covered.

@_date: 2012-11-29 20:14:10
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
Sure, Tor exit nodes are 'capable of doing' those things if a report
is generated that someone's using it to source child porn or terrorist
communications or DMCA violations.  At the most extreme the owner can
shut down a node; they might also put egress filters in place pursuant
to notifications.
Plenty of small ISPs in one sense or another don't comply with CALEA
because they own systems not networks (open access sites, etc).  CALEA
goes to the network providers in those cases, as I understand it.
The Tor owner also might chose to fight it and leave it completely
open, but an ISP might chose to do that in response to certain notices
as well.
This presumes that law enforcement deems them the right place to go
investigating an incident, and notifies them.  But if they seem to be
aware of what Tor is in the US and be generally reasonable in
responding to issues with it, that I know of.

@_date: 2012-11-29 20:06:28
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
There are plenty of ISPs with no or little customer contracts; anyone
running open access wireless.  Plenty of "open access" sites with free
And any but the largest ISPs are "end users" of upstream bandwidth.
The analogy of a small free access ISP and a Tor exit node is legally
defensible.  I know of five, six, seven that I can think of off the
top of my head that are run by people I know, one of whom has started
and/or been architect or operations lead for 5 or more commercial
Even more, ISP like protections are extended in the US to many "end
user" sites such as blogging sites, Wikis, etc; where the site is
"publishing" content but not creating it or exerting control over it,
This is US specific, and the case of a user in Austria is entirely
unrelated to US law, but I don't know that this type of response would
hold up in US court for these reasons.  I am going to ping my internet
law contacts in the US and see what they think, as IANAL.

@_date: 2012-11-29 19:50:57
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
Such as, say, an Internet Service Provider business?

@_date: 2013-01-03 03:38:21
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: Gmail and SSL 
I probably fit into that description; while I vector my personal email
through Google, the actual sensitive stuff does not touch any wired or
wireless network.  Because I know.

@_date: 2013-01-02 22:43:23
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: Gmail and SSL 
There are three vectors of attack:
One, asking a CA for a cert in someone else's name and it gets issued.
 As you noted, generally discovered pretty quickly and shut down, but
there's no robust external verification for the discovery process.
Also, the verifications the CAs perform to validate the user could be
subverted, as noted earlier in conversation, so they could receive
false assurances that it was the right entity asking for the keys.
That subversion could happen via registrar account hacking (known
problem) among other places, along with technical measures to monitor
unencrypted validation emails sent to proper authoritative domain
contact emails.
Two, a CA's keys can go walking (either due to technical penetration
or human corruption), and then external parties can issue their own
certs as if they were the CA.  If identified the CA can revoke its own
key and re-issue all the client certs from a new one, but someone
needs to identify that it happened.  This is alleged to have happened
at least twice, once of which the CA was shut down over, the other one
of which became opaque and ambiguous, and therefore untrustworthy.
Three, there may be crypto flaws we don't know about still lingering,
or a CA could choose easily factored numbers by bad luck and someone
could luck out grinding them.  Not a high risk (anyone SHOULD grind
their own keys some to check them for that) but nonzero.
Can I go get a key for your site right now?  I'm not going to spend
the afternoon trying (I'm working for a living) but I am reasonably
sure I could do so.  Lax checks by CAs are well described elsewhere.
If push came to shove and minor legalities were not restraining me, I
recall (without checking) your domain's emails come to your home, and
your DSL or cable line is sniffable, so any of the CA who email URL
validators out could be trivially temporarily spoofed (until you read
your email and responded) by tapping your data lines.  BGP games to
snarf your traffic are another venue, possibly not yet even covered by
wiretap laws that I know of, though I'm not currently an ISP in a
position to personally do that to you.
The same is possible but slightly harder for midsized corporate
entities.  Still possible but much harder for large ones.
If you're going to argue that that's cheating, that IS the threat envelope...

@_date: 2013-01-02 20:10:55
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: Gmail and SSL 
While I agree with your general characterization of MIIM, the
"extraordinary difficulty" here is not supported.
As has been demonstrated, the bar for getting certs from some trusted
CAs is in some cases low enough that it's not even difficult, much
less extraordinarily difficult.  Getting certs to a well known domain
may be somewhat harder, it might be useful to see how far someone got
trying to get a "mail.google.com" cert from all the commonly trusted
vendors without resorting to illegal penetrations or layer 8+ hacking
we exclude those threats the general envelope for not-well-known
domains seems risky.
Google is setting a higher bar here, which may be sufficient to deter
a lot of bots and script kiddies for the next few years, but it's not
enough against nation-state or serious professional level attacks.
The advantage for the deterrence it can give may well be worth it
anyways, for the near future.  Every measure in security that does not
involve the off switch is a half-measure, at least in the long term,
even very large key crypto, but enough incremental steps form a useful

@_date: 2013-11-01 23:39:12
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: latest Snowden docs show NSA intercepts all Google and Yahoo DC-to-DC traffic 
Nothing is absolute, but there are certainly "white" organizations which
have no attempt to be secure, and much greyer ones where it's a big deal in
organizational process and ethos.
A Snowden once a decade or so is not a bad record.  Unfortunately, we ...
hoped ... they were the good guys, not the bad guys.

@_date: 2013-11-01 23:29:58
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: latest Snowden docs show NSA intercepts all Google and Yahoo DC-to-DC traffic 
This is probably not entirely true, however...
There is certainly enough in the Snowden docs to render this a valid
question, and there is enough to assume some truth to the statement.
Anyone familiar with secure organizations will realize this as the internal
witch hunt problem.  You now have serious reason to believe that you have
been compromised.  If security needs to be absolute, then the degree of
response needed to succeed at attaining that will require very serious
vetting of all the staff, of the nature of what national security
organizations do (background checks, polygraphs, detailed personal
histories, intrusive random monitoring of employee actions in and outside
the office, etc).
Most of "us" will not put up with that.  However, most of "us" also desire
reasonably secure services (both those of us who work for those services,
and those of us who use them).
The prior default setting was to assume there was nobody trying hard enough
to penetrate those services that the internal witch hunt degree of internal
security was necessary.  It was "reasonable" to hope that someone with
nation-state / superpower level resources was not actively Trying To Get
In.  Now that's not a safe assumption.
The NSA has just put the entire profession in a horrible bind.  By going
beyond the foggy-but-legally-documented FISA warrant activities into active
hostile actions against US providers we have to wonder about what degree of
paranoia is necessary.
Do we now just stick our heads back in the sand?  Identify key security
groups with override authority within our organizations, vet them and
monitor them like the CIA and NSA vet and monitor their employees?  Try to
establish that level of review of all our staffs?
Bruce Schneier has tiptoed around this some, but the thread from his blog
last week of "How do we know we can trust Bruce" is terrifying when we have
to consider applying that question to everyone on this list (and who should
be on this list).

@_date: 2013-11-01 22:36:25
@_author: George Herbert 
@_subject: Re: latest Snowden docs show NSA intercepts all Google and Yahoo DC-to-DC traffic 
That was *front end* SSL/TLS - not internal / back end SSL/TLS.
One could assert that the per-activity SSL/TLS overhead might be the same
for internal services accessed to answer a front-end request, but that's
not necessarily true.  The code/request ratios and external/internal
SSL/TLS startup costs are going to vary wildly from service to service.
