
@_date: 2001-09-17 16:57:11
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Brazil Parliament Votes To Allow Air Passengers To Carry 
Here's a link I saw on free-market.net to an article about this.
I'm pretty confident they fell for a hoax.  The article claims
"65% of all Brazilians with income more than US$ 2000 always walks equipped with gun",  whereas I believe in fact Brazilian civilians are all forbidden from owning guns.

@_date: 2001-09-24 22:33:12
@_author: Deering 1999 
@_subject: Re: RE: Expectation of privacy in public? 
You're on crack.  The anti-eavsdropping laws don't have exemptions for agents of foreign governments, the suggestion is Except that it doesn't.  It's not a violation of US law for US agents to spy on people in Australia, but it's almost certainly a violation
of Australian law.  Similarly, it's probably not a violation of Australian law for Australian agents to eavsdrop on people in California, but it's clearly a violation of California law.

@_date: 2001-09-28 00:08:37
@_author: variola 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
It comes from the word "vaca", which mean cow. more explicitly, it comes from variolae vaccinae which is latin for cow pox. off Good advice! George

@_date: 2001-10-31 14:19:53
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: RE: Transperancy Spray? 
Here's a link to the MSDS
it says above 900 F Freon will decompose into hydrochloric and
hydrofluoric acids.  Doesn't mention phosgene, although you'd
proabably get that if the air was dry enough.

@_date: 2001-10-28 18:58:32
@_author: was: Market Competition for Security Measures 
@_subject: Re: Hunger in Amerikka (was: Market Competition for Security Measures) 
Certainly individuals are pretty hungry at least some of the time.
I remember a while back a way home there was an old lady
bum saying "please help me get something to eat, I'm hungry".
Experience told me that she would be there again the next day
saying the same thing.  But what made this day special was,  I
overheard another lady remark to her friend, "I'm hungry too,
because I worked through my lunch hour".  Then again,
she did look like she could afford to skip a few meals.
its faults, but as far as providing food goes, there are an amazing number of morbidly obese "poor" people.

@_date: 2001-10-27 16:50:04
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: BOOKS FOR PRISONERS 
Do the books actually make it onto the shelves? I know that
some public libraries aren't interested in mere taxpayers' opinions
as to what books they should have,  they'll accept your donated
books but they'll just sell them.  I would suspect the same would
likely be true at prison libraries.
George

@_date: 2001-10-23 19:39:18
@_author: gasp 
@_subject: Re: eWe Won't Have CJ Parker and Richard NIxon To Kick Around 
Actually, I think you were right the first time.  We may feel symapthy for the malum prohibido convicts and contempt for
the in se ones,  but odds are pretty good that a convict
of either catgeory is likely to be complicit in his own convition.
In fact, small quantity non violent drug offenders are probably
among the most likely to fall for the "we'll go easier on
you if we cooperate" line.
George

@_date: 2001-10-11 02:53:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: RE: who wants to be a millionaire 
In the coming age of digital cash, you wouldn't want your wealth
measured in some meaningless fiat currency like "dollars", right?
You want genuine commodity backed currency.
A free range bank would back its currency with free range chickens.

@_date: 2001-10-01 18:57:18
@_author: $6 to $12 billion 
@_subject: Re: America needs therapy 
Not to mention things like "travel delays due to road congestion ($46.5 to $174.6 billion)," which not only would still exist with electric cars, but
is a cost ALREADY paid by automobile users.  To  call something like
that a "hidden subsidy of the oil industry" should be enough to get this
"study" rejected by a reesponsible reviewer.

@_date: 2001-10-08 00:09:12
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Another precious moment from shrub... 
Well,  SOMEBODY is clearly an idiot.  Of course, neither a slip of the tongue nor a typo are really
signs of idiocy.

@_date: 2001-10-14 15:55:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: possession of brown sugar and envelopes illegal ? 
Since Anthrax isn't human to human conatgious, population density
is pretty much irrelevant, at least if you're delivering it by mail.
If they can survive rent control, they can survive anything.
The kind of food irradiators used to make the milk that doesn't spoil
should be able to destroy anthrax spores, I think.  You might have
to cook it a little longer because spores are harder to
kill then wet bacteria, but if your letters are just letters you can get
away with cooking it longer, you don't care if you denature some proteins.    I'm guessing if all mail was sterilized at the post office
the cost could be held below 2 cents a letter.
Of course, you'd still have crop dusters to worry about.

@_date: 2001-10-23 02:34:18
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Netscape Out! 
There never was a netscape 5, they jumped from 4.5 to 6.

@_date: 2001-10-26 20:11:03
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: RE: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
That's an incredibly fucked-up thing to say,
even for you.

@_date: 2001-10-28 17:08:58
@_author: Reuters 
@_subject: Re: Now we know why those 1000 are being held in NYC 
obviously, they weren't.  Some fraction of the 1000 were making "gloating phone calls".  How many of them?  My guess is three,
on the grounds that the FBI is too honest to unscrupulously use the plural if there were only one. They can try to assert whatever they want, but you'll have to
spend some time looking for an American judge who won't agree
that making congratulatory phone calls right after the attacks
provides grounds for reasonable suspicion of involvement,
particularly if they were already under surveilance.
George

@_date: 2001-10-31 00:52:18
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: RE: Transperancy Spray? 
I think freon is incredibly inert, that's why it's used.
My impression is that virtually any transparent
liquid will do a reasonable job of making the envelope transparent,
but the considerations are that you'd want something that doesn't
leave a residue and won'tr make the ink run.  I believe that paper is white for the reason that snow is (as opposed to the reason that titanium oxide is), that is, you've got a bunch of surfaces where the index of refraction changes significantly from that of air and there's a chance of reflection at each surface, but the
actual paper fibers are transparent.  The liquid you spray on is
filling in the gaps with something with an index of refraction much
closer to that of the paper fibers. Pretty sure that's more or less how they work.  Definately there's
no chemical reaction going on.
George

@_date: 2001-10-30 17:27:30
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: The Password Spy 
Umm, would a Y cable and another serial port work?

@_date: 2001-11-30 23:14:04
@_author: admittedly compromised 
@_subject: Re: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Any sort of protocol along these lines will only be successful if people are willing to accept the buying and selling of keys
along with associated reputations as valid.  I don't
think people will.
A message along the lines of "I've discovered my key has
been compromised, so I'm changing it, but I'm signing it with
the old (admittedly compromised) key" should not be
believed.  The message can as easily come from the compromisor as compromisee, more easily in fact, since
a nym thief will doubtless know he's stolen a nym before
the victim realizes it.  The proper response to such a message would be to indeed view the old key as compromised, but
to put no confidence in the "new key" unless it can be verified
via an inpendent channel.  For a pure pseudonym (not in
any way attached to any known physical entity) I'm not sure there
is an indendent channel.

@_date: 2001-11-30 22:57:53
@_author: purely hypothetically 
@_subject: Nyms for sale!  Get your red hot nyms! 
This assumes that you want it to be possible to buy and sell reputation capital, and that people will accept bought reputation
as valid, propositions that I think are contrary to fact.
most intelligent, informed, and creative poster I had ever seen,
and I learned that "Wei Dai" had sold his name to some unknown
third party,  I would consider any impressions I had about
"Wei Dai" to be instantly invalidated (since there's no particular
reason to believe they'd apply to the new nym owner), and the
name would become worthless (in my eyes) regardless of how much the new owner paid for it.
me surreptitiously bought and sold is a critical weakness of any sort of nym reputation system, and a system designed to
facilitate this kind of fraud is system in which only a fool
would put any confidence in any reputation.
I don't think anyone claims that the whole idea is nonsense,
just that it's a mistake to view it as a singel real number.
Maybe a 3x3 matrix would be better?

@_date: 2001-11-27 00:25:08
@_author: or something 
@_subject: Re: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
Here's my recollection as to how this was supposed to work:
1) people who participated in the beta got free mojo as a
reward for participating (they'd keep their mojo when the
beta period was over)
2) In the non-beta, people would have to pay (or something)
to get a starting stash of mojo
3) I don't think the "Evil Geniuses" ever expected to act as mojo-cash brokers; rather, anyone who had a supply of
cash and mojo could act as a cash-mojo broker, and mojo
would find its own price. Right. If the tokens are EVER going to be worth anything, there
can't be a way to accumulate then for free.  If people have this
psychological block against paying "real money" for tokens,
maybe it's a good idea to make them trade CPU time for them
in one of the seti-like projects.  Somebody mentioned something about one involving protein-folding that sounded like it might actually be useful.

@_date: 2001-11-05 04:56:56
@_author: Hi, Dave! 
@_subject: Re: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
Right.  I didn't see it this way,  I got the impression that she was
prevented from flying because she gave the guard attitude
(deliberately slowing down when he told her to speed up,
etc.) rather than for her politics as such.    Still unacceptable behavior, of course,  but (to my mind) not nearly as bad. My suggestion that he should be let off with a reprimand should
be read in that context.
and it's conceivable that she might have said/done stuff
significantly more threatening than what she mentioned, and that keeping her off the flight was actually the right thing to do.  Not
asserting that this is the case, of course, just pointing out the I'm not sure how egregious is egregious in the context of missing
flights. I've been unable to fly when I was supposed to because
of weather, mechanical problems, and because the asshole cabs
weren't there to pick me up when they were supposed to be.
Never get any compensation for it.
None of this justifies anything, of course, but the point is that there's always a non-negligible chance that you won't be able to
get on the flight you paid for.  So the odds of getting significantly more than a refund on the ticket seem slim.
Also, so far as motivation goes, I expect that the airline employees
genuinely believed she was a safety risk, it seems highly
unlikely that they just felt like persecuting greens. Whether
or not that was a reasonable belief is a separate question.
George

@_date: 2001-11-04 18:09:40
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
I think "overlooking" is too strong a word,  I think it's more reasonable to call it mitigating circimstances.  The guardsman
needs to have it explained to him (in a way that the lesson will
stick) that he does not have the authority to block travellers because he doesn't like their attitude or their political views.
I'm not sure what disciplinary action is appropriate,  probably
a reptimand is good enough as long as it's made VERY clear that
any sort of repeat performance will result in sever consequences.

@_date: 2001-11-08 21:30:16
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
Right.  To be brutally specific, identification is generally useless
for preventing suicide bombings, because suicide bombers tend not to be repeat offenders.

@_date: 2001-11-16 18:42:26
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: RE: Monkeywrenching 
Probably not.  The act of terrorism isn't "quoting  the Constitution",
it's "quoting the Constitution without a license".

@_date: 2001-11-19 18:14:01
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
It's amazing how many people assert this, even though it's clearly wrong.  A gold standard does NOT mean that the amount of currency in circulation equals the amount of gold in the
vaults, it means that the currency is exchangeable for gold
at a fixed rate.  Obviously, there can be more gold in the vaults
than you need to actually exchange every dollar for the correct
amount of gold. Less obviously, there can be less.
George

@_date: 2001-11-19 17:56:00
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
They wanted to be able to pay off their debts with devalued money.

@_date: 2001-11-19 17:50:39
@_author: with good financial backgrounds 
@_subject: Re: Pricing spare resources and options? 
They STILL want this kind of price? I remember back in 96
looking at some prices for web hosting and thinking
"hmm,  these guys are getting their investment back in
about 2 weeks, and everything after that is profit. That
can't last". I played around with MN for a while, one of the things that
disapointed me was that you tend to lose mojo just by
running the client.  It seemed to me that the idea that
everything you do should involve a cost one way or another
was a mistake, it seemed to me that the housekeeping/say
hello kind of stuff shuld be free.  Publishing also, since 1)
there's no guarentee that the site you publish blocks to
will keep them for any nonzero length of time and 2)
Theoretically the people you publish to will expect to make their
"profit" from other people requesting those blocks.  Of course, it's unlikely that Mojo will actually ever cost/be worth
anything, but that's beside the point; assuming that pretty much
invalidates the whole system.
A distributed backup/storage system seems like it ought to be
pretty easy to develop, but of course up front payment doesn't
work at all. You'd need some kind of challenge/response system
to verify that the storers are actually keeping the data, you'd need
lots of redundancy since it doesn't really help you to know that
some bozo dumped the only copy of your critical data,
but if you have like 20 copies out there and you continually
verify that they're all keeping your data (if some of tem lose it,
just replace those guys) it seems like you should be safer than you would be using a standard commercial service. And at the prices you mention earlier, vastly cheaper.

@_date: 2001-11-27 00:42:37
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: in praise of gold 
Actually, in that context I was specifically NOT referring to
gold as a generic proxy for value,  if you'll recall I was listing
reasons was gold is particularly well suited to be a proxy for
value.  The point is that gold is something that falls into the
category of sparkly things that women like.  Women will sleep with you if you give them jewelry, even if they're not going to
sell it.  Umm, or so I've been told.
Of course, men like the sparkly stuff also, but if wear lots of
jewelry people are likely to think you're either gay or a pimp.
Not that there's necessarily anything wrong with that, but giving off
misleading signals can lead to embarassment.

@_date: 2001-11-20 02:52:16
@_author: a small volume of gold is worth a lot 
@_subject: In praise of gold 
I understand your point, you can't eat gold, it won't keep you
warm and dry in a storm, it really is mostly only good for
you in that other people will also give you stuff for it BUT
I think the other side is pretty clear also.  Gold isn't like,
say, the good will of the king, which becomes wortheless as soon
as there's a new king. I suspect that it never ocurred to most people
during gold standard days that gold could in principle become
wothless (although alchemists understood perfectly well that
being able to turn lead into gold is only the key to riches if
you alone posess the secret).
Anyway, there are very good reasons why gold is better than
anything else as a basis of currency.
I expect most of you have read this before, I've posted this before elsewhere, appy polly logies for the redundancy, but for those who
maybe think choice of gold as a standard, here's why gold is good:
1) Gold is money dense (a small volume of gold is worth a lot). This
is very important if you have to keep currency reserves.
2) Gold does not rust or decay.  Again, very important if you
have to keep reserves.
3) Gold is uniform.  Diamonds are all different, oil comes in
a plethora of types and grades.  Tobacco was used as money
in the early days of the american colonies, with the (easily predictable) result that people smokes the good stuff and used the
crappiest stuff they could find to pay their debts. Nothing
could be purer than pure gold.
4) Gold is elemental.  It's much more plausible that somebody will
come up with an economic way to synthesize, say, diamonds than gold. 5) Gold makes women sleep with you.  I don't know why they
like it, but they do.

@_date: 2001-11-27 01:21:07
@_author: was Re: in praise of gold 
@_subject: Re: Cattle Herding... (was Re: in praise of gold) 
And of course the German word for money is Gelt, which means Gold. Cows might have served well as currency for primitives like the Etruscans, but can you imagine using them today?  I took
a bus this morning, the fair was 1.10 and I only had paper money
so they ripped me off 90 cents.  But if I was an Etruscan, they
would've taken my whole cow!

@_date: 2001-11-30 03:53:02
@_author: the value one places on one's own reputation 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Even this is not a scalar.  Since reputation cannot be bought
and sold, the idea that it is worth a specific well defined amount is
Claiming you have a concept called reputation capital doen't really
solve the problem, it just moves it back a step, leading to questions
like how does one aquire/lose reputation capital, how does one
discover another's reputation, how does one ensure that a party
violating an agreement actually will lose reputation capital,
and so on.  These questions can be answered, at least sometimes,
but usually answering them will make it clear that reputation
capital isn't a single number.
reputation capital by failing to honor his obligations than he will
gain is a very useful concept. The idea that a nym has a fixed
amount of reputation capital and will lose it all with a single failure
to comply might be useful in certain simplified models, but
it doesn't accurately reflect most real world situations.
well, maybe.  But if we define reputation capital the way you did
(the value one places on one's own reputation) then it's important
to be aware that one can only know the value of one's own reputation capital.
So would I, but this is just a disagreement over the terminolgy,
not the concepts.
I think you're going way too far. Proton decay has never been observed in the real world, and people have looked for it really
hard.  Whereas a whole lot of governments (including the US
government)  have attempted to solve their debt problems
by printing a lot of paper currency, devaluing the existing currency
in the process.
I'm not convinced that you do. As I've said before, there are two
fundamentally different ways of maintaining anonymity with some
sort of digital bearer certificate
1) you can ensure the "bank" can't identify the certifcates as the
ones you bought when they're cashed in or
2) you can see to it that the bank doesn't know who
"you" are when you buy the certificates in the first place.
Number 2 still seems more natural to me.

@_date: 2001-11-27 01:48:08
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
I don't think this follows. If I say "Alice ripped me off", Alice's reputation may well suffer even if reputation isn't a scalar
property.  People who consider my word as being worthless won't
lower their opinion of Alice, but somebody might.
Doesn't the concept of "selling for face value" imply that there's
a currency known to be legit?  I mean, if I'm trading paper for
paper I ought to expect to average 1 for 1.
Somehow this reminds me of a story I once read where one crook
was selling another crook what was purported to be high quality
counterfeit money but was actually the proceeds from a bank
heist (the irony being that the "real" money was worth considerably less than the counterfeit).
I believe what you are saying here is true, but I don't see what
recognizing this gets you.  In principle, if there's a digital
currency which is allegedly redeemable for dollars and I think
that there's about a 50-50 chance that I'll actually be able to redeem the currency then I ought to be willing to accept it at
50% face value, but in practice evaluating probabilities like
that is pretty hard, and I'm pretty much always going to be
coming up with probabilities close to one or close to
zero that any kind of "backed" currency is good.
Again, I don't see where this gets us.

@_date: 2001-11-26 23:54:55
@_author: a distinct possibility 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
It was interesting, but unless I misread it (a distinct possibility)
the squirrels didn't really have something we'd call a reputation.
The squirrels would remember "that squirrel keeps claiming there's
a stuffed badger when there is no stuffed badger" and would
ignore his warnings, but a real reputation system would be more like a new squirrel shows up and the experienced squirrels
tell the new squirrel which squirrels are reliable and which aren't.
I don't think squirrels are capable of that.
The idea of a universal scalar reputation would be that every squirrel in the world has the same opinion of every other
squirrel's reliability. I don't think anything like that exists
in any species.
George    But that's not the issue.  The point is that repution ins't a simple scalar i.e. one can have a repuation as being highly informed in
certain circles and be considered a complete nutter in others,
or considered extremely well informed on certain topics and
woefully misinformed on others.  Even a reputation for morality implies conforming to a specific idea as to what moral behavior is.

@_date: 2001-11-27 01:12:38
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Sixpack Encryption Email client 
I gave a little bit of thought about what an encrypted email client should look like for joe sixpack to use.  Here's how the DEFAULT
behavior would work:
When you install the   software, it generates a public-private key
pair. It saves your private key right there on your hard disk
unencrypted, no tricky passphrase to remember.  It then uploads
your private key to some central server.
The software maintains a list of public keys, if you want to send
mail to someone for whom  you don't have a public key, it'll
check the server for one. If you have a key for someone, it'll
automatically encrypt. If you receive encrypted mail, it'll automatically decrypt (and save the decrypted mail on your hard drive). It'll have a little icon on a mail message indicating if
it was encrypted, and there'll be an icon next to each name
in the address book indicating if you have a key for that
address, but for the most part it'll encrypt opportunistically
and the user won't need to know or care  if a message is
encrypted or not.
I'm sure I don't need to go into detail explaining what's wrong with this, but it should be obvious that every convenience violates
an important security rule.  And it pretty much has to be that way.
You either have to remember a passphrase and key it in, or
any fool who gets access to your computer can easily read your
private key, and so on.
Personally, I think it'd be better if the sixpackers used this kind
of encryption than no encryption at all, if I thought that people
wuld use this kind of email client I would write it, it shouldn't
be too hard since I could probably steal most of the code.
George

@_date: 2001-12-20 19:39:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: MS DRM OS 
I think it does a little more than that.  "Deny the luser owner
root access" is sufficient to explain how the luser is prevented
from copying or modifying the trusted content, but it doesn't
explain how "trusted" apps can access the data.  In essence, deny the luser root access + all programs signed
by microsoft automatically run as root. Neither piece alone
would be innovative enough to be patentable, but maybe the combo

@_date: 2001-12-19 04:27:53
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Jonah Goldberg Has It Ass Backwards 
It is said Right.  I started to compose a longer reply, but then I pretty much decided that your title says it all.  The guy's a fucking moron,
not worth the electrons.
George

@_date: 2001-12-18 23:54:32
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: spam and Remailers 
Wouldn't it HAVE to do that if they want their spam forwarded?
I mean, doesn't the remailer perform one layer of decryption
to find the address that it's supposed to next forward the message Say, what IS the situation with spam and remailers anyway?
are spammers really trying to use the mixmaster network to
send lots of spam, or is it more like that the remailers get sent lots of spam and have to filter it out because it would take too
long to process?  I mean, does spam follow the protocol?  You know what else should be easy?  Setting up and running a remailer! So why shouldn't an ambitious spammer set up his
own remailer server? Or better yet, a whole bunch of them?
Except instead of sending dummy traffic, it sends spam.
This is actually a really good thing from remailer security,
because a dummy message that ends up telling
some fool about russian porn sites ot nigerian graft opportunities is much more befuddling to an attacker than one
that just disappers, right?
George

@_date: 2001-12-03 17:26:19
@_author: with associated reputation 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Well, I thought so, but apparently not everyone does, since there's
been a certain amount of discussion as to whether a nym might be
sold (with associated reputation) and if so how it might be accomplished. OK, I like this as the basis of the value of a repuation  in the specific context of an entity that sells goods and services.
I think the concept of reputation in the sense of, say, something
that helps you identify posts worth reading is sufficiently
different as to merit separate discussion. But back to your
above statement. Obviously the value of the rep isn't the
extra you get from a single transaction.  Does it seem reasonable to say that  the total value of the rep should be the total
annual extra you get from having the rep times some constant?
I think technically it should be the discounted future value stream,
but I think that works out to be pretty much the same thing.

@_date: 2001-12-01 21:40:13
@_author: I can't see how there could be more than one 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
We're not disagreeing. By a "single" value I meant a universally
agreed upon value.  It's likely true that the owner of any item will
have a single value that he thinks he'll be out if that item is
destroyed (I can't see how there could be more than one),
but unless the item is a commodity, nobody else will know for
sure what that value is.

@_date: 2001-12-01 16:18:45
@_author: hypthetical, I can't really 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Not exactly.  You can pay a PR firm to try and help improve
your reputation, but that's not the same thing a reputation
pre-assembled and gift wrapped.  Most likely they'll just tell you
to wear more earth tones, which won't actually help.
I'm surprised I've gotten so much disagreement over this,
particularly since my original statement was much weaker than it could have been.  For reputation to have a single well defined
value it is necessary but not sufficient that there be a market
in reputations; it must be a COMMODITIZED market. think
that can happen?
Reputation is essentially a kind of credential.  If I've got a piece of
paper that says I can speak Navajo (hypthetical, I can't really)
and I sell that piece of paper, I won't lose the ability to speak Navajo, nor will the purchaser gain it.  A market in such pieces of paper would be self-destructive, since knowledge that such papers
are commonly bought and sold would quickly make the papers themselves worthless.
George

@_date: 2001-12-11 00:16:56
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: "Spoiling" digital cash 
An idea just popped into my head, I was wondering if
anyone had thought of this before. Most likely someone has,
and has either proven the idea is impossible or has figured
out how to do it.
Th idea is,  when buying some good or service with
digital cash,  the customer first forwards the cash to the vendor
in some transformed way such that the vendor can't yet spend it, but can verify that it is
good cash of the correct amount, and that the customer will no longer be able to spend it.
The idea is, if the vendor follows through on his side,
the customer will supply the additional information the
vendor will need to redeem the cash.  The customer can still
rip the vendor off by refusing to do so, but he has no incentive,
the money's already gone for him.  Conversely,  an
unscrupulous "vendor" could in principle trick a customer
into throwing away money on nothing,  but he would gain no profit
in doing so.
I realize the same effect is trivial to achieve if you have a mutually
trusted third party willing to act as escrow agent, but if you
don't, is there a a way to build this into a transfer protocol?

@_date: 2001-12-14 23:46:18
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Poor little child pornographer 
I was highly suspicious of these so-called
"Crime Victims for a Just Society", so I ran their
name through an anagram generator. The relevant match
was "COMMITS JUSTIFICATIVE SORCERY".
I trust the link to Eric Cordian and the OTO is now
clear to everyone.

@_date: 2001-12-19 01:55:46
@_author: subject to legal boundaries 
@_subject: Re: MS DRM OS 
I suspect that someone has pointed out to the sponsors how completely insane the SSSCA as drafted is, and they're
trying to figure out if it's possible to redraft the thing in
such a way that it retains its essence yet does not
outlaw electric toasters.  It's not. Nah; it just means that anyone making any electrical or mechanical
device for the next twenty years would have to pay Microsoft "Surely "is analogous to" is a reflective relation?

@_date: 2001-12-18 20:04:39
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Reg - Linotype copyright action on Adobe-format fonts 
Interesting article.  However, it appears that it's not the fonts themselves that are copyrightable, but rather the "code"
that draws them.  From the same article:
The fact that a computer program produces unprotectable typefaces does not make the computer program itself unprotectable," Whyte wrote in the decision, issued earlier this week. Font designers "make creative choices as to what points to select based on the image in front of them on the computer screen."
The judge explicitly states that the typefaces themselves are not
copyrightable,  and implies that other "code" which produces the same
effect would not be covered by the  copyright. Further, if it could be
shown that there really aren't any creative decisions being made
here, that any code that produces the same effect would have to
be essentially the same code, then presumably the judge's
decision would be overturned. I'm not being sarcastic with the
"presumably" here, so please ridicule me for my naivate, I need that
every now and then.
Personally, I think the judge is an idiot, that the amount of "creativity"
in deciding what reference points to use to vectorize a font is
about equal to the amount of "creativity" required to decide what
color to make the oceans on a world map, but I'm sure there are
fraphic design people who would vehemently disagree; "of course it
should be blue, but what exact shade of blue?"
Are you sure the font name isn't a trademark rather than a copyright?
That would seem to make a lot more sense, although come
to think of it, neither seems to make much sense.

@_date: 2001-12-19 01:46:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wired on e-gold 
Which illustrates why "cypherpunks write code".  Promises to protect your privacy aren't worth much. particularly when the
people who have the authority to enforce contracts are the ones
trying to get your info in the first place.
The only way to have good confidence that someone won't give out your personal info is if they don't have
your info. I'd ask for a source, but I really don't care that much.  Although would like to say that I suspect using "transactions" as
a metric is itself probably misleading.  It's like the dot bombs that
would have a volume of twice the number of outstanding shares
every day, yet 90% of the stock was never publically
traded. You could say the average share traded twice a day,
but that would be highly misleading. I'm not a real gold bug,
really I'm not, but I could play one fairly convincingly if I wanted to.
Gold bugs don't do a whole lot of transactions, they hold
their gold. Commodities traders and gold bugs are very different
animals, but if they wanted to appeal to commodities traders,
they should've called it e-pork-bellies.  If the idea was to
appeal to suckers trying to get rich quick,
maybe e-Hillary-Clinton-Cattle-futures. They love their own privacy, but hate other peoples'.
A thief would be very disappointed if he had no way of
knowing who was rich and who was poor.  How would he know
whom to profitably rob? A thief would love to know
who had guns and who didn't. Then he'd know whom
he could rob safely.  No they don't; remailer operators never get a clue what "a
substantial majority of the messages they send contain".
Rather, the only time they'll be made aware of what message they
carry contain is 1) if they're the last hop and 2) there's a complaint.
Only a tiny minority of messages will have both apply.
Total and unmitigated bullshit. In fact, everyone who isn't
an exhibitionist is hiding stuff most of the time, and most
of them are performing a public service in doing so.
This is backwards.  The reason that nobody insists, for example,
that Blockbuster not sell lists of what moves they've checked out
is not that they wouldn't care if this was done, but rather that
it wouldn't occur to them that such a thing might happen in the
first place. It is not true that only somone with a "nefarious purpose"
in mind would want that list kept confidential; rather, only somone
with a nefarious purpose would try to obtain such a list
on someone else in the first place.

@_date: 2001-12-19 01:46:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wired on e-gold 
Which illustrates why "cypherpunks write code".  Promises to protect your privacy aren't worth much. particularly when the
people who have the authority to enforce contracts are the ones
trying to get your info in the first place.
The only way to have good confidence that someone won't give out your personal info is if they don't have
your info. I'd ask for a source, but I really don't care that much.  Although would like to say that I suspect using "transactions" as
a metric is itself probably misleading.  It's like the dot bombs that
would have a volume of twice the number of outstanding shares
every day, yet 90% of the stock was never publically
traded. You could say the average share traded twice a day,
but that would be highly misleading. I'm not a real gold bug,
really I'm not, but I could play one fairly convincingly if I wanted to.
Gold bugs don't do a whole lot of transactions, they hold
their gold. Commodities traders and gold bugs are very different
animals, but if they wanted to appeal to commodities traders,
they should've called it e-pork-bellies.  If the idea was to
appeal to suckers trying to get rich quick,
maybe e-Hillary-Clinton-Cattle-futures. They love their own privacy, but hate other peoples'.
A thief would be very disappointed if he had no way of
knowing who was rich and who was poor.  How would he know
whom to profitably rob? A thief would love to know
who had guns and who didn't. Then he'd know whom
he could rob safely.  No they don't; remailer operators never get a clue what "a
substantial majority of the messages they send contain".
Rather, the only time they'll be made aware of what message they
carry contain is 1) if they're the last hop and 2) there's a complaint.
Only a tiny minority of messages will have both apply.
Total and unmitigated bullshit. In fact, everyone who isn't
an exhibitionist is hiding stuff most of the time, and most
of them are performing a public service in doing so.
This is backwards.  The reason that nobody insists, for example,
that Blockbuster not sell lists of what moves they've checked out
is not that they wouldn't care if this was done, but rather that
it wouldn't occur to them that such a thing might happen in the
first place. It is not true that only somone with a "nefarious purpose"
in mind would want that list kept confidential; rather, only somone
with a nefarious purpose would try to obtain such a list
on someone else in the first place.

@_date: 2001-12-19 02:56:02
@_author: for now 
@_subject: Re: MS DRM OS Begets SSSCA 
I know he's theoretically one of the good guys, but for some reason
Godwin pisses me off.  More likely Finns just won't come to the US, and the software
industry will move to Hong Kong or  Thailand or Costa Rica
or basically anywhere but here.  Stupid fucks.  Software can be written anywhere, so why is so much written here in the
high cost of labor USA, in particular in the San Fran Fucking
Cisco bay area? Well, people do kinda like it here for whatever
reason, but writing software is one of the few things that you can
do that is still (for now) almost completely unregulated.  Anything
remotely resembling the SSSCA would be the kiss of death for the
American software industry, and worse. The day the SSSCA passes is the day I tell Tim May, "I'm sorry I once considered
you an extremist, if anything you weren't extreme enough.
Fuck it to death, and keep fucking the corpse."
But I don't think that day will ever come.

@_date: 2002-01-23 22:11:39
@_author: let alone unchanging for life 
@_subject: Detweiller vs. cyphepunks 
Kind of an interesting read.  I find it kind of odd that Detweiller
seems to assert that "cypherpunks" were unanimous in
denying the existence of "true names" and regarding
statements about the "truthfulness" of identity statements as being
meaningless. I wouldn't expect such monolithic opinions on
cypherpunks on any issues, but particularly not those ones.
Having said that, it seems to me that, assuming Detweiller is
accurately stating his own opinions (I tend to find it a little
disconcerting when people write about themselves in the
third person like he is apparently doing; I'm not sure if he
means to imply that "the Detweiller who wrote is reviweing
this has somewhat different opinions form the Detweiller being reviewed", but it reads that way to me.  Which is really odd since
it would seem to contradict the notions he seems to hold about
the unchanging nature of identity), I think at least some
of what he is saying is pretty clearly just plain wrong.
Although it is undeniable that certain individuals have
identifiers that they would regard as being their "true names",
other individuals simply don't.  Whether or not there is any value
to the concept of a "true name", the idea that each individual
has such a thing as his or her true name at any point in time
(let alone unchanging for life) is simply contradicted by
real world experiences.  I would think that would be the end of that
particular discussion.
George

@_date: 2002-01-11 21:05:31
@_author: ret 
@_subject: Re: Olympic Jewells: Utah = UK 
I bet that guy's kicking himself in the ass after that quote.
I'm sure what he meant to imply was "there's nothing you'll
see that makes you think we're turning the place into a police state"
rather than what it comes out as sounding like, "there's a police state, you just won't see it". I'll feel right at home too...because I'll be staying home!
One of life's little ironies is that the reason that security
was so crappy at the 72 olympics was that Germany wanted to
announce to the world "we're not Nazis anymore!
See, no police state!"
There's probably a moral to the story, but I'm not learning anything.

@_date: 2002-01-09 02:21:48
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Pigeonhole principle 
No, it's s statement of mathematical fact, easily understandable
by anyone of average intelligence with a little thought.
The piegonhole principle states that if there are N pigeonholes
and  M > N objects that have to be stuffed into the
piegonholes, at least one of the pigeonholes will have to contain
more than one object.
Any compression algorithm is a mapping between files.
Therefore, there CANNOT exist an algorithm which will
compress all files.  Because there are always twice as many
bit patterns N + 1 bits long as there are bit patterns N bits
Clear enough?
If not, consider this (which Eric also mentioned in his
original post): If you really had an algorithm that could compress
ANY file to 1/100 its size, you could run the output data through
the algorithm again and get something 1/10000 the size of the
original file.  Now, the philsophically inclined might point out that,
although there cannot exist an algorithm which can compress
all files, and that any given "compression" algorithm is highly
unlikely to be able to compress a truly random file,
nonetheless there are no specific files of which you can
say, "this file is uncompressible", since you could always
devise an algorithm specifically designed to compress
that particular file (for example, by mapping it to a file of zero length
and mapping all other files to themselves with an extra 0 on the ebd).  To which the paractical man replies, "you're in a balloon
about 20 feet off the ground".
George

@_date: 2002-01-06 15:18:32
@_author: law abuse 
@_subject: Re: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
Generally, asking questions like "where does the state spend
lottery money on" is committing an error.  If the sate gets more money earmarked for a specific pirpose, it spends less from general revenue for that purpose.  Essentially, it's all general I think states do the same thing. Certainly in those states where the
staes run the liquor stores they must admit that they keep their
monopoly 1) for the money and 2) because they can.
I think the real differences are 1) the mafia gives a much better payoff and 2) the state advertises the hell out of the lottery
and sell their tickets everywhere.  Therefore, the state ropes
in a lot of suckers that probably aren't as inclined to
gamble, whereas the mafia pretty much only gets
fools who are dtermined to gamble. I have a hard time believing the numbers are anywhere near this close. I think 40% is probably a more realistic number for state
lotteries that 50%, and as for the mafia, 60% seems incredibly low.
Nobody would go to a bookie that gave less than 90%  payoff,
and casino-style games tend to have like 97% payoff.
Comes with assimilation I guess.

@_date: 2002-01-06 03:01:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Ersatz Chick Thing 
Here's my theory: some time back in High School, or maybe Junior
High, your least favorite teacher dogmatically asserted that it is
impossible to be a journalist without writing comprehensibly,
and on that day you vowed that you would prove that motherfucker wrong if it took the rest of your life.
Dude, you've made your point, and the motherfucker is probably dead by now anyway.  Let it be.

@_date: 2002-01-06 02:51:40
@_author: I could have invented it myself if it hadn't been invented already 
@_subject: Re: Cpunks Lauded 
I don't think anyone claims that it "must have been".  Rather,
the idea that it might have been, or might be useful for future terrorists, is sufficient to demonize it.  Similarly, the 9/11
terrorists didn't use guns, but everyone knows terrorists use guns,
The idea of cryptography as munitions isn't just metaphor or,
if it is, it's a really really good metaphor.
I'd rank it number 2, after key based encryption. But the concept
of key-based encryption seems to me to be relatively obvious
(I could have invented it myself if it hadn't been invented already)
whereas the idea of public key encryption seems
(to me at least) to be counterintuitive and utterly brilliant.
To the extent that paranoia represents a genuine disorder, paranoia refers not to an excessive amount of distrust or precaution-
taking, but rather an unrealistic assesment of risks. Carrying a gun
around alll the time isn't paranoid.  Carrying around cobra antivenom
is (assuimng you have no particular reason to expect cobra The idea that there could be a back door in something as basic as the CONCEPT of public key encryption strikes me as being absurd.
I'd call it "irrelevant" rather than "suspicious".  Any time an academic cryptologist discovers something (PK encryption,
linear cryptanalysis, differential cryptanalysis..) there's always
some spook there claiming he knew about it years earlier.
Maybe it's true, maybe it isn't, who cares? If you make a discovery and hide it, you may as well not have made it, and that really
is all there is to say on that particular issue.

@_date: 2002-01-17 03:30:31
@_author: Guffaw 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Haven't checked the gzip site in a long time, but last time I did
there was some amusing stuff there.  The guy who wrote it
(gzip) mentioned that he had had to spend a lot more time
investigating patents than investigating compression techniques
(to make sure that gzip didn't step on any), as I recall he found
several differnt patents claiming to have algorithms for compressing
random data (which he quite rightly dismissed as the equivalent of
perpetual motion).
One (already patented) technique was essentially moving the data
from the file to the filename.  That is, I take a file called
"Readme.txt" with the info "Hello World", and I rename the
file as "Readme_Hello world.txt" and the file is now zero length!
I suspect the ZeoSync people are trying something similar.
George

@_date: 2002-01-09 20:43:49
@_author: Guffaw 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
I'll try this one last time and then give up on you.
Any algorithm which maps files onto files will be AT LEAST
as likely to increase the size of files as to decrease their size
if fed random data.  Further, the chance of being able to
significantly decrease the size of a file derived from a random source with any given algorithm is vanishingly small
(since there are 256 tomes as many N byte files as there are N - 1 byte files, the
odds of a random file being compressible by a single byte by a given algorithm can't be any better than 1 in 256.  The odds
of being able to compress it by two bytes ae even worse). No.  Unlucky with virtually all of them.  There aren't words to describe how unlikely it is that a 1 megabyte file of random data
could be compressed by a factor of 100 by any given algorithm.
It's not like winning the lottery.  It's not even like
winning the lottery 100 times in a row.  We're talking
vastly improbable.

@_date: 2002-01-08 20:33:04
@_author: Guffaw 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
A meaningless question.  As Eric correctly points out, true
random input simply cannot be compressed, it doesn't matter
how clever you are or how much time and computing power you
have access to.  Converseley, if you're just intereted in "compressing"  the results of your own pseudo-random number
generator, it's trivial to do it instantly, just store the seed
and the desired file size.

@_date: 2002-01-09 20:17:32
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Godel's Theorem 
Maybe I'm oversimplifying, but it seems to me that Godel's
theorem follows trivilaly once you've heard of Cantor's
diagonal slash.  As I understand it, Godel's theorem says
in essence that in any system complex enough to include the
irrational numbers there must be statements which are true in that
system but which cannot be proven in that sytem.  But since
there are uncountably many irrational numbers,
there are uncountably many statements of the form
A=A  which are true but which cannot be expressed with a finite
number of symbols.

@_date: 2002-01-12 17:45:30
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Appeal to ignorance 
That's not a bad page, but it makes what I consider to be an error
in that it attempts to distinguish between the fallicy of
appeal to ignorance and the more valid line of reasoning
called the auto-epistemic (an example given being  "If there really were a large and unusual type of animal in Loch Ness, then we would have undeniable evidence of it by now We don't have undeniable evidence of a large, unfamiliar animal in Loch Ness. 
Therefore, there is no such animal.".) But actually, these lines of reasoning are formally the same.
The difference is whether or not you are willing to accept the
premise "we've looked enough that we'd find it if it were there"
as valid.  My point is that this really isn't a question of good or bad
reasoning, it's a question of disagreement over fact.
We all agree that "extraordinary claims require extraordinary
proof".  But just how extraordinary is the claim that
Sharon said something incredibly stupid?  there would have been an official denial,  but it appears that
this is based on the fact that the quote only appeared in a couple
small papers, and that he would accept Eric's reasoning as valid
if the quote had appeared in more, larger papers.  Eric's idea that
the US media is all afraid of the pro-Israel lobby suggests that
we should look for this quote in papers published outside
the US.  I was curious about this alleged quote, and in fact I
was able to find a citation in a large well-known paper published
outside the US.  That publication is known as "Pravda".
Eric is going way out on a limb for no good reason on this one.
Evidence for the quote appears to me to be shakey at best,
whereas I think there's pretty solid evidence of Saron doing
far worse than making that stupid statement anyway.  For example, on a lark I typed "crimes ariel sharon" into google
just to see what it would come up with, and by one of life's
little amusing coincidences, among 20,000 other hits was this
one from amnesty international urging Sharon be tried for
war crimes allegedly commited during the occupation of Lebanon
What's so funny about that, you ask? The date is Oct 3 2001!
.

@_date: 2002-01-21 20:24:51
@_author: of original message 
@_subject: Re: Backscatter X-ray system. 
I think it's worth noting that the detectors have to be
physically large and in certain positions relative to the
body being scanned i.e. this system could
 replace metal detectors at airports,
but it's not like they can be surreptitiously be deployed
all over the place.

@_date: 2002-02-23 18:32:00
@_author: kinda long, sorry 
@_subject: RE: When Nannies Rule the Net (kinda long, sorry) (fwd) 
I'm not agreeing with anyone here, but you should be aware that
nobody nobody actually does what your describing.  What
they do is,  they subscribe to some service that provides them
with a list of known spammers, and delete all mail from those
sources.  Possibly they also delete all mail with forged return
addresses.  Actually reading the mail and making content-based
filtering decisions would be absurdly expensive, particularly for
a free service.
George

@_date: 2002-02-14 19:21:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [Reformatted]  freedom of speech, religion WINS in HA mandatory  youth 
Should make giving speeches easier.  They say the secret to
avoiding nervousness is to picture the audience naked.  That
should be a lot easier if they really are naked!

@_date: 2002-02-11 20:14:56
@_author: which also gave English schism  and schist 
@_subject: Etymology 
No doubt you meant "shite".  "Shiite" is a branch of
Islam.  Most politicians are clearly not devout Muslims,
as evidenced by their fondness for pork.
In any case,  you cpuldn't tell that from the etymology.
The word "politics", of course, comes from "poly"
meaning many and "ticks" which are blood sucking insects.

@_date: 2002-02-09 20:16:49
@_author: AP 
@_subject: Re: Cruel and unusual punishment. 
Why give them three strikes?  Why not remove them the
first time?
Of course, whether they're removed after the first, third, or
hundredth strike, you still have the problem that whether
or not a law is ruled unconstitutional by the courts has
only a weak correlation with whether or not the law is in fact
Constitutional. Going back to the earlier case, I suspect it'll be overturned by the
supremes.  Lawyer types correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe
the SC has consistently held that the ban on cruel and
unusual punishment only bans certain punishments
for any offenses (torture, maiming, branding), it doesn't ban
excessive punishment for any particular crime, except where money is involved.  Certainly that view is consistent with the
Amendment VIII
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.

@_date: 2002-02-12 20:31:06
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Sheeple Land With Hands on Heads 
Forgive me for being absurd, but is there a limit to the number
of copilots a plane can have?  I mean, if the pilot and the first
three co-pilots happened to die of old age simultaneously,
it'd make sense to have a fourth copilot as a back-up,

@_date: 2002-02-14 20:40:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Mercs 
So does that mean right now it's legal for mercs
to operate in the UK without a license?

@_date: 2002-02-14 21:38:53
@_author: public-private key pair 
@_subject: Preventing double spending 
Chaum's digital cash system in several places seems to rely on the customer affirmitively identify himself to the bank,
for example in order to prevent double spending.  I think
this would represent a fatal flaw for the adoption of such a system,
because 1) many potential early adopters wouldn't be willing to trust
the system not to somehow "leak" the identity and 2) in any case, would be unwilling to identify themselves as users of the system, certainly unwilling to reveal how much digital cash they were As I've said elsewhere, I think the best way to aquire digital cash
is to buy it with cash while wearing a Nixon mask.
But this means the system requires vastly higher levels of
reliability.  If there can be no penalty imposed for being caught
attempting to cheat, well, a lot of people are going to try,
and I'm not sure if it's realistic to claim the system can be
sufficiently reliable that none would even succeed.
Another problem is, in a free-banking world, it's quite likely that
many banks will themselves cheat given a chance.  All sorts of potential problems here, but I think at bare minimum you'd like to be able to
ask for some kind of proof if the bank tells you, "that coin's
no good, it's been spent already".
So here's my idea: the customer has to buy coins in batches of
size 100.  He creates an identity (public-private key pair) for
that batch.  He has to generate something like 1000 coins and
the bank uses the cut-and-choose protocol to verify that all the
coins correspond to the same identity.
Now comes the part that I don't know hoe to do, and the question is this even possible?  The idea is, that these coins aren't the same as
typical Chaumian coins, they are supposed to retain the property
that, assuming they're only spent once, they can't be correlated with each
other, but if someone attempts to spend a coin twice, not only will
his "identity" be revealed, but it will also become possible
to recognize coins issued to the same "identity" and invalidate them all
when the cheater attempts to use them.
Has anyone proposed something like this before?  Is it even George

@_date: 2002-02-16 17:17:49
@_author: a 
@_subject: Re: On NOT publishing the public half of a key-pair 
actually it doesn't.
there are ways around this also
 (c), in existing implementations of PGP, it is
Allow me to clarify my point.  I wasn't actually suggesting anyone do anything in particular,  all I was saying is that if you don't
publish your public key, and in particular if you use a separate
public key for each person with whom you correspond, you're
not really gaining any conceptual benefit from using public key encryption.  Obviously if you're using PGP you do things
the way PGP does things whether or not it makes any sense in
your particular application.
Right, and that's great when it's convenient.  But if for some reason I
want to send encryptd mail to someone n, say, finland, I'd
rather not have to travel to finland to swap keys with him if
I can avoid it.

@_date: 2002-02-16 02:15:00
@_author: ret 
@_subject: Re: On NOT publishing the public half of a key-pair 
You could do this, of course, but if you're going to use a separate
public key for each person you correspond with, it kind of
defeats the purpose of public key encryption.   Why not just skip the public key phase which, after all, is only used to exchange a symmetric session key anyway?
Or maybe to people who think it's a lot less trouble to just publish
it once and be done with it than go to the trouble of sending a sepearate message to each person with whom they choose to correspond containing the public key.  Particularly since, if
THEY haven't published a public key, you'll have to either
send them your key in the clear anyway or deliver it to
them physically.

@_date: 2002-03-30 14:20:52
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: network topology considerations 
Is this really true for peoples' home machines?  I had the impression that with a typical asymmetric connection
you've got a big slow bottleneck going upstream to your
isp, and maybe another bottleneck at the far end, but
pretty much you get the same throughput no matter where
the other end is. Although come to think of it I think I
made a contrary assumption earlier.
George

@_date: 2002-03-24 23:18:29
@_author: what does "surface" mean here anyway? 
@_subject: Re: design considerations for distributed storage networks 
I think there's something sort of backwards here.  Distributed publishing requires nodes to be willing to host data that they
have no particular interest in, and generally no direct access to.
There's no difficulty in principle in automatically injecting data,
writing a routine that goes through a subdirectory structure
and publishes all the files would be pretty trivial.  The problem
is that you'd only get metadata if people go to the trouble to
write it up, but you get the same problem with
shared files.
Thinking about this, there's no particular reason why the same newtork couldn't incorporate elements of both.
That is, if I have the equivalent of a mojo nation block server
on my machine, and also have a shared director with whatever in it,
there's no reason my mojo nation server shouldn't be able to
look in my shared directory, check the hashes of the files there and compare them with data from a publication tracker, and
tell the publication tracker that I can serve blocks from any
of those files. There were two problems with the "mojo" aspect of mojo nation,
either of which would prove fatal to the concept as envisioned:
1) Running a mojo server and doing nothing would in general cost
mojo rather than acumulating mojo and
2) Accumulating mojo wasn'r worth anything.
Your conclusion may or may not be true, but it certainly isn't
proven by mojo nation.
I think you're confusing actual libertarians with ignorant strawman
stereotypes of libertarians, but whatever.

@_date: 2002-03-20 22:10:50
@_author: Wiki-Wii net 
@_subject: CodeCon 
IMO the most interesting/useful thing is the
wireless stuff Jon is doing (Wiki-Wii net).
The Peek-a-booty thing, which for some reason
a lot of people think is the cat's pajamas, completely unimpressed me.  I think they went to a hell of a lot of work to
make a very complex system that in essence is just
an http proxy server.  They don't have any innovative answer
to the really hard problem  (how do you make these gateway
type things available to users without getting yourself on the
censors' "block" list), I suspect there is no answer.
The legal keeping yourself out of trouble panel I found kind of
interesting, but it wasn't clear to me in some parts whether the
lawyer types were themselves clueless or whether they were ilustrating the kind of fucked up thinking that judges might
exhibit.  What I'm thinking of is,  one of the presenters
had a project (Aspen?  something like that as I recall) that
rated connected peers as to "quality" and booted "low
quality" peers out of "peer groups".  The lawyer types seemed to
think that programs making that kind of value judgement
implied a sort of editorial control and put you in a worse position
if your progs are used to swap copyrighted files.  But the guy
wasn't talking about software that could make legal, ethical,
or aesthetic judgements, all it was doing was counting bits
uploaded vs bits download, and if you upload too much to someone
without downloading anything back, you conclude he's a leech
and pour salt on him.
The VM thing might have been interesting, the presentation
was so incoherent I couldn't tell.
The image recognition thing (Ikon?) was kind of interesting in principal, but at it's current state the only thing it can do
is match a full size image with a thumbnail.  It will not match two
pictures of the same thing which are identical except for exposure times.  So I think it's fair to say it needs work.
Brahm's BitTorrent is probably the most practical thing right now.
It was a good conference for that too. Including two "now  that the statue of limitations are up I can tell you" remarks, and groundwork
laid for at least one more a few years down the road. I hope your reviews are more coherent than mine.
I just read _cyberselfish_, which has a whole chapter on
cyperpunks.  Really not too bad a read, if you
manage to suppress the nausea induced by her constant whining about these mean libertarian types who just don't
George

@_date: 2002-03-01 17:52:15
@_author: ... 
@_subject: Re: Interesting new cipher patent 
The full text is available at the PTO.
As I understand it, in essence it's pretty much
equivalent to the old idea of using a real random number generator to make a OTP, then sending the (encrypted)
OTP and also the message XORed with the OTP, so the
message sent ends up being twice as long as the plaintext.

@_date: 2002-03-03 18:34:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: P2P Psyops & DOS 
Why it's important to stop using the old product anyway.
Given the security problems that existed in the old
version which they had time to look at, I'm not sure
how much confidence it's reasonable to have in the
safety of using this emergency release.  In fact,
if not for the graph in Al's other post, I'd say only the
hardiest of fools would be sufficently foolhardy to be
among the first testers of this new version.  But apparently
there's no shortage of fools.  Learn something new every day.
In a related issue, slashdot reports that MusicCity is
apparently violating their licence from gnucleus by not
releasing the source for their client.  Seems to me that
releasing this would be a good idea anyway, as it would go a
long way toward assuring users that the client is ok.
George

@_date: 2002-03-20 22:28:20
@_author: or should 
@_subject: Re: List analysis. 
Nonetheless, others will attack your classification, starting with me!
For the most part, I agree with your classification (and not just
because my only post made it into the coveted "signal" category),
but I think you made a clear error in putting the "meta discussions"
posts into the "noise" category.  As evidence, I submit your
very post to which I am now replying.  Clearly it falls
into the "meta discussions" category, but if you seriously it to be noise you wouldn't have posted it, right? Or are you deliberately posting noise? why would you do such a thing?
But that's a very different question.  I try to keep my posts on
topic, but that doesn't mean anyone does (or should) consider them worth reading.

@_date: 2002-03-28 00:56:32
@_author: maybe wrong 
@_subject: Re: network topology 
Yeah, I think what I was describing was more or less what
they call a hypercube, or maybe just a cube.
I'm not one of those people that
can actually envision multidimensional structures, so I only
know "this is a 4-cube" if I see the coordinates.
I got the impression (maybe wrong) that guntella as it exists is
something much worse than a tree, that connections are
pretty much haphazard and when you send out a query it reaches
the same node by multiple paths, and that you really need the
query ID to keep from forwarding massive duplicates.

@_date: 2002-03-27 21:08:57
@_author: all those with addresses 1234xx 
@_subject: network topology 
I've been thinking a little lately about network topologies
and peer-to-peer.  What reading I've done seems to indicate that
most networks either have no organizational structure to them
at all or have some sort of dictated hierarchy.  But it's
possible to have quite a lot of organization without anything like
a hierarchy.
Here's a simple example of what I'm talking about:
I've got a network of 1 million nodes, each of which has
an address 0-999999.  For now, we won't ask how one goes about
attaining an address.  The network is divided into "clusters"
of 100 and "superclusters" of 10,000.  I'm assuming there aren't
any persistent connections.  Imagine my nodes address is 123456.
Imagine I wanted to query all the nodes in the network.
I would directly query all the nodes in my cluster
(all those with addresses 1234xx), one node in each cluster in my
supercluster (for example, I'd query all nodes with addresses of the
form 12xx56) and one node in each supercluster other than my
own (for example, all nodes of the form xx3456).
So I'd query 300 nodes directly (297 for the persnickety),
the 100 nodes in the other cluster would each have to make 100
second generation queries, and the 100 nodes I contact in the
other superclusters would each have to make 100 second generation queries leading to third generation queries.
Of course in practice I would have to make a lot more queries,
because some of the nodes would be unavailable.  But the point is,
assuming all the nodes which are running forward queries properly,
I should only have to actually talk to 300 nodes as described
above and, more importantly, none of the nodes should ever be subjected to a dupliacte query from me.
Note that there's no hierarchy here, all nodes are treated equally.
Node 129956 is sort of acting as a "gateway" for me to
cluster 1299xx, but only for me (and 10000 other people).
Of course, this kind of structure could be made with any number of
"levels" of clustering.
I don't recall ever having read of this type of structure before,
but it seems so obvious that I'm sure it's been discussed before.
So is there a name for it? Does anyone use it? has it been
shown to be utterly worthless?

@_date: 2002-03-28 18:39:50
@_author: Re: network topology 
@_subject: Re: gnutella's problems (Re: network topology) 
Actually, the gnucleus client will do both of these,
so presumably the gnutella morpheus does also since
it's based on gnucleus.   I think the idea (used in alpine) of using UDP for search queries
and only establishing a persistent connection when you actually want to transfer a file is a good one.

@_date: 2002-03-29 01:53:25
@_author: 202 
@_subject: Re: DOJ press release: Visa offshore records to be turned over 
Minor correction:  as was previously pointed out,  a "John Doe
summons" is a summins for a particular person suspected of
a specific crime, whose identity is unknown.  The proper
legal term for this type of warrant is a "writ of assistance".

@_date: 2002-03-29 21:24:25
@_author: ret 
@_subject: Re: Celsius 451 -the melting point of Cat-5   Re: network 
Techology doesn't know morality.  There's no way to make
service that's available to the general public but not
to spooks,  that's for certain.  Maybe you can find some way
to issue non-forgeable, unstealable, rubber-hose-proof
"I am not a spook" credentials.  But then holders of such credentials
would no longer be the general public.
I don't think they can do that. OTOH, I think they can go after individuals
"sharing" copyrighted stuff on their machines.  I kind of expect them
to sue some random schmuck in order to
"make an example" of him, I'm kind of surprised it hasn't happened But this won't solve the problem.  Any technique that would allow
a member of the general public to find a gnutella server
(or whatever) could also be used by and LEO or a RIAA
lawyer or whatever.

@_date: 2002-03-29 21:00:55
@_author: assuming it's out there 
@_subject: network topology considerations 
I'd like to discuss what the considerations are for
network topology.  The particular topology
I mentioned (which I've since been convinced
isn't really a cube or torus after all) was
designed with the idea that it's important to
be able to reliably query the entire network
without sending any nodes duplicate queries.
I'm not sure how important these considerrations really are, though.  I got the impression that
there are huge numbers of duplicate queries sent to the
same node by multiple paths in the current gnutella network,
but this may be lessa problem than I think it is.  Also,
as the number of nodes in the network becomes large,
it clearly becomes impossible for every query to
reach ever node, and besides, this isn't really desirable
if you're getting lots of hits.
I get the impression that network design generally starts off
with the assumption that you've got data that is intended to
go to a particular place, and a "good" design is one where
you can get your data there in a small number of hops while avoiding creating any bottlenecks.  But the criteria for
a p2p file sharing network are very differnt;  you're not trying
to query any particular node, you just want to query a sufficent number of nodes such that you find what you're looking for
(assuming it's out there).
The implications I get from this are:
1) if you're looking for something pretty common, there's
really very little point in querying much of the network.
I think maybe if I query packet included a "hits so far" stat as
well as a time to live (BTW, does anyone else think "time to live"
should be "time to die"?) and stop forawrding the query when the
hits passes some threshhold.  Of course, you're only seeing hits along one particular branch at  at time, so it may turn out that
you very seldom see enough hits on one branch for this number to be 2)If we accept the fact that most queries will only reach a small
piece of the network, then if we want to find something relatively obscure we should either have some way of designating some as being "special" and needing/deserving wider distribution
(vast potential for abuse here) or we'd like to ensure that
if we requery we will hit a distinct (and ideally disjoint)
subset of the network.
what are the other important considerations?
what are the implications for network topology?

@_date: 2002-04-28 15:09:37
@_author: Re: Fear and Futility at  CodeCon 
@_subject: RE: p2p and asymmetric bandwidth (Re: Fear and Futility at  CodeCon) 
As I recall, the reptile guy said the reason he was using the
jdk 1.4 beta was its support for IPv6.

@_date: 2002-04-12 20:47:37
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Google API 
Google released a beta of the API to access its database today.
Unfortunately the ResultElement object doesn't include anything
like a message digest of the cached URL.

@_date: 2002-04-12 01:37:37
@_author: virtual "platinum pieces" 
@_subject: Game money 
I'd take numbers like that with a hefty grain of salt, though.
Take the current exchange rate of Everquest Platinum to
pictures of George Wahington you can get on Ebay, multiply
by the total number of platinum pieces, and you get...
a meaningless result.  Only a very small fraction of
Everquest players would pay any amount of "real"
money for Everquest money;  there's no paticular reason to
believe the game is more fun with richer or stronger characters,
and most people would think that it decreases their enjoyment
of the game to aquire powerful characters in this way.
Then again, what do I know, I thought the game just plain sucked.
I suspect, though, that in the not too distant future the price of
Everquest currency will precipitously plummet.  Players may
feel that it's immoral or no fun to buy characters and gear,
but they probably won't have any problem with selling them
when they're tired of the game.  And the pricing model for playing
strongly encourages quitting "cold turkey".

@_date: 2002-04-09 21:43:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: New breed spam filter slashes junk email 
Sounds like it should work quite well at eliminating spam
targeted directly at the user.  Probably not much risk
of an actual personal message looking enough like s spam
message to get flagged.
But for distribution lists I think there's substantial risk.
Potentially would-be censors could block
posts as alleged spam.  Also, there's a major security concern.  The article didn't
say whether users would have to keep a complete
copy of the spam database on their local machines
or whether they'd have to upload each mail message to the
servers with the database, but I think they'd have to do one or the
other, and each has obvious drawbacks.
(It should be safe to just upload a hash of each message received and compare that to the database, but even that has some risks,
and besdies, I got the impression they wanted to do a more thorough comparison.  Checking hashes could easily be defeated
by appending a separate random string to each copy of the
message anyway).
All in all, I vastly prefer hashcash.

@_date: 2002-04-02 19:16:10
@_author: i.e., a lack of negative comments 
@_subject: re: Reputable E-Gold Funded Debit Cards? 
I didn't know where ".st" referrs to, so I looked it up.
Apparently it's Sao Tome and Principe,
so I still don't know.
Mr Geographically impaired.

@_date: 2002-04-09 20:06:16
@_author: to fit the machines 
@_subject: Re: all about transferable off-line ecash (Re: Brands 
I think you're in the minority.  And stores don't want to have
to as "paper or brass" every time they make change, they'll
want to give customers one or the other.
That may be true, but it certainly illustrated here.  "Our appointed
masters" at the mint are the ones who WANT us to use the
"new currency" because it saves them money.  It's the stores and
the people that don't use or want them.
Next time you get singles in change, you might want to ask if
you can have dollar coins instead, just to see what reaction you get. You might want to ask if anyone else has ever asked that also.

@_date: 2002-04-09 19:53:39
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: all about transferable off-line ecash (Re: Brands off-line 
Yeah, but is that because people want it, or because the treasury
wants it?  They've been trying to foist dollar coins on
US for years because they're cheaper (last forever and cost
about a dime to make vs. last about a year and cost maybe 3 cents
to make) but people hate them and don't use them.

@_date: 2002-04-10 22:39:57
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Coins vs. bills 
You're not supposed to keep currency, you're supposed to spend it.
I generally prefer the bills to coins, because the coins make an
annoying jjingle jangle and also wear out my pockets.
Now that everyone knows that even coins are only of symbolic
value, I don't see why they don't make them out of plastic.
They'd be lighter, clink less, they could come in all sorts of
pretty colors, and as long as they use a good quality plastic they
shouldn't wear out too fast.
OTOH, it'd be kind of embarrassing if wooden nickles
were made from a highre quality material than
"real ones".  But they'd probably stop calling them nickles if
they didn't have any nickle at all in them and didn't
even look like nickle.

@_date: 2002-04-11 21:19:32
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: overcoming ecash deployment problems (Re: all about 
It's like this: transformers work for AC and not for DC.
Losses in transmission only depend on current, so if you
can send high voltage low current through your transmission
lines and then transform down at the other end you get less transmission losses. Yes, the high voltage transmission lines were deadlier to squirrels.
Lighting was the killer app for electricity, and it'll work fine off
DC or AC.  Motors will also (just make sure you have the right kind of motor), but if you just can have one thing coming
out of your walls you're much better off with AC, even if most
of your appliances work off DC, because it's easier to transform
and recify AC to get a specific DC voltage than it is to do a DC-DC trasnformation.  The only way you'd be better off with DC
coming out of your walls would be if not only did all your stuff work
off DC, but it all worked off the same DC voltage.
I think you'll find that every place in the world that has power
has AC coming out of its walls, even ones that just got
electricity recently.  It's not a historic accident, it's
I hear that the primitives in Europe use 50 Hz AC.  Our 60 Hz
is clearly superior, because we need smaller transformers
and capacitors to get the same effect.  I had an idea for something
even better than 60 Hz AC once, but I've forgotten what it
George

@_date: 2002-04-24 19:07:34
@_author: if much slower 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
This is putting sillines on top of silliness.  It's true that in principle
that the decimal expansion of pi has an infinite number of digits,
but any practical implementation of a PRNG based on pi
would still have to have a finite number of accessable states.
That is, to get the infinite cycle, you'd have to have some method of
generating a uniform random integer 0 to infinity for the
initial state, and you'd need an infinite amount of memory
to store  the current internal state.  Neither of which
is acheivable ion practice.
Conversely, a PRNG whose cycle is "only" 2^256 bits long
will never repeat itself during the lifetime of the device, or
the lifetime of the universe for that matter.

@_date: 2002-04-22 00:08:03
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation: Q for Eugene 
To me choosing the seed and the mathematics of a PRNG are conceptually separate.  The seed of the square root prng is
only "easy to guess" if you assume it's a small number.
Of course, finding the square root of a 100 digit number to a precision of hundreds of decimal places is a lot of computational
effort for no good reason.
BTW, the original poster seemed to be under the delusion that
a number had to be prime in order for its square to be irrational,
but every integer that is not a perfect square has an irrational square root (if A and B are mutually prime, A^2/B^2 can't be

@_date: 2002-04-21 19:27:52
@_author: ret 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation: Q for Eugene 
Yes.  If you know what PRNG somebody is using and you know the
seed you know the output.  Seems to me the best a PRNG
could hope to get is a situation where, looking at a long stream
of output, there's no way of predicting the future output that's
more efficient than guessing the initial seed.  I don't think
achieving that is all that hard in practice.

@_date: 2002-04-24 20:41:31
@_author: microscopically 
@_subject: Re: Quantum mechanics, England, and Topos Theory 
I can explain why people might think it were.  You could imagine
that due to feedback mechanisms or statistical averaging,
these small uncertainties tend to cancel each other
out, provided you're confining your interest to macroscopic
observables.  For example, when a sheep dies you get more
grass for the remaining sheep, which gets you more sheep again,
so you can do a reasonable job of predicting sheep population
without knowing anything about the fates of individual sheep.
Similarly, if i cut a fart in an elevator,  there's no telling where an
indvidual stink molecule will go, but in not too long they'll
be more or less uniformly spread throughout the elevator.
I can't see how anyone would believe you would ever be able to
predict, say, radio static.  But I think 50 years ago
most people believed that in principle you could predict
the weather arbitrarily far into the future.  And there are still
people who believe you can predict stock prices based
solely on the squiggles.  These people are called "technical
traders" by themselves and "fools" by others.
George

@_date: 2002-04-30 21:02:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
I think, though, that it wouldn't be too hard to find a bunch of people
that agree that Person X is a hell of a lot more likely to
commit a crime than Person Y.  The point of this data mining, I
gather, is not to actually predict individual crimes (which
is probably impossible even in principle and definitely impossible
in practice) but rather to devide the populace into
"sheeple" who only need occasional monitioring to ensure that
they continue to fit the sheeple profile and "potential future criminals" who would be subject to more extensive monitoring.
The problem with selling a system like this to the public is
how to convince them that the system won't be branding as "future criminals" people who have not committed a crime
and quite likely never will based on such things as what
restaurants they eat at or what books they read, when in fact
that is precisely what the system is designed to do.  I think the LEOs and sheeple would be willing to accept the general rule that anyone who has lots of money to spend yet has no declared legitimate source of income is probably some kind
of criminal.  With a sufficiently broad definition of "criminal".
the reasoning is actually pretty good.
No doubt.
I think the kind of "abuses" that they're trying to "safeguard"
against are things like an IRS agent triggering an audit on a neighbor in retalliation for playing the stereo too loud. As
opposed to auditing someone because playing music too
loud is part of the tax evader profile, which would be completely
proper.  I hope the distinction is clear. It might be amusing to speculate as to what the result
would have been had they attempted to choose the second option.
Or maybe not.
I think this comes from different meanings of the word political.
To most people, this means lobbying legislators or fighting
court cases,  maybe even carrying big signs at rallies.  I'm
pretty confident this isn't what you have in mind
Well, obviously a Maoist would feel that any strong crypto would have to have keys escrowed with party officials, and the knowledge
of crypto should be restricted to those with the appropriate
clearences.  Basically, the stuff that Dorothy Denning says.
Can't possibly be.  The idea that the details of one's perfect
life must be available for scrutiny by officials is already
an abombination; the only reason people would tolerate
it is that they don't care who knows what toothpaste they buy.
But it is precisely those details of one's life which one would
very much like to keep secret that the state would feel they
have a compelling need to know.    Right.  I think we're nearing the end of the time when it's
possible to believe that a middle path exists.

@_date: 2002-05-02 19:42:52
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: re: Satellite Hacking Article Now Free 
Another thought that ocurred to me reading this article is that
the incentives of the people involved aren't exactly what they
appear to be.  People who make "pirate boxed" really don't
want to develop some device that'll give people free satellite
TV forever;  they're much better off with things as they are now,
where each time they get to keep selling news stuff.
Also, the satellite people's incentive isn't really to eliminate piracy. As long as pirating the system is more expensive than
buying it, they're actually better off with lots of Canadians
pirating the signals, since it increases the liklihood that
Canada will end up allowing people to view the stuff legally.
I presume both sides know this, and their policies reflect it.

@_date: 2002-05-02 01:10:04
@_author: that is its unmodified 
@_subject: re: Satellite Hacking Article Now Free 
I don't know anything about anything,. but it seems to me that
1) unless you want to have a period of static/blackness  every
time you change channels, the system must be storing the
keys to all channels, even if each channel is encrypted with
a separate key.  Similarly, the system would have to broadcast
what new keys will be in advance of the actual key changes.
I'm just raving  like a lunatic here, but it seems to me that if you buffer the encrypted incoming signals, you don't have to get the
keys in anything like realtime in order to watch the programming.     I'm pretty confident that it's possible in principle to
broadcast anonymously using a dc (dining cryptographer) network.  Maybe there's an easier way.

@_date: 2002-05-06 16:59:49
@_author: spam 
@_subject: Re: EINSTEIN 
No it would not.  It would be a disaster. As it is now,  Choate generally leaves his name in his posts,
so they're easy to filter out at the client end.  Presumably,
Choate is under the impression some people like his stuff, and those people can read it if they actually exist.
If Choate's stuff were actually filtered from the list,
there's no doubt whatsoever that he'd take measures to defeat the
filtering.  Easy to do.
The effect, the ONLY effect of any scheme to filter Choate's
stuff from the list (other than actual active moderation by
a live human being) would be to defeat the filters on people's
client machines.
George

@_date: 2002-05-09 19:15:03
@_author: FSA 
@_subject: Re: UK e-money legal, sort-of 
I got the impression you had to meet both criteria from the article.
I did some googling,
appears to be the EU memeorandum on the directive,
except it says 500K ECU instead of one million Euros
(it's from 1998, maybe there's a more up to date version,
or maybe not).

@_date: 2002-05-14 19:49:54
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: trillions a day? 
I'm really not, I'm just wondering what the hell all these transactions are.  I understand that in principle I could convert 100 dollars
into Euros and back again 100 times to generate 10,000 dollars
worth of transactions,  but why would I?  If I'm under the delusion
that the dollar is overvalued, presumably somebody else must
be of the opposite opinion for a trade to take place, right?
So if I change my mind half an hour later, presumably it's
because the dollar went down, right?  So the people who thought
the dollar was undervalued should be even more confident in their opinion,  I would think.
graphs would look like smooth slowly varying curves instead
of spikey hairy monsters.  there should be that many transactions.
George

@_date: 2002-05-14 15:10:57
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: trillions a day? 
How could this possibly be true? :ast I checked, GDP for the US
was about 10 trillion bucks a year,  the combined GDP of
every nation on earth per year can't be more than 100 trillion,
most of which doesn't involve anything crosiing a border,
so how can there possibly be trillions of dollars worth of
foreign exchange a day?

@_date: 2002-09-14 18:08:49
@_author: i+1 
@_subject: Re: The Case Against Steganography In Perceptually Encoded 
There's an error in the way youconvert arrangements into
numbers.  On your page you have
A Strange Notation Before beginning, we need to introduce one slightly strange notation, a flexible base, where the ith digit can be any value between 0 and i+1. The digits are enumerated from right to left so the smallest value, the one with the least significance on the right, is digit 0. It can be either a 0 or a 1. The next digit to its left, the one with next-to-least significance, is digit 1 and it can be either a 0, a 1, or a 2.
Here's a value in the flexible base: 321. Each digit is set to it's maximum value. What is this value in base 10? To figure this out, first find the multiple assigned to each digit. That is, how much each digit contributes to the final value. In base 10, the multiple assigned to digit 1 is 10 and the multiple assigned to digit 2 is 100. To put it simply, the multiple of digit i is 10i in base ten and 2i in base two. What is the multiple of each digit in this flexible base? In the fixed bases, each digit's multiple increases by another factor of the base for each new digit. In this example, each digit has a different value. The 0 digit can only take two values, 0 or 1. The 1 digit can take three values, 0, 1 or 2. The multiple of digit i is (i+1)!. You can check it out. What is 321 in base ten? That's 1*(1!)+2*(2!)+3*(3!)=1+4+18=23. There's no reason for the factorials in the notation, the multiple
of digit i should be i, not i!, so the value of any permutation of
n items should be something from 0 to n!-1.  for example,
for 3 items what you should have is
permutation	value
123		0
132		1
213		2
231		3
312		4
321		5
