
@_date: 2005-02-10 17:26:11
@_author: "Giant Motorsports" 
@_subject: Giant Forms New Financing Subsidiary 
STOCK ALERT: GIANT MOTORSPORTS (OTC BB: GMOS)
        Giant Motorsports Forms
        Giant Motorsports Acceptance Group, Inc.
Financing Subsidiary Created to Attempt to Capture Anticipated
                                                Financing Business in Connection with Sales of Company's Products
SALEM, Ohio, Feb. 9, 2005 -- Giant Motorsports, Inc. (OTC Bulletin Board: GMOS), implementing a national roll up strategy with a "big box" destination business model in the motorcycle and powersports industry, has announced the formation of its new wholly-owned subsidiary, Giant Motorsports Acceptance Group, Inc., a finance subsidiary formed to attempt to provide direct financing to purchasers of the Company's motorcycles and other powersports products. Greg Haehn, President and Chief Operating Officer of Giant Motorsports, made the announcement.
        The Company believes that if, among other things, properly capitalized and successfully launched, Giant Motorsports Acceptance Group, Inc. could enable the Company to realize a new source of revenue generated by multiple forms of fees on loans to purchasers of its motorcycles, scooters and all terrain vehicles. The Company has recently announced anticipated 2005 revenues to exceed $100 million.
"We are truly excited to announce this event for Giant Motorsports representing a potential new line of business" said Mr. Haehn. "If successful, we believe the Giant Motorsports Acceptance Group could create a potential new revenue and earnings-generating engine. This is a potentially important business and strategic step that could generate additional new revenues through its own operations, as well as significantly assist in the growth of our unit sales. We believe the importance and value of the captive finance business has already been proven by major automotive and powersports manufacturers. In our opinion, the establishment of Giant Motorsports Acceptance Group could eventually enable us to retain significant levels of financing business that previously had been diverted to other financing providers."
        Based on current sales levels, it is Management's opinion that loan-related revenues could attain significant levels. "We are currently outsourcing about $22 million on an annual basis in financing for our customers," said Mr. Haehn. "If we execute our strategy effectively we believe we can convert a significant portion to our in-house captive finance arm."
        Giant Motorsports is a leading seller of powersports in its marketplaces, and a considerable percentage of its customers finance their purchases through outside financial institutions or through loan services offered by manufacturers. Although Giant Motorsports has received some point participation in those loans, financing providers have been reducing those levels in recent years, eroding the Company's ability to generate revenue from such outside loans.
"We believe Giant Motorsports has a potential source of revenue that it can derive from providing financing services to our existing and new customer base," said Mr. Haehn. "We believe few companies have the ability to offer captive financing. By owning the loans ourselves, we believe we can significantly increase revenues from these financial instruments and ultimately generate more shareholder value."
        The establishment and launching of the Company's proposed finance business through Giant Motorsports Acceptance Group, Inc., is subject to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, obtaining significant financing to provide loans to purchasers of its products, hiring and retaining experienced employees, obtaining all required regulatory approvals, customer acceptance and its ability to compete with existing larger, more experienced and capitalized finance entities. No assurances can be given the Company will be able to meet such factors, including obtaining such required financing, or that if it is able to launch such business, such business will ever be successful.
About Giant Motorsports, Inc.
        Through implementation of a national roll up strategy based on a "big-box" destination model, Giant Motorsports believes it has become a leading multi-brand motorsports retailer in the United States . With the formation of its new captive financing subsidiary, Giant Motorsports Acceptance Group, Inc., the Company is attempting to create a one stop customer experience which will leverage revenue and earnings growth through the provision of sales, finance and service for its customers. The Company believes growth will be generated through accretive acquisitions in new regions, through internal growth, and through utilization of rollup and consolidation strategies in the fragmented powersports national dealer environment. The Company has two additional wholly-owned subsidiaries, W.W. Cycles dba Andrews Cycles and Chicago Cycles. More information is located at  or  or Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
        Certain statements included in this press release may constitute forward- looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from such statements expressed or implied herein as a result of a variety of factors including, but not limited to: sales of its motorcycle and powersports products; the implementation and expansion of Giant Motorsports business strategies; competition and the timing of projects and trends in future operating performance, as well as other factors expressed from time to time in Giant's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). As a result, this press release should be read in conjunction with Giant's periodic filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made only as of the date of this press release, and Giant undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.
Contact: Trilogy Capital Partners
Paul Karon , investor relations
800-592-6067 Compensation and Other Disclosures
The content of this message is published by Giant Motorsports ("Giant") and sent to select email lists through Lake Group Media, Inc. ("Lake") to provide readers with information on selected publicly traded companies. Factual information is obtained from public filings and other sources deemed to be reliable; however, neither Giant nor Lake takes responsibility for verifying the accuracy of such information and they make no representation that such information is accurate or complete. Certain of the statements in this Update may be considered forwarded looking statements. Giant and Lake make no representation and provide no assurance or guaranty that such forward looking statements will prove to be accurate. See the companies filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for factors that may cause results to be significantly different.  Statements of opinion and belief are those of the authors and/or editors of this Update, and are based solely upon the information pos!
sessed by such authors and/or editors; no inference should be drawn that such authors or editors have any special or greater knowledge about the company or companies profiled or any particular expertise in the industries or markets in which the profiled company or companies compete. The reader should verify all claims and complete his own due diligence before investing in any securities of the profiled company or companies. Neither Giant, Lake, nor anyone involved in the publication or dissemeniation of this Update is a registered investment adviser or broker/dealer.  Giant and Lake make no recommendation that the purchase of securities of the company or companies profiled in this Update are suitable or advisable for any person or that an investment in such securities will be profitable. In general, given the nature of the company or companies profiled and the lack of an active trading market for their securities, investing in such securities is highly speculative and carrie!
s a high degree of risk. An investor in such securities shoul!
d be prepared and able to bear a loss of his or her entire investment. Nothing in this Update should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of any profiled company. Lake has been retained to provide direct marketing services for the company profiled in this Update and receives compensation for those services. Further, Lake and its employees and affiliates may own, or may purchase and sell, securities of the company or companies profiled. Lake undertakes no obligation to inform readers about the ownership or trading activities of it or its employees or affiliates in the securities of the profiled company or companies. Lake has the following compensation arrangements with the company or companies profiled in this Update: Lake receives a commission (fee) ranging from $1,000 to $25,000 for each direct marketing list recommended and ordered for the dissemination of this Update.
        This is an advertisement.
        Your address was obtained from I-NetValues or one of its affiliates.          To discontinue subscription, please go here.
        To remove by postal mail:
        1730 South Federal Highway Suite 115
        Delray Beach, Florida  33483
