
@_date: 2013-08-12 14:21:24
@_author: John Preston 
@_subject: Information theoretically secure communication networks 
Hi all,
Long-time follower, first time poster. I have an interest in darknets
and saw this paper
( today in a
message under "Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised,
Malicious JS Discovered", which naturally got me quite worried. It did
remind, however, about a few ideas I have had in the past about
guarantees of anonymity in a network.
Consider a broadcast network: an eavesdropper cannot tell who a message
is intended for from just the transmission itself. By using asymmetric
encryption, the contents of the message can also be made unreadable to
the eavesdropper and all unintended recipients, still preserving perfect
single fact anonymity.
Over time, an attacker could determine the intended recipient by looking
at who sent messages within a certain time frame from receiving a
message: the information gain from this is increased substantially if
certain information about the protocol of the messages is known (e.g. if
we're anonymising a real-time protocol, timed traffic analysis can
reveal an intended recipient with a high degree of certainty). This can
be defeated by including noise in the network: peers constantly produce
garbage packets.
I believe that this would yield information theoretically secure
anonymity, as an attacker is looking for hay in a haystack, so to speak.
Obviously, the problem with this protocol is that it is horrendously
I am inclined to believe that we can preserve the anonymity properties
of this protocol while reducing its network load, in exchange for
reliability. The original protocol implies that the intended recipient
will always get the message, but if we allow for the possibility of
delivery failure we can reduce traffic.
The protocol I propose is thus as follows: peers send hop-to-hop
encrypted packets to a subset of the other nodes on the network. Each
packet contains the payload (encrypted for the intended recipient) and a
TTL counter. If a peer cannot decrypt the payload, the message is not
intended for them and so the TTL is decreased and the new message is
then broadcast out to another random subset of the peers on the network.
Again, we include noise packets.
For a TTL of t and a subset network ratio of s, we thus expect ts
transmissions for a single packet, where we intend ts < n so as to
obtain a more efficient solution.
Other possible considerations are non-fully connected networks, although
I believe that a theoretically secure routing protocol must fulfil at
least one of the two axioms:
 1) all peers must eventually receive the message; or
 2) the message is not guaranteed to reach its intended recipient.
Thoughts? Also, is there any literature on or implementations of
theoretically secure networks?

@_date: 2013-09-06 11:17:26
@_author: John Preston 
@_subject: Old list archives 
I'm having trouble finding the list archives going back into the 90's;
they're not on cpunks.org. Anyone got them?

@_date: 2014-04-14 16:49:27
@_author: John Preston 
@_subject: Home-made communications and security technology 
Given the enormous complexity of modern technology (100+ KLOC software
1+ billion transistor CPUs, etc.) I view security failures to be an
inevitability: the attack surface is rich for exploitation by enemies,
and bugs and errors constantly emerge due to both man and machine.
That said, I do not think it unwise to consider it a prerequisite for
the most paranoid-level technologies that they be easily understandable
and scrutinisable by individual people. Hence, I have an interest in
pen-and-paper ciphers, simple wireless communications systems for Morse,
voice, and data, and simple computers.
Is this something other people think is a sensible or important line of
inquiry? Do these technologies and the people using them exist? Are
there movements advocating this approach? Thank you.

@_date: 2014-05-31 17:56:29
@_author: John Preston 
@_subject: Re: Our nameless project. 
Except that packets will be dropped if they look like they're coming
from somewhere they shouldn't: I would, instead of taking the IP spoofing approach, I would have
designed the network with the intention of making it appear that a
message could be destined for anyone using public key encryption: if A
sends a message to B and B can't decrypt it, it wasn't intended for B,
so it gets forwarded to other nodes in the network. Traffic analysis is
defeated by layering encryption and constantly sending lots of flak:
nonsense messages. If you can maintain the throughput at each node as a
constant and make one message look different between entering and
exiting a node, I believe it would be theoretically impossible to
conduct traffic analysis.

@_date: 2014-07-23 17:16:51
@_author: John Preston 
@_subject: Re: Gruveo, more secure skype alternative? 
You can find the results of my inquiry below. ¬_¬
-------- Forwarded Message --------
