
@_date: 2004-04-16 03:36:27
@_author: "vance strittmater" 
@_subject: Hdoeecgqrw V~i_c_o`din - Order Meds From Home Now 
automedix  ashwamedha  ambuel  axjay  arbie
We give you the power to make an educated choice in your treatment approach
and in what medications you are going to take. V`ic0-din Pain Reliever Pills Online
Next-day sh.ipping.
No waiting rooms to in-crea.se your chances of getting sick. Because you
can add more to your life.
D^rop me:  A woman was in bed with her lover when she heard her husband opening the
front door. "Hurry!" she said, "stand in the corner." She quickly rubbed
baby oil all over him and then she dusted him with talcum powder. "Don't
move until I tell you to," she whispered. "Just pretend you're a
statue."What's this, honey?" the husband inquired as he entered the room.
"Oh, it's just a statue," she replied nonchalantly. "The Smiths bought one
for their bedroom. I liked it so much, I got one for us too." No more was
said about the statue, not even later that night when they went to sleep.
Around two in the morning the husband got out of bed, went to the kitchen
and returned a while later with a sandwich and a glass of milk. "Here," he
said to the 'statue', "eat something. I stood like an idiot at the Smiths'
for three days and nobody offered me as much as a glass of water."
One Saturday afternoon the grasshopper, the snail, and the centipede were
sitting around the grasshopper's house drinking beer.They ran out of beer
before they were ready to quit drinking, so they decided one of them should
go out for more beer.The snail said, "I'd go, but I'm kind of slow. Besides,
Grasshopper, this is your neighborhood so you know where to go."The
grasshopper said, "I don't mind going, but my hopping will shake up the beer
and we'll get sprayed every time we open one."So they decided to send the
centipede; and the grasshopper explained how to get to the nearest liquor
store.An hour or so passed and still the centipede hadn't returned, so the
snail and the grasshopper decided to go look for him.They got as far as the
the front door and found the centipede sitting there putting on his shoes.
shimoaga9kajyou01shukensh,touituko yuushuun.
