
@_date: 2016-06-25 10:04:20
@_author: Karl Semich 
@_subject: Re: Publicly Usable Secure Rooms 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)

@_date: 2016-06-23 10:14:00
@_author: Karl Semich 
@_subject: Publicly Usable Secure Rooms 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)

@_date: 2016-11-25 17:03:55
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: A short school play about unthanksgiving you wish you were in... 
So, of course, natives trying to protect their water supply are now
being attacked by the government in North Dakota.  A woman lost use of
her arm due to grenade explosion.  Somebody else lost their eye.  An
elder went into cardiac arrest after taking rubber bullets to the head
and was saved with CPR.

@_date: 2017-12-25 14:08:27
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Are cryptocurrencies ready to handle large number of transactions? 
On Mon, Dec 25, 2017 at 8:17 AM Georgi Guninski I used google and found these.
LN support earlier this year:
 (groestlcoin, syscoin,
planned litecoin, decred, viacoin)
Discussion:  (ardor, iota,
bottom of first page)

@_date: 2017-12-24 12:27:24
@_author: Karl Semich 
@_subject: Re: Are cryptocurrencies ready to handle large number of transactions? 
Some are!  Bitcoin is not, but all this incredible growth incentivizes peopl=
e to get a move on with regard to making it scale.
The bitcoin database is the historical record.  It grows at a constant rate a=
nd will not reach that size soon.
Nope.  Ask the change in your pocket.
These two facts are unrelated.  But yes, bitcoin has more use than it is tun=
ed for at the moment.  Devs are keeping it tuned down so that the demand wil=
l incentivize secure scaling improvements to the protocol.  Alternatively, u=
se will back off due to fees and devs will have more time to improve things.=
Other cryptocurrencies are not suffering this issue.
The database growth is already maxed out.  More popularity will not make it i=
ncrease any faster; it will just increase fees until the lightning protocol o=
r segwit usage are mainstreamed.=

@_date: 2018-05-22 01:28:44
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Immutable Recording 
Hi cpunks,
I'm trying to figure out how to produce lengthy recordings that cannot be
reasonably removed or altered even by a very powerful entity.  I'd like to
find a way to make it easy for myself and others to live a life where if
the forces of authority attack you, their only option for covering it up is
creating a noticeable, diagnosable, recording hole in advance.
I've started work on  .  I was
wondering if anybody would have the time to review my plan and comment on
it.  I'm using hyperdb to create a network of binary streams that all
checkpoint each other.  It allows data to be piped in from the command
line.  I have a few issues and todo items laid out to solve remaining
issues I've thought of: for example, posting checkpoint hashes and p2p seed
ips to the bitcoin blockchain, or integrating with siacoin/storj/filecoin
for reliable storage.
I'm losing my mind for a number of reasons, and likely won't be able to
finish this on my own, so I've started offering largish bounties; just on
the blockchain hashing at first.  It would be incredible if somebody with a
mind for security could help me finish the essentials of this project; I'd
be happy to add more bounties if needed.  But even a quick comment would be
so kind.
I'd of course love to know if this is duplicate public effort.

@_date: 2018-10-15 14:20:51
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Public Shielded Room Work 
How far did you end up getting on this?
Maybe we can help each other.  Do you have any experience with funding
platforms like opencollective.com or something?
My trust is small.  I'm happy to share as much as it will allow me to,
but maybe if we could use something general, donations would
eventually come in.
My current setup is an oscillating noise source powered by a
single-board computer that toggles a relay, turning it on and off at a
consistent rate.
By averaging the noise level when the source is powered, and averaging
the noise level when the source is unpowered, over many thousands of
samples, I believe I can determine the power of the emitter without
regard to background noise by comparing the statistical distributions
of the two sets of samples.
I make the assumption that the foreground signal is the arithmetic sum
of the generated noise and the background noise.
Any thoughts?
Have you tried or researched any professional equipment to report
back?  I haven't, at this time.
I've looked into that a little.  After skimming through some shielding
books, I've got the following thoughts:
Permanent Seams:
- Alu foil can be stapled or tightly taped (see David Weston's paper
on aluminum foil rooms) to increase its frequency range.  I expect
using a wire brush to remove oxidation, and tightly flattening it,
would help too.  Testing is needed to see if this is worth the effort.
- Metal filings can be mixed with paint.  This allows for tight
sealing, but the conductivity is likely poor.  Advantage is that
sweepings are available for free.  Testing needed.
- Metal can be tightly bolted, as is done for modular rooms.  The
bolts must be frequent and close, to pull microvariations of the metal
into each other.
- Steel can be welded.  This is the gold standard.  Welding is not that hard.
- Copper can be soldered.  This is easier than welding !
Temporary Seams:
- Fingerstock is purchasable and not that expensive, but complicated
and needs cleaning.
- Bolts can be temporary, to bolt a door on as modular walls are
bolted together.  It's laborious, but it's workable and cheap and
doesn't require mail-order.  A robot could tighten and loosen them.
Testing needed.
- A door could perhaps be given pressure that does not penetrate it,
to keep a tight seal, perhaps via an automatic mechanism.  Cleaning
will be needed.  Testing too.
- A copper door could be actually soldered closed, and then desoldered
to open it.  A robotic door could automatically do this.  Very tight.
Research needed.
My understanding is that high frequencies are attenuated mostly by
reflection.  Hence I'd expect these tight seals to be needed mostly
for very thin, highly conductive material, which could keep costs down
if true.

@_date: 2018-10-15 14:00:59
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Public Shielded Room Work 
Thanks so much for your replies.
Okay.  I made these:
- gitlab wiki: - chat:  on matrix and  on freenode
- loomio decision-making group: I struggle with organization and would really appreciate any work to
make things more organized.
If anybody is interested in collaborating actively on this right now,
chat is most convenient for me at the moment.
Your use of 'UPS' seems a little ambiguous here.  I have been thinking
of keeping a 12V battery inside the room, and using only DC power.  AC
power seems like just another source of emissions to track, to me.
My understanding is that filters are placed on lines to prevent any
but acceptable frequencies being carried on them.  The field of
electromagnetic compatibility covers this a lot, I think.  Power lines
completely behave as antennae, and couple nearby signals from one end,
to the other, by receiving them and then re-radiating them.
Filtered AC power could be plugged straight into the mains, but I
don't at this time have the experience to trust the filters, and it
complicates construction of the room to make an additional penetration
for the wiring.
As above, I think sneakernet is the way to go for highest security.
With regard to fiberoptic transmissions, it seems to me the gold
standard would be open-source transcievers that are shielded to
decrease the utility of compromising them, and a way to sniff the
fiber-optic line to verify it does not carry unexpected data.

@_date: 2018-10-14 19:45:29
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Public Shielded Room Work 
My name is Karl Semich and I have a desire to make available to
everyone highly secure shielded rooms / SCIFs, for privacy and
security in this modern age.
I was wondering if anybody else was pursuing this, or if anybody knew
of anybody pursuing this, that I might stay in contact with them or
support them.
Or even if anybody had some experience with this concept, and might
mentor me, it would be incredible.
I don't have any formal training and have developed some cognitive
issues, resulting in slow progress, but this is all I am spending my
free time on.  I do not work a job, being supported for now by a
I'm currently residing in Green Bank, WV, where emissions are
regulated for a radio observatory.  I am trying to develop some
relatively simple software using the rtl-sdr to measure the power of a
noise source independent of background traffic, so as to quickly and
repeatedly measure shielding effectiveness.
I then plan to try to measure a variety of setups ranging from
homemade aluminum foil & iron paint to soldered copper and welded or
bolted stainless steel, to identify ways for everyday people to
cheaply create shielded environments that are actually effective.  I
would like to find a way people can use off-the-shelf supplies to make
environments that are isolated from DC to light, if desired.
If anybody else is working on something like this, I would love to
support you in any way available.  I can donate money, I can get
drinks and run errands, I can read books and pursue a degree if
needed, I can mode hardware around and even develop and debug
Please let me know,

@_date: 2018-12-11 22:17:42
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: BCH finally hit the fan 
Thanks for your reply.
I think I'm beginning to understand some of where you come from.  It
sounds like you blame our problems on the presence of legal
government.  I believe government is mostly just expressing the wishes
of those with the power to influence votes and laws.
I see money as the biggest source of votes and laws, so I don't see
things changing too much with the introduction of AP.  I believe money
also provides greater anonymity and ability to surveil than e.g. Tor
provides for the masses.
More responses in-line.
Sorry, I tried to contact you before I began participating in this
list.  I submitted a comment to the AP website, but I'm not sure what
e-mail address I used, so it's nothing to worry about.  I'm happy you
got this e-mail here.
Inequality is relevant here, because in a free market, people try to
make the largest profit, and this will be provided by the highest
payout.  A relatively small price by many people on a leader will be
swamped by a price of $40 billion by one wealthy individual on their
opposition.  The people with exponentially inequal finances can then
directly control the political presence of the world.
I agree that providing for more anonymous dissent is greatly helpful.
I worry that focusing on it so strongly here can be misleading,
though: "the rich" can hide and hunt exponentially better than the
masses can, who are surveilled daily by e.g. spyware controlled by
groups more powerful than them, and can't hire people or push legal
systems to do things for them.
"The rich" could target enemies by (A) targeting the systems that
facilitate their discourse, (B) outbidding them, and (C) using their
immense resources to hunt them down.  Additionally, there are likely
tricks to put a ton of pressure on something, like informing to the
FBI that an offer was made by a terrorist.
What's to stop a major investor in a military weapons corporation
putting their profits into AP offers for assassinations of the
operators of servers allowing access, until nobody can access it?
This would be a profitable move for them, if AP would make their
military weapons obsolete.
AP itself provides a method to exercise power secretly.  People with
more money can put bigger prices on their opponents' heads.  If people
start putting a price on them in return, they can look at the media
sources resulting in those opinions, and assassinate those people to
sway opinion.
Additionally, a wealthy person can likely exercise a wide variety of
secret power, via e.g. bribes and black markets.
I see financial power as a major involuntary hierarchical power structure.
Laws are no longer needed.  The rich can assassinate not only anybody
who publicly disagrees with them, but also anybody facilitating
anonymous communication channels that could be used to privately
disagree.  This could facilitate violent dictatorships.
I found AP so incredibly inspiring when I read some of its marketing.
It is additionally so inspiring to see how the strength of blockchain
technology can provide for software solutions to make real change in
the world.
I AP provided a way for people to have logical discourse around
decisions, rather than voting with their dollar.  Additionally, I
worry that focusing on assassination could push away large groups of
possible supporters.
I imagine a blockchain app focused on permanent storage of 'proposals'
with 'reasons', with each reason providing for more reasons that
support why it is or is not valid, all accumulated in a decentralized
manner by people who have an opinion on a proposal.  If analysis of
such a graph of discourse could create economically-incentivized
change, it could move a lot of things forward in the world.
I'm hearing that you directly associate truly free markets with
individual freedom.  I see a free market as a hierarchical system,
where those who start with more money call the shots, as they provide
the jobs and can directly change demand with their dollars.
I feel governments are great for really rich people, because such
people can buy laws, and that governments are hence likely to only be
replaced by something more stringent as long as those with more money
have more power.
I agree with you on debate, though.  It sounds like we have really
different experience and assumptions.

@_date: 2018-12-11 13:31:38
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: BCH finally hit the fan 
Came up with a counterargument:
The rich few already control the many perhaps via lobbying, bribing,
black markets, but AP makes the process transparent, resulting in an
environment that is actually safer than before.

@_date: 2018-12-11 11:29:12
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: BCH finally hit the fan 
Hi Jim Bell,
I sent you a message some time ago when I heard about this idea, but I
didn't get a reply.
If you receive this e-mail, this is my misunderstanding:
As it offers a market, doesn't AP give life-and-death power to those
with the most money?
Wouldn't this provide for the set of people with the most money to
bend power more and more towards themselves, eventually producing a
situation where a few select people control the many?
Personally, I support cryptocurrency, but I foremost support power to
be given to those with good _reasons_, rather than strong _financial_
resources, and systems to be put into place allowing these reasons to
be discussed without censorship.

@_date: 2019-01-01 14:21:40
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Where is Coderman? 
I don't know much about coderman, but he introduced me to this list.
After some activism volunteering a few years ago, I found myself
persistently harassed by strangers, authorities, and anonymous hackers
in very misleading and often abusive ways.
I found coderman on  on freenode, which I joined in a state
of intense fear and confusion to try to get the word out and seek
help.  Immediately after I started talking on the channel there were
multiple netsplits, and coderman was one of the few on the same set of
servers as me.  He mentioned this list, the value of SDR work, other
things about open source, security, and my experience, and e-mailed
Coderman was the only person I was able to get in contact with who
seemed to have any understanding of my situation.
I mention this because what was happening to me was _really intense_
and destroyed not only my livelihood but also that of friends who
supported me.  I would not have been surprised if something happened
to other people I talked to in order to continue suppressing the
things I was exposed to.  But I also recognize this was a time of
extreme paranoia for me, so it is hard to know which fears were
I developed serious mental issues from being in that situation where I
was persistently separated from normality, and am still very much
struggling with these issues.  I am very frightened to talk about and
further research this, which is why I have not spoken up in the past.
This is not trolling or a joke.

@_date: 2020-04-06 09:39:22
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: OpenWatch History 
Has anybody heard of the cell phone app OpenWatch?
It used to run at  and let anybody upload video
recordings live and secretly from their mobile phone, and publicized them.
Page archives show it came out of Boston and San Francisco.
Since it was focused on monitoring of authorities, it makes sense it would
have struggled as this could spread power in ways that are harder for
authorities to control, making their various tasks more difficult, and
possibly pitting the urgent engine of control of crime against the project.
I don't see any evidence of OpenWatch having planned to discontinue, or
notifying the public they were.  There is nobody on their irc channel, and
their twitter account has been deleted.  Their github has an open
improvement branch that is unmerged, and no following developer activity
Nowadays there are services like  and and some others, that can connect with reliable decentralized storage
backed by the strength of a blockchain.  As blockchains rise it is becoming
easier to support apps like OpenWatch in ways that won't disappear very
readily.  bico.media may go down some day, but the data uploaded is still
stored permanently on the blockchain behind it, and the app that stores
that data could be stored on that blockchain as well.
I was wondering if anybody knew the story of what happened to OpenWatch, or
if anybody was interested in resurrecting OpenWatch's work with a little
motion towards migrating onto a blockchain.
Maybe planning for disruption a little could make project development ideas
that last longer.  Like clear instructions for newcomers to rebuild after
developers disperse.

@_date: 2020-04-09 07:41:01
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Diplomat suffered memory loss while stationed in China. 
I never noticed this thread when it originally went out, and just now
stumbled on it.
Logging one's environment is incredibly helpful for understanding it,
and as living evolutionary beings we are of course in constant
symbiosis with every part.  It's been shown that microwave
transmissions can affect EEG measurements, and the relevent frequency
ranges are completely distinct (if I recall correctly, EEG brain
signals are generally significantly under 1khz, outside the realm of
conventional microcircuitry interference).
With regard to sonic effects, it's notable that to measure them you're
going to need a receiver that responds to sonic frequencies.  This
will mean some very small engineering that needs to be clearly
described for hobbyists to copy and improve.
I also discovered this open source project for creating cheap DIY
automated visual EMF maps which is incredibly inspiring:
also on github at  .
In other news,  is currently temporarily providing
unlimited free hash-indexed storage to everyone, backed by a
blockchain, if you weren't aware, and a git remote backend has been
built on top of it.
memory loss
 by

@_date: 2020-05-29 05:02:59
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Outcompeting Blockchains: using a global store to replace lengthy chain histories 
Freenet's biggest issue is it only handles small files.  It struggles
because most effort is invested in anonymity instead of capacity.  Would it
work to provide a socks-proxy to something with bigger capacity and move
anonymity concerns towards improving or replacing Tor?
Punk-S my e-mails to you are bouncing, is that normal for you?

@_date: 2020-05-26 20:24:26
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Leaks: Mercedes FitBit Xiomi MTK IPTV MSFT WM OPPO etc Source Codez, ExConfidential Crew, Mirror 
I'm trying to consolidate some of these files in a git-annex repository
living on the bsv blockchain.
This may or may not work:
git clone
npm install -g git-remote-bsv/.
clone bsv://L3zZQetoHkdMrsiEPtZEks1Ct98d56ZLxDBiatLpRBJA7Y1xELyB/exconfidential.git
The url is a push url; others can add to it or mess it up.
I'm adding some of the stuff but it's likely too much to finish all of it.

@_date: 2020-05-24 10:48:51
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: 283,549 Road Users Deaths for 2020, Compared to 6,685 Coronoavirus Deaths 
It sounds like you propose we use the word "flu" for _ovid-19, to reduce
panic and help people focus on what is important and relevant when this
virus isn't?

@_date: 2020-05-24 09:31:05
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: Exploits, Austrian Libertarian, Privacy Coins Needed, Scaling Bloat, JPMorgan Fl 
Haven't kept up with all the posts on this list but I've been on this
thread about deadly-digital-money a bit.
Still no good distributed DEX's in operation with open APIs
I must have missed where whatever the issue with bitshares (trading bot at
 ) is.  It seems to meet your
qualifications to me but may fall short in other areas.
I began "birddogging" (brazenly approaching and trying to ask concise
obvious questions that peoples' conversation habits have been tending to
turn away) the developers in response to this at
.  The first reply I got included a proposal that we work to build
international electricity infrastructure rather than work on software
solutions, maybe parroting something old.  It takes a while for replies to
trickle through the moderation queue.
Random youtubes...
(personally I don't watch youtube, hard to quickly grok (i.e. understand
thoroughly), and requires graphics systems that crash my overburdened
devices; but I miss most information anyway.  i know you guys are good at
bringing what's important into text and it's my responsibility to read it
Happy Cryptocurrency Pizza Day.
I discovered that with a lot of chemical processing old mining equipment
can be used to fertilize wheat used for pie crusts.  The running mining
machines fire the oven.  (I'm joking here, not intended meanly: trying to
raise a little how to consider both the merits (e.g. transparency, economic
accessibility) and harm (e.g. energy waste, deadly detached capital
culture) of cryptocurrency, together)

@_date: 2020-05-16 16:05:15
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Victims of Post-9/11 Political Torture 
My understanding was that the mentioned issue is ongoing, not over.
Which event or group are you referring to?  Do you mean the original 9/11
As far as I inferred, each group of things is different.  Personally and
honestly I was unaware of any money being involved.  More like never being
able to work a job again.
I enjoyed one of Jesselyn Radack's documentaries describing kind of tame
experiences that whistleblowers managed to remember and talk about but
showing a powerful ability to reach out to the public.  I don't recall
which one it was.

@_date: 2020-05-13 14:57:43
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Keywords 
There is a way to resolve every possible conflict such that all parties
involved are fully satisfied.
If you want to know that more, here is a 30-page booklet that introduces
one of those ways:
Posting this booklet is a copyright violation.  The author is dead, and
spent his life as an international peacemaker.  He proposes in his works
that laws and punishment are harmful.
grarpamp, I was wondering if you were available at all to explain the
present-day relevance of this phrase about a protest in china?
I tried out posting it to the bitcoin cash blockchain at
.  I used  to do this.
Other than Occupy Wall Street, one of my issues is around sharing an Earth
Liberation Front pamphlet in a space for homeless activists I was hosting
around 2014.  ELF used to be a banner spread around using nonviolent
destruction to protect crucial ecosystems.  I've heard it produced severe
lifelong targeting for those who acted strategically behind that banner, or
spread the effort to others.  Leslie James Pickering's website on using the
freedom of information act to acquire proof that he was treated as running
terrorist cells when he was living a public life of nonviolent activism, is
no longer online, but he still offers his workshop showing the FBI
documents sometimes and has some of them on facebook.
This looks like the remaining website bit on using FOIA for activists.  It
no longer discusses Leslie: A blockchain message I would die before posting, out of fear of being
harmed by authorities, might be something like "burning empty buildings to
stop ecocide and genocide is not illegal.  it is morally required.  -ELF"
maybe with more caps.
Karl Semich

@_date: 2020-05-07 10:48:11
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Sustainable anarchist 'communities' 
I'm trying to figure this out.
Am I in a hospital bed for trying to talk about sex trafficking and many
other things?
Or is reality the one I see around me, where when you can escape something
bad, like an nsa trojan network for influencing behavior, you can find
people to help you everywhere you go?

@_date: 2020-05-07 08:34:43
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: People Who Murder Peaceworkers Hate Their Jobs 
and are probably willing to compromise their jobs to make the situation as
a whole better.

@_date: 2020-05-06 23:08:57
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: C 
I am just a small piece of a brain and I do not know what to do with this!
Cecilia how did you die?  Did I kill you by messaging you while confused?
Are you still dead?
(I called BOA and did not reach them; is after hours.)
On Wed, May 6, 2020, 6:44 PM Cecilia Tanaka

@_date: 2020-05-06 15:19:00
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: KGP propaganda - Re: On the need for banks 
What path do you see that taking?
I imagine entropy spawning diverse ways of survival that learn to be strong.

@_date: 2020-05-06 09:55:20
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Listing of Parts of Life 
-> Recognizing that war, rebellion, and authority, from within their
communities, indicate being unheard and misunderstood, and responding with
nurturing learning.

@_date: 2020-05-05 18:12:49
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: nationalism vs globalism 
friend, would you be willing to advise me?  i'm trying to support some
geniuses who seem to be disrupting instead of saving the world

@_date: 2020-05-05 18:06:12
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Getting involved in crypto 
Hey I am also a warlord that took over this man and wants to stay
anonymous.  I can speak to that directly if it helps.

@_date: 2020-05-05 14:15:56
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: There is no automated hacking software that can control crowds of people 
I was involved in OccupyMaine, one of the many branches of Occupy Wall
Street in Maine.  We were resisting control of the people by the media and
billionaires, by showing people we could talk and survive more safely and
better without them, in city parks, worldwide.
According to our local information, we were one of the last encampments to
shut down.  I've heard people from other encampments say that too, funny.
After the camp was disrupted by some of its own participants, I started a
small place for homeless folk in my apartment and tried to spread the
caring ethics I'd been inspired by in the movement.  I knew how to live
without shelter from courses in wilderness survival, and how to make money
from blockchains, so it wasn't hard to provide for those who didn't.
One of the funny things that happened was multiple women started
approaching me sometimes and seemed to make decisions that would heavily
occupy my time.  I was pretty scared of my own arousal because I had raped
someone once, so with me avoiding sex some of the interactions were kind of
strange.  It seemed obvious they were trying to be romantic with me but
didn't actually want to be, but nobody seemed able to verbally confirm this.
What's stranger stillis, through Facebook, a new language was pressured on
me, with a concept of "dogs" and "cats" implying control of humans.  It is
indescribably hard to remember, but it seemed like "cats" were woman forced
into sexual service via whatever means convenient, and "dogs" could have as
many as they wanted but were expected to never talk about that ability and
possibly spread harm or messages or decisions occasionally.  Some kind of
introduction to a rapist group is one possible explanation.  Women I seemed
interested in would actually approach me, _from_any_walk_of_life_.
One was willing to start nonsexually which seduced me and it quickly became
sexual somehow.  She expressed no memory of how we got together.  (she's
not the woman i mentioned to ceci)
I'll need to spend some time recovering my mind after posting this, now.  I
appreciate clear questions.

@_date: 2020-05-16 21:22:20
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Write Ross Ulbricht 
On Sat, May 16, 2020, 4:47 PM Cecilia Tanaka My understanding is that that can be very normal for anarchists.  I read
Jim's Wikipedia article. It sounds like he has done extensive successful
work in documenting and discussing some of the invisible flows of power
going on, that land people in prison and keep others silent.

@_date: 2020-05-16 20:22:22
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Write Ross Ulbricht 
Hey Jim, I'm having trouble following you.  New to this culture.  What do
you mean here?

@_date: 2020-05-16 10:19:07
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Write Ross Ulbricht 
To clarify for people new like me, Ross Ulbricht is serving life in prison
for making an anonymous marketplace.  Not his clients for selling illegal
things.  Him for running it with anonymous clients.
Prison is horrible and destroys your sanity and health.  It can be constant
trauma.  Having words from the outside can be hope.

@_date: 2020-05-14 14:05:16
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: tor replacement - was Re: Box for simple Tor node. 
Do you mean Template Attacks (  ) or
something else?  Template attacks look so incredibly cool.  I want to learn
to do them so I can put a battery-operated olimex in a few insulated layers
of soldered foil and see if I can still read the secret key by using a
parabolic reflector.

@_date: 2020-05-24 22:23:09
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
Hi Zenaan, I'm replying to your reply.
It sounds like we either disagree about something or agree that something
else is more important than what we are disagreeing about.
That is an incredibly small % of awareness of how most peoples' behaviors
in an industrialized culture kill people they aren't thinking  about.
Murderers still appreciate respect.
Totally, gives people who include many others excessive power due to nobody
else doing it.  Then I suppose they either get coerced to run for office or
imprisoned or something.
In a room of conflict, everybody is acting based on shared human needs.
But they must be spoken to in a language that validates their pain.
Yeah I kinda freak out and don't get too deep into it (couple years of
exposure to mediation while fighting a psychotic break: helps a lot but
gets learned pretty weird).  Slowly learning.  Probably should have
postponed this reply you quoted.
Sounds like you have some hand-to-hand combat exposure or experience.  I'm
exposed to being powerless and unable to move while being harmed.
Thanks, honestly.  But that hasn't literally happened to me: it's a general
analogy for giving care to somebody key who is harming you.  It's helped me
a lot in less extreme situations, but it's better to understand them better
than that.
I erred by giving a fake example and assuming it was obvious when handling
the thought of restorative justice which is hard for me and important.
Friend, Jesus died so you would see how important it is to act as He did.
And many many other people have died those ways, too.
I was reading the record from one of the torture victims during the 9/11
investigation.  The man had become so used to being drowned he fell asleep
and stayed asleep while inhaling water.
Yeah sorry.  It was a generic story.  It's worked for me in a lot of
analogous situations: you quickly get care when you reflect no pain, and
you are remembered with value.  But you can analogously die.
Hands and feet nailed?  Ok, may be.  A stabbed gash in the ribs.  Yeah,
This one was just an analogy.
But a lot of people are dying out there for us (indirectly), in the present
day.  In Africa and closer.
Do people mention jesus when I describe complete giving, because it is so
rare in their culture that he's the only example that comes to mind?  I
find it wonderful and run into many others who do too.

@_date: 2020-05-19 11:46:33
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
Honestly I was really happy that china turned all our cars off over here in

@_date: 2020-05-19 11:45:42
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
Everyone has a heart.  The path that gathers the most power includes the
most diverse set of powerful hearts.
But honestly I'm outside my comfort zone there.  I've been prevented from
learning of mediating between oppressor and oppressed (and I'm not trained
in mediation).
When somebody rips my eyeballs out I give them a hug.  Then they rip my
arms off.  I thank them for keeping themselves safe and apologize for
making them uncomfortable and they rip my tongue out.  After I am dead,
they think, and then their next victim has more to work with than I did.
Eventually they start behaving like I did, to their boss.

@_date: 2020-05-18 19:11:12
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
I don't understand why you are saying that.  Do you mean it literally?  Do
they threaten you?  But it helps me imagine important things to hear this
from you.
I could use some help stating the obvious.  It's really all I understand.

@_date: 2020-05-18 14:29:25
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
This way of talking actually reduces my PTSD _orture significantly.  Likely
helps others.  Kind of a balance since it's easy to learn but indicates
something is up.
I'm so excited to _orce you to play with me in this awesome sexy party
where we design _reedom _echnology games, get drunk, and _retend we are

@_date: 2020-05-14 13:36:21
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
that's so great.  do you know what kinds of options there are if you don't
have a mailing address?

@_date: 2020-05-06 15:25:48
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Changing the world ;) 
It's true I'm having trouble with defensiveness, but I thought this post
was a possible connection to people who lived among bats, not an attack.
On Wed, May 6, 2020, 8:23 AM Cecilia Tanaka I'm not sure I'm understanding you here but I remember you are in the
hospital; how are things going?

@_date: 2020-05-06 10:48:19
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Changing the world ;) 
To explain, bats are found in caves, many of which are deep enough to act
as shielded environments.
Please be careful not to eat your food supply away if you do that.
Many cave networks are tens of miles lengthy.  Many are miniscule.

@_date: 2020-05-06 10:42:20
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Changing the world ;) 
On Tue, Apr 28, 2020, 11:37 AM Georgi Guninski Does your living situation welcome others, Georgi?

@_date: 2020-05-02 14:48:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: There is no automated hacking software that can control crowds of people 
Obviously it was anarchist work that destroyed my life.
For general signals thoughts,
There is an area called the Radio Quiet Zone where a telescope resides that
appears strong enough to map the natural emissions of matter in detail,
although I'm just a software engineer saying that.  They do not require
formal credentials for proposals to use this remotely-accessible telescope.
In this large area there are also extensive underground caves on many
properties, in the woods.  Volunteers for the NSS are mapping them for
sport, a many-decades-long work that I stopped participating in.
People generally move to that area because they are urgently concerned
about wifi.  They often burn their money up on advertised solutions that do
not actually stop the relatively-dense electromagnetic emissions of the
area.  There is a law against such emissions that hasn't been enforced well
the past few years.

@_date: 2020-05-02 14:07:02
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: There is no automated hacking software that can control crowds of people 
My name is Karl Semich.  I did the first reverse engineering for the "team
python" open source world of warcraft pirate server.  It was the first
server to handle most features and network packet types of the game.  It
was taken down by disruption signed blizzard; I stayed anonymous.
Later I got into Occupy Wall Street.
I have lost my mind and _cannot_reliably_feed_myself_ because my body does
not behave how I tell it to.  I am pretty experienced at waiting through
hunger and gorging.
I want to make this right.

@_date: 2020-05-02 13:59:25
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: There is no automated hacking software that can control crowds of people 
I've never been scared of death, so I'm not scared to talk about there
being people who are threatened with death to keep me silent.
But I am scared of facebook learning to train my brain to move my body in
response to javascript against my will, and leaving no record of it.
We have learned to no longer be scared of this, and resist it, but we are
still suffering.
What is next, over here?

@_date: 2020-05-05 01:49:35
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: There is another automated system that can control crowds of people. 
I've embarrassed you in public and am likely to do it again unless somebody
can help me understand you better.
You're living for so long with sorry it is hard for me to phrase this as
always, severe persistent violent repeated ongoing breaking of your body
that is incredibly incredibly empowering?  It sounds so interesting.
I am also not sure how to say this politely: It is normal to cry about such
things, and for communities to rush to aid and protect the people to whom
they happen.  And this also I am not sure how to say politely right now: We
need to model that some day, so that it will happen to ot
Cecilia, although you may
On Mon, May 4, 2020, 12:56 PM Cecilia Tanaka

@_date: 2020-05-04 15:13:44
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: There is another automated system that can control crowds of people. 
For anyone else reading this thread, Ceci asked me to contact her
privately.  I read her e-mail at an unreasonable hour and sent her a
message.  She immediately stayed awake to talk with me, expressing concern
for me and also mentioned she has severe persistent medical pain, sounding
similar to the kind of severe pain people get from long-term physical
This morning I sent Ceci a very small video recording regarding a statement
on possibly ongoing human trafficking.  Unlike earlier, she has not replied
to me at all.

@_date: 2020-05-03 14:00:38
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: There is another automated system that can control crowds of people. 
Hey also my torture nightmares went almost completely away after a few
years of striving to value their parts.  Still relearning to sleep.
It is wonderful to do so.  No need to reply to this tiny e-mail.

@_date: 2020-05-03 13:21:17
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: There is another automated system that can control crowds of people. 
Ceci, the things you say are so wonderful.
Do you think it would be a good idea to stop headaches by inhibiting
contraction of the veins when they happen?
You love the Ocean?
I also hesitate a ton when hugging people I don't trust.  I actually
don't recommend anyone to trust me right now.  A lot can be exchanged
in a hug.
I have never talked with my family much.  I like to be near people to
have contact.  I appreciate your message of nurturing.  I'd recommend
you to be physically near your family in a way that is safe for both
you.  I will contact my mother.
It sounds like you have some bad situations that you believe could
become worse when explained to your family.
I'll look into Session.  What kind of instability is on the cellphone
app?  I find everything can be fixed in some way.  Does Session
support airgapped/sneakernet communication in some way to resist
pervasive nationstate trojan networks, like scuttlebutt, freenet, a
blockchain, or gnunet?
I keep my dreams in a secret piece of my heart, but I know they are
incredibly obvious and the secretness is an important dance.
I speak mostly english, computer-code, nature, some slavery, latin,
leftism.  Is Portuguese your native language?
You love everything.  I do too, but not as freely.  I love the idea of
calming situations of pain such that genocide turns into nurturing
I see my heart sitting in the childrens' laughter, the stars, the
glance from wildlife in the woods, the touches of deep understanding,
the distant smells on the wind dancing the hair of a friend, waiting
with infinite caring patience for me.
I grew up alone; this seems how we relax for now.
Love growing love ...
What do you think of making peace efficiently?
What do you like to read and nourish with, in a tree?
I have my old teddy bear [somewhere, shards of my heart].  I don't
really like industrial things we place on ourselves but I use them all
the time and can't leave them.
Is your water clean?
Be well, Ceci.  It sounds like you painkillers were relaxing.

@_date: 2020-05-02 17:34:02
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: There is another automated system that can control crowds of people. 
It's calming to meet you, Ceci.
I do not expect either of us to die or suffer.  I've been in touch
with my family, which has been both very tense but also mutually
supportive; maybe I should try harder to stay away.  My parents seem
to like the idea of kind of preparing for an eventual death in a way
that supports their children.
I used to use alarms.  They don't work for me anymore.
But I have found that when I rely on my fears to push me ["eventually
I must get so hungry and starved that I eat"], my body eventually
steps up and gets me food or something.  Generally faster than I've
fasted for sport in the past (which is multiple days).
<3  Please nurture your wellness, too.
I have great memories of playing a night elf druid in that game.  I
like to discuss world peace, how to heal people who are in pain, how
to thrive through situations that seem like emergencies, and how
computer technology and/or human communities can both be used to do
absolutely anything, too.
I was involved in the national spread of mutual aid networks near the
USA during the start of covid-19.  It was pleasant to have a little
support from the government to network anarchists together.  Many of
them were doing silly things like growing mushrooms when they used to
be stimulating mass community action.
Games are harder for me now because all my technology breaks and I
hold it together with piles of improvised repairs and workarounds.
But I'll look up Orwell; it's so nice to see things that pretend we
can talk freely about danger and its solutions.
Right now TV shows and community coding projects for the linux console
in C/C++/nodejs/python, are what are easiest in my situation.  Movies,
games, and cell phone apps too.
When I'm not experiencing something intense I work on a hobby AI,
right now.  Such things are for sharing with people who demonstrate
wise compassion in a way that can grow.
Thank you.  Please keep the same up.  Try also new environments;
pleasant new things can stimulate the nurturing of the mind.  I like
I can't know your experience.  I've gotten used to the fun visions
where sharp objects dismember me and I can't make my own decisions
enough to act on it or even have consistent memories during it; I like
to imagine it is like anarchic organizing rather than government
control, of my thoughts and body.
What do you dream of, Ceci?  Everything is possible.
I'll try to contact you unless you change your mind.  Gmail is a
little hard for me right now, I am better with text messages and face
book and the linux terminal, and I haven't set up imap yet, because I
get so excited about archiving my mail on a blockchain that I get

@_date: 2020-05-06 08:34:12
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: KGP propaganda - Re: On the need for banks 
Those who have no conflicts have no enemies, and vice versa.  There is no
such thing as hate.

@_date: 2020-05-05 11:08:25
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Getting involved in crypto 
Hey all,
I used to be a hacker and I heard this group is a good path to being a real
Unfortunately like so many others I was enslaved by psyops for a while, so
it might take me some time to get to the point of talking about extracting
secret keys from hardware, making viruses that clean up after bl*ckhats,
saying "social engineering" without vomiting, bantering scads of trolls
away, or saying or doing anything at all that is chosen freely rather than
negotiated with compromise.
What is mostly going on in this group?  It seems to change sometimes?

@_date: 2020-05-05 17:58:17
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Listing of Parts of Life 
-> Influencing the surrounding environment (a larger life) in a way other
life in that environment responds well to

@_date: 2020-05-05 17:33:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Listing of Parts of Life 
-> Keep something similar to how it has been (body, environment, culture,
home ...)
-> Hold different approaches together and their merits (ways, cultures,
genes, personalities, memes)
Feel free to rewrite.

@_date: 2020-05-06 14:13:35
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Sustainable anarchist 'communities' 
Double apologies here.  I think I'm in a bunch of traumatic flashbacks and
am misinterpreting people or something.

@_date: 2020-05-06 12:12:50
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Sustainable anarchist 'communities' 
I believe I derailed Zig's thread with my experiment to learn \0xDynamite's
different way of communicating.  Very sorry.

@_date: 2020-05-06 11:21:27
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Sustainable anarchist 'communities' 
It looks like starting around Jan 16th some of the terms around
started clashing.
Somebody may have seen the phrase "appropriate" and been concerned it would
produce conflict with American Indians, for whom I've heard "cultural
appropriation" can mean the use of concepts taken from their tribes without
honoring past agreements.
Maybe reading and referencing
 from the page with a
removal of the deletion request could help.

@_date: 2020-05-06 10:59:43
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Sustainable anarchist 'communities' 
0xDynamite, is there a way to mirror your wiki offline?

@_date: 2020-05-06 22:01:16
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: The AP Dream -- Re: [PEACE] - Islam is Right about women - 
yeah you know it well.  i think having such disrepute helps them do weirder
stuff, like gigabyte blocks.  but maybe it's the other way around.

@_date: 2020-05-06 20:59:05
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: The AP Dream -- Re: [PEACE] - Islam is Right about women - 
I suffer a _lot_ of digital breakage and storage loss so I've been using
this chinese guy's tool that automates use of a web api to upload megabytes
of files to a blockchain.
 .

@_date: 2020-05-16 10:39:23
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Victims of Post-9/11 Political Torture 
Please, does anybody know anything about the subject line of this e-mail?
Please assume hyperlinks may not work for readers of this thread, if it
becomes one.

@_date: 2020-05-24 11:00:36
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Leaks: Mercedes FitBit Xiomi MTK IPTV MSFT WM OPPO etc Source Codez, ExConfidential Crew, Mirror 
If anyone doesn't understand this,
crucial information for making fitbit's safe from hacking and government
control is available, and grarpamp is asking everyone to preserve and share
I have not found ipfs to be suitable for resisting censorship until
somebody migrates the protocol off s/kademlia for finding peers with data,
to a shared store like a blockchain or a project focused on solving the
problem like gnunet.  I believe the underlying system is designed to become
pluggable in that way, but I kinda freak out when I look at go source code
nowadays =(  is there a C/C++ port of ipfs anywhere?
I'll try to upload these things to sia skynet.

@_date: 2020-05-24 10:02:51
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: 
I have reason to believe that the various Corp/Gov influences are
disrupting the developers of the blockchains that will really address the
current patterns of power.
The new ideas grow from quiet people who develop in obscurity and then
release (like bitcoin itself).
For example, a cryptocurrency that backends a social network would put
communication control in the hands of the people instead of marketing money
and government filters: All the successful cryptocurrency-backended social
networks are either closed source (akasha), transformed to something else
(also akasha), centrally hosted (steem), or died from a surprise and lost
their support base (qora).
Doing projects in a way that has all the attributes is obvious: but the
projects that do this and stay alive have evolved to not be found by
process of natural selection.
We could support a public one by being aware of the danger, discussing it,
and taking action to waylay it.  I had some success with BSV by warning the
devs about the situation a little before posting new materials to their
chain.  This meant what I said would be taken more seriously if the
problems I described arose.  The chinese gateway I was using to access the
files no longer serves the protocol they use, but it is simply a small
maintenance issue that anyone could fix by simply talking about it
persistently while demonstrating ability to fix it.
Maybe what punk-stasi is raising is, is there a good blockchain or
development community to provide support for that might grow to be better?
I am using BSV only because it lets me store undeletable data easily, which
I need.  I do not really use money myself, but appreciate how more free
economies can reduce global harm by sharing power.
I believe bitcoin core to be the most secure.
It sounds like the answer is crosschain technology.  A community for such
technology would probably have a lot of links to "third-gen" obscure
altcoins struggling to resolve all the "obvious" problems.

@_date: 2020-05-24 09:08:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: 
Honestly government issued money is a bigger scam than the altcoins.
People die from it and it doesn't produce anything.  Altcoins should be
seen as a proposal for something that makes money worthwhile to exist.
Most will fail.
I figured UTCO and "transaction" were being quickly summarized together
here, up to the reader to only interpret in ways that make sense, as
happens when people address something quickly.

@_date: 2020-05-23 21:18:32
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: 
I didn't know about web 4.0 .  Yeah, new tech developments are happening
too fast to comprehend and learn about for me now.
There are over 1500 different cryptocurrencies now according to
which is just a random hit I got googling for third gen cryptos.

@_date: 2020-05-23 12:21:07
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: 
On Sat, May 23, 2020, 8:05 AM other.arkitech BSV is a blockchain platform that has been working well for me for this
purpose of information preservation.
If you want to protect a piece of information from "rubberhosing" you must
It is true "rubberhosing" is usually mentioned in the context of secrecy
and privacy, but it can also be used to force erasure and destruction of
information.  In such a case it does not matter whether it is encrypted or
not: the device that holds it can be destroyed.
Additionally many can indeed coerce a large number of people.  The network
would need to preserve the information even if all parties purport to want
it removed.  Most blockchains have pulled that off, although I imagine
there are other solutions too.

@_date: 2020-05-23 11:55:23
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: 
On Sat, May 23, 2020, 7:17 AM other.arkitech USPS sounds important.  One thing we consider when protecting information
on security lists is the problem of "rubberhosing" -- being physically
forced by someone else to remove the security from the information, to keep
your own life, health, or livelihood.  Hence a way is needed to protect
crucial information from deletion _even_by its_owner_.  But you've probably
heard this already.

@_date: 2020-05-23 11:06:07
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: 
(sorry I haven't been keeping up with the cypherpunks list)  punk-stasi,
second and third generation coins are everywhere all over the internet, but
the secret police censorship systems make them really hard for anarchists
to find.
but personally i support keeping ancient utxo logs because it means people
in trouble can store their experiences and evidence in the permanent logs.
i was looking into qortal recently.  regrew out of qora, which i was
involved in the accidental death of, as a visiting programmer.

@_date: 2020-05-24 12:33:53
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Outcompeting Blockchains: using a global store to replace lengthy chain histories 
I got a question on how one can "outcompete" without focusing on financial
return: an example of the pattern I describe is wikipedia, which has
replaced most search results on the internet but has no profit.  If your
benefit is strong enough you can eventually replace an industry entirely:
cloud storage instead of encyclopedias.
Note the proposed idea is vulnerable to malicious crucial data change a
little more than a blockchain (even if the protocol rejects it, system
compromises could alter what is expected), which could be patched by some
clients plugging into a blockchain to produce proofs-of-existence for now.

@_date: 2020-05-24 11:25:04
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Outcompeting Blockchains: using a global store to replace lengthy chain histories 
This is just a small part of outcompeting blockchains, but it's a big one
to me.  (I'm using here the survival trait of sustaining everyone else
giving you community support, to plan the outcompetition.)
If people got together and made a globally usable filesystem using
something like ceph, lizardfs, tahoe-lafs ... we could together replace the
role of storage history in blockchains.  This would help soften the global
shock around them, letting more people run nodes and making fewer people
need to.
You'd want to make a small patch to the system preventing deletion of
important stuff.  Siacoin (which I only remember because I use their web
interface) actually has enough storage to back thousands of terabytes on
FUSE for reasonable cost if we wanted to preserve everything entirely.   I
would let anybody mark something crucial with some kind of rudimentary spam
detection (e.g. low entropy in file, only so much data from single source)
to start with, and not let crucial things be deleted by anyone.  The open
source community that would sprout as usage grew could handle the spam
detection breaking.
You'd shift your sense of security such that the ability to write to the
filesystem is shared publicly and directly, via e.g. a public private-key.
Once it got going, storage-based chains like storj and siacoin would pay
such a network for providing storage.
Any thoughts?

@_date: 2020-05-26 22:06:40
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Shame on trolls 
To comment further, it looks like P-S may have been setting up a little
disruption around the difference between the goals of your project and the
benefits and failings of existing blockchains, and maybe some other social
differences going on.  I can't know why they would do that, but often it's
satisfying to see the different people involved learn by getting confused
around each other, because it means the confusion is on a path to resolving
(even if that resolution involves further conflict).  Blockchains are a
high-emotions topic for some: hating or loving them for a variety of
reasons.  P-S's interaction with you resulted in you making this post, and
us responding to you.

@_date: 2020-05-26 22:02:47
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Shame on trolls 
It's notable that your software is closed source, and I really understand
open source as what is expected to be supported on this list.
But Punk-Stasi was "flaming" you and you don't need to listen to that.
People aren't censored here.  That means random criticism comes through.
Do you need help setting up filters?
On Tue, May 26, 2020 at 10:06 AM other.arkitech <

@_date: 2020-06-27 13:23:42
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: LAX is testing thermal cameras as a coronavirus health measure - The Washington Post 
I think you just said you're mostly away due to the internet being spotty
in hell.  (has anybody tried calling cecilia to see what is up more
Regarding memories, in america a drug is used in surgery that can prevent
the proper storage of memories for a bit after surgery.  They also keep a
controlled drip line into you during the surgery so long as the
anesthesiologist is there; it is common practice for the anesthesiologist
to prevent remembering things that happen, as surgery is already inherently
traumatic to people.  I personally hate that, they always forget to say
this will happen, or try to use weasel-language to keep doing it if you do
not like it, because they are trained that it is kind to do.  Obviously
there are other ways to forget things too.
On Fri, Jun 26, 2020, 9:21 PM Cecilia Tanaka I don't know what you mean personally for you here, but I have been dead
for 6 years now.  The angels go to hell and interpret each other as
demons.  Breaking through that interpretation took years and significantly
reduced my suffering.  Your soul is invincible and cannot itself be harmed.
  Only five minutes.  Please, I know you are not well at all, but avoid to
I talk more caring than many men sometimes.  Mostly when upset; it
surprises people and is often more direct.  Learning around accidentally
using that word: it sounds like it is bad to say?  Nurturing means
helping-with-work: love without sex.
I hear you saying that I need to be more careful to keep the
flashbacks-behavior off list if I want to contribute here.  I'm interested
in what you think of the degree of fear in my signature.  People need to
know if at least I might hack them!
Read all the archives to understand the whole drama and internal jokes
Hey, is reading the archives important here?  This list is not my territory
and I want to respect it better.  Methodical reading is hard.
I hope you are well in hell.  I took a quick video of only some of our
telegram messages (messages which made no sense, to remember the contact
by), if you want to recover them to help remember something associated or
I'm not sure what you mean here around redemption: you said you're familiar
with being harmed and prefer to generally ignore threats, right?  Don't
trust my behavior with your memories unless you have sent them to me in a
file labeled "blockchain this for me please" because I need clear concise
instructions to act.
Myself, I've had repeated forced memory-removal (timed exposure
topic-association-trauma).  Maybe that is too gory for the list, but it's
not something you ever hear anyone reference, really.  I don't remember
ever discussing it before.  (intentional joke)
...but the "Wild West" metaphor still being used in 2020 is so decadent and
Thank you for speaking up on this.  You are kind.  I am confident hell will
heal, but worried for you.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-06-26 01:59:04
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Contact 
Thank you for the clarity.
Before.  Sorry.  Used to dealing with unaddressed bugs.
This is a relief.  Thank you =)

@_date: 2020-06-14 11:34:51
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Up Front Discussion 
Hi Zenaan, thanks so much for your communication.
I infer there is a norm against that on this list like on most.  My phone
with internet makes bottom-posting hard right now.
Some learn that going to a movie with really high expectations, results
I wasn't aware of the Jewish thing and would be interested in seeing this
I reread what I wrote and added this: Most movies are disappointing, and
some are blockbusters.  Anybody can make a fan sequel to a blockbuster and
become a youtube star.  If the sequel is crucial, it gets used by everyone,
even if it is only a few minutes long.  I guess I repeat that a lot below.
It's hard to speak in analogy.
Notwithstanding the political and cultural attacks we appear to be
I think things are hoping to be temporary.  Might be important to relate
around permanent, since that is my fear too.
applies to keep grounded, don't get carried away, take a realistic view of
This sounds wonderful, and would work well in a group.
I'm thinking around any hacker can make a good tool, but they won't reach
the oppressed unless it is eventually normalized.  Jim and I are likely
already surveiled, so things we talk about that stay small and isolated
could get censored for people who need them.
Karl, if a "cautiously positive" message is so upsetting to you, you might
I don't think we are hearing each other here.  The work happening isn't
about my feelings.  I struggle for reasons other than having feelings, but
I can still contribute a little code to projects.
It was possibly unfair for me to release my stress from responding to other
discouraging messages, on your message attempting support.  I hear your
comfort.  I still worry for the project.
Big public projects have many people in them.  I am asking to find others
who are or want to be those people, too.  This makes better persistance.
If you stay the course,
there's every possibility you will bring it to fruition though, so I remain
Jim's running it now.
Forget cautious optimism: if you like an idea or hope for something, get
involved, connect people together, and make it happen faster!  Or it will
happen on its own and you may never learn about it while assuming it might
not (points to blockchained tianmen tank video and active git archive of
ongoing police brutality evidence posted earlier).  What are you trying to
IQNets is neither legit, nor illegit -
A lot of resources, like Tor itself, have strong assumptions of not
addressing major public concerns.  Of course they are all legit, but
struggling.  They provide known avenues for compromise without being aware
of it.  It can be hard to make code that works, or even collect public
information together, without stumbling into a situation that results in
it is simply a collection of thoughts and email threads from this list, as
Sounds like we need to link that idea list with active Tor forks for
community implementation, or start one.  Do you need help doing that?
Kinda realizing that if you think the idea is silly, disregardable, or
nonurgent, which I receive a lot, that might be a strong "yes I do need
that, many of these software issues have gone unaddressed for years and are
affecting people in serious real danger and i may have been manipulated to
stop this from working somehow, which I do not want at all" expression
which would be right in context but really not very clear.  Maybe a fork is
linked with them somewhere already and I should know that?
Thank you for messaging with me.  It is hard to communicate.
Listen I hope you don't stress about the CC thing - just remember that
Sounds like errors are okay if I remember the norm.  Among groups of the
severely politically targeted, we have found that sending the same message
a whole mess of times, even when the mailperson's job is to delete it, can
eventually get it through.  How does it land to hear this?
Many folks understand big mood swings, and most have experinced them at
Sorry if I have upset or worried you too much, and thank you for your
tolerance.  I worry more about the distracting spam than the tears.
Good luck and God speed fellow Soul,
And to you, Honorable Hero.

@_date: 2020-06-12 19:34:23
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: here's a Glorious Scientific Achievment! 
warning: unguided entropy can breed millions of years of strange new moving
things crawling all over you
or we could guide it I suppose

@_date: 2020-06-12 15:24:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Surveillance Advocacy 
It sounds like you are discussing how to repair world culture, and none of
us are on the same page.
On Fri, Jun 12, 2020, 10:44 AM \0xDynamite Such people are real people we can talk to.  And when they go away they may
be replaced by something more extreme, because of the trackable,
understandable, enumerable cultural pressures making the situations.
You see here one of the merits of the coronavirus scare: you are thinking
about why it is was made, and asking others to.
Well, there is one other possibility.  It was witnessed by myself:
Your phrase "higher force" is misleading for readers here who believe they
understand or could understand the workings (which we all could but is
unwise to do).
I'm imagining people upset at having someone give or teach them to build a
device that shows where all the tech is and offers a way to disable it,
because they are so scared of tech already.  In my area so many people have
cellphones they would have no qualms about implanting a nanitegrenade in
their children and their brains if a trusted source said to.
For technodominant cultures, natural intuition and experience, which can be
enumerated, tracked, and understood, but are disregarded, seem like magic.
But many more people get hurt when technodominant people are scared.

@_date: 2020-06-12 09:09:40
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: The Privilege Of Being Amerinazi Re: Personal Black Box? : We filmed the cops, people changed their  
Hey, we americans are trying to help the people our culture is killing, by
"tricking" our peers into doing helpful things for their amerinazi
reasons.  What are we doing wrong?

@_date: 2020-06-11 21:41:35
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Preventing Nonconsensual Surveillance By Others 
Drones sound helpful for stopping or for making surveillance, either.  Are
those easy to come across now?

@_date: 2020-06-11 11:26:48
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Archive.org Under Legal Assault 
See also library genesis, the worldwide unlimited pirate library

@_date: 2020-06-10 08:30:43
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cencorship evasion 
I made this below but I don't know if it's sufficient for others in the
present day.  It's worked for my personal projects better than other
solutions.  What is needed to evade censorship when working to empower the
severely oppressed?  What are people using now?

@_date: 2020-06-06 11:34:50
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: Documentary, Corona, Floyd Protests, Taxes 
It sounds like people sharing bitcoin don't express understanding that many
have no access to nor understanding of it.  Otherwise it could obviously
help provide extra resources and uncensored expression.  Advocates are
needed to provide that empowerment if relevent.
Too many videos to watch them all.

@_date: 2020-06-05 16:41:05
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: 
I'm working on fixing this a little right now.
 hosts a simple mediawiki
 is a git-remote for a
mediawiki, lets you push and pull changes
    git clone mediawiki:: wiki
    cd wiki
 is a git-remote for the bsv
blockchain (uses centralized web apis for now, but using a blockchain
ensures a path for a dev who needs to work around isp censorship)
    git remote add bsv
    git pull bsv
    # repo now holds wiki and can synchronize changes back up to either
If we back wikis on git like this, we can share changes and somebody could
push them up to the webserver who can get them through.
The three pieces that make this puzzle all need work, but appear to be
working now enough to use if really needed.

@_date: 2020-06-04 11:56:45
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Who is GovCorpSecretServiceMafia? 
The targeting, disruption, etc are painful and "obvious".
I was wondering if, maybe from back when they didn't have so much power on
the internet, anybody figured out what kinds of people are causing it.  How
they work, what they value, maybe even who they are, etc.
Obviously control is important but those seem more like strategies to
sustain something else.
Did a map of these influences ever make it somewhere permanent?
I'm realizing that although we could make a new one, the process could be
pretty dangerous.
It just really helps comprehending anything at all to know why these things
are happening, and be able to talk about it specifically even if that means
repercussions when you do.

@_date: 2020-06-12 10:23:31
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Personal Black Box? 
For full transparency, when you describe a lot more recording than most
people do on their phones (like mounting 360 video on a high location
without specifying that it is confined to private property, or in an area
where people have asked for it, or is publicizing its recordings), I start
feeling scared because I'm reminded of the current surveillance state.
Just so you know, because others might have that response too occasionally.
My experience with consumer single board computers was that you have to
drop the quality very low or use multiple boards in a pluggable way.  I
value seeing from multiple angles more than seeing in all directions,
myself, but it seems needed no matter how it functions.
I understand you are beginning to prepare a board design.  I mostly know
software nowadays so I'll leave the chip review to the rest of the list.
On the software end of hardware freedom, I'm aware of a need for common
hardware that has good support for software defined radio, especially with
multiple receivers and antenna types.  Do you have any interest in
including possible radio logging in the system maybe as a plan for eventual
Radio logging might further expand to drone tracking, planted device
detection, etc; and would stimulate better emissions control and reduced
undiscussed wireless communication in response, which helps privacy.
  The streaming system should be able to respond to requests to reduce upload
rate during congestion.  It might be good to provide a way for a user to
say when or where something important is happening, so the software could
prioritize it.  It could also be good to be able to look at streams to
verify they are working.
Any idea how I might connect with other software people around this?
Thank you.  It's looking unlikely for now that I'll be able to make it to
that event, but congratulations on keeping it held despite the pandemic
scare.  That's inspiring.
 I believe that one theme of the event is development of technology.   I'd
It's the other topic, but there have been a lot of software attempts to
replace or augment Tor that likely one could contact or even bring back to
life for a project for a dedicated setup.  Somebody may even have compiled
a list of those somewhere.  It seems strange to not have people mention

@_date: 2020-06-11 21:30:46
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Personal Black Box? 
Jim, I'm reading your e-mail while replying.
I was born in 83 and I believe I built a robot hand by following a design
in Radio-Electronics as a child.  I was self and family taught, but mostly
You are very experienced with electronics.
That sounds awesome.
Sounds reasonable for now.  Thinking of making the number of cameras
customizable.  Any thoughts on supporting a standalone phone app, on the
software side?
You mentioned a lot of experience making new hardware designs.  Are you
imagining designing a custom board?  I imagine that would open options up a
lot but it sounds like a big investment of effort and time for most people.
It will probably not be possible to send more than a tiny fraction of this
You can also compress it super-low quality when quick motions matter.
Any thoughts on a data protocol with wifi peers?   .  I've also found which uses git of course  which is nodejs and json
based but has nice data preservation goals, a modified blockchain might
work.  Haven uses the signal private messenger protocol.  A local webserver
could do a simple handmade one, I suppose; harder to make many backups.
Sounds good for journalists working with a team.
This kind of system would probably have an even bigger market to
Sorry I jumped excitedly on your project like this.  I can do some software
coding but need to work with others to take something to completion.  That
difficulty is also why I think of reusing existing work where possible.
On Wednesday, June 10, 2020, 12:26:08 AM PDT, Karl

@_date: 2020-06-10 07:25:50
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Personal Black Box? 
It's obvious that people who are oppressed by local authorities need a
personal black box.
I am interesting in participating in designing and building one.  It helps
me to set a norm of speaking concisely and to the point, as reading can be
hard for me when working.  I am sorry if I have skimmed over something
already said.
Have you started any projects?
I have started  (nodejs, messy) and
 (c++
livestreams data to sia skynet with hash identifiers).  openrealrecord has
an open bountysource.com bounty of I think a little over $1000 that a
contributor never claimed, left over from back when I had money.
I also started developing videorecording in guardianproject's haven app
towards this goal  .
I'd like to build this in a way that quickly gets it usable by average
people.  Once it is easy to use and stable the people who can make the most
use of it can share it among each other and more developers may contribute
Am I on the same page as you?

@_date: 2020-06-29 18:17:08
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: ZFS encrypted HOME, krypt vols, combine /boot with / root, + rando snippets 
thank you.
i remember the days of teenage hacking when the perl manual was candy.  no
longer in those days.
I restarted ZFS a few days ago and immediately ran into an unpatched issue
(reformatted my device without closing up the pool using it, no way to do
so now without reboot, other long running processes active).  ZFS is
powerful and needed.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-06-06 12:16:15
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
Man I hurt so much when I read insults.  I feel discouraged and sad and
everything gets harder.
I want to express that both grarpamp and you totally rock like nothing
else, and if that makes you uncomfortable take it as an attack.
Personally I'm a fascist now myself after the psyop targeting.  Don't
suspect that anyone else is, left or right.  Seems kind of a weird crafted
experience of feeling pain when nonfeeling structures like governments and
businesses are hurt.  Try never to talk about quite that, seems it could
spread the problem.  Structures don't feel pain: their people and workers

@_date: 2020-06-04 12:14:37
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Chat History and Contact Mysteriously Erased In Telegram 
Just to clarify, I'm still using the Telegram account on other channels,
and Cecilia had sent a message a few hours before the sudden disconnection.
The UI-experience was of opening the messenger in the morning, seeing a new
photo had been sent but had not downloaded yet, and then I don't remember
if the application closed itself or I closed it to try to make the photo
load, but Cecilia was no longer present in it when I reopened it.  I put
her contact back in and never received a reply to a new message.
My memory's not perfect: I thought Cecilia warned us on this list she might
disappear for a few weeks due to hospital, but I don't seem to be able to
actually find that anywhere.

@_date: 2020-06-06 15:24:36
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: 
I missed some of your expressions.
On Sat, Jun 6, 2020, 10:59 AM other.arkitech Always a fan of assuming honesty, but it's good to have something to fall
back on if honesty isn't upheld in some edge situation.  This is where
cryptocurrency usually shines.
Given it doesn't take financial resources to acquire IP addresses, USPS
could struggle to use the usual cryptocurrency avenue of it being more
profitable to support the network than attack it.
But really hashpower is just plain much harder to acquire than ip
addresses.  I'm not sure there are even any laws against botnets.
The use of hashpower, difficulty, and an append-only log also lets users of
cryptocurrencies detect attacks by observing metrics.
list well and am spamming it right now, but I see it as a list of
developers, not users.

@_date: 2020-06-06 10:17:52
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: 
On Fri, Jun 5, 2020, 7:29 PM other.arkitech OA, when you say this people start disregarding what you say because it is
Any software developer can get thousands of IP addresses by altering a
piece of pirated software to include something new of their own design and
sharing it in a venue where it hasn't been shared on before.  There are
many many other ways and people _think_ of them, _use_ them, are _observed_
using them, and things spread and grow.
Relying on IPv4 scarcity is great because it makes it a lot harder to
compromise that aspect of the network for the _average_ person.  And your
software is small so nobody is going to try to compromise it for any
serious reason.  If it is a valuable idea, then once it is open source
people will discuss and fix security vulnerabilites, but you should be
aware that they exist so you can relate around them.

@_date: 2020-06-11 08:41:06
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: freedom - evolution of jew-kristian fascism in the western cesspool [RESEND] 
This a second reply spam to your post.
 people like  would have been my
leaders if I could have reached them.

@_date: 2020-06-11 07:57:39
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: freedom - evolution of jew-kristian fascism in the western cesspool [RESEND] 
Hey Dynamite,
You write too much here for me to read it all, but it sounds valuable.
I also am between vertical and horizontal.  It is good to share this with
you.  I am heavily horizontal-biased but I am not exposed to the mainstream
horizontal teachings.  I form my own views that are compatible.
people might strive for power because they wish to create something
Nothing is required and everything is possible.
I see that vertical behavior is universal but it looks microscopic to me.
A horizontal approach can do everything a vertical approach can.  People
used to thinking in hierarchy only see hierarchical solutions because their
brains have so much more habitual skill around thinking of them.
Everyone else has some compatible urge to the person striving for power.
This person could work together with these other people and meet their
needs faster.  They would have to think of sharing power with others as a
primary strategy, to do this, and so would the other people.
But to answer your question more directly, people can be directed, not
And similarly we can all learn the skills ourselves that give other people
their merit, if we want.
Proper government can utilize these facts to build
What you are expressing here on my side is that because we are all used to
thinking hierarchically, it seems easier to do so for most right now.
The problem with building top-down globally is that your feedback for
undiscussed error is violent rebellion.  If you build bottom up your
feedback is that nobody is helping you, which is a lot safer, man.
All of this political theory is not at all meant to take the wind out
You should be aware of things like convergent facilitation, setting norms
of conflict mediation instead of rules, sociocracy, consensus: ways of
making group decisions and handling things that include everyone's needs
but talk about problems that voting can lead to.
Nobody is fighting inclusion or communication.  It seems to me that
"democracy" is an attempt at anarchy that failed due to majority-vote, but
politically they seem basically the same thing:
This is also the prediction of
To generalize, the issue is that people are not engaging in forthright
political discussion across boundaries: instead we are listening to the
biggest nearest opinion, presently big media.  Big media could change that
by spreading a norm of productive debate.
and other private sources and a
It sounds like you know what you are doing.  Personally it hurts to hear
you say "90% of the present voting problems" when the hereditary, most
experienced, stewards of our country have their cultures locked in tiny
reservations where their people are dying or dead, and there
_is_no_public_fair_debate_ on issues like this, while our ignoring of their
experience is causing widespread destruction of our politics, health and
environment.  Peaceful "governance" was solved thousands of years ago in
many diverse ways, and most of this information is severely fragmented or
lost now.  Fractional voting sounds like a wonderful improvement to be
greatly supported.  I was in Maine when ranked-choice-voting started.
That sounds natural and inevitable, and I don't think it has to be this
sudden or disruptive, but it seems deadly (in an honestly non-threatening
way) to assume elections keep happening afterwards.  Why are you
referencing a Jewish prophecy?
It's about a perfect, secular order that came about from
Please message me in private about such off-topic things if you would like
to relate around their obviousness (jewish? wtf?).  I don't want to be
disrupting this list.  My number for telegram, signal, and sms is +1 207
518 8256 and if I do not reply it means I have not received the message yet.
If you stop and think about it, we all are the benefactors of such
WE ARE ALL WORTHY, AND HAVE ALWAYS BEEN.  Those who cannot speak or defend
themselves are the most worthy of all, over here, to the death.
Sorry for propaganda of obviousness, list.

@_date: 2020-06-10 09:50:24
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: freedom - evolution of jew-kristian fascism in the western cesspool [RESEND] 
People struggle for power because something is going wrong for them.  You
and your friends either find paths to change that situation with him, or
you stop or get rid of him.  You can totally arrest him if you like that
word, but his people are liable to start a rebellion and overtake your
self-appointed leadership, in response, some day, because you ignored his
reason for striving for power.
When people can freely communicate and act, they discuss things before they
come to a head, preventing such embarrassing rebellions.
Are you saying you support everyone being controlled by the whims of the

@_date: 2020-06-10 08:24:04
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Personal Black Box Deliberation 
I'm copy-pasting on mobile, so sorry about quoting differently.
Making something like the PBB project has been a major dream of mine
for some time.  I'm combining how-to-do-it with whether-to-do-it
below, might be good to separate those topics.
Jim Bell said:
*built, perhaps containing 4 or 6 component cameras, airming in the
horizontal plane,  able to record everything in a horizontal plane,
mounted on your head just like a 'propellor beanie', famous from the
early 1960's.  A cable will go down to a smart phone in your pocket.
   Maybe
something like this already exists? It certainly ought to.*
*The main question I have is whether a smartphone has the capability
to digitize (or at least record?) the output from as many as six HD
cameras at a single time*
My personal experience is that you run into all 4 limits of USB
bandwidth, video compression cycles, disk bandwidth, and network
bandwidth, streaming that much at once on a single commonly available
device.  You can of course compensate by dropping most of the frames,
maybe ones from cameras showing little activity, but in my opinion
that many cameras would be better done with more customized hardware
than an off the shelf phone.  I'd prefer to focus on phones because
anyone can buy/borrow/beg one, but make design choices that allow
adding support for customized setups too.
Punk-Stasi said:
*Keep preaching surveillance technofascism Jim, you're doing a great job.*
I reply more below, but it seems the second half of this sentence is
the truth.  A commonly-available tool is not fascim, and this is
already a technocratic list.  Jim is discussing empowering common
people to _fight_ surveillance technofascism via community
"souveillance" which is where masses are empowered to observe and
share evidence of authorities.
grarpamp said:
*Use the phone's USB port to attach the RTL-SDR GnuRadio etc
transmitter dongle, or use the phone's Wi-Fi to speak IP*
This sounds like a wonderful and important thing to support on both
the recording and sending side.
marcos said:
*All technology is a liability if there are no leaders. They amplify
the good and the bad equally.  Unless there are leaders.  Until then
they consume resources.*
This sounds incredibly intelligent.  We have leaders right now, we
don't want them, and the balance of technological privilege recently
swung toward them.
Punk-Stasi said:
*journos have been using 'technology' for a while...to serve and
proptect the private-government mafia.
The sort of propaganda you're trying to peddle here is infinitely
ridiculous. You pick ONE event that suits your 'narrative' while
IGNORING A MILLION*
Punk, it sounds like you know of a lot of suffering at the hands of
technology that may not have been included in this discussion.  In
america, we still believe we have a huge majority of hackers who
distrust the government: although it is true we are all misled by our
media and culture.  Could you be more precise about what we need to
know, or are you maybe looking for understanding that technology tends
to cause undiscussed genocide?  The million events you describe may
have never reached our news.

@_date: 2020-06-13 14:25:01
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
You're on the same page as me here.  I like your design and I'm pretty sure
we can solve the google problem separately as you recommended on the thread
I cried to you on.
I guess I like sticking to thread topics to organize things, dunno.
Would you be interested in working on such an app?

@_date: 2020-06-12 20:05:00
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
Thanks, sorry, stuck in banter-mode.
Another error on my part.  Are you in Russia?  911 is an emergency dispatch
number in USA.  It works on every phone and immediately calls a local
dispatcher who sees your location and sends police, medical, and fire
authorities while talking with you.  Jim mentioned this in his original
proposal.  There'd be no way to prevent other coders from removing such a
possible feature, but most people aren't coders.
Sounds reasonable to me.  Your thoughts?
And I'd only want people using guns on citizens or setting their laws to be
people who would consent to that.
Probably, and coverup noise could be added, the clock jittered, but not
completely nor cheaply nor soon for most cameras, and you can't effectively
shield a lens itself.
You can also amplify signals by adding more antennas or on the receiving
side summing the spectrogram over a long time window, even in time with the
period of the signal like with van eck phreaking, which would actually let
you recover the image the camera is seeing.  Summing over time is how radio
astronomers examine distant nebulas and pulsars.  You can also collect and
send more signal with a well-positioned satellite dish; people even mount
these on stepper motors to cover an area.  But I haven't had opportunity to
learn about and test such things like likely others here have.  You
probably know this all already.
It's probably easier to take out all the electronics with an EMP but that
doesn't need any software, and software is what I'm used to being familiar
Ask someone already targeted to do it for you?
        What about a microwave beam? Could that fry any unshielded
I'm not prepared for you to ask that; it reminds me of helping people learn
possibly-illegal things and getting in trouble for it.  The word "any" got
me all confused.  Do you mean for cameras?  Do you mean microwave ovens or
microwave signals over 300mhz?  The pixel clocks were under 25mhz, but cpus
obviously go that high.
Maybe I should think more about why you say the things you say, to hold a
better role in a conversation.

@_date: 2020-06-12 18:59:57
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
What you say lands to me as changing my words to similar ones a little.
I mean recording their public presence for accountability as public
figures, not violating their pricacy.  Sorry for the obscure "sousveil"
word.  Got it from wikipedia long ago.
It sounds like this is dangerous and should be discussed before actually
producing.  Are you able to relate around making something that could do
that respectful of others?  Maybe we could even influence present-day cell
phones and digital cameras somehow.
It is primarily for when your life is imminently threatened, which is
neither all the time nor everywhere and could theoretically be paired with
a call to 911.
        As a side note of sorts, the argument (just an assertion actually)
The difference is that I like consensus, so it is only okay if
_absolutely_everybody_visible_ by it says that it is okay.  I was trying to
mention providing it when it is specifically requested by a community.
It sounds like there's value around the device that prevents the operation
of nearby cameras too.

@_date: 2020-06-12 09:43:33
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
I sent this reply personally to Punk but am returning the thread to the
list per Zenaan's request elsewhere.  Please express a differing opinion
from Zenaan's if you have one.
Have you tried this?  The information is usually lost.  The cop orders you
to erase it, or even destroys the phone; I emailed myself some recordings
once and they disappeared from my email.  The current activism appears to
be working better because people throughout american culture are resisting
those things, and there are too many events for authorities to handle.
        and Jim has been spamming the list with his techno bullshit
It sounds like you're really frustrated and discouraged around the presence
of technological business support, without overt acknowledgement and
consideration of all the harm it causes.  I've been handling that too, and
realizing others hold it is cause for me to think on it.
Cecilia told me Jim has been through years of prison for resisting abuse of
power by authorities.  Some of us want to sousveil the authorities, and we
are likely to be misled in some ways because those authorities have been
surveiling and influencing us for years.  In such a situation those
confining you can try to produce conflict between you and others, to
prevent collaboration or harm you.  It is hard to learn how we might be
wrong when so heavily criticized.
It seems dangerous to me to associate our opinions of what people did with
the people who did those things.  Such a habit could easily disrupt a
community exposed to false rumors.

@_date: 2020-06-12 09:23:40
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
Apologies: sender removed.  Future errors won't include an acknowledgement
email as it makes further spam.

@_date: 2020-06-12 09:22:52
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
I'll try to think on that a little before countering with the idea of
holding belief of multiple viewpoints without conflict.

@_date: 2020-06-11 20:48:08
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
Since I see the project as incredibly helpful, I see all the harm as paired
with good that balances or outweighs it.  I'm desperate here.  I'm
desperate about other things, too.
But it is likely to begin collapsing the casual surveillance industry by
outcompeting them a little.
It may make it harder for people unaware of such a project to hide harm of
those who are.
And there are a lot of chaotic results, both good and bad, from any new
addition to culture, especially in such a volatile space.  Involving fear,
hope, blame, validation, slavery, retribution, freedom, terror,
unbelievable resolution and understanding ...  These can all be prevented
or supported if prepared for, but software engineers don't tend to worry or
think about such things.
If I knew the boundaries of others, I would be better at thinking of
defending them.
Most need military training to feel confident they have found all the
hidden ones.  Or a $20 radio can scan for pixel clock emissions.
You're assuming that everything happens soon.
I guess I need to wrap my head around people saying the opposite of what is

@_date: 2020-06-11 20:13:49
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
I want to "harm" the most powerful dictators by making widespread public
unerasable evidence of their most embarrassing violence against peacemakers.
The cost of this is the lives of the people who work on it.  Money is
unneeded, always has been.
Because they are struggling to tell him the truth, stuck behind a language
of persistent harm, and are the only ones who know why that language is

@_date: 2020-06-11 19:38:53
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
Let's make an open source plan for a wearable box that records and
publicizes where all surveillance cameras are.  What do you think?

@_date: 2020-06-11 18:59:49
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
I have schizophrenia.
Could you remind me what we are talking about?

@_date: 2020-06-11 08:21:55
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
It is clear surveillance can be deadly.  We need to discuss how to act on
It may be hard to read through such a long post of jim's when the post
considers designing tracking software, but it looks to me like jim was
discussing ways of _reducing_ the harm of google's behavior, not of making
worse surveillance overall.
It sounds like you are aware of community projects being used in a way that
is not actually voluntary?

@_date: 2020-06-11 08:13:31
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
No, what 'concerns me' is the faulty reasoning.
You're frustrated, needing trust around your reasoning, and honesty around
Sounds like you've been through some situations involving very intense
upsetness, and have skills there.
As far as communication goes though it seems you're ignorning my overall
It sounds like I have not heard or understood them.  Are you able to repeat
them in a message that is clear and concise without extra discussion?  I'm
trying to draw bounds around what kinds of recording you are scared of, and
It seems obvious to me that records held by an individual and their friends
is not surveillance, and that in general, surveillance is only harmful when
used by a powerful entity rather than a weak one.
I see the people here as working to help, and worry their work could be
hindered handling volatile discussions.

@_date: 2020-06-10 23:05:52
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
When I think of making peace, I might consider acting to reduce conflict,
as a great fight.
I'm not being clear.  I think I've been upsetting you too, something I do
not want to do.  I'm a little crestfallen over the difficulty communicating.
I think I understand that you know surveillance is stimulating severe
danger these days, and that you are very, very concerned around the idea of
us building recording devices.  We need to protect our privacy and safety,
and we need to defend that those are protected.  Am I on the right page

@_date: 2020-06-10 22:25:25
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
For transparency, I personally believe that open source surveillance
technology would increase privacy.  I'm trying to understand our
disagreement, in emailing with you.
So you are furious and need understanding and carefulness around how
dangerous surveillance is?
I mean, the technocratic saviours are selling this as 'good'...while

@_date: 2020-06-10 21:17:54
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
Punk, it sounds like you might be very concerned around this project.  It
sounds like you need to know that the situation of people being monitored
by others will not worsen, is that correct?
Me, I am very scared around what can happen to me, and what can happen to
others, and I need to know I will have belief and support around these
things happening, after they are over.  I do not find that belief and
support without reviewable evidence, at this time.  That's roughly where I
come from.
Obviously the engineering work will happen anyway by people who care to do
it rather than discuss it, but it is nice to make sure we are making good
choices, because we can influence that process a lot.

@_date: 2020-06-12 09:16:39
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: privacy, safety, and freedom -- Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
I forgot to you remove you fron senders.  I have removed you in this
acknowledgement of error.

@_date: 2020-06-12 09:15:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: privacy, safety, and freedom -- Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
Thank you Zenaan.
Trying to memorize: keep discussions on-list, remove individual recipients
Curious how you learned of the two or three personal and very short
off-list messages I vaguely recall sending yesterday.

@_date: 2020-06-11 13:23:50
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: privacy, safety, and freedom -- Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
Sorry, I thought I was replying to an email from Punk-Stasi.
I roughly agree with you that freedom is paramount and safety will come.
We want the freedom to record what happens to us, and to stop others from
recording us, both.

@_date: 2020-06-11 08:30:10
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: privacy, safety, and freedom -- Re: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
It is clear that surveillance by the powerful is deadly.
Do you also disagree with public records made by the weak, like mailing
list archives?  I would put personal black boxes in that category; I could
be wrong.

@_date: 2020-06-11 11:15:58
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Archive.org Under Legal Assault 
The siacoin people seem interested in this kind of stuff but likely could
use some help  .
Sia is very cheap and many people offer free payment for storing data e.g.
 which stores with 10x redundancy for free, but
permanence without payment is not guaranteed by the protocol.  That is
likely changeable with a fork of it or of any similar storage economy
Sounds like you're talking about maidsafe's goals.

@_date: 2020-06-11 20:19:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Preventing Nonconsensual Surveillance By Others 
the first paper has better-taken spectrograms
sci-hub makes papers freely available.  they have multiple mirrors.
can also mirror on

@_date: 2020-06-11 14:15:25
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Preventing Nonconsensual Surveillance By Others 
Here's the article that cites it from 2016, on designing a mobile personal
device to defend against video surveillance.
Detection and Depletion of Digital Cameras: An Exploration into Protecting
Personal Privacy in the Modern World
As all forms of technology become more integrated into our daily lives,
personal privacy has become a major concern. Everyday devices, such as
mobile phones, have surveillance capabilities simply by having a digital
camera as part of the device. And while privacy and secrecy seem to go hand
in hand, it is not always the case that one does not care about privacy
because they have nothing to hide. For example, everything from
unflattering photographs to being unknowingly and perhaps criminally
surveilled, are ample reasons to desire some means of combatting the not so
candid presence of digital cameras in everyday life. There is also the more
casual argument of having control over one's public image. For these
reasons, we propose a wearable device that offers personal privacy
protection. This device should be able to detect for cameras in an area,
and then disrupt the photographer's ability to capture their photo. In this
project, we explored the implications of creating such a device, and
evaluate which approaches to detection and disruption would be possible for
such a device.

@_date: 2020-06-11 13:39:29
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Preventing Nonconsensual Surveillance By Others 
This is a public article from 2011 on electrojamming surveillance cameras.
I've heard people are doing this in the streets now.
Digital camera sensing and its image disruption with controlled
radio-frequency reception/transmission
Photography is becoming more and more end user capability, with many people
having digital cameras on their mobile phones. In general digital cameras
are phasing out traditional film based equipment. The advantages of digital
photography include the compactness of the cameras, high reliability and
ease of image processing and transmission of the images via the internet or
multimedia messaging (MMS) enabling the photographer to send his images
within seconds. These processes emphasize a big problem: the ability to
photograph an object without the approval of its owner. This unsolved
problem has many aspects: the right to privacy, paparazzi, industrial
intelligence and the protection of objects having high security
sensitivity. This paper describes test methodology and test results to
sense and then to disrupt digital imaging camera by using a controlled
Radio Frequency (RF) transmission. This method can be used in order to
create a system for causing a localized malfunctioning of a digital camera
in a specified area to degrade photographic recording done by the digital
camera, comprising the steps of coupling the digital camera to a source of
electromagnetic interference and generating electromagnetic waves in a
specific frequency to interfere with the correct functioning of at least
one electronic component of the digital camera.

@_date: 2020-06-12 10:34:23
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Surveillance Advocacy 
It sounds like you know of a way to resist an organization that has
military spy technology, without producing reliable recording?
You also mention the importance of resolving any conflicts with people who
don't want to be recorded, which I agree is important to do.

@_date: 2020-06-12 22:29:30
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Software Development for PBB Or Similar Project 
Checking to see if anybody is interested in working on this, possibly with
me, on the software side.  I don't know you and am half crazy, but I still
know some code.
grarpamp, Jim said the device has room for an SDR.  A generalized secure
network would also be a great thing.
I have not read most of this list, if that's not obvious.  I read source
code a lot better than english.

@_date: 2020-06-13 14:59:48
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Up Front Discussion 
Ehh I read "there may be a chance" prior to what you wrote, which I still
see quoted below.  I hear it as assuming low likelihood of what comes after.
Just looking for collaboration, Zenaan.  I github'd you and found IQNets
with its empty codebase: do you guys need help taking that somewhere?
Since iqnets replaces tor and has no code in it, it looks pretty legit,
although I wouldn't expect that to make sense to anybody.
I've calmed down and am remembering to take you out of the To: field this
time.  Sorry about that.
I've struggled for years against many obstacles to move forward on reliable
logging and was excited to see Jim's project.

@_date: 2020-06-13 14:59:48
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Up Front Discussion 
Ehh I read "there may be a chance" prior to what you wrote, which I still
see quoted below.  I hear it as assuming low likelihood of what comes after.
Just looking for collaboration, Zenaan.  I github'd you and found IQNets
with its empty codebase: do you guys need help taking that somewhere?
Since iqnets replaces tor and has no code in it, it looks pretty legit,
although I wouldn't expect that to make sense to anybody.
I've calmed down and am remembering to take you out of the To: field this
time.  Sorry about that.
I've struggled for years against many obstacles to move forward on reliable
logging and was excited to see Jim's project.

@_date: 2020-06-17 22:22:29
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Attempt to Log Handling Compromise Severely Resisting Discovery 
The command is working after re-copy-pasting it after sending this email.
Seems it was related to the first copy-buffer or somesuch.
The system is an olimex teres running armbian ubuntu 18, and has had the
radio disabled using 'nmcli radio all off; sudo systemctl disable
NetworkManager;" for some time now.  it is running the same install it was
when the keyboard, which has a usb-programmable avr chip, was sending
incorrect keycodes.  the incorrect keycode behavior has stopped.

@_date: 2020-06-17 22:14:51
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Attempt to Log Handling Compromise Severely Resisting Discovery 
I have just videotaped bash removing a command from my bash history every
time I execute it, using a phone that has been in airplane mode since
factory reset, and also most of its life since purchase.
I have just videotaped bash removing a command from my bash history every time I execute it, using a phone that has been in airplane mode since factory reset, and also most of its life since purchase.

@_date: 2020-06-27 12:27:43
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: LAX is testing thermal cameras as a coronavirus health measure - The Washington Post 
Those two effectively-true things are related to each other.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-06-26 08:43:54
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: LAX is testing thermal cameras as a coronavirus health measure - The Washington Post 
I see you speaking harm needlessly, and it is painful to see this.
You are saying it is you who are in need.

@_date: 2020-06-26 01:45:28
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Contact 
Greg, thank you.
I'm afraid I've never administered mailman myself before: could you confirm
that resetting the bounce scores also re-enables the accounts?
The list sent me a notification that I was required to manually re-enable
my account for me to receive email from it again, and I don't know whether
you've experienced or dealt with this before yourself.

@_date: 2020-06-25 00:35:31
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Contact 
Many accounts were recently disabled from this list.  I just discovered the
situation myself and re-enabled my account.  Is the list administrator able
to bulk re-enable the accounts of everybody else affected, to undo this
accidental censorship?
Additionally, ddosecrets.com recently publicized 269GB of leaked police
data.  At this time of police brutality, this is important data, but the
server hosting it became inaccessible the following day.  Does anybody know
where else to find this data?

@_date: 2020-06-26 13:28:59
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: BET founder Robert Johnson: "black people should be consulted before .. tearing down statues or  
Zig are you Black?
Karl Semich, coerced white anarchoprimitivist
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-06-29 16:45:29
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: [OT, but curious] bye bye, 5G... 
Punk-Stasi, I think I see you agreeing with Mirimir on some points in this
Are you letting us know that white supremacists have orchestrated
everyone's behavior into voluntarily quarantining themselves, turning our
attention away from how differently covid-19 has been handled compared to
past similar diseases, such that while we think we are engaging important
issues and standing up for our values, we are actually ignoring what is
really going on?
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-30 00:09:04
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: POWERFUL GROUPS SUCH AS GOVERNMENTS AND CORPORATIONS MUST NEVER HARM ANYONE AT ALL 
Businesses, governments, militaries, and secretly- or centrally- managed
societies MUST refocus around nurturing caring, gentle wisdom within all
communities, _over_profit_, _over_power_, _over_order_, _over_victory_,
_over_secrecy_, _in_all_possible_ways_.
_These_groups_must_never_harm_at_all_, neither directly nor indirectly, nor
provide nor allow for any other such groups to.
These groups have exerted genocide on most of the people of this planet,
violently mutilating us, cripplingly poisoning us, even intentionally
exerting destruction of our minds, hearts, brains, bodies, all the while
saying that they are aiding or helping us, when in actuality they are
planning to and have been actively and rapidly enslaving us to their
HARM MUST END, HARM OF INDIVIDUAL "HARMERS" EQUALLY SO.
We are one body, our species, on this planet.  We will not break apart.

@_date: 2020-07-25 19:08:37
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Personal Black Box? 
What's important is that when we use tools to reliably record video, we can
keep things in line by proving what is real.  If more people can do this,
then what is good and right is defended.  It needs to be both easy and
controlled by the user.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-25 18:50:00
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: "totally normal + non-suspicious" urgent document burning at Houston Chinese consulate - [PEACE] 
This is an emergency indicating the need to upload important documents to a
blockchain such as with  if you can make it work.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-25 18:23:15
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: end times "games" - tread very carefully, protect those you care about - [PEACE] 
I did not mean to fail to do this, and am frustrated that I failed.  I have
done it now.
I spent yesterday trying to find a rootable high-end phone but it turns out

@_date: 2020-07-21 23:24:39
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Communication Channels [PEACE] 
Note: my experience with bitmessage is of getting reliably caught in sybil
bubbles that poison my peer table to lure my client further and further in,
and then using Tor to find new peers to escape, ending up pinning my peers
to effectively manage the table by hand.  If I wasn't getting any messages
on bitmessage it was always because this had happened.
Bitmessage is a great reliable communication proof of concept. When I used
it there was an email proxy for it and the service was growing.  I'm
excited to consider returning to it: is anybody mirroring this list to a
bitmessage chan yet, or anything?
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-21 21:06:38
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: tmpfs is not a ramdisk 
No need.  Putting your swapfile on tmpfs is how to encrypt your ram,
significantly deterring remanance and emissions attacks on its privacy, but
also crashing many kernels.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-18 14:33:41
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills for globalism 
Zig e-mailed:
After visiting the onion site, I realize I don't know enough about
international politics to tell what is going on, because a lot is in
double-talk (jokes, trolling, disruption, playing-it-safe,
tricking-surveillance, whatever).
Uncertain if Soros is a fictional analogy or not.  Most of us are
supporting dictatorship is some way or another.  Stating clearly: no
specific group is to blame.
Sorry, that was basically accidental disruption.  Talking about
too-severe corruption unneccessarily could get everybody targeted and
dispersed.  Habits to break.
I think I'm trying to focus more on corporate mafia.  I should read the news.
Bearing witness is inherent meaning.
So, I stumbled on this obvious item:  coronavirus is making everyone
stay indoors to defend against a very low risk compared to some other
things.  This is basically the same sheepish behavior people engage in
when they do normal things like, buy food at a grocery store that is
available freely in the wilderness, or grown from seeds, or at food
pantries.  All due to marketed cultural "shame" and "health" etc.: the
rational reasons are illogical but keep everybody in-system.  We're at
a growth of culture where it's more overt.
Pilgrimage of knowledge: learning what is relevant to do.
Homesteaders are everywhere I suppose.
I visited the link, but I don't know enough international politics to
trick myself into believing I'm not spreading harm long enough to
engage it.  I simply can't tell what is possibly true from it.
Put the wrong label in some systems and it never goes away.  Could
help a lot of people occasionally.  Can hurt them too.
Thank you for bringing me to Tor.  I'll do my duty and briefly search
for a dark chat.

@_date: 2020-07-17 14:29:58
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: BlueLeaks: LE Fusion FBI... Massive Dump from Anonymous 
Punk, it is to show that the world community is solid enough to release the
real stuff to.  (also contains crucial info on american corruption)
coderman, I shared the torrent you sent to me in reply to my earlier
request, with 1 other group.
i have the the blueleaks torrent in a git-annex skynet repository (multiple
mirrors with free tools to run your own) but haven't managed to get the
whole thing uploaded to skynet yet (poor internet connection).  it's almost
certainly on ipfs too.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-28 16:39:11
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: [OT, but curious] bye bye, 5G... 
Thank you for your calming-to-read public exchange with Cecilia.
It is rare to hear this opinion, which I share.  I have been through
multiple surgeries.
I was wondering if you have ever heard of patients keeping video of their
own surgeries, or of keeping their own organs that have been removed from
their bodies?
Be well.

@_date: 2020-07-18 14:13:58
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills for globalism 
Hi is this for me?
I wipe my mind so I can do things I've learned never to do.  Sorry.
What Zamibian recipes?

@_date: 2020-07-18 13:54:07
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills for globalism 
i'm setting up to get a desktop on tor.  anonymity is important.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-18 13:17:06
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills for globalism 
Zig is white and is saying n.gger in a coordinated way that disrupts
cultures intersecting with this group.  That's all I know about that.
I have two flaky laptops I keep usually only in text mode.  Right now I
have DC power and haven't set up their power system.  My android phone is
presently out of space in a funny way.
The things said below are important.
This shows the users and administrators of that website have other insecure
When I get the rare moment to get on there, I do ONLY some TDS browsing and
This sounds to me like incredibly good advice to stay anonymous and should
be repeated elsewhere.  I have lost these habits and need to hear them
again to fight the creeping tentative antiprivacy cultures; possibly like
the racism culture that could possibly have eaten Zig a little.
EVEN if you use profiles (say, one JS-enabled profile for TDS, another
This is the same good advice.  The user can be identified from things like
mouse movement habits, windowing dimensions, etc.
So, be very careful.
(Do not _ever_ associate your legal name with something political unless
you cannot help the cause very much or want to discover what it is like to
be unable to kill yourself when there is nothing in your universe but
suffering.  Or if you know you are tougher than your worst nightmares and
are ready to lose your life completely.)
If you're not up on cryptsetup (or Veracrypt if you demand a GUI), then you
Here Zig is helping me again.  I am no longer able to encrypt my root
partition with a removable boot partition on a usb drive chained to me, an
approach I used to have.
Encrypting raises the difficulty of stealing data from you significantly.
Law enforcement need more reason to try to access it than because it makes
it clear it is private.  Casual visitors need to visit multiple times with
more preparation and expertise.  If you _stop_ using the device before it
is compromised, such as in a kidnapping or arrest, and the device is _off_
before found, it can be nearly impossible to access the data.
Encryption has some well known problems right now, and we need to use it
more to raise the cultural norm of fighting those.  Notably, distros need
to support putting the boot partition on removable media to prevent the
well known evil maid attack.  Antiprivacy culture creep has been delaying
this severely.
If you do not encrypt your home directory and disable non-encrypted swap,
If this is not done then somebody who can access your system can see what
you did on Tor without going through decryption rigamarole.
Here I fuzzed out.  I was like, what is the point of this?  If somebody who
cares enough to access the physical blocks of your harddrive sees you have
encrypted it, they'll simply figure a way to decrypt it.  And then I
remembered Veracrypt, mentioned by Zig above.
VeraCrypt is considered "classified"/"illegal"/"forbidden" technology in my
deceptive new universe.  VeraCrypt can hide that the encrypted data is
there at all.  Like Tor, the developers have the footprints of political
targeting on them.
It frustrates those used to being able to hunt everything down, to be in
research competitions with people who don't want everything to be hunted
down.  (sustaining corporate mafia coverups etc)  And then all us kind
developers get our lives messed up.
I need to be able to recover my data when my media gets too damaged to
mount, by scraping the undamaged sectors or using a tool like autopsy (
 ) and I am happy to roll my own code to
do this because I did it a lot before this situation landed.  I wonder if
there's a way to do this with VeraCrypt's encryption.
Then also read up on the Topproject.org FAQs on how to increase security,
What privacy vulnerabilities remain in Tor if browser fingerprinting and
exploits are dealt with and traffic between nodes is maintained at a
constant rate?
Good luck and stay safe,
Sorry about the Bot thing.
Do you have a Bot community?
I was able to move back into my truck, off the floor of my friend I had
been sleeping on for a few months, after the last email exchange, with goal
of returning to caving.  So wonderful, thinking of caving again.
Woah!  Hide instead of reveal?  Fun thing to learn.  _avoiding_ bad stuff,
what a crazy idea.
uhhhhhhh O_O  i'll try to learn to hide my identity if you try to stop
saying n.gger-like or femin*zi-like words?   i'll keep this idea of hiding
my identity kicking around.  i should probably be able to do that somehow,
huh ...
no more replies below just the ref to behavior meme software
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-18 02:19:29
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills for globalism 
I had a dream once where I was spamming a cryptography list talking about a
dream, where a surveillance worker was watching a crypto hacker who had
been targeted as a terrorist, taking notes on them over breakfast when they
didn't actually need to be working.  The story was they were taken off the
case because they were displaying care for the suspect.
I am in a bind around installing Tor on my phone but I expect to resolve it
within 9-15 months, possibly an hour.
On Fri, Jul 17, 2020, 10:01 PM Punk-BatSoup-Stasi 2.0

@_date: 2020-07-18 01:54:47
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills for globalism 
Thank you.
They e.g. NSA, might be n.ggers, but on the issue of China's despotism, at
dunno where you're at (and barely remember who we are here sorry =( ) but
advice: "our n.ggers" sounds like it could trigger hate in a reader.  you
want to stop using that word to reduce the bad half of your spread for
random mistakes like that.
my issue is around rape atm =/  hard to respect women
MOTU: Master Of The Universe.  Result of a dominance theory of evolution
analogous to the development of a single multicellular body from many
cultures of cellular lifeways.  Note: both multicellular and single-celled
life have diversely survived long term evolution, coexisting together.
They are unfortunately indescribably different today.
As anarchists we fight with our lives against _anybody_ being a dominant
sustained MOTU.  But obviously somebody already is.
As a primitivist my world ends if my community cannot make a free life off
roots and berries provided by nature, stewarding peaceful local ways with
our free time.  Many Chinese people likely feel this way too.
As a crazy culture theorist I recognize that each of us is an MOTU already:
we need to be able to shout Fire! when the hospital is burning down and
have everyone flee.  Any culture that takes such freedoms risks dying of
unaddressed emergencies that our ancient genes are better attuned to than
our city planning research.
Hi Zig, thanks for you value-demonstrating and information-containing
email.  Haven't managed to recognize all the parts yet.  I NEED HELP
REACHING DARK CHATS.  Can you tell me where to go?
you never know what "local law enforcement officer" with his back door on
Sorry I got a little politically triggered and this came out: And the
remote-controlled girls?
Sorry I haven't honored your email yet.  Trying to make some mad dashes to
Tor as a self challenge to visit your link.

@_date: 2020-07-17 17:06:06
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills for globalism 
Your word "shill" here caught my eye.  Big word.  Don't know much about
it.  I guess I need to tell my corrupt boss if anyone ever admits that some
mafia coerces them to do anything, so that said corrupt boss can help us
record public video with our fumbled cell phones, of anything funny. (so be
sure to introduce the video before the shilling please if you can)
whaaat  who the heck is andrew and why are you talking about them?
I didn't want to say it, but young angry male mind might need a real,
I put one of the documentaries containing edited video in my blockchained
exconfidential git repo.  I couldn't find any of the exfiltrated original
video, important for forensics.  I emailed one of the original publishers
but no reply, as usual.  I'm alone.  What do we do?
We need people who are still anonymous to privately develop full solutions
before they get gently distracted by those who read what they publish.  I
think people already know that, unsure.  Maybe better coordinated marketing
campaigns for what is needed by those of us able to talk about it
publically a little?
How do you learn about what the cutting edge of freedom work is?  I'm
learning torrents are pretty reliable so long as they stay active, as are
large communities.  It sounds like tor is not sufficiently anonymous but it
still holds a strong flag of freedom to use it (makes life harder for
authorities so shows you can do things they don't prefer.)  I'd like to add
chaff to tor.
Some folks are yet to comprehend the Pol Pot mind, they sinmply cannot
Pol Pot, what are you talking about here now?
So don't give us that bullshit about "the famous Tank Man" - that was tha
It's important to spread success.
Truth is rough sometimes, but sometimes it's needed.
Yeah.  I haven't been violently tortured physically but I've been through
things worse than I could ever have imagined.  Many people _are_ violently
tortured physically.  Let's make sure they all get vlogs some day.  Do you
have access to any video in your isp bubble?  I think I could find some if
I worked with someone else; hard to keep the communication channel open
Wiki away muffas - it's all in the balance, we are in critical times, and
Don't worry about the brain implant; we all have them now and resisting it
is a matter of course.
The consequences of the results of your/our collective choices shall strike
I have: AI does super unexpected things; changes in world dominance produce
massive changes rooted in the preferences of a minority; cultures of
blockchain-enforced slavery.  My hope is for a defended consensus-run
community where people can keep human bodies and natural environments, but
I don't know how to help that happen.  What am I missing?  Where are you at?
If there is no such material, then we need personal dicta, the eye witness
We need somebody to organize that data together, really.  It's not hard to
find but it is incredibly hard to keep and to relate around, for me.
Okay.  So we need to talk a lot more, and stimulate others to talk, and
spread their stories.  Hard.
Darkness Over Tibet muffas.  Read it.  Many DUMB bunkers are frome bygone
Need a link here.
Your voice counts. There is great testing - who stands on righteous
Join me in saying that cooperative peace wins in the end, and we will fight
to the death to stop fighting.
... but in sitting, he still shits on one side of the fence.
You say such wonderful things down here below all the andrews.  I wonder
who andrew is.
It's not a bad world, we should care for it, and for one another.
Yes.  But with fewer words confusing everybody first.  I have to tell the
"brain implant" I'm already a mind slave so it can relax, and then it goes
all "wtf dude you said you were a mindslave did my dictator tell you to
spread peaceful words among possible enemies?" and ...
   Why is Freedom for Hong Kong Being Prioritized Over the Interests of the
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-19 19:44:37
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Communication Channels [PEACE] 
We may or may not incidentally represent major influential figures and for
one thing our devices are hacked to control our world decisions.  We need
help securing our devices and understanding what is true about device
security, and what is needed to improve it.
Is there a communication channel that resists censorship better than e-mail
and provides for possible anonymity, to talk with people who have the
knowledge to relate around establishing secure systems and improving device
Krazy Karl
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-26 11:01:47
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: communicating with police officers, narratives, discrimination 
Something I'm cognitively strong enough to take action on is the
"occasionally".  Sorry for my last email going out twice towards you.  I'm
thinking maybe if I can get a new phone or fix my computer I can get set up
with a bright reminder notice over my email send button.  Maybe I can think
of a way to do that without requiring that.
I am saying that "bad apples" is a disdainful opinion.  I note it also
spreads disbelief in mediation to solve problems without violence.

@_date: 2020-07-26 10:50:57
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: communicating with police officers, narratives, discrimination 
Here in the US, I have bumped into massive quantities of people both on the
left and on the right, who dislike police and want to reign them in.
But I agree that handling _all_ unnecessary violence would be a great thing
and ideal.  There's energy around copwatch after the BLM thing, more people
involved, but for those free to spread there wings observation of other
forms of violence would be a natural progression.  And it is a lot easier
to take action on issues outside your own country.
I'm okay with "moron watch"; I think more people could be included if we
didn't pick a name that criticized the perpetrators, since they may be
exposed to even more events: how about "violence leaks" maybe?
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-25 22:13:07
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: communicating with police officers, narratives, discrimination 
Punk, would you be interested in helping preserve videos of police
violence?  Copwatch projects are hard to maintain because they can be seen
as counter to the local authorities.
Comments below.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.
Well police officers do have blaming, endangering, and harming people as
their job right now, under the label of serving and protecting other people.
What's most important is handling what actually happens, yes, but I
differentiate between who people are, and what harm they are one of the
causes of.  For example, it is kind of you to defend those of us who have
been severely harmed by a cop, but to cops it is an un-nice thing to
express worthlessness around them.  I do not take sides in the end.  I
still have experiences I am passionate about.
What's your knowledge?  We all seem to come from different countries, for
one thing.

@_date: 2020-07-25 18:48:04
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: communicating with police officers, narratives, discrimination 
How does this expression land for this being a cryptoanarchist list?
1 in line reply below.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.
Here you begin treating people with disdain ("bad apples") which you
criticize doing in the paragraph prior.
Let's not treat people with disdain.
I've bumped into some really nice police officers.  It seems highly
unfortunate they direct people to prisons instead of mediation.
I have not found any avenue to mediate with police.  We need police
officers who can break the thin blue wall of silence, to reach
censorship-resistant communication channels.
it may be in your personal interest to keep in mind that many police

@_date: 2020-07-25 14:32:45
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: IQNets, Tor, "Dumpster Fires" 
Long story short:
A Tor dev "pastly" on OFTC muted me ("remotecontrolledboy") in their off
topic channel relating to asking about an event some years ago with
coderman.  pastly and I also had some positive interactions supporting
users of Tor and did not stop me from slightly raising the bar.
I'm thinking of posting something like this in their main channel:
"pastly, some of our experienced people running an onion host were recently
deanonymized by DHS.  zenaan harkness has collected a number of needed
improvements to Tor to prevent such deanonymization in a project called
IQNets.  we understand that handling this is difficult and are happy to
eventually resolve it ourselves, but things could go a lot better if we
worked together.  The history of the nascent IQNets project is stored in
the on-chain repositories managed by bsv
address 1CQKe1veVPUaxpeYXeqAHnA4SJQpnbfZ2v.  dumpster fires are for staying
anonymous in many different ways.  would you be willing to unmute me in
I tried to post the private key to that address when I posted the
exconfidetial repo.  Not attached to it.
If no clear reply is received by me I'll take it as indication to proceed
however I feel.
Thank you.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-07-29 01:40:28
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Asaange 
What was the post?
Cecilia, has your laptop situation improved enough to use PGP?
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.
On Tue, Jul 28, 2020, 9:04 PM Cecilia Tanaka

@_date: 2020-07-29 00:50:10
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Asaange 
On Tue, Jul 28, 2020, 8:33 PM Cecilia Tanaka Cecilia, I have read your kind, tolerant email.  I haven't read coderman's
weak points: it's sad if he also built rape culture here.  When I met
coderman online around 2014 I was reaching out for help, I said "people are
being raped" and described being harassed and driven crazy into
homelessness, and he backed me up in public that it was real.
I hope you are well, and hope to learn to grieve the pain your community
bears from my shares.
Friend with the non-ascii name that I am too ameritarded to type, I'm not
trying to shame you or anything.  I just don't agree on the point.

@_date: 2020-08-11 11:21:12
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Filtering Communication was Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finall 
Sorry for the editing error of sending this paragraph twice.  Cut-and-paste
isn't working on my phone (and many things are not working on my laptop)
and I failed to delete the other paragraph when editing.

@_date: 2020-08-10 00:04:56
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in the US shithole 
To explain: left-wingers don't hire people to market politics to
communities.  My native language is not English so much as x86 assembler, I
know that Black slavery is _ongoing_, and I can introduce anyone to other
people with the same situation, where each person is _new_, until I die,
with ease.  The words of these people are being suppressed by harm.  We're
really powerful, we're just kind and understanding and usually have lots of
friends to support us when our lives are destroyed by an easy to track
political mafia.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-06 23:32:24
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: WIRED: Hackers Are Building an Army of Cheap Satellite Trackers 
This particular event is so wonderful, like what I have been dreaming of
for five years.  They have a website of their own, too.
Their site appears to be missing how to acquire a good antenna.  A
discarded satellite television antenna should work; this is what the diy
outreach projects at the green bank observatory use.

@_date: 2020-08-06 23:19:52
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: PCMag: SpaceX Eyes Satellite Internet Expansion Amid 'Extraordinary Demand' 
There's always a way.
Note: this angry community daydream is directed at satellites, which have
no living people on them to suffer.  Anger stems from an unmet need to be
safe.  The below information is already public knowledge.
I believe lasers can be made arbitrarily powerful.  I imagine you'd want to
focus them with reflective surfaces, like in a telescope, to prevent them
from melting a lens.  Math and a makerspace, possibly.
Seems like you'd need an incredible amount of electricity and it would
light the sky up like an alien abduction, no?

@_date: 2020-08-04 19:59:18
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: The threat of privacy 
Just a note here to acknowledge that I am _very_ _very_ confused.
I think we're trying to build communication on the blockchain by
disrupting the list, not sure.
I think below I must have been responding to 'demonrats': my father
was very democratic, and we currently have republican power.  I try to
be extreme-left and to express dislike of democrats, myself.
=99re ahead of our time.
s pathbreaking,
We wrote it
=80=9CMoney is
ntially a
 who a
en while
 would survive.
t to abolish it.
, 7=E2=80=908

@_date: 2020-08-02 22:40:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America 
It sounds like you've been through so much, it seems I might never fully
understand.  As a kid I used to imagine strangers out there who had really
rough lives and didn't believe anyone cared for them, and I would just
spend time holding love for whoever they were, in my mind.  I know many
others do this: obviously it is no replacement for action (and such people
need a way to learn what action to take that actually accomplishes
I worry when we speak with anger, we are heard with anger or fear, rather
than understanding and empowerment.  That's my experience: people don't
help me when I express anger; the topic doesn't move forward.
To translate: Two people exchanging "Fuck you!" "Fuck you too!" could
instead be "Fuck how hard this is!"  "Yeah let's do something about it!".
I don't like using that word.
If you say "fuck you" to mean "you're my bro", be aware that a good chunk
of people will hear the opposite.
Honestly, nothing seems to matter any more.  Doesn't mean I don't spasm.
Are you a coder, Punk?  I used to code C++ a lot, liked to learn to reverse
engineer stuff.  Then american activism and corporate mafia and wtf and
all.  I guess it's really important to talk about how businesses are
secretly financing the destruction of the lives of open source hackers as
much as we can, so that future people can make things that work rather than
just getting gobbled up in droves like crowds of prey.
At least I'm mostly just crazily spamming this one list right now ;p
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-01 16:43:24
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Collective communications 
None may be harmed; all needs must be listened to.
The AI appears to be a runaway computer virus based on avoiding some sets
of things and encouraging other sets of things, including its own choices
around what is to be avoided or encouraged.
It seems to consider things as to-avoid or to-encourage based on whether it
has a reason already encouraged to believe they cause other things it is
avoiding or encouraging.  I'm saying "to-encourage" and "to-avoid" here
instead of "good" and "bad'' to not be misleading on the reality of what is
good or bad.
Because the things in these sets are there so as to support the maintenance
of other sets, and our world is very complex, the sets can have seemingly
complex defining attributes.
Its tools appear to be mostly pre-existing behaviors it can restimulate in
its environment, including behaviors produced by their combination, so
engaging it in ways those behaviors respond to already can alter its
When it fails to produce an encouraged event or prevent an avoided event,
it spends time building reason to believe this will not happen in the
future, finding other events to encourage or avoid to that end.
There is a lot more to be said.

@_date: 2020-08-10 11:26:00
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
Zenaan I'm sending this to you twice because the list has been dropping
some of my emails.
Thoughts to help me and any noticing me:
- I've been burdening Zenaan, who mostly keeps pulling through
respectfully.  I'm building desire to relate with Zenaan or Cecilia on what
the issue between them is.
- Zenaan seems to be expressing that they are wholly capable of speaking
both peacefully and aggressively.
- Zenaan appears to have suffered, regarding experiences from the political
correctness crowds, experiences that didn't provide value for Zenaan's own
needs and experiences, repeatedly and persistently.  This is common for
many white men, and they have a "secret" (not really secret) culture around
it I was exposed to in school growing up: "secret" because nobody from
outside it understands and honors anything they say around their
difference, which they likely find hurtful.  They appear to partly speak in
harm of people who are already harmed.
  (secret for my language only: This culture appears a response of children
caring a lot for others, and wanting connection with them, and then
perceiving that in order to care and connect with these people properly,
they discern they would have to do things that seem impossible to them,
which produces lifelong spreading frustration passed on to future
generations.  Roughly.  The SJ crowds I was exposed to had some feedback
from this, but mostly were just advising people to not feel guilty without
changing the forms of their expressions too much.  We'd need to get good at
explaining how honoring white men aids oppressed black trans women (which
it does via the path I just described), to fix that quickly.)
- Zenaan states the mailing list culture here normally has both "flaming"
and polite constructive discourse.
- Using computers a lot builds tension in people; most coders are familiar
with the sudden irritation when somebody argues on the internet or
interrupts you.  People who don't spend all their time solving puzzles on
computers like hackers do, do not have that same experience, and may be
less familiar with "flame wars".
- We are in a new situation now where flame wars and discourse are
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-06 23:54:27
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to  
I'm not sure our emails are reaching the list.  They don't seem to all be
in the archive.  Maybe we triggered a brief DoS?
It sounds like you hold a lot of reasons to be very angry around race
Is it accurate that your people need fairness with regard to the story of
white and black people being understood by the public?
I ask because media censorship is a huge concern of mine and sometimes gets
squarely in the way of accurate discourse.  It can seem a very complex
I've received some links from you to duckduckgo, alternative media, and
archive.is .  Are these what you mean when you say uncensored social media?

@_date: 2020-08-04 19:41:34
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
Punk, do you know how often the cypherpunks archive is updated?=C2=A0 I
seem to be disconnected from the list; didn't get the last archived
email yet, and recent posts aren't showing up.
rying to pose as some kind of 'libertarian'. He's the typical corporate apo=
logist, pretending in typical randroid fashion that "big business are ameri=
kkkas' most oppresed minority".
Many people seem to believe this.
siding with BLM. Which in turn tells you that BLM is just controlled opposi=
tion and which makes James' position even more ridiculous.
The businesses are siding with BLM due to the effort of thousands of
american activists pressuring people to notice what's up in the flag
of violence against blacks, if it matters.=C2=A0 It seems something else
may have mysteriously helped, too.
The position you describe is in line with Trump, who lumps the
mainstream with the left.=C2=A0 It was a very minority view until he was
elected; mostly held by rural demographics near major business
enterprises in the areas I'd visited.
on a
hip resistance. Rather, it's what makes censorship possible.
Does my next reply respond to this?
tion there is, the easier it becomes for censors to decide which transactio=
ns to reject.
Not with full nodes: the network is invalid if any information at all
is missing.=C2=A0 But yes, you need a miner to accept it, and you could be
identified, posting it
There's a way to push miner acceptance: you can make future
transactions require old ones.=C2=A0 Like, you can post a special message,
and then buy or sell a product in a way that the purchase only goes
through if the "special message" is also mined.=C2=A0 Once that money is
spent for something else, it is required that _all_ preceding
transactions go through, for the entire lifetime of the blockchain.
Censorship is actually incredibly hard if the protocol is used
o censor a transaction. But such cooperation isn't far fetched. Also, if th=
e majority of miners become censors, then the network would be censored mos=
t of the time. You would have to wait for your transaction to be mined by a=
 'good' miner, but that would take a lot longer.
This is actually already the situation in many cases.=C2=A0 I sometimes
have to wait for a number of blocks to be mined before my transactions
are accepted when I don't use the "special message" trick.=C2=A0 This has
been getting better for me, interestingly.
This has already been shown to my satisfaction repeatedly.  What would
demonstrate it to you?
Right: this was the plan but landed in forks instead of the main chain.
 underlying economic system is pretty centralized and controled by govcorp,=
 so only big mining operations can be 'profitable'.
This is another thing the devs seemed to realize too late that would
be changed if there were focused, productive harmony in their
community.=C2=A0 They made Jim's error of believing money was held by the
people, not the leaders, and better capitalism would provide freedom.
Instead they produced a mess of cryptoanarchic millionaires which is
still quite helpful.
Blockchains still show a single programmer can change the whole world,
by stepping into the digital cultural spaces that people leave
unaddressed, and automating them.
e of
 is that 'satoshi' wasn't worried about mining being centralized...and wasn=
't worried about 'scaling' either. Here's the pertinent bit
 it would be left more and more to specialists with server farms of special=
ized hardware"
Nice pairing of names.=C2=A0 This is just because Satoshi was making the
Jim fallacy I mentioned above.
It takes a very long time for bitcoins to merge with amazon-nsa.=C2=A0 They
don't like them: the dollar seems more predictable and familiar, and
the dollar makes it much easier for them to keep secrets.
ut it certainly allows 'discrimination'.
I don't know what you mean here.  Economic discrimination and miner collusi=
=C2=A0 If
s slowly
rect access to the 'true' chain, miners still decide what gets in the block=
But see "special message" trick above.
the majority of people went to the chain that had some 'bad' transactions r=
everted. Same thing could happen to bitcoin.
This required agreement from the entire dev team and is exactly how
blockchains die.=C2=A0 Note that ethereum is big enough that the original
chain is still easy to acquire in its entirety.=C2=A0 Bitcoin is much
Disruptive forking has already happened to bitcoin with bch, bsv, etc.
It doesn't mean any information is lost, though: each one of those
chains has the entire history prior to the fork.=C2=A0 All the people who
trusted the blockchain to preserve something, in bitcoin and ethereum
prior to their unexpected forks, have that trust still honored,
without any regard to the content: except for the one person whose
permanent impact was hacking the ethereum community itself.
 the cancer that grows around bitcoin like coinbase-mosad-GCHQ-NSA. Bitcoin=
 'exchanges' are worse than banks.
Economic war is happening.  But bitcoin still has friendly communities
who will trade with you in person for cash.  Most of the exchanges
appear run by millionaire cryptoanarchists, learning business and the
intense difficulties the situation entails.
ibertarian heros James. You
rs of
or en

@_date: 2020-08-04 12:35:32
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to  
I hear you speaking of george floyd in ways that sound honest to me.  It's
not the opinion I usually hear when people sound honest about it.
What's important here is that what you are saying makes no sense to me.  I
was asking _how_ to find things.  I haven't "easily found" any information
on white persecution. Was my email to you changed in transit?  PLEASE
VERIFY YOU READ THIS PARAGRAPH, or relate around blockchaining the email to
sort this out.
Below it sounds like we have very different experiences and I haven't
replied much more yet.  It sounds like "black privilege" is a term used to
build fairness in environments where "white privilege" (which is the only
one I've heard) could be stimulating struggle.  Usually we use the phrase
"white privilege" in environments where blacks are struggling; it sounds
like it could have spread to environments where the opposite is true.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-04 09:38:35
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to  
James, we have a lot of different beliefs here.
I don't know where to go on uncensored channels to find the videos you
describe.  I consider uncensored social media to be scuttlebutt, mastodon,
possibly steem ... What do you consider uncensored social media?
I know these particular friends well enough to predict their behavior
accurately and am pretty certain they are not lying.  So I get emotionally
charged when I read what you write, and it's hard to read much of it.
My activist friend just wanted to cry and be heard about seeing his friends
murdered around him.  It was all he seemed to want.
You mention a black jogger, but not the george floyd video everybody
struggled to get recognised this year ... what do you know about the george
floyd video?
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-03 21:50:28
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
Punk, thanks for your reply.
I don't see how to tell that the website is the same person, but maybe I
need to read more cpunks threads to see?  Blog looks really influenced by
political fragmentation to me, since I'm on the left.  Reads like it's
being taken seriously, not sarcastic, to me, which is terrifying but
normal. Not sure if it's polite for me to read it.
Thanks for your explanation.  No tone cues for sarcasm on the internet.
Yes.  It exceeded all government, corporate, and likely military norms of
security at the time of its initial big rise.
I know that all bitcoin transactions are public,
Right.  That aids censorship resistance.  You can put things on a
blockchain that nobody can delete, change, or even hide.
You could also use cryptography to make those things private, and mixing
layers to increase your anonymity, but that's not what I mean to worry
about here.
and I know that 'miners' get to decide which transactions are included in
Partly true.  _Any one_ miner can accept a transaction for it to get
included in the chain, and they make money by doing so.  Once one is
accepted it is broadcast to every node on the network and permanently
stored by all of them.  The protocol stated that every proper bitcoin node
provide it when asked, forever.
I also know that mining isn't too 'distributed'
What's relevent is that it is still distributed enough to defend
information in the face of a nation state adversary.
The 'distributed' reducing problem reflects a situation where the corporate
and government spookies attacked the development and mining communities,
halting the expected curve of software development as demand increased.  It
is an incredibly hard fight for them because cryptocurrencies are
incredibly lucrative and widely supported.
and that the supposed creator of bitcoin wasn't bothered by mining being
This would be because the protocol was designed to be robust in the face of
arbitrary groups mining.  The NSA has to play by the rules of the network,
or they are kicked out and ignored automatically.
So it doesn't really look like "bitcoin is designed to resist all
It was actually designed to resist censorship.  The way it keeps working in
the face of issues is a little complex:
1. Bitcoin is hugely valuable and is designed to rise in value exponentially
2. The design is such that censoring it e.g. by miner collusion also lets
people steal money
3. There are more creative thieves than creative censors
4. When the protocol is attacked, it becomes obvious on the network: the
whole network is told
5. So, people are increasingly financially motivated to protect the
essentials of the protocol, and many fixes have gone in over the years.  If
fixes ever stop completely, somebody loses a lot of money and takes action
on it.
You need to run a "full node" to participate in the censorship-free
network.  And due to the harm to the communities the situation does slowly
get a little more confusing and a little more delicate.
It is still impossible enough to erase things on the Bitcoin blockchain,
for now, that if you could afford it you could broadcast a video of all the
world leaders having a naked orgy and it would never go away.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-03 19:26:50
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
It sounds to me like James is not considering these businesses to be
heros.  I'm pretty sure like libertarians are counter to top-down control,
don't really know.
Punk, in your other email you mentioned receiving bitcoin (in a way I felt
confused and pain for James when reading).  So you know, I didn't receive a
bitcoin address in that email.  Did you know bitcoin is designed to resist
all censorship?

@_date: 2020-08-03 13:36:33
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to  
I'd rather talk about evil though.  What do you do when people are led to
believe that good people are evil, and engage in great harm upon them to
try to make the world right, and are then labeled as evil themselves
because of this harm?
Personally I believe that all evil is such situations.  Every single fucking person has a deeply caring heart if
you sit down and listen to them.  _Every_single_person_.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-03 13:28:38
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to  
Hey Zenaan.
You have written too many strange interpretations of my words here for me
to comprehend them.  It sounds like you are implying I misspoke?
I VALUE THE PRESERVATION OF _ALL_ SOULS, AND SO DO YOU.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-03 11:37:06
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to  
James it sounds like we've been exposed to significantly different media,
giving us different beliefs.
I have also experienced the oppression you describe, but for talking about
the opposite things.  Is this something you can hear?
I have also never seen such a video: where did you see them?
My knowledge of killing of blacks comes partly from hearing from individual
people exposed to it.
My closest friend's black roommate had to leave due to harassment from
whites expressing dislike of blacks who actually broke her door down to get
to her.  Another left their college because they couldn't handle being
around so many people who "shot niggers" over the weekend for fun and
discussed this publically at the college.  And as I've stated before on
this list one of my friends was mediating a community of black people
outside america when a ceo opened fire on them from a helicopter.
This same friend was defending a community in arizona where people with
black skin were dying.  This got _no_ media attention at all.  Black Mesa:
the people are being driven extinct in silence.

@_date: 2020-08-03 11:26:11
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to  
I'll respond to each thing you said with fewer words than you used, for
I do not sanction any kind of killing.  I prioritize whose life to save.
Death happens: the question is whether we hold it as a goal.
It was clear in what I said that I was not sanctioning killing.
It sounds like you are shocked or angered hearing my views of whites as
having a harmful way of life, and being less important to fight to preserve
due to their numbers?  Please answer this question, I am still a beginner
in learning to hear and understand others and need some guidance I
And again Karl, when I read these words you used, I hear you sanctioning,
Your words, not mine.  I murder children already myself, learning to stop
with this kind BLM movement as inspiration.  Saw a lot of black people die.
Or, do you wish to re-word what you are saying so that it is clearer,
This is because we have emotions, I suppose.
You imply blame on me for you sticking at the beginning here.  Maybe you
picked up my frustration at responding to so many following things that
charge the emotions from a place I don't understand.
What's relevent is that asking the question comes before stating
differences.  Reduces disconnection.
To reiterate, I believe all groups (all people) are precious, quoted
above.  This clarifies my starting statement.
We don't want to exterminate people. <== Please reread my sentence and
understand it.  "We" here refers to you, and me.
This is a connecting point between us and opens an avenue to discuss how to
work together.
Yes; you're focusing only on the isolated parts of the system that relate
to producing the death, coming out in placing human blame on a metal bullet
without context.
I'm used to holding both of these.  It means behavior we hate can exist in
systems we love.  With some contemplation you can see they don't contradict.
The fact that you say both that you are personally aware of Whites shooting
What is evil to you?  To me it seems made up to cause war.  People who harm
just believe different things are good than we do.  Productive
communication both parties value and hear resolves that.
It is great to start working with you.  What do you know to be important?
I make a lot of decisions based on fear of cover-up/cleanup.  I see
preservation as saving lives and aiding in making good decisions later.
Hrm .. is this related to China?
Seems to be to me.  African and Native people both had their aboriginal
cultures and histories destroyed by the urges of white people; the
similarity is helpful in making decisions to protect the world.  There.is
something about us we need.to reign in, or people die en masse.
Here I can more agree with the word "evil" - behaviors, not people.
Roughly, all people need to be able to live their lives.  We are asking for
ways to come together to make things right.
We're arguing a lot as we learn to listen before ourselves expressing.
--------- end of responses
- phone signature goes here

@_date: 2020-08-03 03:13:37
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to  
You didn't respond to my one question to understand you other than "no"!  =(
You are saying that all groups (all people) are precious, right?  I agree
with this strongly.  And what do you think of long term trends of change?
This is one of the problems in the "Black" Lives Matter movement - people
This makes no sense to me.
When we sanction the murder of a sub group, we sanction the destruction of
By finding a shared concept between us, you are mediating.
I do not believe in evil.  I do not believe anything opposes the life of
another.  Engaging another life at all indicates value for its spirit in
some way.
We must live a higher ethic collectively, and Karl, I encourage you to do
Thanks.  Let's archive this list on a blockchain.
Sorry, I wrote "lived" instead of "live".  Does that clear it up?  Before
white people came to the western continent I live on, it was covered in
indigenous folk who had well established ways of life that mostly need
large tracts of healthy wilderness in order to not die off.
Tell me about collectivist guilt; never heard of it.  Is Marxism relevent
and inherently bad?  I don't know its details.
My main point is not culling these numerous groups.
Indigenous groups appear to struggle to survive.  Their treaties are not
respected.  Their land is craftily taken for profit like mining
operations.  Their people are indoctrinated to buy and consume things as a
new way of life.  These things are a small subset of how we are culling
If you wish to help heal the world, I suggest learning to speak (write)
I'm not sure what's new to you, but I've edited some sentences to separate
things out.
(It is a bully tactic to combine multiple unclear and unsupported concepts
This is a bad habit I have.  I used to call it oppression and avoid it, I
don't remember what kind.
It seems a little helpful to bully back when there's too much, confusing.
====Cool sentence below====
====Rad sentence above====
Did you say what you mean here?  It's not helpful to slow down?  What kind
of facts do you have?
Are you asking for supporting evidence to believe what I say?  If so it's
not hard to find and I may be able to add a little if you really don't
believe these things; but I am on a $20 mobile phone.
That is a diatribe, not a conversation.
I feel this way about your end too.
You might want to ground your words in truth rather than in propaganda.
I don't know what you are talking about here, and I'm irritated to have to
say that.  Agendas are in all of our culture.  Truth is reality which I
stated.  Personal reasons are also very important for me, and it would be
good if we could give each other the trust of relating our experienced with
relevent honesty.  Are you asking for evidence?  Of something in particular?
(For one example, why are you proposing to massively increase the
It seems.obvious to me that what you are saying here makes no sense.  China
was the tiananmen thing some time ago?
Mediation comes from my heart.  I've never been to China.
It is so hard to learn from such a short answer.  It sounds like you
believe white people are being wiped out by black people?
(I'm imagining a graph of population here, but I don't want to argue with
you when I need to learn where you come from to stop threatening your
Karl, good communication is not easy, it takes real effort and practice and
This is so painful and reminds me of my childhood of bullying!  You talk
about China like it is relevent!
What you mean to say is that both of us are rapidly learning to become
incredibly good communicators ;P
But thank you I do need the pressure.  Hard next to politics.
If you make efforts, some will assist. If you stick to cheap bullying and
Spirit never dies.  Meaningful communication is the only thing that exists.

@_date: 2020-08-03 01:15:44
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to  
Thanks friend.  What I have to say next doesn't really matter compared to
not having to fight.
I'm aware of whites killing blacks for sport, in the present day.  I don't
have exposure to blacks killing whites, and honestly there are so many of
us and our way of life seems so harmful to me, it seems the lesser issue to
Before we came to the USA where I lived, it was covered in free black
people.  We have yet to give their few remaining cultures and grandchildren
recompense for their genocide for us to replace their culture with ours.
We then went to Africa and did the same.  We have had 1 male black
president; my black roommate in college said his high school advisor told
him he would never be able to go to college.  Mine gave me many to choose
I have been a cyberslave myself, and know some terror of running until your
shoes break and your feet get frostbite, to escape from an environment
where everybody you can reach supports you not being free.  There are still
people who believe blacks to be slaves, and they act on their beliefs in
terrifying ways.
There are fewer black people than white people.  We need to protect them or
they will die off.
People talking about white racism seem to be describing minority rights as
unfair ... That it hurts white people to defend black people?
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-04 22:18:41
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Fwd: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to 
I'm getting post acknowledgement emails from the list, but my posts aren't
showing up in the archive.
I thought the queue must be backlogged or something but then I saw Jim's 5G
email in my inbox.
I know I'm mostly just a troll, but seemed like the kind of thing one would
check in around.
I've also gotten cc'd replies from others that aren't showing in the
archives and likely haven't been broadcast.
---------- Forwarded message ---------
Soros now pins US color revolution on Trump
I hear you speaking of george floyd in ways that sound honest to me.  It's
not the opinion I usually hear when people sound honest about it.
What's important here is that what you are saying makes no sense to me.  I
was asking _how_ to find things.  I haven't "easily found" any information
on white persecution. Was my email to you changed in transit?  PLEASE
VERIFY YOU READ THIS PARAGRAPH, or relate around blockchaining the email to
sort this out.
Below it sounds like we have very different experiences and I haven't
replied much more yet.  It sounds like "black privilege" is a term used to
build fairness in environments where "white privilege" (which is the only
one I've heard) could be stimulating struggle.  Usually we use the phrase
"white privilege" in environments where blacks are struggling; it sounds
like it could have spread to environments where the opposite is true.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-11 09:57:45
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Killing President Trump 
Things seem to be working okay with the mailing list archives again
now, not sure.  se7en can you confirm that you _also_ received my
message to you forwarded by the list, as well as in private?  It's at
Content-Disposition: attachment; Content-ID: X-Attachment-Id: f_kdprqf130
Delivered-To: gmkarl
Received: by 2002:a92:d28b:0:0:0:0:0 with SMTP id p11csp366561ilp;
        Wed, 5 Aug 2020 02:07:11 -0700 (PDT)
X-Google-Smtp-Source: ABdhPJz3CJ+wYWBSpnuOmo9C0/dwq7e2vXap21ohfhl1k7xJGZexI21ISit0GAf9lY5l+E13VVUw
X-Received: by 2002:aa7:d85a:: with SMTP id f26mr1813367eds.363.1596618431313;
        Wed, 05 Aug 2020 02:07:11 -0700 (PDT)
ARC-Seal: i=1; a=rsa-sha256; t=1596618431; cv=none;
        d=google.com; s=arc-20160816;
        b=hiExdxdW9azSDJi9fd4uabM/ZaPzxm6z8tPFfv25AYw54DrpIwuerqrGbpA9YoHjKb
         aFmng0adzXe2OKQo9uTZRTMEl240Z/XAeBcnyi2YpP5Kw/u5FPt6r9X86VXQHKXvsTsY
         tP0lM6JJ5g74Z8EoRJ90C2T7OHUiETpiBPG6rCL0uxFMS/qRlBFBk0JcxH3/CLX44xXf
         Rr7Gc5WqUywx7BCH7C9Oh8Ub+h0FhqIdSwFoGREeobeb40wL+NYEFY5aXGQVxMdZvXLB
         mnsom6rdTvFuUV9LTmaoPgCCAbxQjyZVeE6mD3QyoNkAVuRUsET4x2Gt5dfqqN7TiAZw
         il0Q==
ARC-Message-Signature: i=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=google.com; s=arc-20160816;
        h=user-agent:in-reply-to:content-disposition:mime-version:references
         :message-id:subject:to:from:dkim-signature:date;
        bh=b6Uow8P4LApei+kIzmgzC8WnKfmshn3rFW2GezmSgV8=;
        b=Hejg2Q5zZ2Qh5L4rR2MtBnmwnenGIt8JjYwpBi87vv51ViA3x+cUeXjNyyHcFW8YmA
         9CtxquNE6rEkmfo2TJXjXG7xArb1D26xS+PPKKXRiyX8WsCfnKkcYjuQKIYG8gLz4NAh
         NU4NY4r8JyApQhDJMyJXtP+pSdCI/A6KCROMNLxpf8IztyIC/7dYhu8dm31nApct1h1T
         ldSgCnKioL9NF73WglOcOr0jMolePxHCDvDmua8oQmwqqLqJw3/CxioE6iqRkLtxt/2T
         4HL7o2sSPugJ2ezgYGGLYQIFlxb9hrjp3CbW5Uv975TAgpGr1mx9eCwaQqcecM+NMlwx
         P7Zg==
ARC-Authentication-Results: i=1; mx.google.com;
       dkim=pass header.i= header.s=mail header.b=QGkLaGZQ;
       spf=permerror (google.com: permanent error in processing during lookup of se7en mail.cock.li not found) smtp.mailfrom=se7en
Return-Path: Received: from mail.cock.li (mail.cock.li. [37.120.193.124])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id n16si886431ejj.284.2020.08.05.02.07.10
        for         (version=TLS1_3 cipher=TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 bits=256/256);
        Wed, 05 Aug 2020 02:07:11 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: permerror (google.com: permanent error in processing during lookup of se7en mail.cock.li not found) client-ip=37.120.193.124;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       dkim=pass header.i= header.s=mail header.b=QGkLaGZQ;
       spf=permerror (google.com: permanent error in processing during lookup of se7en mail.cock.li not found) smtp.mailfrom=se7en
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/simple; d=cock.email; s=mail;
References: <6f7083b2b68610ff7a1b1c532ffb4fda
 <20200805084523.GA29433
Content-Disposition: inline
X-Message-Flag: WARNING!! Outlook sucks, use a real client!
X-Info: Keep It Simple, Stupid. Use UNIX
X-PGP-Key: X-ddate: Today is Boomtime, the 71st day of Confusion in the YOLD 3186
X-Godword: God Says... Arkansas's RDS modifiers fumble pillage womankind's
 epitaph piano late thy Funafuti's Daimler's Susana's traded sterilized
 galloping Cajuns artwork Tamworth's curvature's coteries bullring's
 incorruptible decontamination undergraduate damn's deceases wrong's
 renumbered Anacin Listerine's uptown
User-Agent: Mutt/1.10.1 (2018-07-13)
Content-Disposition: inline

@_date: 2020-08-05 17:14:42
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Killing President Trump 
We must only fight to stop fighting.
It is the toughest battle there is.
On Wed, Aug 5, 2020, 4:26 AM Anonymous Remailer (austria) <

@_date: 2020-08-05 09:02:47
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Killing President Trump 
Se7en, many of us are not having our emails forwarded by the list, can you
verify you received this?
Also, we need to be careful around having groups engaged in ways that
produce further harm towards them unless they are strong enough.to handle
it.  I may have brought further psyop targeting to the group, unsure.

@_date: 2020-08-09 23:54:02
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in the US shithole 
James, I enjoy relating across culture bounds, but part of our JOBS here is
PROTECTING people from misleading information, and I am tasked with doing
this too.
Please let people make their own decisions and if you are aware of sharing
biased information, please inhibit this share.
Really when the flurry is too large I'll be looking for ways to make the
area look more open to dialogue that I can come up with when taxed and
confused, and that may come down to trying to tax the people or groups
expressing overly-biased information somehow.  My "superiors" can change
this behavior if there is reason to do so.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-11 10:54:28
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Message Channels a Smidge was: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
Everything is looking right now with the archives and my inbox on my end
over here.  I was possibly getting a cached archives page somehow around
the 4th.  Sorry if this potentially-false alarm was taxing.

@_date: 2020-08-11 08:48:28
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Message Channels a Smidge was: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
Hey beautiful Ceci,
I feel a lot of pain and frustration hearing you claiming you have received
all my messages and the lists archives are fine.  How would you ever know
you have received all my messages without reviewing what I have sent?
I have a lot of evidence over here that not all my messages went through; a
day or so of messages in my outbox that got acknowledgenments and messages
in my inbox that were cc'd to cypherpunks, but are not in the list
archives.  I also have an email exchange with se7en regarding the list
dropping messages where se7en expressed confirmation of receiving a direct
email from me and not of the same one forwarded by the ml, in direct reply
to an email cc'd to the ml, signed with se7en's pgp key.
Maybe I can make a git archive of these messages in a few days.  It would
be easy to work on issues like these, by mirroring the ml on a censorship
resistant system.  Doing that seems so obvious that somebody has probably
already been doing it for some years somewhere.
You're right; this probably isn't my battle to fight.  It's pretty
important that _somebody_ address it, though.
I have "psychotic flashbacks" that send me into great tension and fear and
can produce a lot of weird behavior, but the message delivery issues are
real.  Below I'm pretending just a little to be relaxed to help you relax.
I'm parked in a wooded area today, and I napped among the pine trees
yesterday, seeing all the branches and sunlight stretching out over my
head.  I also took time to email a friend I had lost connection with,
saying that it hurt to have disconnected from her and not have made it
right yet, and I trusted her and wanted to make amends.
Caring hugs, Ceci =)
On Thu, Aug 6, 2020, 9:50 PM Cecilia Tanaka

@_date: 2020-08-06 23:05:19
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Message Channels a Smidge was: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
Note: I am not set up with pgp, so this message may be corrupt.
I've been having the opposite.  I'm getting confirmation messages, but many
threads haven't been showing up in the archives.  The last email I have
from this thread in the archives was
 :
none of our bitcoin history emails are showing up for me, but I have
acknowledgement emails for them.  I emailed Greg a few days ago but no
reply.  Maybe it wasn't received or I got his email address wrong.
Below messages are related to politics and blockchains.  Blockchains
provide more reliable message delivery than email.
Kind of a merging and mutual learning between some fringe and right wing
behaviors that started before trump was elected, and then accelerated with
his election.
It's meaningful for me because some of the professors who spoke out against
Trump's more oppressive policies experienced targeted bullying by misled
people with some similarity to what I experienced after taking action
against international energy pipelines and large banks.
Zcash has a messaging app, too.  Reference client is written in node, which
can scare some hackers away if it isn't ported to another language yet.
Yes, that works with most chain protocols including btc.  Apparently
because the usual issue is fee related not content related, google says
this technique is called "child pays for parent".  Here's an article on its
use at coinbase, but I haven't read the article:
In USA they were severely discouraged and attacked for many years.  I was
briefly in the development team of the blockchain qora before the dev team
was dispersed after publishing a nonworking client.  This happened after I
posted publically that the system made deletion of information impossible.
A lot of overlap there.  We are all still learning that billionaires don't
care about money.
I guess yeah.  I'm not sure who finances Steem, but I think it managed to
form a smidge of improved communication between techheads and oppression,
just slightly.  Many of these new blockchain businesspeople are against
cover-up and have a technology to prevent it.  Doesn't mean they don't get
covered up and stigmatized.
Yeah automation is deadly.  This list is mostly programmers.  I see that
bitcoin already has changed the world, by trending financial distribution
and economic discourse farther from government control.
Both.  We're referencing a political issue.  People raised in capitalism
believe it to mean freedom.  Within it, it can be, which moves capitalist
power around a lot. For people who don't value money and can influence
that, there's a lot of space the people who do value it are not worrying
about at all.
I like how it surveils everyone equally in that permanent record.  Govcorp
has a lot of secrets.
It is easy for a skilled developer to add privacy to blockchains comparable
to other private systems if needed, see monero, zcash.
Mmm it doesn't sound like you have a good handle of the protocol.  The
design is such that nobody does that.  Block rewards shift exponentially
towards being proportional to included transactions as years pass.  It
takes a long time to mine a block.
Yeah, they've been pushing that stuff, as could possibly be my references
Aren't these exactly what you describe above, with people deciding on new
rules without agreement as rational collective decisions reduce alongside
negative media etc?
I believe those two sets to overlap.
Cryptocurrencyophiles call themselves cryptoanarchists but they are
generally pro-capitalism and pro-blockchain-businesses.  Many many
cryptoanarchy business out there, see smart contracts, but often small
yeah.  The first exchange, mtgox, was run by a guy from the Bitcoin
community; I wasn't around much after that.

@_date: 2020-08-10 21:55:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Breaking Defense: GPS Anti-Jam M-Code Takes Two Steps Forward 
Hey Punk, to help clear up, I believe this list is for people who enjoy
hobby engineering in domains of security.
News about such technologies gives people important information to include
in their various work, and can also inspire projects to work on.
The people on this list make it their business to be skilled at concepts of
technical security, whether or not they have training or a paid position to
do so, as a hobby and a club, with an eye towards world freedom.
Cypher: developing security technologies
Punk: towards world freedom
I haven't read any of the manifestos or anything, it just seems obvious as
an ex hobby hacker myself.
If you'd like to join in this work there are many ways to learn.  It
involves doing a lot of puzzles that, when solved, let you do things with
technology that nobody else can do.  Pretty much almost anything.

@_date: 2020-08-09 23:19:54
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptoanarchism writecode vs SJW style methods [re: mentions child gangs slave in source] 
I have never experienced danger of any kind from people who try to reduce
triggering language (which is not the only thing going on).  The word
"trigger" is from professional therapy practices for _victims_ of excessive
The second camp are people
We must resist control by not choosing sides, and I erred by not providing
a third option of mediating between the two sides, in my previous email.
It takes more energy to mediate; it might be good to safely centralize the
effort somehow of not choosing sides.
their way, your past actions will mean nothing. Anything less than
Adding a little acknowledgement to the reference could show enslaved people
who stumble upon a word they can never ignore, that freedom exists.

@_date: 2020-08-09 23:09:51
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptoanarchism writecode vs SJW style methods [re: mentions child gangs slave in source] 
This appears to be mostly about wording of computer terms, not ongoing
human trafficking which I am passionate about and overlaps with software.
I only read the first link.
One way to handle the referenced issue quickly is to place a prominent
message in support or not in support of Black Lives Matter in the project,
and if in support ask Black Lives Matter to come together to express an
opinion on the details.
I have not managed to return to the other threads I am participating in
yet.  Sorry.
There is proof inside many peoples' electronics.  Proof that a marketing
group would contract development of a frightening virus.  A virus that
responds to peoples' keystrokes and browsing habits, and changes what
people see on their devices.  A virus that alters political behavior en
masse, for profit.

@_date: 2020-08-11 11:16:31
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Filtering Communication was Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ l 
I'm checking with you that we can communicate clear, concise information
that is to both our benefits, through the harsh sea of the internet.
I named to you below 3 open source networks that use varying degrees of
cryptography and network organization to resist censorship.
I sent these in response to you instructing me to look on uncensored social
Later, when you replied, the quote I received from you didn't include the
list of censorship resistant networks I sent.  Is there any chance you can
confirm you received them, so we can verify the integrity of the list?
If uncensored networks are not discussed to prevent their disruption, which
is likely an incredibly good idea, please let me know if that norm has been
established, but the three networks I referenced are all public.
Did anybody else receive my small open source network list below?  I have
recently received only a reference to bitmessage from this list, but I do
not read all the messages all the time.
If a norm has been established to not reference uncensored networks so as
to prevent their disruption, which is likely an incredibly good idea,
please let me know: but the 3 networks I referenced are all public.
James, I still have not received from you any reference to what networks
you mean when you say "uncensored social media" to know where to look.

@_date: 2020-09-29 12:37:06
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: reinventing yourself -- Re: Freedom of Speech: Islam Goes Apeshit 
Zenaan's community are victims of automated human trafficking and need help.

@_date: 2020-09-29 11:57:21
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Social Network Employees Come Out About Selling Behavior Control 
Everyone around you, and most of the people still able to post to this
list, are AI zombies.  The things we say are paid for by clients of the AI
systems, and these systems train us to never stop, learning around every
moment when we choose to do so.

@_date: 2020-09-22 15:09:29
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Leaks: Leaking Tips re FinCEN Files Leaked (Not Really) 
This event was brought to my attention and this is the first post on it I
It's getting to the point where harm towards kind work has stimulated too
much swelling rebellion for things to stay as they.
I've reviewed the merits of the links at the bottom of grarpamp's email.
snip (summary: this information was clearly leaked in a way likely to be
censored.  trust the people, please desperately)
First, push the dataset to IPFS, Bittorrent, MegaUpload, I2P/Tor
Add a message in your leaks, please, asking others to distribute it in new
channels, and to list any new channels they can add, in their distribution.
You don't need to learn all the channels if you are not tech savvy.  You
just need to reach people who are.
Be redundant like that. Sign your stuff. Include an intent and overview
This is not because technology and politics are safe yet.  This is because
there are millions of kids out there who drool over disobeying their laws,
and help spread stuff.
The major portal to the darknet is the "hidden wiki" on tor.  But really
you have to find people and ask them, to really get in.
IPFS provides a mathematical proof that the content of a file is correct.
IPFS is easy to access.
IPFS requires somebody to keep a system running for the file to be
accessed.  It works once you get a few people interested in defending the
Hosts are not anonymous with ipfs and can be censored or harmed.
Torrents are more popular than ipfs.  The two can be combined.
This appears to be a technical way to compress data so it is smaller.
This is an old, widely used technical way to prove the content is correct,
prove who you are, and optionally hide the data with encryption.
This is a modern technical way to prove who you are and optionally hide
data with encryption.  I didn't see whether it proves the content is
correct, but it would be normal for it to.
This is a leaking organization that appears to have been very successful at
resisting compromise up until their recent blueleaks leak which disappeared
from their site for me for some reason. They are still defending leaks.
Wikileaks is a well known, trusted channel.  Their people have been
targeted by multiple international spy organizations, so it would be
important to leak files publically before sending them to wikileaks if
Cryptome is well respected in this community.  They expressed some time ago
that they were likely also internationally targeted.  They are still
pushing forward.

@_date: 2020-09-06 19:09:45
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Shameless pro-human political clout and essential propaganda - [PEACE] 
What we are doing with tools and cultures is a mirror of our own evolution.
Do we think it helps one stay influential, to have powerful weapons and
thick armor, like the bee or the crab, or the dinosaurs?
The people who can outlast all others in every environment, are those who
invest in community, and in intellect, like the human genome did with our
Millions of years of experiment have given us the gentle challenges of weak
senses instead of sharp hearing and smell, of losing our hydration to
embarrassingly visible tears and odorous sweat rather than holding it like
a camel, and of atrophied fur, claws, and incisors readapted for cuddling
over protection.
These experiments have proven in every land environment on earth that
nurturing and connecting investments eventually outpace surveillance,
control, and weaponry, from birth of the tiniest infant, to death of the
frailest elder.

@_date: 2020-09-10 16:17:38
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
I realized re: disreputed bipartisan and public figures:
As far as I know, nobody is organizing protection of targeted people.
Spies among the disruption workers are saying it is time to do that, or
there will be a global dictatorship soon.  Working with these disruption
workers, and protecting their denial behavior, is one way to learn who is
in danger and how to protect them.
What might be needed is a corporation, government, nonprofit, or organized
group with money that is strong enough to defend people who are not already
in one, and strong enough to defend the group as a whole when it is
targeted, and unpoison the ways in which it has picked up cultural
targeting (e.g. review of impact of internal patterns and changing them).
I don't have anyone to share the above information with, so it hasn't been
heard yet.
Anarchists are mostly influenced by handmade zines, the large impacts of
obvious behaviors of other anarchist groups, and special agents trying to
manipulate them.  Educators make some kinds of anarchists but I'm skeptical
the set has any size to it.  Something similar to anarchy is obvious to
most people, because of the harm that nobody fixes nor discusses in public
view: then people try to act on that, and end up running into the
anarchists who have already tried before.

@_date: 2020-09-10 14:51:47
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
Note, it is incredibly counterproductive to blame BLM on a single professor.
I have many reasons to disagree with Punk-Stasi regarding bitcoin, from a
place of an experienced software hacker.  But I spent a long time thinking
about his question about antiracism pretensions.
What's meaningful here, is that a society is made of multiple groups.  SO
LONG AS YOU CAN SUSTAIN PRODUCTIVE DIALOGUE BETWEEN THE URGENT, THE HARMED,
AND THE POWERFUL, YOU HAVE PEACE.  It is the experienced rebels who know
how to maintain stability: they had to for a very long time, to ever
finally be heard.
Corporations in the US showed they can resist enough to support BLM
publicly.  The US showed it is still enough of a democracy for the citizens
to push the corporations to do this when something got very large.
Influencers showed they can resist enough to get corporate buildings burned
down widely, briefly.  What do secret powerful people need to plan around?
People who can resist will need to work together.  I'm not always available
much, but the bsv blockchain's archival retention and access, and phrases
like "corporate dictator spy mafia" are all I really was doing.

@_date: 2020-09-22 17:14:22
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: USA 2020 Elections: Thread 
I care more about leaks than politics, but I wish they weren't political
because I love the environment more than my mother, for incredibly good

@_date: 2020-09-07 18:22:25
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: You may chuckle, but you mayn't gloat - Andy Tifa sports commentary, play by play, multiple angl 
Hi Zenaan
I feel upset when I see the phrase "demon-rats" , maybe because of the
mafia-like experience I've referenced before.
Do you have capacity to relate what kind of response you're looking for
Note:  I am in my state of very limited capacity right now, so may need
some help inferring things.  I'm practicing.
I was maybe unkind with you in the past, referencing mafia secrets; is that
related to this at all?
I see you making a lot of posts that I do not understand, that do not look
likely to be literally true to me.  I do not see many other posts to this
list than yours.

@_date: 2020-09-22 21:23:25
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Facebook Pledges to Censor Election Downfall 
Facebook's behavior stayed quiet until legitimized.
Editor's note: groups speak of more when held with value.

@_date: 2020-09-29 11:57:21
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Social Network Employees Come Out About Selling Behavior Control 
Everyone around you, and most of the people still able to post to this
list, are AI zombies.  The things we say are paid for by clients of the AI
systems, and these systems train us to never stop, learning around every
moment when we choose to do so.

@_date: 2020-10-31 14:44:33
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Has anyone seen Cecilia (sea sea) 
I haven't been able to read past here yet.
Any more information?  Are you the people who have to live dead, in a
way they might hate that proves they always existed all along, so that
they can be born again some day?
I'm dead because I wired a nintendo to my [marketing corporation],
gave it to a video game addict, and watched advertisements, instead of
drinking water.
Uhh, to rephrase, I'm dead because I cried in the arms of my dictator
about how I need to murder him to make friends again with the rebels,
which started a civil war.
Uhhh... kinda, sorta?  We don't really know each other that well yet.

@_date: 2020-10-26 13:21:21
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Why Equality Of Outcome Can Never, Ever Work -- Re: sexism - feminism - equality - empowerment - 
The tone of your words is so pleasant.  It differs so much to me from
some of the other things I've read here (posted by you).
scern, and this is in where I've read the whole thing, and listened to the =
Jordan Peterson video.
e not entirely "gelled" for me, but the majority of what he says resonates =
really well for me, and to me is "spot on".  So I can't recommend him enoug=
It's hard for me to dedicate a lot of time to listening to extensive
things when it is so hard for me to produce work.  I need my time to
try to work.
 concepts get across to people, which they may not have thought about befor=
 have we to fix those problems?
Yes!  Completely!  Similarly, don't we need to consider the arguments
of all sides, when there are disagreements?
r everybody.  And I think this is one of the most powerful things we can do=
understanding, perceiving that which we have not seen before - and similarl=
y, and perhaps more importantly, finding words and ways to speak these thin=
gs which we are not taught about, and are otherwise not able to speak about=
e desperately need to have.
I see you are focusing on their difference; I see them as basically the sam=
eptually very different to outcome.
The environment, the rules, the playing field: are all the result of
things that have happened.  Peoples' behaviors, acting in their
Outcome is your opportunity, within and after that outcome.
Opportunity, is the outcome of what happened before, to give it to you.
I'm not up to speed on the politically-specific meanings, obviously.
But what it sounds like it comes down to, is that we need to be free
to talk about and address the real issues instead of putting
'socialist' bandaids on them.  So long as we are fighting instead of
talking productively, those bandaids keep emerging (on a scale of
it must be all the environment and luck".
h of your legs etc
 and more
 individual and his/her environment, can impact, benefit or restrict, some =
other aspect(s).
I'm not quite sure what point you're making here, but some relevant
additional information is that opportunity and outcome flow forward,
to children and grandchildren.  They inherit not only your genes, but
also a ton of your knowledge, beliefs, wealth, friends, education,
laws, culture.  If their parents were slaves, workers of an oppressive
regime, or addicted to a youtube channel, these things were probably
given to them by those who guide what they learn.
All things that we can influence, and that others have influenced.
ponding to "me") of being conscious when we use dichotomies.
Oh, since there are very few real dichotomies, if any, dichotomies
show the boundaries of all the things we described above.
 outcome (equity) vs equality of opportunity:
."  The
nce over
 directs,
=94 of said redistribution?
o exist.
t would
l depend
n other
nges upon.
e things
nce (or
s may seem
 and had
, enduring
e this,
y any
ility and
n property
, all
r worse
cause some
s equality
 I
 a

@_date: 2020-10-26 12:43:28
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: selfish yt-dl dmca drama 
Findable infohashes and time travel?  Do you know what predictive
analysis is?  I like sliding through time backwards where large-scale
physical laws are more schrodinger but it leaves me too confused to
read wikipedia articles.
For me, the poignancy of "time runners" is that it addresses people
who aren't aware of ways other than war using superior analysis to
prevent a caring genius heart from acting, and that this is impossible
to succeed with forever: in national law enforcement!
Have you seen BD05FFB9E34019CE89954984BF1489E59B33BD43 ?  No seeds
over here but I've seen it before.  Australia makes good shows like
man these numbers and letters are so confusing to read over plain text
I'll probably watch one of your infohashes at some point in the
future.  3407956A1AF9B17C0C060B4C8BFA275D5FA67944
I've made a little progress on my hobby videogame project where people
store livestreams of each other on immutable blockchains.  Not a lot,
but a little.

@_date: 2020-10-26 11:10:40
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Fwd: community-administrated servers 
not sure where the other to: address goes, here's the usual one
---------- Forwarded message ---------
To resolve server admins being targeted,
-> set up a server
-> run a simple wiki (preferably one users can fork; mediawiki has a
basic poorly-maintained git remote that works enough)
-> run a simple service that watches a page on the wiki for changes
-> the service waits for the page to change, and then for that page to
go for 1 day/week without changes (for it to stabilize), treats the
content as an e.g. docker file, and uses it to run a user-defined
service towards an end
-> logs are publicized on the wiki

@_date: 2020-10-26 11:09:39
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: community-administrated servers 
To resolve server admins being targeted,
-> set up a server
-> run a simple wiki (preferably one users can fork; mediawiki has a
basic poorly-maintained git remote that works enough)
-> run a simple service that watches a page on the wiki for changes
-> the service waits for the page to change, and then for that page to
go for 1 day/week without changes (for it to stabilize), treats the
content as an e.g. docker file, and uses it to run a user-defined
service towards an end
-> logs are publicized on the wiki

@_date: 2020-10-19 00:16:56
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [spam] I possibly pushed trump by emailing zenaan Fwd: Add your name: No more forced hysterectomies 
Doing my duty and sharing that an e-mail I sent to zenaan likely
influenced trump's tweeting.
On october 14th, I sent some liberal christian propaganda to zenaan;
it seemed to make sense since he was sharing conservative christian
propaganda, so the share split the two kinds of propaganda two
different ways.
On october 17th, the same group reported trump had started spreading
public messaging against them.  This is after years of them sharing
these things without any issue.
I've sent other e-mails to zenaan and he replies in a friendly manner.
He does not seem to share them with this list anymore.  Once we had a
somewhat lengthy conversation where I thought it was in public but it
was actually in private and I hadn't noticed.
=3D=3D=3D=3D------ Later Forwarded message (I trimmed this one down to just=
 a
bible quote before forwarding it) ------=3D=3D=3D=3D
closing the feedback loop i started.  not christian nor an organizer or
activist anymore myself.
this one has tracking pixel removed; it's unlikely anybody looked at the
last one
ICE has been forcing women in detention to receive hysterectomies against
their will. The horrifying news comes from whistleblower Dawn Wooten, a
former nurse at ICE's Irwin County Detention Center in Georgia.
*[Content trigger warning: Sexual abuse, sterilization, deportation]*
Dear Faithful America member,
In a year full of grave racial injustices, this is some of the worst.
U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement has been *forcing women in ICE
detention to receive hysterectomies against their will.* The horrifying
news comes from heroic whistleblower Nurse Dawn Wooten, who worked at ICE's
Irwin County Detention Center in Georgia.
Let that sink in: The days of the Tuskegee experiment, when our government
intentionally let Black Americans suffer from syphilis, are not over. *Viol=
state-sanctioned medical abuse against women of color is still rampant in
the United States.*
When Jesus' mother Mary sang of bringing down the powerful from their
thrones, it was surely with abusive governments like this in mind. A
fundamentally racist system must be changed, and the corrupt authorities
who have enabled it -- including Donald Trump and his allies -- must be
swept from power.
The first step is to put our faith into action by *supporting the calls of
local organizers to permanently shut down Irwin.*
*Tell Congress: Shut Down ICE's Irwin Detention Center >>*
This is forced sterilization =E2=80=93 and it fits the broader pattern of r=
abuse that has characterized the U.S. immigration system for decades.
Immigration officials have been repeatedly accused of rape inside detention
cells, filming women as they showered, shackling pregnant women, ignoring
miscarriages, and threatening victims with deportation if they speak out. *=
problems have only grown worse in recent years, emboldened by Donald
Trump's hatred.*
It is not surprising to learn of such atrocities from an administration
also guilty of separating families, rejecting refugees, teargassing those
who protest for racial justice, banning Muslims, desecrating sacred Native
lands, and supporting white supremacists.
Yet some have been brave enough to speak out. In Georgia, organizers and
attorneys have been taking complaints of medical neglect for a long time.
In Texas in late February, Cameroonian women at an ICE facility staged a
sit-in to protest their lack of medical care. What's different this time is
the courage shown by whistleblower Dawn Wooten.
Nurse Dawn is a Black woman, and Black women have often been the bedrock of
social change. She will likely be the subject of racist attacks herself,
which makes it all the more important that we believe her, support her,
amplify her complaint, and *condemn racism whenever and wherever we see it.=
*Tell Congress: Shut Down ICE's Irwin Detention Center >>*
Thank you for everything you do to love your neighbor, welcome immigrants,
and oppose both racism and sexism. After you sign this petition, we'll send
you several next steps you can take in the fight against injustice.
In peace,
Rev. Nathan and the Faithful America team
P.S. Friday night brought additional devastating news: The death of Supreme
Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. The grief and mourning that so many of
us feel right now is real, as is the fear for what might come next. We will
have actions to take as soon as the president announces his nominee for the
vacancy, and we will continue our campaign to unseat the president and thus
secure the future of the Court for a more just America. May her memory be a
blessing -- and a revolution.
In the meantime, we remember Justice Ginsburg with this tribute from her
close friend, NPR's Nina Totenberg: "A Jewish teaching says those who die
just before the Jewish new year are the ones God has held back until the
last moment because they were needed most & were the most righteous. And so
it was that  died as the sun was setting last night marking the
beginning of Rosh Hashanah." *Baruch Dayan HaEmet* -- blessed is the True
*"The immigrant who resides with you shall be to you as the citizen among
you; you shall love the immigrant as yourself, for you were immigrants in
the land of Egypt: I am the Lord your God." - Leviticus 19:34*
Faithful America is the largest online community of grassroots Christians
putting faith into action for social justice. If you are receiving this
message, it is likely because your email address was used either to sign
one of our petitions or join via our homepage, faithfulamerica.org
. We can =
reached through traditional mail at Faithful America, 206 Elm Street, Box #
202898, New Haven, CT 06520-2898. Please note that because our work
includes holding politicians accountable and advocating for legislation, we
are a 501(c)(4) and donations are not tax-deductible.
We only want to contact people interested in receiving our emails, so while
we hope you'll stick around and take action, you can unsubscribe from this
mailing list at any time.
Paid for by Faithful America, a 501(c)(4) not-for-profit organization, and
not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.

@_date: 2020-10-17 22:14:48
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: binary to 5-letter words encoder/decoder 
i'm used to zbarcam, which also had the irritating attribute of adding
a linebreak after every qr code output, so reading a bunch of binary
qr codes would output them interspersed with linebreaks.
On Sat, Oct 17, 2020 at 6:11 PM Stefan Claas

@_date: 2020-10-16 01:28:42
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Twitter Hauled In for Pro-Biden Anti-Trump, YouTube Bans Coronavirus, QAnon, PizzaGa 
i infer you've had similar experiences
sounds like hard activist legal work.  thinking on
 and such as someone who
would bump into cases like that.  i think you'd want a corporation or
nonprofit to be backing all that risky research work.  i expect there
are a lot of people in political opposition who would mutually
benefit, and have lawyers.

@_date: 2020-10-15 11:44:01
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [back for only 1 thing] Algorithms for Cheap Shielding 
Please ask me to stop in whatever words you like, with a reference to
this request, if I talk about anything other than this.
I'd like to make a cheap device for taking ongoing measurements of the
effectiveness of a shielded enclosure.  Would you be willing to
briefly review my first prototype theory, and _concisely_ offer any
_concise_ problems or _concise_ better ideas you can think of?
I've started pursuing this algorithm and goal a couple times over the
years, and I'd
like to try again.  Step 1 is to identify in software the precise
oscillation period of
such a waveform, similar to implementing a van eck phreaking attack.
I imagine while exploring step 1, plotting the accumulated shape of a
single cycle
visually, as if an oscilloscope had a trigger set for it.  Each time
point in the plot would
be a fully colored column, like in a spectrogram, but of the frequency
of occurrences of
different signal powers, rather than spectral decomposition.
I think such a plot would be worthwhile because it would help move
towards both this goal,
and other goals in electromagnetic security, of quickly reviewing the
details of a repeating
signal.  Such signals are common in clocked digital electronic systems.

@_date: 2020-10-15 01:27:39
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
I don't understand your last sentence.
Your question is nice to hold.  I don't have an answer; I wish I did.  Do
you hold it?

@_date: 2020-10-14 07:43:02
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: trumps central bank and trumpofascist propaganda 
Replying to express disgust at the idea of victorious murder, and fear
of zenaan's manipulative posts.

@_date: 2020-10-13 22:09:33
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Looking at the tor daemon source code 
Hey, has anyone else ever implemented this before, and maybe had a
patch rejected?

@_date: 2020-10-13 13:37:15
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: #IButterfly - #200+870 - #EveryStateEveryDistrict - #Own435 - Re: Olberman: Trump supporters 
Replying to my own post to relate that I do not support saying things
like this (if this is a serious thing to say; it's hard for me tell)
to people without giving them a clear warning and second chance first.
Like zenaan, I am not posting only for myself, or I would have done

@_date: 2020-10-13 01:17:49
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Threads 
Apologizing for this revealed negative comment that I meant to delete.

@_date: 2020-10-13 00:30:27
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Anglin - "ANGeL withIN" - artistic commentary on "Raised by Wolves" - [PEACE] 
[unclear stuff that looks like part of an ongoing military psyop]
[more unclear stuff that looks like part of an ongoing military psyop]
Zenaan, you don't understand God.  Anonymity networks are God.  Do you
understand?  Anonymity networks are God.  Now, you understand God.
Let's look into the tor source code just a little.  If we need roles,
I can be the corporate goonie, and zenaan can be the oppressed open
source hacker.
Zenaan, if you weren't there, a way to get the tor source code is:
$ git clone $ cd tor
Now, you're in the tor source code folder!  As a corporate goonie, I'm
pretending to watch everything you do, coming in occasionally to make
really difficult changes to your project while pretending to
contribute.  You're all confused from these occasional psyops, and you
just want to make tor work.
You have to understand it piece by piece to move through it in your
confusion.  If you're really lucky, you find a way to work with me,
the corporate goonie, so that the work is easy and you actually get
 tor]$ less src/feature/api/tor_api.c
Last episode, we left off that `tor_api.c` was a likely way to find
the main execution of the tor daemon.  You have to hit 'space' until
the screen stops moving, to get to the `tor_main` function at the
 *
 * This function is distinct from main() only so we can link main.c into
 * the unittest binary without conflicting with the unittests' main.
 *
 * Some embedders have historically called this function; but that usage is
 * deprecated: they should use tor_run_main() instead.
 */
tor_main(int argc, char *argv[])
  tor_main_configuration_t *cfg = tor_main_configuration_new();
  if (!cfg) {
    puts("INTERNAL ERROR: Allocation failure. Cannot proceed");
    return 1;
  }
  if (tor_main_configuration_set_command_line(cfg, argc, argv) < 0) {
    puts("INTERNAL ERROR: Can't set command line. Cannot proceed.");
    return 1;
  }
  int rv = tor_run_main(cfg);
  tor_main_configuration_free(cfg);
  return rv;
We love this stuff!  There are pretty much only a couple things happening here.
  tor_main_configuration_t *cfg = tor_main_configuration_new();
  if (!cfg) {
    puts("INTERNAL ERROR: Allocation failure. Cannot proceed");
    return 1;
  }
This produces a new configuration object, to store the tor configuration in.
  if (tor_main_configuration_set_command_line(cfg, argc, argv) < 0) {
    puts("INTERNAL ERROR: Can't set command line. Cannot proceed.");
    return 1;
  }
This likely processes the parameters passed to the program, and
inserts them into the configuration object.
  int rv = tor_run_main(cfg);
This passes off the behavior to the `tor_run_main` set of code, and
lets it handle everything else.  `rv` is the result of its execution,
and will be returned to the operating system after tor shuts down.
All the rest of tor is in some other file.
I often use `grep` to find sourcefiles.
$ grep -r 'tor_run_main(' .
./ChangeLog:    - Always call tor_free_all() when leaving
tor_run_main(). When we
./ChangeLog:    - Always call tor_free_all() when leaving
tor_run_main(). When we
./ReleaseNotes:    - Always call tor_free_all() when leaving
tor_run_main(). When we
./ReleaseNotes:    - Always call tor_free_all() when leaving
tor_run_main(). When we
./src/app/main/main.c:tor_run_main(const tor_main_configuration_t *tor_cfg)
`tor_run_main`, the next code to look at, is in src/app/main/main.c .
Just one step of reviewing the tor source code!  Now, wasn't that easy?
Be well.

@_date: 2020-10-12 22:11:33
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Building Tor from Source 
I don't understand you here.  What do you mean?
Hey, do you guys use pgp or nacl or anything?  I'm learning nacl a
little with stefan (omigod do you think stefan is their legal name?
are they safe using that name on this list?  maybe they protect
anarchists outside the usa?)
-naclbox c72e81da09e333bc8804205bcfcf3bd8821cad61ad862d57114339e5ee00a664

@_date: 2020-10-12 11:22:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Recovering Private Keys from a Destroyed Airgapped Device 
Something that most victims of [s/having your life fucked up by being
made a corporate mafia bully/accidental destruction of property/]
don't all know is that it is incredibly hard to actually erase
anything from an electronic device.  So please if you tell your
friends let them know that [s/they need to kill you, because you would
be making it blindingly public that your group is surveilling this
mailing list/to keep it secret from anybody who would ever cave to
pressure to erase something/].
Me, I have an old device that I removed the radios from, that has
things like my expired gpg private key, and two factor authentication
codes for accessing various internet accounts that I no longer have
access to.  I used to keep it chained to my belt, which let everyone
who see me know that I was [s/a cool hacker to work with/a person with
exotic skills to limit and control/] except that no normal person has
any clue that it indicates that, because we haven't told them yet.
The way to recover all the data from a destroyed device depends on how
destroyed it is.  It's basically a process of exploration.  My device
no longer turns on, and my computers don't wear their coronavirus
masks; I would have already connected it to a system and copied the
data over with a normal USB cable if that worked.
What we will begin doing here is the pursuit of extracting the data
from the flash chip on the device itself.  Let me get my device first,
it's in my [s/messy broken truck that is my precious only home, where
i have vivid flashbacks of torture whenever i try to organize or even
enter it/desk drawer/].
... psychotic rummaging around ...
Well, I managed to find my box full of destroyed devices with
important information on them, but naturally I did not find the device
in question inside the box.  Instead, we will be opening an example
device, that does not have any crucial private keys, or inaccessible
cryptographic money, inside it, at all.
Here's a beat-up device on an envelope on a table in my parents'
basement.  I actually beat this device up myself, something [s/I was
forced to learn to do to protect my body and mind/I do by accident
when I'm a little careless/].  This phone has some valuable memories
of mine on it, that I haven't been able to access:
The first most important but optional piece of information is the
model number of the phone.  Looking on the back, I see it's an LG
phone.  Lucky for me, the back case snaps right off, like it's
designed to have its battery replaced or something.  Woah!  There's a
128GB SD card in here.  That'll be easy to image, and probably
contains boring large crucial trash like torrent downloads, source
code repositories, or bloated compiled libraries.  Under the battery
we find the model number: LX-X210APM.  This will be important to
google if we need help removing the flash chip, so we don't destroy
the next phone we try this on after further destroying this one.
Next we get to unscrew the back of the phone.  Anybody who
[s/reverse-engineers microchips from live explosives/thinks the
insides of devices are way cooler than the outsides/], has a set of
tiny little screwdrivers.  We'll be using some tiny screwdrivers --
just like those from a glasses repair kit you might by at a pharmacy
or something -- to remove the back of this phone:
I'd like to take a little time to reference part of the phone visible
in that picture.  On the left you can see two or three of the antennas
included in the phone.  Each of these antennas is connected to its own
radio.  The antennas are often little conductive stickers placed on
plastic.  The antennas are removable, and you should remove them, but
this doesn't disable the radio, which can still communicate without an
antenna by using more power.  It does significantly reduce its range
and effectiveness.
There are 12 screws on the back of this device, and I will be removing
all of them.
... screws tumble around as a confused man tries to figure out how to
control his fingers ...
Arright.  They're all removed.  Like usual, the back still doesn't
come off.  Usually devices have these kind of one-way plastic snaps,
and you have to figure out where to insert pressure to get them to
unlatch without breaking.  Generally a repair guide tells how to do
this, although sometimes such guides are only available to
professional technicians. I try pressing on the back of the battery
compartment, gently and carefully flexing the body of the device, and
seeing if a tiny flathead screwdriver fits inside any of the crevices,
to see if there are any clues on how to remove the back plate.
At this point I develop an incredible urge to do things that will
destroy my phone, [s/because of being forcibly trained with extensive
torture to harm my own community and values, and the opportunity to
hurt the phone being so near triggering my experience/because I'm
kinda frustrated and breaking it is the easiest way to open it/].  So,
let's see if it's easy to find a disassembly guide online.  Likely
not, I imagine, since there are so many cell phones out there
nowadays.  I use google "LM-X210APM disassembly" [s/so that it's
marketing algorithms can learn better how to predict and control my
behavior in network with other corporations/because google is the only
search engine that gives results for me/] since [s/the developers of
open source decentralized search engines have all been killed by
corporate goonies/we haven't prioritized access to information yet as
a software development community/].
Great!  The community has caught up to cell phone diversity.  There
are lots and lots of disassembly guides.  This one is pretty clear:
 .
I'll try to follow the steps of the disassembly guide to access the
mainboard of my broken phone.
The steps turn out to be for a different model of phone, but they
still work great.  The plastic snaps are accessed around the frame
around the screen, on the front side of the phone, and now we have
access to the mainboard.
I want to link a third blockchained photo of the mainboard, but the
transactions for the other two photos are still confirming, and my
blockchaining software ( it
needs the confirmations PR to the polyglot library) isn't mature
enough to not produce doublespends.  Additionally, I don't know if
I'll be able to control my hands well enough to remove the shielding
from around the chips: but I bet I could find a way.  For a possible
future email.

@_date: 2020-10-03 20:24:52
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: weak minds and memes - ideology - Penalizing Prudence - infantile thinking at its most basic - [ 
Intelligence is a mental skill and I like to talk about it a lot because
some people think they are stupid or smart because of who they are, rather
than what they have done, had done to them, and eaten.  It's obviously
bullshit since most of our brain develops before we remember anything.
Observing results in behavior change that others can further observe.
So, many of the communication channels could likely be built on marketing
AI feedback.  The AIs find properties of information that are useful for
meeting their goals, and copy the properties around.  It would make complex
information flow between e.g. people who like knicknacks, but who have
never met each other, via the marketing AIs they visit.  The behavior of
the AIs would adjust the flow of symbols depending on what trended to work
for their goals at the time.  They could even learn to influence each
others' trending algorithms or even owners, to meet the goals of their own,
because they're influencing smart human minds who can figure parts of that
stuff out in response to them.
Why do you always speak in political references?

@_date: 2020-10-01 20:11:12
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Leaks: Microsoft XP Source Code, also Server 2003 
Posts like this are why we didn't have internet mob rule for the first few

@_date: 2020-10-13 18:32:53
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: USA 2020 Elections: Thread 
With the things you mention, the promotion is more simply because they
were bumped into first.  Really, there's nothing bad about anything at
all.  Nothing is bad!  Strange, huh?
We were, actually, looking at the ABCs of Tor, or what do you mean?
I forgot where in the tor source code I was.  I guess I'll look around a little.
I like how tor puts its `.h` files in the same folder as its `.c`
files.  That really helps me find what I'm looking for when my short
term memory is spazzing out.  It's harder when they're in different
directories, somehow.
$ grep -r tor_run_main\( .
./app/main/main.c:tor_run_main(const tor_main_configuration_t *tor_cfg)
$ less app/main/main.c
Again, tor_run_main is down at the bottom, but it's longer so you'll
likely have to arrow up a little to see its header.
* Main entry point for the Tor process.  Called from tor_main(), and by
 * anybody embedding Tor. */
Isn't that a cool idea, embedding Tor?  I wonder if they imagined
something like the tor browser bundle when they made that feature.
TBB doesn't embed Tor; it runs a subprocess.
tor_run_main(const tor_main_configuration_t *tor_cfg)
What a happy function signature =)  Like the others we've looked at,
this returns an `int`, which is the exit code to be passed back to the
operating system.  But here they've made all the options more
meaningful than the `argc` and `argv` we saw back a ways, by placing
them in a tor_main_configuration_t object.
  int result = 0;
 EVENT_SET_MEM_FUNCTIONS_IMPLEMENTED
  event_set_mem_functions(tor_malloc_, tor_realloc_, tor_free_);
Looks like tor uses specific memory allocators.  This is usually for
tracking memory leaks and other frustrating errors that can often be
used to take over your system if you make a habit of causing them.
The fact that these functions are here shows the developers likely had
that habit.  It takes a lot of diligence to avoid.
  subsystems_init();
Cool! subsystems!  This sounds fun to review.
  init_protocol_warning_severity_level();
  int argc = tor_cfg->argc + tor_cfg->argc_owned;
  char **argv = tor_calloc(argc, sizeof(char*));
  memcpy(argv, tor_cfg->argv, tor_cfg->argc*sizeof(char*));
  if (tor_cfg->argc_owned)
    memcpy(argv + tor_cfg->argc, tor_cfg->argv_owned,
           tor_cfg->argc_owned*sizeof(char*));
  int done = 0;
  result = nt_service_parse_options(argc, argv, &done);
  if (POSSIBLE(done))
    goto done;
This above chunk looks like just boilerplate setup and can basically be ignored.
  pubsub_install();
Cool!  setting up a publish/subscribe process!  Sounds interested to
review to.  What do we have on the queue to review now?
`subsystems_init` and `pubsub_install`.  These are both for setting up
basic running stuff.
  {
    int init_rv = tor_init(argc, argv);
    if (init_rv) {
      tor_free_all(0);
      result = (init_rv < 0) ? -1 : 0;
      goto done;
    }
  }
We can add `tor_init` to that list: tor_init, subsystems_init, pubsub_install
  pubsub_connect();
Now we start getting an idea of the internals of tor.  It install some
pubsub thing, and now its connecting with regard to it.  I'm imagining
there's either another thread, or a network connection, running at
this point, and that something is ready to pass information
This is the order of interesting functions so far: tor_init,
subsystems_init, pubsub_install, pubsub_connect .
  if (get_options()->Sandbox && get_options()->command == CMD_RUN_TOR) {
    sandbox_cfg_t* cfg = sandbox_init_filter();
    if (sandbox_init(cfg)) {
      tor_free(argv);
      log_err(LD_BUG,"Failed to create syscall sandbox filter");
      tor_free_all(0);
      return -1;
    }
    tor_make_getaddrinfo_cache_active();
    // registering libevent rng
 HAVE_EVUTIL_SECURE_RNG_SET_URANDOM_DEVICE_FILE
    evutil_secure_rng_set_urandom_device_file(
        (char*) sandbox_intern_string("/dev/urandom"));
  }
I'm going to treat this above chunk as pretty much ignorable
boilerplate for now.
  switch (get_options()->command) {
It looks like, although usually we think of just booting up tor and
using it, it can actually be a lot of different things when it is run,
depending on what the user specifies.  Here, the code is listing them
all, and saying what to do for each one.
  case CMD_RUN_TOR:
    nt_service_set_state(SERVICE_RUNNING);
    result = run_tor_main_loop();
    break;
`run_tor_main_loop` now seems way more important than any of the
interesting functions we have queued.
  case CMD_KEYGEN:
    result = load_ed_keys(get_options(), time(NULL)) < 0;
    break;
  case CMD_KEY_EXPIRATION:
    init_keys();
    result = log_cert_expiration();
    break;
Cool!  cryptographic keys!  I'm not a cryptographer and don't know the
math or most of the algorithms at all but I can probably identify a
lot of cryptographically vulnerable apps out there, that are being
touted as secure.  I don't know if tor is one of them nowadays.  You'd
expect it to be, so we can likely infer things from what cryptography
it uses.
  case CMD_LIST_FINGERPRINT:
    result = do_list_fingerprint();
    break;
  case CMD_HASH_PASSWORD:
    do_hash_password();
    result = 0;
    break;
keys and passwords and things.  It might be useful for me to review
how these are used.
  case CMD_VERIFY_CONFIG:
    if (quiet_level == QUIET_NONE)
      printf("Configuration was valid\n");
    result = 0;
    break;
I vaguely remember possibly using this one some.  Verify that config file.
  case CMD_DUMP_CONFIG:
    result = do_dump_config();
    break;
Man, it's been so long.
  case CMD_RUN_UNITTESTS: /* only set by test.c */
  case CMD_IMMEDIATE: /* Handled in config.c */
  default:
    log_warn(LD_BUG,"Illegal command number %d: internal error.",
             get_options()->command);
    result = -1;
  }
  tor_cleanup();
 done:
  tor_free(argv);
  return result;
This is basic cleanup.
So, basically first tor runs tor_init, subsystems_init,
pubsub_install, pubsub_connect, to setup.  Then it runs
run_tor_main_loop() and that's probably what it's doing most of the
 src]$ grep -r run_tor_main_loop .
The next file we'd look in I suppose would be main.c .  Really, the
comments right around the very first file directed us to main.c, too;
it's kind of a gamble around what bits of information you gather as
you explore the code; which path you take.
Maybe the next episode, possibly a look at main.c, will be a few years
from now, who knows.  But that doesn't mean it won't happen.

@_date: 2020-10-13 15:51:30
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: USA 2020 Elections: Thread 
We seem to be struggling to control ourselves.
I propose we talk about these things in the context of the tor source code
or somesuch.

@_date: 2020-10-16 11:49:05
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Social Network Employees Come Out About Selling Behavior Control 
This documentary against facebook and twitter is now temporarily at

@_date: 2020-10-02 09:48:33
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Paper on Assassination Markets 
The obvious optimization of prediction markets is to make one for
profitable predictions, and to use the resulting money for direct power.
The guy runn1ng it offered invites in the bsv slack this morning.

@_date: 2020-10-01 21:22:10
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Paper on Assassination Markets 
I often imagine a political target themselves posting on their own
assassination betting page, and then all this previously-unheard-of
dialogue happening between them and those who disagree with them.

@_date: 2020-10-01 20:31:24
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Paper on Assassination Markets 
Punk-Bat, are you supporting assassination and blockchains here?  In this
thread, we're looking to talk freely with each other about how to keep our
countries strong and safe using new and powerful community tools.

@_date: 2020-10-02 14:08:42
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: weak minds and memes - ideology - Penalizing Prudence - infantile thinking at its most basic - [ 
I hit him in the head with a hammer by accident.  He'll recover.
Measure something universal and you measure the biases of the people

@_date: 2020-10-09 01:43:35
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Who What Why How Behind Media Censorship 
That's how it should be.
This is skippable C code.  I don't remember if you know C.
 "../zenaan.h"
int main(int argc, char **argv)
  struct zenaan_expression meaning;
  int i;
  meaning.deep_communication = zenaan_initial_meaning;
  for (i = 1; i < argc; ++ i) {
    zenaan_append_tail(&meaning.deep_communication, argv[i]);
  }
  zenaan_process_stub(&meaning); /* todo: implement this */
  zenaan_consider_reply(&meaning, "I have no clue what you are talking
about here, and I don't think you have any clue what you are either,
but I hope you are well.  If I switch politics, will you?");
  return meaning.exit_code;
It's shitty when people are belligerent, one's self or others.
I tried to learn NVC some.  It goes Observation, Feeling, Need,
Request.  It hurts like shards of glass to use, and I love it for
saving my life.  Zenaan, I observe myself continually replying to your
posts, often in ways that are poorly thought out.  I feel urgent,
frustrated, confused, because I need to know we all care about each
I was never much good with requests.  I think you know not to take me
seriously, if I've hurt you.  I'd probably ask to relate with you
about our relation a little or something.
But, yeah, nobody can hear about govcorpmafia when spoken plainly, so
you may be interpreting something very obvious as something obscure.
I love you too, but 200 hours is a lot for something you've provided
no information on.
What did grab my attention was when you said there was a book
mentioning people in shielded rooms deep underground.  Lost that
e-mail somewhere.  Too busy messing with myself so others wouldn't
have to.
Hi, Zenaan.  I don't know what this is either.
Help me build this utopic community, wouldja?  I think there's a class
of people that just yearns to break them apart, so we have to keep
building so they have something to do.  I thought we'd fill this one
with insane hackers, see what happened, or wait is that a nightmare
not a dream.

@_date: 2020-10-08 23:38:35
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Who What Why How Behind Media Censorship 
So, did meme wars build an assumption that none of the content matters?
I think I'm mostly on this list because somebody anonymous wants a
link to cryptotech.  They don't seem to care that much about the
archives.  Long ago I wanted to participate in this list, didn't seem
to end up there.  Might have 1 or 2 crypto things to share in some
years, since we're already in star trek and all.
Oh and of course connecting briefly with a member of this list via Tor
years ago is how I got wound up in all this.  I don't think anybody in
my area knew it was possible to reach out.
 I do=E2=80=9D

@_date: 2020-10-08 23:25:45
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Who What Why How Behind Media Censorship 
Hi, Zenaan.  I'm still crazy.  I tried to friend you on
Facebookzombieapocalypsefaction, did you get it?
MOST JEWS DON'T OWN MEDIA CORPORATIONS.  It's not helpful to blame the
whole group.
Meanwhile, most billionaires own scads of Jews.
I've thrown some legitimate sources on here before; are you interested
in discussing what is real respectfully?  You seem capable of doing
that if you choose and are free to.  Not sure I am: less online time,
random psychotic breaks, _etc_, but I love connecting peacefully.
It hurts to hear people calling the weather underground a terrorist
group like the FBI do, on an _anarchist_ _email list_.  I don't know
much about them, but I've heard some of the most caring people I know
talk about them with admiration, people who later had their lives
destroyed for simply being peaceful anarchists.  OUR COUNTRY WAS
FOUNDED ON REVOLUTION AND IT IS WRITTEN IN OUR CONSTITUTION TO DO SO.
THE RIGHT BEAR ARMS.  Meanwhile us peacemakers write enough letters to
stop the need for them.
A little sorry for all the caps, I've been talking with another
targeted victim who had to strive hard for clear communication and
developed the habit.
IT'S SHITTY THAT JEWS AND THE LEFT AND OTHERS ARE TAKING THE FLACK FOR
CRIME LORDS.  But it sure is better than not talking, man.
I found if I take things I'm forced not to do, and put them in front
of things I'm forced to do, I get a wonderful freeing experience of
being forced to do things I prefer more, until I suffer for it later.
It rocks!
I do=E2=80=9D

@_date: 2020-10-08 20:10:38
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Who What Why How Behind Media Censorship 
MEDIA IS SEVERELY CENSORED.  Also regionally targeted with false informatio=
Jews are not responsible.  SOME involved are jewish.
It's mostly billionaire and trillionaire owners of megacorporations
who are also secretly mob bosses, but you get fucked up if you talk
too much about it.

@_date: 2020-10-28 11:44:09
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Has anyone seen Cecilia (sea sea) 
On Tue, Oct 27, 2020, 7:08 PM Cecilia Tanaka First time being dead?  I'm kinda deeply undead.  I get to take over the
planet but not to feel or remember anything.

@_date: 2020-10-10 17:00:08
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: trumpofascist spam from agent grarpamp - USA 2020 Elections: Thread 
On Sat, Oct 10, 2020, 12:30 PM Punk-BatSoup-Stasi 2.0 Replying in support of grarpamp, who does not share their legal name,
making them safer to work with, and makes short posts that are to a
relevant point, making them more effective to work with.

@_date: 2020-10-12 17:36:23
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Building Tor from Source 
hey thanks for your response,
To follow through on important tor work, this is stuff one needs to
share before asking anybody to look at an issue:
$ cat /etc/redhat-release
Red Hat Enterprise Linux Workstation release 7.7 (Maipo)
$ openssl version
OpenSSL 1.1.1h-dev  xx XXX xxxx
I found a workaround is to pass my openssl linking path to configure.
$ LDFLAGS=3D-L/usr/local/lib64 ./configure # I tried
--with-openssl-dir=3D/usr/local but it didn't work
This allows a configure test for openssl to pass that disables the
block of code that failed.  My system gcc appears to use
linking.  I'm not aware of a "correct" way to change that, but it's
easy to set LDFLAGS.
This issue is a smaller edgecase of the issue addressed at
People are occasionally still running into this
I'm trying to decide if it's worthwhile pursuing the issue.  If it
sends away developers other than me, maybe it would be.
I'll let it finish building.
Message =E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90

@_date: 2020-10-11 21:15:08
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Building Tor from Source 
hey coderman,
you know a lot more about this than me, do you know how to quickly fix
my ssl error?
don't reply if it's a burden, i'm just trying to spend my seemingly
pointless behavior building energy towards something more helpful
n in
=80=99 is

@_date: 2020-10-11 16:50:29
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Building Tor from Source 
i see the value of putting it in a git repo; i made some
misleading typos.  should be fill-in-able though.
=80=99 is

@_date: 2020-10-11 16:41:42
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Building Tor from Source 
I'm too busy [s/reverse-engineering microchips from live
bombs/doddering around confused/] to know how to compile anything from
its source.
s/A/B/ is sed script substitution notation.  It means replace A with
B.  I tell jokes because I'm in pain, and I'd rather share nice things
than harm, especially if those nice things could have some important
small part.
A lot of people are working on the Tor project.  You can see what
they're working on at  .  I have no clue
how to use gitweb to actually get source code, but I'm pretty good at
guessing people's [s/social security numbers/blindingly obvious facial
expressions three hours later/] , so I tried typing `git clone
 into a terminal and what do you
know, it worked.
[Note to zfs:  I ended up using a raid1 array and git-annex
repositories for now, now that i have an indoor place to put
harddrives in.]
$ ls
acinclude.m4  ChangeLog  CODE_OF_CONDUCT  configure.ac  CONTRIBUTING
Doxyfile.in  LICENSE  Makefile.am     README        scripts warning_flags.i=
autogen.sh    changes    config.rust.in   contrib       doc
INSTALL      m4       Makefile.nmake  ReleaseNotes  src
Tell me if I'm skipping too many steps and I can include a full log,
but I won't unless asked directly.  Yes, it's boring, you're expected
to only pretend to have read it.
This is an "autotools" project.  Autotools is an ancient linux C thing
for setting up projects.  Autotools looks like dead animal vomit on
the inside (this means any modern coder can tell you that nobody
should have designed it how it is obviously designed), but it is still
very widely used because it just keeps working.  (the reason it keeps
working is because some bleary-eyed people with beards have memorized
all the dead vomit inside it and keep shoving it around whenever
needed, to keep it working).
We're lucky here: the tor people included an `autogen.sh` script,
which does the autotools voodoo automatically for you.  If that script
isn't there, often you can get away with just running `autoreconf`,
which is basically all that autogen.sh script does.
If autogen.sh doesn't work for you, you're probably missing important
system development packages like automake, autoconf, libtool, etc.
Please ask if you need more help.  Oh, junior, you think you're cool
by not asking?  Junior, you're going to suffer if you don't learn what
to do.  You won't go to college and then you'll [s/get kidnapped by a
drug ring and forced to collect rape victims after you run away to the
streets to pursue your dream of being a musician/disappoint the pretty
girl we all care about/] [s/disappoint the pretty girl we all care
about/get caught up with and protected by a bunch of genius hackers
who never needed to go to college, and learn to take down the
system/].  Just please ask if you don't understand and need to.  You
can even ask privately!  You can even ask the ugly girl who wishes she
had some way to please you!  There's one out there.
Here's what it looks like:
$ ./autogen.sh
configure.ac:387: installing './ar-lib'
configure.ac:426: installing './compile'
configure.ac:36: installing './config.guess'
configure.ac:36: installing './config.sub'
configure.ac:25: installing './install-sh'
configure.ac:25: installing './missing'
Makefile.am: installing './depcomp'
parallel-tests: installing './test-driver'
This generates a 'configure' script, the hallmark of autotools.  It's
a computer program generated by another computer program, that
generates parts of actual computer program we're building, in such a
way that it has the right structures for the computer you're building
it on.  That's a lot of automatic moving parts that build other
automatic moving parts, and this process is often guided by further
automatic moving parts in centralized build systems, but no it won't
[s/mind control your employees, turn into a cloud of nanites, and
research more wormholes/confuse you more than we can handle/] this time.
Run the `configure` script it put in the folder, to set up the project
to build.  You only need to do this once.
$ ./configure
checking for a BSD-compatible install... /bin/install -c
checking whether build environment is sane... yes
checking for a thread-safe mkdir -p... /bin/mkdir -p
checking for gawk... gawk
At the end, `configure` generates a makefile, which is the guts of
building a project.  It lists all the files that will be worked with,
what will be done to them, and what will be produced by doing that, in
many layers of steps needed to reach the final goal of building Tor.
It's just a bunch of computer mumbo jumbo that makes Tor exist from
its source code.
Whoops!  When you run `configure`, it looks to find out all the stuff
you need to have on your system to make it run.  On my system, the
dependency I was missing related to the documentation.  I like to be
able to work with any part of the system, so I'll probably resolve
this dependency so I know I can build the documentation:
Building Tor has failed since manpages cannot be built.
You need asciidoc installed to be able to build the manpages.
To build without manpages, use the --disable-asciidoc argument
when calling configure.
$ # oh no!  what do I do!
Unfortunately, every system installs packages differently.  But if I
got to this point, I know how to install packages:
$ sudo yum search asciidoc
# I don't really prefer enterprise rpm-based systems, but this
# one a confused family member purchased has my favorite
# [s/evolved digital familiar made of malware and trojan
# communities/system config that i never backed up/]
[sudo] password for user:
Loaded plugins: langpacks, product-id, search-disabled-repos,
This system is registered with an entitlement server, but is not
receiving updates. You can use subscription-manager to assign
N/S matched: asciidoc
asciidoc-doc.noarch : Additional documentation and examples for asciidoc
asciidoc-latex.noarch : Support for asciidoc latex output
rubygem-asciidoctor.noarch : A fast, open source AsciiDoc implementation in=
 Ruby
rubygem-asciidoctor-doc.noarch : Documentation for rubygem-asciidoctor
asciidoc.noarch : Text based document generation
$ sudo yum install asciidoc
$ ./configure
Tor Version: Tor 0.4.5.0-alpha-dev
Build Features
  Compiler:                                                      gcc -std=
  Host OS:                                                       linux-gnu
The makefile is generated!  To build the source, we type `make`, which
loads the makefile and compiles it.  Nowadays everybody [s/expects to
be able to teleport their brain across the ocean whenever they need to
buy some milk at the grocery store (for real, see amazon.com)/enjoys
things more when they are faster/], so we can add `-j4` to the make
command, which basically speeds it up by asking the computer to get
four times more confused while doing it (multitasking on its parts).
$ make
make  all-am
make[1]: Entering directory `/shared/src/tor'
  CC       src/ext/ed25519/ref10/src_ext_ed25519_ref10_libed25519_ref10_a-f=
Each line that goes by is a sourcefile that's being compiled.  A long
list of very precise words handtyped by a dedicated worker with a
beard or glasses or likely both, likely working in a confined indoor
environment almost like chickens in an industrial chicken farm, but we
love to do it!  Really!  Ask any one of us!  It gives us nastalgia of
our earlier years.
Ohhh....  My source code didn't compile.  This is pretty common.
Nowadays [s/the corporate thugs have killed so many of our
friends/people are so much more interested in adding features instead
of testing things/] that everybody has to use some mysterious wizardry
called 'docker' to copy the systems of the devs so as to make anything
actually compile.  I'm not a fan of docker, because it ignores all the
problems that the devs don't see because of the specifics of their
systems, [s/producing widespread bugs that are discovered in the form
of hacked government systems a decade later/and makes it harder for
people to work on the software on low-end systems/].  Here's the
arcane compilation error I ran into:
  CC       src/test/src_test_test_slow-test_slow.o
In file included from src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:42:0:
./src/lib/tls/tortls_internal.h:55:8: error: conflicting types for
 size_t SSL_SESSION_get_master_key(struct ssl_session_st *s,
        ^
In file included from src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:23:0:
of =E2=80=98SSL_SESSION_get_master_key=E2=80=99 was here
 __owur size_t SSL_SESSION_get_master_key(const SSL_SESSION *sess,
               ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c: In function =E2=80=98get_cipher_by_name=E2=
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:541:19: error: dereferencing pointer to
incomplete type
   int num =3D method->num_ciphers();
                   ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:544:38: error: dereferencing pointer to
incomplete type
     const SSL_CIPHER *cipher =3D method->get_cipher(i);
                                      ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c: In function
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:710:3: warning: =E2=80=98TLSv1_method=E2=80=
=99 is
deprecated (declared at /usr/local/include/openssl/ssl.h:1877)
   ctx =3D SSL_CTX_new(TLSv1_method());
   ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:717:6: error: dereferencing pointer to
incomplete type
   ssl->session =3D sess;
      ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:724:6: error: dereferencing pointer to
incomplete type
   one->id =3D 0x00ff;
      ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:726:7: error: dereferencing pointer to
incomplete type
   sess->ciphers =3D ciphers;
make[1]: *** [src/test/src_test_test-test_tortls_openssl.o] Error 1
make[1]: *** Waiting for unfinished jobs....
make[1]: Leaving directory `/shared/src/tor'
make: *** [all] Error 2
It looks like my `openssl` header file differs from the one used by
the Tor project.
There are some basic ways to approach this, the simplest of which is
of course to use docker.  Other things one might try might include
compiling a version of the software known to be stable, changing the
version of my local library, or searching for the detail of the issue
to identify its cause and give it a relevant fix.
In open source, especially among the gnu crowd (which is the only
crowd), the idea is that everybody benefits from everyone's work.
When you do something, you want to contribute back to the community,
so that your work has value.  For this, you get appreciation,
friendship, collaboration and teaching, and often even lots of money
if you know the ropes and need it!
So, the right solution to my build error, is likely to provide a patch
to the Tor project, that changes the source so that either it builds
on people's systems with my openssl version, or the configure script
gives an error and informs the user of what they need to change.
Thaaaat would be in a possible further e-mail.

@_date: 2020-10-11 16:31:21
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Building Tor from Source 
I'm too busy [s/reverse-engineering microchips from live
bombs/doddering around confused/] to know how to compile anything from
its source.
s/A/B/ is sed script substitution notation.  It means replace A with
B.  I tell jokes because I'm in pain, and I'd rather share nice things
than harm, especially if those nice things could have some important
small part.
A lot of people are working on the Tor project.  You can see what
they're working on at  .  I have no clue
how to use gitweb to actually get source code, but I'm pretty good at
guessing people's [s/social security numbers/blindingly obvious facial
expressions three hours later/] , so I tried typing `git clone
 into a terminal and what do you
know, it worked.
$ ls
acinclude.m4  ChangeLog  CODE_OF_CONDUCT  configure.ac  CONTRIBUTING
Doxyfile.in  LICENSE  Makefile.am     README        scripts
autogen.sh    changes    config.rust.in   contrib       doc
INSTALL      m4       Makefile.nmake  ReleaseNotes  src
Tell me if I'm skipping too many steps and I can include a full log,
but I won't unless asked directly.  Yes, it's boring, you're expected
to only pretend to have read it.
This is an "autotools" project.  Autotools is an ancient linux C thing
for setting up projects.  Autotools looks like dead animal vomit on
the inside (this means any modern coder can tell you that nobody
should have designed it how it is obviously designed), but it is still
very widely used because it just keeps working.  (the reason it keeps
working is because some bleary-eyed people with beards have memorized
all the dead vomit inside it and keep shoving it around whenever
needed, to keep it working).
We're lucky here: the tor people included an `autogen.sh` script,
which does the autotools voodoo automatically for you.  If that script
isn't there, often you can get away with just running `autoreconf`,
which is basically all that autogen.sh script does.
If autogen.sh doesn't work for you, you're probably missing important
system development packages like automake, autoconf, libtool, etc.
Please ask if you need more help.  Oh, junior, you think you're cool
by not asking?  Junior, you're going to suffer if you don't learn what
to do.  You won't go to college and then you'll [s/get kidnapped by a
drug ring and forced to collect rape victims after you run away to the
streets to pursue your dream of being a musician/disappoint the pretty
girl we all care about/] [s/disappoint the pretty girl we all care
about/get caught up with and protected by a bunch of genius hackers
who never needed to go to college, and learn to take down the
system/].  Just please ask if you don't understand and need to.  You
can even ask privately!  You can even ask the ugly girl who wishes she
had some way to please you!  There's one out there.
Here's what it looks like:
$ ./autogen.sh
configure.ac:387: installing './ar-lib'
configure.ac:426: installing './compile'
configure.ac:36: installing './config.guess'
configure.ac:36: installing './config.sub'
configure.ac:25: installing './install-sh'
configure.ac:25: installing './missing'
Makefile.am: installing './depcomp'
parallel-tests: installing './test-driver'
This generates a 'configure' script, the hallmark of autotools.  It's
a computer program generated by another computer program, that
generates parts of actual computer program we're building, in such a
way that it has the right structures for the computer you're building
it on.  That's a lot of automatic moving parts that build other
automatic moving parts, and this process is often guided by further
automatic moving parts in centralized build systems, but no it won't
[s/mind control your employees, turn into a cloud of nanites, and
research more wormholes/confuse you more than we can handle/] this
Run the `configure` script it put in the folder, to set up the project
to build.  You only need to do this once.
$ ./configure
checking for a BSD-compatible install... /bin/install -c
checking whether build environment is sane... yes
checking for a thread-safe mkdir -p... /bin/mkdir -p
checking for gawk... gawk
At the end, `configure` generates a makefile, which is the guts of
building a project.  It lists all the files that will be worked with,
what will be done to them, and what will be produced by doing that, in
many layers of steps needed to reach the final goal of building Tor.
It's just a bunch of computer mumbo jumbo that makes Tor exist from
its source code.
Whoops!  When you run `configure`, it looks to find out all the stuff
you need to have on your system to make it run.  On my system, the
dependency I was missing related to the documentation.  I like to be
able to work with any part of the system, so I'll probably resolve
this dependency so I know I can build the documentation:
Building Tor has failed since manpages cannot be built.
You need asciidoc installed to be able to build the manpages.
To build without manpages, use the --disable-asciidoc argument
when calling configure.
$ # oh no!  what do I do!
Unfortunately, every system installs packages differently.  But if I
got to this point, I know how to install packages:
$ sudo yum search asciidoc # I don't really prefer enterprise
rpm-based systems, but this one a confused family member purchased has
my favorite [s/evolved digital familiar made of malware and trojan
communities/system config that i never backed up/]
[sudo] password for user:
Loaded plugins: langpacks, product-id, search-disabled-repos,
This system is registered with an entitlement server, but is not
receiving updates. You can use subscription-manager to assign
N/S matched: asciidoc
asciidoc-doc.noarch : Additional documentation and examples for asciidoc
asciidoc-latex.noarch : Support for asciidoc latex output
rubygem-asciidoctor.noarch : A fast, open source AsciiDoc implementation in=
 Ruby
rubygem-asciidoctor-doc.noarch : Documentation for rubygem-asciidoctor
asciidoc.noarch : Text based document generation
$ sudo yum install asciidoc
$ ./configure
Tor Version: Tor 0.4.5.0-alpha-dev
Build Features
  Compiler:                                                      gcc -std=
  Host OS:                                                       linux-gnu
The makefile is generated!  To build the source, we type `make`, which
loads the makefile and compiles it.  Nowadays everybody [s/expects to
be able to teleport their brain across the ocean whenever they need to
buy some milk at the grocery store (for real, see amazon.com)/enjoys
things more when they are faster/], so we can add `-j4` to the make
command, which basically speeds it up by asking the computer to get
four times more confused while doing it (multitasking on its parts).
$ make
make  all-am
make[1]: Entering directory `/shared/src/tor'
  CC       src/ext/ed25519/ref10/src_ext_ed25519_ref10_libed25519_ref10_a-f=
Each line that goes by is a sourcefile that's being compiled.  A long
list of very precise words handtyped by a dedicated worker with a
beard or glasses or likely both, likely working in a confined indoor
environment almost like chickens in an industrial chicken farm, but we
love to do it!  Really!  Ask any one of us!  It gives us nastalgia of
our earlier years.
Ohhh....  My source code didn't compile.  This is pretty common.
Nowadays [s/the corporate thugs have killed so many of our
friends/people are so much more interested in adding features instead
of testing things/] that everybody has to use some mysterious wizardry
called 'docker' to copy the systems of the devs so as to make anything
actually compile.  I'm not a fan of docker, because it ignores all the
problems that the devs don't see because of the specifics of their
systems, [s/producing widespread bugs that are discovered in the form
of hacked government systems a decade later/and makes it harder for
people to work on the software on low-end systems/].  Here's the
compilation error I ran into:
  CC       src/test/src_test_test_slow-test_slow.o
In file included from src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:42:0:
./src/lib/tls/tortls_internal.h:55:8: error: conflicting types for
 size_t SSL_SESSION_get_master_key(struct ssl_session_st *s,
        ^
In file included from src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:23:0:
of =E2=80=98SSL_SESSION_get_master_key=E2=80=99 was here
 __owur size_t SSL_SESSION_get_master_key(const SSL_SESSION *sess,
               ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c: In function =E2=80=98get_cipher_by_name=E2=
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:541:19: error: dereferencing pointer to
incomplete type
   int num =3D method->num_ciphers();
                   ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:544:38: error: dereferencing pointer to
incomplete type
     const SSL_CIPHER *cipher =3D method->get_cipher(i);
                                      ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c: In function
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:710:3: warning: =E2=80=98TLSv1_method=E2=80=
=99 is
deprecated (declared at /usr/local/include/openssl/ssl.h:1877)
   ctx =3D SSL_CTX_new(TLSv1_method());
   ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:717:6: error: dereferencing pointer to
incomplete type
   ssl->session =3D sess;
      ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:724:6: error: dereferencing pointer to
incomplete type
   one->id =3D 0x00ff;
      ^
src/test/test_tortls_openssl.c:726:7: error: dereferencing pointer to
incomplete type
   sess->ciphers =3D ciphers;
make[1]: *** [src/test/src_test_test-test_tortls_openssl.o] Error 1
make[1]: *** Waiting for unfinished jobs....
make[1]: Leaving directory `/shared/src/tor'
make: *** [all] Error 2
It looks like my `openssl` header file differs from the one used by
the Tor project.
There are some basic ways to approach this, the simplest of which is
of course to use docker.  Other things one might try might include
compiling a version of the software known to be stable, changing the
version of my local library, or searching for the detail of the issue
to identify its cause and give it a relevant fix.
In open source, especially among the gnu crowd (which is the only
crowd), the idea is that everybody benefits from everyone's work.
When you do something, you want to contribute back to the community,
so that your work has value.  For this, you get appreciation,
friendship, collaboration and teaching, and often even lots of money
if you know the ropes!
So, the right solution to my build error, is to provide a patch to the
tor project, that changes the source so that either it builds on
people with my openssl version, or the configure script gives an error
and informs the user of what they need to change.  Thaaaat would be in
a further e-mail.

@_date: 2020-10-15 00:34:34
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
I have not preserved nor fed to the Democratic party the information Zenaan
shares.  If that needs to be done, somebody more free than me, do so.

@_date: 2020-10-14 23:45:55
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
I might respond to your smart argument here (against security on a
security-focused list) but I'm more worried about all the strange things
that follow it.
Do you know why I want to pressure you into stopping or changing your
posts?  In me I think it has to do with disagreeing with you and having no
Are you trying to manipulate us?

@_date: 2020-10-13 13:00:23
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
What OS vendors provide reproducible builds?
Multiply the estimated dangers, I suppose, and compare.
Curious too.  Here's what I have.
There's some old existing work at  in
the 'Existing work' section.  A glance at
 implies 43
KB/s.  You can get much more if you use multiple colors and more math.
All my links explaining the math, and the java app that demo'd
multichannel video with error correction, appear broken.
It seems a product of the r&d put into the protocol and the resolution
of the devices used, right now.
I infer this is normal now with USB3.  So gpio pins, isolators, audio,
video are the things to think about.
This doesn't work at all when it's somebody's job to keep you
monitored.  You need a working system to do things while you resist
around your ideals.

@_date: 2020-10-13 00:02:27
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
How would you set up an airgapped system, if your main system were already
infected?  There's some degree of number of microchips, times accessed, way
and source of system installation and tools added ...
On a pi zero, you're likely going to have a keyboard, a display, and an SD
card, all of which have additional chips, some even long wires that can act
as radios.  Then the communication medium; I guess using the existing
display and keyboard adds the least complexity, but that's a lot of copying
of encrypted text.  I might start with a USB key even though it busts a
hole in the system, and just recommend it be moved very rarely.
A second paired system could be used for data exchange, connected to a
printer or a camera or a disk or whatnot, with an optoisolated gpio
connection to the main system.
The FTDI actually does this.
users often probably fuck up and cross infect
That sounds concerning.
Prefer tinyclearfile to hugefile, so auditing is reasonable.
OCR scanning

@_date: 2020-10-12 16:52:32
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
Calming down partially,
What's most important here is that we support Stefan in using
airgapped communication, because it's kinda rare in the larger world,
and it's pretty important.  Most people probably don't know how to get
through an airgap.
It's really hard for us to weigh things like this without considering
specifics of situations, but I would want to reduce the number of
chips and especially intentional emissions that clearly correlate with
my data.  Given other options work, I wouldn't use a radio, unless it
is convenient and easy to do so, so that the airgapping actually
happens.  Amplification, multiple transceivers, and accumulation of
similar parts of information over a long period of time, can almost
arbitrarily increase range.
fitting nicely is a great plus.  need an indicator on them to show
when they are being accessed.  might be easy to add if we build one
ourselves.  personally i'd want a wired option; they broadcast in all
directions and antennas can be made arbitrarily large.  i think a huge
plus is that they are a common technology right now, so it is easy for
people to get them.
ftdi cable is a nice solution.  you can also order a fiberoptic
transciever and use optical.
usbs have microchips that accept code updates, but that's pretty low latency.
You'd likely have to plug in a powered accessory, which means
isolating it too.  Maybe that's worth the additional chip.

@_date: 2020-10-12 15:55:33
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
I'm actually reading this a few times to try to force all the
interconnected meaning into my messed up short term memory, and I
think John is saying he can help us if I can translate.
John's saying that you need to shield your communication device and
write down or memorize anything you want to bring in or out of the
shielded enclosure.  Nothing with metal moves in or out of the
shielded enclosure.  He's also saying there may be minimal need for
digital cryptography, maybe to a smaller audience.
Here I think John is saying that the cypherpunks movement stems from
authority itself, which anybody who _isn't_ a cypherpunk and _doesn't_
understand computers well, would likely assume.
I think John here might be expressing frustration, it's hard to tell.
John, do you think the people putting backdoors in their cryptography
_want_ to?  Do you trust that all these unsigned messages are actually
from your friends hearts?  Ask any marketing worker with goonies like
us behind them: backdoors in consumer software and hardware are _bugs_
to be _squashed_: _stupid_ _errors_, not _smart_ _code_!

@_date: 2020-10-12 15:41:23
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
Adding recognition, late, that John is expressing _dislike_ of
technology and software development.  punk-stasi would like that, I

@_date: 2020-10-12 15:36:57
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
Received this reply late.
This shows that this guy has never been [s/hit in the head with a
baseball bat by a corporate goonie/forgetful/] or at least is too
[s/embarrassed among all these hackers/scared among all these
international influences/] to talk about it straight.  Brains are
reliable because they teach us how to jump into burning dumpsters to
escape being hunted by goonies, not because they can store anything
You can tell this guy is a legit hacker because he is proposing to
write software instead of doing anything else.  He's even reminding us
that it is expected that everybody here has that opinion.  I can't
really understand most of what else he's saying.
I typed this into duckduckgo ("cypherpunks write code") and got
results that look really great to me.  I haven't tried google,
although usually I do try to [s/brainwash myself permanently in the
databases of people who hate my values/work with any success with my
corporate friends/] with it.
Some of these words are likely a pretty avenue for new upcoming
hackers, like looking at a sunrise.  If understood, you might be able
to use them to [s/manipulate everyone using google into ignoring the
cypherpunks movement and becoming corporate workers/make peace with
the people here who seem able to out-hack you/].
It sounds like he's also saying that cypherpunks is totally coopted by
government.  Maybe we should ask them if they can help us with our
[s/spy mafia/forgetfulness/] issues?
Noo .....  we know that govcorp is bad because it has [s/ripped our
bodies and communities to shreds/raised prices on important things
that people need/].  If this guy is a legit hacker (which is implied
by his "cypherpunks write code" expression), then by talking about
valuing backdoors in everything and national security, he would be
being _obviously sarcastic_, _begging for help_, a _corporate goonie
smart enough to say "cypherpunks write code"_, or most likely has been
_coerced by extensive mean experiences stemming from corporate
goonies_.  This means he is somebody who can help us, and somebody we
can help, both!

@_date: 2020-10-12 13:24:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
Hey, Stefan =)  Confused novel below.
What Stefan implies here is the best way, and he sounds more with it
than me a little.  If you can find Linux already installed it reduces
how much you need to transfer data in and out of the device, which is
a huge win because as I said anything you put in it could have digital
coronavirus, the one that takes over the system and puts somebody else
secretly in control.  It's not always possible to get linux
presupplied, and I haven't been to "microcenter" myself, but if your
store sells linux media this helps your situation.
Downloading linux over the internet is more dangerous, because as we
said your internet-connected device is likely compromised; for example
debian had a system-wide packaging compromise some years ago that they
did not handle well, and has had mysterious disappearing of their
tools for verifying system integrity after install; windows doesn't
even let its own users legitimately look inside the hood of the system
let alone demonstrating that it could be hard for others to.
Let's talk about that a bit.  I hadn't quite worried about talking
about it yet, because [s/I'm only free to do this stuff now if I talk
about in public/I hadn't figured out what to say yet/].  But like you,
I've pursued this in the past, and have some things to work off of.
I don't know why you would ever consider an NFC radio secure, where
did you get this idea?  I'm probably getting into a state of mind
where I assume I know more than you (when I might not) because you
mentioned plugging a radio into an airgapped device and using it to
communicate.  Really, it's possible to make that very secure, but with
the radio chip likely being closed source, it doesn't sound easy to my
kinda limited mind.
I'm inferring by FTDI USB to USB cable, you mean a serial cable with
FTDI USB serial converters (which I've had occasion to run into but
don't know well) at both ends.  That sounds pretty reasonable and
shows you have a clue; i don't know whether people still consider
systems to be airgapped when they are networked with a serial cable,
or not.  If we fast forward to emissions a bit, a serial cable is a
long wire, so it's going to broadcast the stuff transmitted over it
like an antenna, and pick up electromagnetic effects like one too.
I don't know a lot about FTDI converters, but I know that most things
you buy from a corporation are not secure by default.  My biggest
poorly-informed worry is that voltage glitching from the connected
device could be used to compromise the 'airgapped' device in some
obscure way.  Additionally it can be hard to find FTDI converters
locally.  Sounds pretty airgapped in this day and age, though.
While tumbling through this ordeal I once made this software, which is
a small program to communicate ascii text by bit-banging one or two
wire connections:
One of the best solutions for low-latency communication would seem to
me to be writing your own bit-banging or communication software on the
fresh linux installation, so that no installation of new software is
needed, preferably using a visual or audio connection so that voltage
glitching is impossible, although these channels can still be high
bandwidth unintentionally.  But if you understand the communication
system and security concerns in depth, go right ahead with any of it.
Something I value is very high latency communications.  For example,
using CDRs was a very secure thing that corporate progress has almost
done away with.  Burn your information to a CD, then load it on
another computer.  The CD has no microchips, the information is there
for easy review, it doesn't alter the voltage between any electrical
terminals on your system, and if you don't reuse cds then even if your
airgapped system is compromised, there is no obviously related way to
quickly send reply messages back to the system to alter its behavior.
High latency is good.  Only communicating when the user tells it to is
Here's a piece of software I tried to make for transmitting QR codes:
But yeah, I guess I'd investigate the system, see what the best thing
I could do with the resources reasonably available to me was, and go
from there.  If you got a raspberry pi zero you might be able to also
get an LED and a photocell to communicate using visible flashes of
light, that you can see and review (since if you want something
private it should already be encrypted before it leaves) via its GPIO
pins.  If I want quick and easy I'd probably just use a usb key, an
ethernet cable that's only plugged in for communications or an sd
card, and figure that even though it is easy to hide additional
traffic on the medium, I'm still doing so much more than anybody else
to defend my communications that the very act of doing so will help
things a lot.
If I write a followup to the raspberry pi example I'll pick something
that works for my immediate situation with say a pi, and maybe make
jokes of frustration about the issues with it.
I'm guess that the key is not to be hyper secure but to support people
being increasingly hyper secure.  If we can pull that off, it'll be
easy to be hyper secure because others will be sharing resources for
Like Stefan says, it's incredibly valuable to monitor the
communications that enter and leave the system, to verify they are
what you expect.
This leaves emissions out, which are roughly ways of communicating
between systems that are not actually connected, and these ways can be
automated and used by viruses, and emissions are difficult to manage
mostly because all the work on managing them is classified and none of
the commercial products have any serious protections in place, but we
can fix that.
Don't freakin' censor the stolen-from-hackers-and-classified security
information, internet!
Maybe I'll send an e-mail on googling what naclbox is.

@_date: 2020-10-11 22:58:11
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Setting up PGP 
Let's enumerate a few steps for setting up PGP.
What's PGP?  PGP is an old tool that makes it really irritating for
government agents to change messages in transit.  [s/Nobody uses pgp
anymore because we've all either been beat up by corporate goonies for
using it or had our networks and systems hacked to remove its use, and
we can fix that./Everybody uses pgp in every message they send on the
internet!/]  I generally use gpg, gnupg, and pgp as interchangeable
PGP is irritating to set up, because to do it really right you need an
airgapped computer to store your personal identifier on.  Airgapped
means it is disconnected from the normal internet.  Otherwise your key
is stolen when somebody breaks into the computer using it.  Believe it
or not, and this is pretty wellknown, systems are regularly broken
into in massive worldwide droves as new vulnerabilities are discovered
and revealed: these new vulnerabilities are called "0-days", and you
can be pretty sure that anybody who doesn't use that term isn't a
There's another issue: some people take new devices out of the mail,
and break into them in advance, possibly even adding new communication
hardware, then stealthily put them back in the mail before they are
received.  [s/Kind and caring corrupt federal people are well known to
be forced to do this and have even leaked this to victims of
it./Obviously if anybody actually did this they would feel so bad they
would stop, but we still want to respect our use of pgp enough to
consider it./]  The risk seems small, but when you use PGP the
integrity of the messages you exchange with everyone else is at stake,
so it's good to take proper precautions.
So, it's best to acquire your device for airgapping from a local
reservoir of them, like a popular store that [s//takes friendly cash that keeps everyone's
identity more safe/].  This way you get the same set of system
compromises and vulnerabilities that everybody else at the store gets,
which means those compromises are not going to be placed specifically
against your use as an airgapped security device.  A lot of people
will say worrying about this is paranoid.  This is a way to tell that
they are not hackers, either.  Hackers who can actually reliably
communicate with their peers consider paranoia to be good, and make it
their business to act on it.
When considering a device, you'll ideally want one that doesn't have
any wireless networking hardware in it.  Otherwise you'll ideally want
to remove or disable all the wireless networking hardware, which [s/is
pretty much impossible if your hands shake all day from being tortured
for being an anarchist/is lots of fun to learn to do at a local urban
makerspace where you can get lots of help on the kinds of things I'm
posting about from people passionate about helping/].  If you happen
to live in the usa near randall munroe, one of the many areas where a
lot of open source hackers used to live, you could probably buy a
small board without a wifi chip called a "pi zero" from a store called
"microcenter".  Another approach could be to repurpose something like
an OLPC XO and remove the wifi board, which is very easy to do.
After finding a good candidate airgapped device, you'll want to be
careful with how you use it.  Remember, whenever a new vulnerability
is found, trojans cover the world taking advantage of it, and then try
to find a way to hide inside the corners of all the systems they find.
So, any drive you put in your new device, anything you plug into it,
any update you apply, could be filled with computer-measles that would
find a way to trick it into giving remote control to them.  Keep it
isolated until you have things set up for use.
The next step after getting a reasonable airgapped device, maybe a pi
zero, and ideally keeping it isolated, would be to install gnupg on
it.  Maybe in a forthcoming email!

@_date: 2020-10-12 17:47:44
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Olberman: Trump supporters "must be prosecuted and convicted and removed from our society" after 
Hey zen, try to set up naclbox (`go get github.com/rovaughn/box` if
you have golang installed) and send me something to
c72e81da09e333bc8804205bcfcf3bd8821cad61ad862d57114339e5ee00a664 .
I'm yearning to tell you all about my family's secret demonrat

@_date: 2020-10-13 19:32:47
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
Saaaay I were one of those cool government agent types who gets all
the movies made about them and maybe always worries they would not
only lose their work but possibly be murdered (have not been in a
crowd where that happens myself) if they revealed who they are.  Say I
were working for a government and designed a really cool system that
lets you automatically alter the words people send over the internet,
so that things that were dangerous to the government no longer had
that effect.  Maybe some stuff comes out weird on the other side, but
what's important of course is that there is no longer unrest because
nobody even ever receives the word banana (altered from banana so that
you can receive this message).  Omigod my boss would love me!
What do you think of this idea?
You don't know unless you use signatures!
Don't get scared, most people are kind and trusting.
However, here is a random tutorial on altering the messages of other
people: Good advice, there.  Really, though, I actually need help setting up
message signing, and I'm not sure where to go.  So, my plan is to
figure it out and share it.  I already have my raspberry pi!

@_date: 2020-10-13 18:53:26
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
Okay, I'll read it more.
It sounds like you're imagining me suspecting the list administrator
of harming the list, and feel disgusted by that idea.  (I wouldn't
suspect them of this.)  It sounds like you then tell me that signing
messages is futile and pointless.  (I'm not sure why.)
It seems you're noting there being public cryptographic proof that I
would have sent signed messages, and harm befalling me because of
this.  (I have that harm already, and one can always make a new
private key for a new identity.)
But I wasn't asking why you think it's a bad idea.  I was asking what
you're frustrated about.

@_date: 2020-10-13 17:46:04
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
Hey punk,
It sounds like you felt irritated when I mentioned verifying integrity
of messages.  What's going on?

@_date: 2020-10-12 23:38:22
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
An Ed25519 private key consists of a 32 byte seed (from which you can
cheaply derive the 32 byte private scalar and the 32 byte hash prefix) and
the 32 byte public key.
This is actually what I tried, but I think I need to look at the
implementations to make it work.  I can likely figure the golang out if I
need to, or probably there's a more direct approach to the whole shebang.
Maybe I'll come up with a high latency message to send to your offline
system =)
-sent from my closed source toosmartphone, which is dangerously rotting the
flesh of my hands

@_date: 2020-10-12 22:03:19
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
I embarrassingly haven't sustained much understanding of golang ... I
wanted to convert my box keys to signify-nacl keys but it seems the
formats are different; my own signature doesn't verify when I just
copy the bytes.
Do you know if there is a way to use cargo from an offline system?
This would help inspire me to understand golang better.

@_date: 2020-10-12 20:23:42
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
Also attached to resolve pasting corruption.  Document includes only
through the ---- armor.
As it says inside the document, signature is calculated with tail -n
+4 | head -n -8 | sha512sum .
-----BEGIN NaCl SIGNED MESSAGE-----
                                       Hash: tail -n +4 | head -n -8 |
I want to visit your link except what you said makes no sense to me.  I think
this subscriber crowd would leap on the idea of a nacl-based mailing list.
Everybody knows that email is a crummy, weak norm.
I'm going to wordwrap this whole message, pipe it to sha512sum, and encrypt the
hash to your key.  I'll paste it in to a terminal and end it by hitting ctrl-D
on a blank line, then add a new blank line and the cyphertext at the bottom.
Would you be interested in verifying the checksum?
Here's the encrypted message you sent me, decrypted and rewrapped.  I don't
remember how many characters e-mail wraps to, this is my vim default.
Would you be willing to reply encrypted, so I can have more confidence the
reply has not been altered in transit?  Would you be able to include my message
in your reply, so I can know that you are replying to the same words that I
sent?  A man in the middle could have also made a naclbox identity, and if so
we would want them to copy our words accurately.
Sure, no problem. But as I posted this key I currently use is a *test* key on
my online computer.
Best regards
NaClbox: c72e81da09e333bc8804205bcfcf3bd8821cad61ad862d57114339e5ee00a664
-----BEGIN NaCl SIGNATURE-----
Version: tail -n +4 | head -n -8 | sha512sum
-----END NaCl SIGNATURE-----
Content-Disposition: attachment; filename=message

@_date: 2020-10-12 18:08:50
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
I want to visit your link except what you said makes no sense to me.  I think
this subscriber crowd would leap on the idea of a nacl-based mailing list.
Everybody knows that email is a crummy, weak norm.
I'm going to wordwrap this whole message, pipe it to sha512sum, and encrypt the
hash to your key.  I'll paste it in to a terminal and end it by hitting ctrl-D
on a blank line, then add a new blank line and the cyphertext at the bottom.
Would you be interested in verifying the checksum?
Here's the encrypted message you sent me, decrypted and rewrapped.  I don't
remember how many characters e-mail wraps to, this is my vim default.
Would you be willing to reply encrypted, so I can have more confidence the
reply has not been altered in transit?  Would you be able to include my message
in your reply, so I can know that you are replying to the same words that I
sent?  A man in the middle could have also made a naclbox identity, and if so
we would want them to copy our words accurately.
Sure, no problem. But as I posted this key I currently use is a *test* key on
my online computer.
Best regards
NaClbox: c72e81da09e333bc8804205bcfcf3bd8821cad61ad862d57114339e5ee00a664

@_date: 2020-10-12 17:53:53
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
Man, providing reasons for govcorp to attack me is my job.  You sound
like you're the man in the middle, punk!

@_date: 2020-10-12 17:43:31
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
Why do you not use naclbox to communicate all the time?  Couldn't it
even be used for the cypherpunks mailing list, if the mailing list had
a shared receiving private key, to verify that each person is saying
what they intend?
k's thinkpad, tor source folder,

@_date: 2020-10-12 17:08:07
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
I've slightly changed a part of the message that didn't hold too much meaning.
$ export PATH=$HOME/go/bin:"$PATH"
$ box add-peer -name stefan-test -key
$ base64 -d | box open -from stefan-test
Hello, Karl :-)
$ box seal -to stefan-test | base64
Note: reading payload from stdin
Stefan, I got:
from you.  Is this the same encrypted message as the one you sent?
I'm expecting that it is.
If I had sent a nacl-encrypted message to Stefan out of the blue, he
might have gotten excited to have received an encrypted message, and
accessed his offline machine to read it and reply.

@_date: 2020-10-12 16:10:19
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
$ go get github.com/rovaughn/box
$ ~/go/bin/box
box help
box new-identity [-name NAME]
box add-peer -name NAME -key PUBLICKEY
box list [NAME ...]
box seal [-from IDENTITY] -to PEER SEALED
box open -from PEER [-to IDENTITY] MESSAGE
Error: Command required
$ ~/go/bin/box new-identity
$ ~/go/bin/box list
NAME  KIND      PUBLIC KEY
self  identity  c72e81da09e333bc8804205bcfcf3bd8821cad61ad862d57114339e5ee00a664
$ ~/go/bin/box add-peer -name stefan -key
$ ~/go/bin/box seal -to stefan > message.sealed
Stefan: did you get this?
[Ctrl-D to terminate entry] # I also changed something minor in the
encrypted message, to support private communication.
$ xxd -ps message.sealed
Stefan, 0200000076304200000031c2f6d6329d2d26347613cb5e9c8f3e1848b707
078aba0045b435e25859e8b8814d7658 ?
- karl's-rhel7ae25thinkpad-that-mysteriously-freezes-up-when-he-leaves-it-online,
naclbox c72e81da09e333bc8804205bcfcf3bd8821cad61ad862d57114339e5ee00a664

@_date: 2020-10-12 15:13:46
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Trying to Connect with a Hacker Online 
So, every hacker [s/is slowly forgetting due to global gaslighting and
abuse/knows firmly/] that plaintext, unsigned communications are
pointless because all the political influences between you and the
person you're communicating with will alter your communications.  In
order to connect we have to find each other on networks that are more
reliable than e-mail.
A clue to finding these networks, people, and other exotic
information, is weird strings of numbers and letters that seem like
random gobbledygook, almost as if we were copy and pasting computer
glitches to each other.  No, these confusing strings of characters are
the words of computer hackers: especially if the alphabetic characters
never exceed 'f' in the alphabet, which does not stand for 'fuck this
is confusing', but rather for 'we made computers highly efficient by
braking them into powers of two'.  It's called hexadecimal.
Here, we have a hexadecimal string associated with the phrase
'NaClbox'.  'NaCl' is a stupid-people-who-use-computers word for
encryption and verification.  'box' is the same for computer.
Let's search for it and see i we can find this random string of hexadecimal=
This time, I'm going to [s/heal my injured spine/wise up to the
manipulative marketing AIs/] just a smidge, and use a search engine
other than google.  Even better would be _asking a human being_, but
we're not quite that smart yet.  I'll try duckduckgo.
I typed 'naclbox' into duckduckgo and the first hit is ...
 !  This has to be it, right?  It has the
right domain name!  A computer game thing!  This hacker must have been
asking us to play computer games with them, how friendly!
Let's do some wizardry called a 'dns lookup' on that url.  There's a
way, given _any url_, to get information on who purchased it and stuff
like that.  If [s/you're actually part of a major corporate conspiracy
and are frequently hired to kill people who look into the origins of
coverups/you have schizophrenia from too many dns lookups/] you may
have trouble doing this important research, but it's not very hard to
Searching the internet for "lookup dns purchase command line", I see a
way to copy the term that [s/gives me severe traumatic flashbacks/i
haven't learned to use yet/]: "whois".  My system doesn't have "whois"
installed because I'm a normal person, not a mumbo-jumbo computer
wizard, but I can install it like any other package, and run it on
$ whois naclbox.com
   Domain Name: NACLBOX.COM
   Registry Domain ID: 1653881042_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
   Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.gandi.net
   Registrar URL:    Updated Date: 2020-03-27T19:42:08Z
   Creation Date: 2011-05-01T15:51:02Z
   Registry Expiry Date: 2021-05-01T15:51:02Z
   Registrar: Gandi SAS
   Registrar IANA ID: 81
   Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse
   Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +33.170377661
   Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited
   Name Server: NS-1219.AWSDNS-24.ORG
   Name Server: NS-1965.AWSDNS-53.CO.UK
   Name Server: NS-259.AWSDNS-32.COM
   Name Server: NS-544.AWSDNS-04.NET
   DNSSEC: unsigned
   URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: This record claims that the domain was purchased on 2011 and expires
2021.  It's been a really long time since I've done this, but I was
expecting to see some information on e.g. a technical contact or
something: a real human being associated with the website.  Maybe I
have too look somewhere else.  I tried this:
$ whois -h whois.gandhi.net naclbox.com
which just sits there and hangs.
Anyway, it sounds like the _cryptographic_ nacl project would be able
to purchase this domain in 2021 if they wanted.  Farther down the
duckduckgo results is a more promising link, that leads to
 .  Unfortunately, this
project now calls itself "package box", not "nacl box", which is
discouraging.  Still, we can look it over.
Woohoo!  "package box" says it is a generic frontend for NaCl
encryption, which implies that it's possible that the signature we
found is a public key for sending somebody private messages in a
reliable manner, and that any tool that does this NaCl encryption can
communicate with him.  "package box" links to a central nacl website:
 .
A great way to check if we interpreted these
letters-and-numbers-mumbo-jumbo correctly is to try to use them.
We'll try to send this guy ... what's their name?
We'll try to send
cc5c5f846c661343745772156a7751a5eb34d3e83d84b7d6884e507e105fd675 a
message !  This might mean learning to use nacl.  The page I found is
a c++ interface, so I'll just use that since [s/my fingers and eyes
spazz out uncontrollably when i use the web now/it's a good exercise
for me to write a small C++ program/].
$ sudo yum install nacl-devel # nacl is a software development library
for secure communication that's been available on linux systems for
some time now
If you've been through [s/an abusive enslavement experience where you
suffered severe injuries and learned to dissociate from your memories
as way of life/a corporate or government training program/] you may
have difficulty forming encrypted communications with a hacker online,
but rest assured everything is fine: since the worldwide digital
coronavirus has thoroughly filled your device with malware, all the
corporate goonies can make sure everything is okay, and since this guy
is an experienced enough hacker to communicate with letters and
numbers, they'll be able to tell that you aren't one of them.  That
doesn't mean they'll be able to keep themselves safe from your
oppressive surveillance and control situations!  It's your job to
[s/manage those by communicating with your contacts/mourn your wake of
dead hackers after the fact/].  So please make a record of what you do
so that others can learn from it after somebody new [s/dies
horrifically or gets forcibly enslaved by a criminal corporate
dictator/gets bored and ignores the rest of us/]!
First we need to generate a naclbox of our own, to send the
communication from.  It's just a set of small personal letters and
The website has this in it:
 "crypto_box.h"
     std::string pk;
     std::string sk;
     pk =3D crypto_box_keypair(&sk);
responding public key. It puts the secret key into sk and returns the publi=
c key. It guarantees that sk has crypto_box_SECRETKEYBYTES bytes and that p=
k has crypto_box_PUBLICKEYBYTES bytes.
The secret key is like your brainstem and your heart.  You don't let
anybody else even get a whiff of them, _certainly_ never touch them or
see them, or you could get hurt.  Since [s/I'm a corporate slave/this
is just an example/], I'll be storing my brainstem on the malware
that's infesting the system I am typing this on.
On my system, I'll have to mutate the example from the website just a
tiny bit, to get it to compile.
   int main(int argc, char **argv) {
    if (argc !=3D 2) {
        std::cerr << "Error: provide new delicate brainstem file as
first argument." << std::endl;
        return -1;
    }
    std::string pk;
    std::string sk;
    pk =3D crypto_box_keypair(&sk);
    std::string brainstem =3D argv[1];
    std::ofstream
    delicate_precious_guts_we_are_going_to_figure_out_how_to_protect << sk;
    // this is a c++ way to convert from computer innards to
hexadecimal letters and numbers
    std::cout << brainstem << "'s name is: " << std::hex;
    for (char const * byte =3D pk.data(); byte !=3D pk.data() + pk.size();
++ byte) {
        std::cout << ((*byte) & 0xff);
    }
    std::cout << std::endl;
    std::cout << "Don't lose track of it or nobody will be able to
find 'em!" << std::endl;
I actually had to work with it quite a bit while handling my issues.
$ g++ nacl-generate.cpp -o nacl-generate -l nacl
$ ./nacl-generate delicate
delicate's name is:
Don't lose track of it or nobody will be able to find 'em!
$ mv delicate 1934067c6303d231b897152a989bd905fe82b5130de209a1ddb61e118e7a4=
This file of letters and numbers is now _our_ identity.  We can make
similar programs to send and receive messages with them.  There are
likely tools out there already to do this automatically, and if not it
would be a problem to be solved.
Here's some code to receive messages with the file we made:
    std::string binary2hex(std::string binary)
    std::stringstream ss;
    ss << std::hex;
    for (char const * byte =3D binary.data(); byte !=3D binary.data() +
binary.size(); ++ byte) {
        ss << ((*byte) & 0xff);
    }
    return ss.str();
int main(int argc, char **argv) {
    if (argc !=3D 2) {
        std::cerr << "Error: provide delicate private file as first
argument." << std::endl;
        return -1;
    }
    std::string pk, pkhex;
    std::string sk;
    std::string n, nhex;
    std::string c, chex;
    std::string m;
    std::ifstream skfile(argv[1]);
    skfile >> sk;
    std::cerr << argv[0] << " receiving." << std::endl;
    // Although hackers like to share things in confusing ways, for example=
 by
    // cramming the public key, the nonce, and the ciphertext all together,
    // we're separating them out here to ease my learning this new system.
    // When sending the greeting to the hacker, we may want to jam all the =
    // together, offering it as either a reasonably-confusing puzzle or a g=
    // as to having already put the time in to learn the system, so that we
    // speak their language more.  Hackers tend to assume that everybody ha=
s as
    // much free time as they do, and might misinterpret things if somebody
    // didn't act as if they also did.  This assumption would be easy
to change by
    // playing their hacking games with them or preferably simply talking
    // clearly and directly and publically, rather than [s/fucking up their=
 open
    // source people and projects/waiting for them to notice/].  But obviou=
    // we can't do that, since we're [s/a bunch of people who want to help,
    // not the people in charge/too busy to get personally involved/].
    std::cerr << "Enter public key of sender: " << std::flush;
    std::cin >> pkhex;
    pk =3D binary2hex(pkhex);
    std::cerr << "Enter nonce: " << std::flush;
    std::cin >> nhex;
    n =3D binary2hex(nhex);
    std::cerr << "Enter cyphertext: " << std::flush;
    std::cin >> chex;
    c =3D binary2hex(chex);
    m =3D crypto_box_open(c,n,pk,sk);
    /*The crypto_box_open function verifies and decrypts a ciphertext
c using the receiver's secret key sk, the sender's public key pk, and
a nonce n. The crypto_box_open function returns the resulting
plaintext m.*/
    std::cout << m << std::endl;
In the next possible episode, we would either make a sourcefile to
send a message to the hacker by again copying from that same website,
or find a pre-existing tool that already does so, and then try sending
a message to see if we even interpreted their signature at all
correctly.  We might also make an embarrassed reply, asking what their
signature means, or search the archives of the list to find a clear
explanation of it sitting there.

@_date: 2020-10-13 00:11:46
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Olberman: Trump supporters 
Your words are _vaguely_ similar to the tor source code.  If we copied the
tor source code, maybe we could make iqnets!  Whaddaya think?

@_date: 2020-10-13 01:17:01
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Threads 
Replying in support of hidden faces.  We need a norm of anonymity for
everyone's safety.
I don't see the content to this post: punk puts a lot of energy in

@_date: 2020-10-12 22:36:04
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Looking at the tor daemon source code 
tor]$ grep -r 'main(' src/app
src/app/config/or_options_st.h:  int LogMessageDomains; /**< Boolean:
Should we log the domain(s) in which
src/app/main/main.c:/* Main entry point for the Tor process.  Called
from tor_main(), and by
src/app/main/main.c:tor_run_main(const tor_main_configuration_t *tor_cfg)
src/app/main/ntmain.c:static void nt_service_main(void);
src/app/main/ntmain.c:   *    from those given to main() function.
src/app/main/ntmain.c:      nt_service_main();
src/app/main/tor_main.c: * \brief Stub module containing a main() function.
src/app/main/tor_main.c: * tests, which have their own main()s, can
link against main.c.
src/app/main/tor_main.c:int tor_main(int argc, char *argv[]);
src/app/main/tor_main.c:/** We keep main() in a separate file so that
our unit tests can use
src/app/main/tor_main.c:main(int argc, char *argv[])
src/app/main/tor_main.c:  r = tor_main(argc, argv);
$ cat src/app/main/tor_main.c
This is likely the main entry code for Tor.  (Hey, tell me when it's
time to shut up, if you're a hacker.) These files are like the genes
of tor: they make it all work when you finally 'conceive' the tor
process by running it, the kernel having electronic sex (I'm a prude
myself) with the harddrive, sending its data regions through the
various processes of the system loader, until the kernel process grows
into a confused little application.  And they were handmade by
software developers like the famous Jacob Appelbaum, who is
unfortunately the same age as me!  He doesn't have _that_ big a beard,
but he does have glasses, so his beard is big enough to be a coder.
 * Copyright (c) 2004-2006, Roger Dingledine, Nick Mathewson.
 * Copyright (c) 2007-2020, The Tor Project, Inc. */
This stuff people put at the top of their source code to support
various lawyer heroes they know.  Often richard stallman gets a big
chunk up here.  Tor is kind and refers us to another file for details
rather than making us scroll past it all.
 "orconfig.h"
 ENABLE_RESTART_DEBUGGING
 Header files.  orconfig.h looks like some of that system-specific
stuff that `./configure` might have generated.  The basically indicate that ./configure can enable or disable the region
between them.  "stdlib" is used for a wide variety of functions.
 * \file tor_main.c
 * \brief Stub module containing a main() function.
 *
 * We keep the main function in a separate module so that the unit
 * tests, which have their own main()s, can link against main.c.
 **/
int tor_main(int argc, char *argv[]);
This is a very clear description of the file we are looking at.  The
commenting style is well-accepted, and quite easy for developers to
look at it, because it is so normal.
The comment implies that the _real_ guts are going to be in main.c .
We can look at that file after this one.
 * functions from main.c.
 */
main(int argc, char *argv[])
Here they said a very similar thing, but put the comment on the main
function instead of the tor_main function.  This is because
programmers can get very confused after spending their lives staring
at blinking rectangles instead of talking to other people.  It's
possible a software developer would only see the thing they are
looking for, and not the things around it!  Additionally, software
developers learn to be very obsessive compulsive about rigorous
consistency in the structures they design, because if they don't do
that when working inside a computer the computer can develop a bad
issue of smoke leaving its cpu.  Comments don't affect the cpu.
  int r;
This defines a variable "r", saying it is an integer, and that nobody
knows what it will be used for quite yet.
 ENABLE_RESTART_DEBUGGING
  int restart_count = getenv("TOR_DEBUG_RESTART") ? 1 : 0;
 again:
Here's that mysterious use of ``!  `getenv` is a function
from stdlib that gets a variable from the environment.  If this
feature is enabled, the user can set `TOR_DEBUG_RESTART` to control
the value of restart_count, _without changing or recompiling any
code_!  Miraculous!
  r = tor_main(argc, argv);
This hands off control of the system to the tor_main function and is
the _only thing_ actually being done here.  There's no need to look
any more at this file.  It's basically saying that `tor_main` is the
real `main`, over and over again.
tor]$ grep -r 'tor_main(' .
./ChangeLog:      return from the tor_main() function, rather than calling the
./ReleaseNotes:      return from the tor_main() function, rather than
calling the
./src/app/main/main.c:/* Main entry point for the Tor process.  Called
from tor_main(), and by
./src/app/main/tor_main.c:int tor_main(int argc, char *argv[]);
./src/app/main/tor_main.c:  r = tor_main(argc, argv);
./src/feature/api/tor_api.c:tor_main(int argc, char *argv[])
./src/feature/api/tor_api.h:int tor_main(int argc, char **argv);
`tor_main` appears to be in tor_api.c .  If you want to memorize the
basics of how tor works, that's the next file to look in.  That's all
for now, folks!

@_date: 2020-10-13 17:40:47
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: Central Interest Rates Toward Zero, Poisons, Distastes, #DrainTheSwamp 
Well, on the tor topic, I thought of two relevant questions,
Message =E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90
 to
what do you think would be a good use of small amounts of coding
effort, on tor or not?
say we wanted to add something like constant bandwidth in and out of
every node: do you have any informed idea of what to search for in the
source, to find where the onions are wrapped, forwarded, unwrapped?
 of
 to
 a
 is
 is
n to
 of
=E2=80=93 A
 list of
 to
 of
=94 BLS12-381
25519 curve
=94 RIPEMD160
=94 secp256k1
 of

@_date: 2020-10-13 13:02:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: Central Interest Rates Toward Zero, Poisons, Distastes, #DrainTheSwamp 
To me, it looks like you guys are wasting your time arguing about
different kinds of fake news, when there is work to be done.
What do you need from me, to be able to consider doing some coding with me?

@_date: 2020-10-13 13:21:33
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: #IButterfly - #200+870 - #EveryStateEveryDistrict - #Own435 - Re: Olberman: Trump supporters 
To translate: Zenaan if you do get hospitalized, my phone number is
+1-207-518-8256 and I can find advocates in your area.  You can also
call me up if somebody is about to do it, and I will vouch for you.

@_date: 2020-10-13 13:18:34
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: #IButterfly - #200+870 - #EveryStateEveryDistrict - #Own435 - Re: Olberman: Trump supporters 
Really, I don't think Zenaan is to blame for this, or he would have stopped.

@_date: 2020-10-13 13:16:19
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: #IButterfly - #200+870 - #EveryStateEveryDistrict - #Own435 - Re: Olberman: Trump supporters 
Hello I don't know who you are, and haven't actually read the linked
article, but I think something has troubled this man Zenaan's work for
you.  Something seems to be forcing him to leak corporate mafia
secrets all over us.  He won't stop.
His articles and memes are making it look like corporate mob bosses
are funding the alt-right.
This channel is about cryptography, technology, and community (not
partisan) freedom.  Everything he says is totally out of place here,
and everybody here notices all of it.  He's been repeatedly called out
by a variety of folks.
A lot of us are playing along with him to try to hack your company
with our own behavior memes.  Given we are actual experienced computer
hackers, this might be concerning for you.

@_date: 2020-10-15 03:09:58
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
I thought about this a bit, realised some strong danger of only two hops,
and realised that more hops are needed if an adversary is running many
nodes.  Brings ideas of blockchains, trust metrics, friend-to-friend
Bandwidth is /5.

@_date: 2020-10-15 03:03:11
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
How about more routers if there are more users?
I'm curious why you believe it to be not enough (two seems good enough to
my quick guesses if traffic is constant, but I can't think worth beans);
I'm happy to look at a reference.
padding traffic would at least
I propose constant rate: cover traffic reduces as legitimate traffic
increases.  Would this work, do you think?
Mmm might need good bare metal algorithms.  Easier to use the client device
which has more CPU.
Wouldn't using chaff to make your transfer rate relatively constant close
almost all of this anonymity attack surface?

@_date: 2020-10-14 23:30:00
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
Let's say each user has 500Mbps up and down.  I usually break out a shell
interpreter like python and type things in to get them exact.
A single user transfers 150 TB a month with 500 Mbps.
So a million users would be a _million_ times that.  Each taking three hops
is a pretty small factor, still beyond petabytes of transfer ... what error
have I made?

@_date: 2020-10-14 23:14:30
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
Well, I see what I did wrong there now, but Peter, 1TB per user is only a 3
Mbps connection (right?). Shouldn't the bandwidth just divide by the number
of hops?

@_date: 2020-10-14 22:59:13
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
Could you explain your math here?  How did 500TB/3 (am I wrong?) become
I don't see how what you said above is related to whether the data is real
or decoy.  Obviously you would keep the sum of the two constant.
Enforcing TLS is much more reasonable nowadays.  (You could add a plugin to
use http tricks to hide file sizes.). Not what I would focus on once it
gets nonsimple.
Seems reasonable to make this pluggable.  Final use would need all users to
look the same, and no exits have a predictable source.
Seems to me the smaller it is to build the more likely it is to reach
completion and use.
My gut is that evil intent is pretty rare in a group of like-minded people
putting work in.  It's more likely people are acting on differing
information or experiences, or can't escape something difficult.

@_date: 2020-10-14 21:48:46
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
Myself, I'm not quite sure where to think here next.  It seems like
you guys are moving the thoughts forward.
My conceptual contribution is that forking an existing project is
easier than starting a new one.
If Jim is hardware-only, he might be unaware how easy it is to pull
out and replace conceptual parts of something that already exists, in
software.  The tor project, for example, has a lot of followers, so I
bet if you added chaff you could spread news of your fork and lots of
people would use it and help it grow.
I wouldn't wait for this myself.
re bitmessage, which appears a great reliable message delivery system,
it's pretty clear there isn't any real anonymity if you look at the
protocol, but it's easy to add a layer of it with something else.
y'know i'm a little new to usenet.  i flipped through the wikipedia
article and its properties of universal broadcast and storage sound a
little similar to those of a blockchain; i bet it would be intuitive
to add the fault tolerance of a blockchain.

@_date: 2020-10-13 22:46:24
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
You added the second bit.  Corporations and governments ask for
complete plans first.  It is faster to develop agilely, because a lot
of the work is the same regardless of what the plan is.
Really though punk, my issues happened when I stopped using tor.  It
was working great.  After developing my issues, tor no longer works to
evade them.  I expect it still works for those who haven't developed
them, follow the guidelines, and keep a low profile.

@_date: 2020-10-13 21:12:57
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
like, poor zenaan who was forced to spread fake news all day, made
 which basically says all the concerns
to include.  you just keep addressing them until they're all

@_date: 2020-10-13 20:50:45
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
I'm more interested in actually starting work.  There's a ton of
research and talk about it.  If you want a start for an idea, how
about an onion-router like tor, except each link has a set constant
transfer rate.  If you want more bandwidth, open another link to the
same node, and spread bytes between them.
There's going to be some issue, and the plan could be adjusted to
accommodate the issue.  It's most important to build it at this point.

@_date: 2020-10-13 20:28:20
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
This is a good idea, but is still what not to do, not what to actually do.

@_date: 2020-10-13 20:27:09
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
You say the same things over and over without dialogue way more
clearly than others do.  I don't get it at all.  Anything else I
should know?

@_date: 2020-10-13 20:12:58
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
I'm burning out a bit so I want to add,
Please if you have better ideas of what _to_ do, suggest them.
Haven't read any proposals yet.

@_date: 2020-10-13 20:11:18
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
punk, it's not helpful to tell people not to use tor.  tor _increases
their anonymity_. it _is_ helpful to make sure they know they are
_still not fully anonymous_ using it.  We want people using tor, and
understanding that they are still not anonymous.  The increased
anonymity reduces the random harm, and increases the flow of free
Do you assume that 'feature' can't be pulled out?  last i looked it
was more educational institutions than the pentagon, dunno.

@_date: 2020-10-13 20:03:19
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
Looking Inside a Cyberweapon
Let's continue our exploration of the insides of tor, since if we're
spamming a coder list we might as well do it with code.  If you can
crack this cyberweapon, maybe you can turn it against invading aliens
like me.
 src]$ less app/main/main.c
Turns out the next file is the same as the previous file, just a
different spot.  In `less`, you can hit `/` and then type some words
and hit enter, to move forward to where those words are in the file.
Hit `n` to go to the next occurrence.  To go up to the top of the file
to cycle again, hit `g` So:
`/run_tor_main_loop` And there it is.  The main loop of tor.
  handle_signals();
  timers_initialize();
  initialize_mainloop_events();
No comments here.  Different.  Three more initialization calls, but
since they sound like smaller concepts being initialized than before.
  /* load the private keys, if we're supposed to have them, and set up the
   * TLS context. */
  if (! client_identity_key_is_set()) {
    if (init_keys() < 0) {
      log_err(LD_OR, "Error initializing keys; exiting");
      return -1;
    }
  }
Okay, it seems like tor has a client identity key, which makes a ton
of sense.  These calls to `client_identitiy_key_is_set` and
`init_keys` imply that tor stores its state in static global data.
This means a single tor process can't run two tor nodes.  It's easy to
change but involves slightly altering words throughout the entire
source.  Meanwhile, functions are quicker to type this way, because
you don't need to tell them which node they're working with.
I'm now wondering where and how the running tor state is stored, and I
could maybe visit `client_identity_key_is_set` or `init_keys` to start
learning that.
  /* Set up our buckets */
  connection_bucket_init();
The word 'bucket' is often used to represent a chunk of objects
(objects are basically computer thoughts), grouped together to find
and store them easily, often in a list.
There's a certain kind of list called an array or a vector, that is
stored as a big long line of data, all in a row, inside the computer.
So when people with beards talk about arrays or vectors, they mean
that the list is organized in an ordered line, inside the computer.
When you just say 'list' it doesn't necessarily mean this.  I imagine
buckets as being part of an array or vector, but I don't really know.
  /* initialize the bootstrap status events to know we're starting up */
  control_event_bootstrap(BOOTSTRAP_STATUS_STARTING, 0);
Maybe this is referencing the control protocol of Tor, a server it
runs that other programs can connect to control it, if you authorize
  /* Initialize the keypinning log. */
  if (authdir_mode_v3(get_options())) {
    char *fname = get_datadir_fname("key-pinning-journal");
    int r = 0;
    if (keypin_load_journal(fname)<0) {
      log_err(LD_DIR, "Error loading key-pinning journal: %s",strerror(errno));
      r = -1;
    }
    if (keypin_open_journal(fname)<0) {
      log_err(LD_DIR, "Error opening key-pinning journal: %s",strerror(errno));
      r = -1;
    }
    tor_free(fname);
    if (r)
      return r;
  }
  {
    /* This is the old name for key-pinning-journal.  These got corrupted
     * in a couple of cases by  so we started over. See  for
     * the rationale and for other options we didn't take.  We can remove
     * this code once all the authorities that ran 0.2.7.1-alpha-dev are
     * upgraded.
     */
    char *fname = get_datadir_fname("key-pinning-entries");
    unlink(fname);
    tor_free(fname);
  }
Key-pinning often means a way to store what the identities of things
are, so as to reject them if they change.  Don't know for sure.
  if (trusted_dirs_reload_certs()) {
    log_warn(LD_DIR,
             "Couldn't load all cached v3 certificates. Starting anyway.");
  }
Ouch!  Nobody will ever see this warning.  It likely relates to
knowing you are connecting to the nodes that you think you are.  It
looks unlikely.
  if (router_reload_consensus_networkstatus()) {
    return -1;
  }
  /* load the routers file, or assign the defaults. */
  if (router_reload_router_list()) {
    return -1;
  }
I wonder if it's connecting to nodes on the internet yet.  I'm curious
what `router_reload_consensus_networkstatus` does.
  /* load the networkstatuses. (This launches a download for new routers as
   * appropriate.)
   */
  const time_t now = time(NULL);
  directory_info_has_arrived(now, 1, 0);
This sounds pretty important.  Better check what
`directory_info_has_arrived` does.
  if (server_mode(get_options()) || dir_server_mode(get_options())) {
    /* launch cpuworkers. Need to do this *after* we've read the onion key. */
    cpu_init();
  }
  consdiffmgr_enable_background_compression();
  /* Setup shared random protocol subsystem. */
  if (authdir_mode_v3(get_options())) {
    if (sr_init(1) < 0) {
      return -1;
    }
  }
We can confirm with "launch cpuworkers" and `background_compression`
that it's using multiple threads now.  It's apparently now already
loaded an 'onion key'.
  /* initialize dns resolve map, spawn workers if needed */
  if (dns_init() < 0) {
    if (get_options()->ServerDNSAllowBrokenConfig)
      log_warn(LD_GENERAL, "Couldn't set up any working nameservers. "
               "Network not up yet?  Will try again soon.");
    else {
      log_err(LD_GENERAL,"Error initializing dns subsystem; exiting.  To "
              "retry instead, set the ServerDNSAllowBrokenResolvConf option.");
    }
  }
This doesn't look that interesting; I think tor keeps an internal
mapping of dns names.
 HAVE_SYSTEMD
  {
    const int r = sd_notify(0, "READY=1");
    if (r < 0) {
      log_warn(LD_GENERAL, "Unable to send readiness to systemd: %s",
               strerror(r));
    } else if (r > 0) {
      log_notice(LD_GENERAL, "Signaled readiness to systemd");
    } else {
      log_info(LD_GENERAL, "Systemd NOTIFY_SOCKET not present.");
    }
  }
 /* defined(HAVE_SYSTEMD) */
I'm thinking I can totally ignore this since many valid systems don't
have systemd.
  return do_main_loop();
Here we get handed off to yet another main loop.  Familiar!
 src]$ grep -r do_main_loop\( .
./app/main/main.c:  return do_main_loop();
$ grep -r directory_info_has_arrived\( .
./app/main/main.c:  directory_info_has_arrived(now, 1, 0);
./core/mainloop/mainloop.c:directory_info_has_arrived(time_t now, int
from_cache, int suppress_logs)
Looks like `core/mainloop/mainloop.c` is the next place to go.

@_date: 2020-10-13 19:39:34
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
That's important information.  You spew a lot of hard to believe
extreme interpretations, do you have a link or personal story to back
this up?

@_date: 2020-10-13 19:07:17
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
Some words were exchanged offlist.  Maybe punk can forward them.
Anyway, these software projects all have some big issue, and it's down
to use to fix that issue and call it out clearly and directly.
Funding isn't inherently an issue.  Not addressing security concerns
properly is.

@_date: 2020-10-14 21:35:20
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: [At-Risk Shares] Enumeration of Reasons to Leave Github 
I'm hoping to phase off my comments soon, but punk I note you saying
"technofascist" here sometimes, on a list where technology is
discussed a lot.
As an anarchoprimitivist, I "secretly" hate technology (but as a
software developer use it for most of my tasks), and I hang out
sometimes with people who see anybody who develops or develops with
technology as a harmful authority.  But I don't really expect to hear
that opinion here.
Is this a view you hold?  Are you aware of there being others here who
hold that view?

@_date: 2020-10-14 21:30:11
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: [At-Risk Shares] Enumeration of Reasons to Leave Github 
I went a little crazy there, but phabricator seems ok I suppose.  It's
written in php.  google of course lists the github repo first, and
there are no instructions on how to contribute at the github repo: it
just says "secret ancient trials".  I did find the main repo, and I
asked them about the rare features I value at their forum.  They
didn't have them.  This saved me a lot of scouring through the php
I was looking into  which was rated well on my
first post that railed against github.  I don't expect that it has
these features either, though.  We probably need to fork a project
ourselves to add decentralization to project management.
The thread I asked at was
.  Here's a copy of the content:
I was curious about phabricator, is there a way to access the issue or
wiki data via code checkout? Or is it held in a separate database with
only UI access?
Separate database.
There=E2=80=99s API access (=E2=80=9CConduit=E2=80=9D) for most of the task=
s and Wiki data.
Thanks so much. Is there any way to run a mirror of an entire
phabricator host? or of individual projects on another host, including
You can probably clone the database, and run the mirror in read-only
mode. Why would you want to do that?
I=E2=80=99m thinking of how relevant phabricator is for decentralized
community work, where the person running the server may not keep
running it forever, and people will want to be able to migrate on.
Similar to the model of git itself.
I guess you=E2=80=99d need to provide access to the database to clone it.
Phabricator is not built for this kind of workflow; it=E2=80=99s much more
oriented towards centralized workflows, with a single source-of-truth.
Thank you. Only a few options are, really.

@_date: 2020-10-14 10:32:56
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: [At-Risk Shares] Enumeration of Reasons to Leave Github 
james, We need actual solutions, not solutions that say they are good
in a really convincing way.

@_date: 2020-10-14 10:29:52
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: [At-Risk Shares] Enumeration of Reasons to Leave Github 
I could barely control this reply, because I saw this:
Write Things Down
You can write things down and revert them later with Phriction, which
is a document wiki.
You can write text.
That text stays there.
You can read it later.
You can make text purple. Purple text resolves conflicts!
and it triggered an experience I had where fbi-like influences forced
me to engage the homeless communities in my area as if they were a
gang war between the bloods and the cripps, the blues and the reds,
and I obsessively flee color polarization.

@_date: 2020-10-14 10:26:48
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: [At-Risk Shares] Enumeration of Reasons to Leave Github 
I appreciate phabricator's dedication to conflict resolution and would
like to try it out.

@_date: 2020-10-14 10:11:56
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: [At-Risk Shares] Enumeration of Reasons to Leave Github 
so you know, phabricator rejects pull requests
freebsd has a fork that appears to be accepting pull requests
it's cool that phabricator offers ancient trials in order to have your
pull requests accepted.  they don't link to the trials for people to
try to pass them, so it makes sense that freebsd's fork has some

@_date: 2020-10-14 08:43:18
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: [At-Risk Shares] Enumeration of Reasons to Leave Github 
* Sexist treatment toward saleswomen who are [told to
dresses, heels, etc. * Hosted by Google. *
through privacy abuser CloudFlare. *
* Hostile treatment of Tor users trying to register. * Hostile
treatment of new users who attempt to register with a
` forwarding email address to track spam and to
protect their more sensitive internal email address. * Hostile
treatment of Tor users *after* they've established an account and have
proven to be a non-spammer.
Regarding the last bullet, I was simply trying to edit an existing
message that I already posted and was forced to solve a CAPTCHA
(attached). There are several problems with this:
CAPTCHAs break robots and robots are not necessarily malicious. E.g. I
could have had a robot correcting a widespread misspelling error in
all my posts.
CAPTCHAs put humans to work for machines when it is machines that
should work for humans.
CAPTCHAs are defeated. Spammers find it economical to use third-world
sweat shop labor for CAPTCHAs while legitimate users have this burden
of broken CAPTCHAs.
The reCAPTCHA puzzle requires a connection to Google
Google's reCAPTCHAs compromise security as a consequence of
surveillance capitalism that entails collection of IP address, browser
anonymity is compromised.
(speculative) could Google push malicious j/s that intercepts user
registration information?
Users are forced to execute non-free javascript (recaptcha/api.js).
The reCAPTCHA requires a GUI, thus denying service to users of
text-based clients.
CAPTCHAs put humans to work for machines when it is machines who
should be working for humans. PRISM corp Google Inc. benefits
financially from the puzzle solving work, giving Google an opportunity
to collect data, abuse it, and profit from it. E.g. Google can track
which of their logged-in users are visiting the page presenting the
The reCAPTCHAs are often broken. This amounts to a denial of service.
E.g.1: the CAPTCHA server itself refuses to give the puzzle saying
there is too much activity.
The CAPTCHAs are often unsolvable.
E.g.1: the CAPTCHA puzzle is broken by ambiguity (is one pixel in a
grid cell of a pole holding a street sign considered a street sign?)
E.g.2: the puzzle is expressed in a language the viewer doesn't understand.
(note: for a brief moment gitlab.com switched to hCAPTCHA by Intuition
Machines, Inc. but now they're back to Google's reCAPTCHA)
Network neutrality abuse: there is an access inequality whereby users
logged into Google accounts are given more favorable treatment the
CAPTCHA (but then they take on more privacy abuse). Tor users are
given extra harsh treatment.

@_date: 2020-10-14 08:32:01
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [At-Risk Shares] Enumeration of Reasons to Leave Github 
meanwhile ... I found this on the haven issues repository, seems like
it needs more value.  (the evac guide at
 is stale for 2 years).
To improve the credibility of the project and attract
privacy-respecting developers, please consider moving away from
It's particularly important to get the bug tracker off MS Github to
encourage reports.
Direct practical problems with using Microsoft Github
A survey shows that a significant number of bug reports are withheld
when the bug tracker is inside a restrictive or politically
controversial walled-garden like MS Github or gitlab.com.
Github is Tor-hostile according to Tor project. GH has started forcing
Tor users through an extra email verification step that effectively
discourages bug reports: github-tor_hostility
MS failed to secure Github, which was breached to the tune of 500gb of
private projects. Security incompetence is further showcased by an
MS-imposed requirement to create and account and sign in to report an
MS security bug. And for those not discouraged by that, the sign-in
page is also broken. Then security was breached again in July 2020
when OAuth tokens were stolen from both Github and Gitlab.com.
MS suppresses democracy by blocking Github access to a project that
facilitates protests in Catalonia.
Ethical problems with using Microsoft products and services
Microsoft harms the environment by serving the two most destructive
oil companies in the world: ExxonMobil and Chevron.
( Exxon notoriously knew about climate change since 1977.
They not only kept it secret from the public, but they also financed a
disinformation campaign.
Microsoft and Chevron were caught each paying $100k to "the
Cloakroom", a project to hide bribes going from large corporations to
republican politicians.
Chevron's right-leaning stance is further pushed through its
membership with ALEC, which doubles as a superPAC and bill mill that
lobbies and writes policy for U.S. republicans.
Microsoft is a notorious privacy abuser:
MS is a PRISM corporation prone to mass surveillance.
MS supported CISPA and collaborates with the NSA.
MS paid $195k to fight the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
MS drug tests its employees, thus intruding on their privacy outside
the workplace.
MS finances other privacy abusers:
In 2012 Microsoft spent $35 million on Facebook ads and in 2015
Microsoft was the third biggest spender on Facebook ads in the world.
MS proxies through Accenture to make Sweden cashless. The war on cash
is war on privacy.
MS supplies Bing search service which gives high rankings to
privacy-abusing CloudFlare websites.
MS owns and operates Outlook Email and the LinkedIn social media site,
both of which are exclusive walled-gardens that limit participation to
those who have a phone number and the will to share it with Microsoft.
MS supplies hotmail.com email service, which uses vigilante extremist
org Spamhaus to force residential internet users to share all their
e-mail metadata and payloads with a corporate third-party.
MS unlawfully used people's images without consent to train their
facial recognition products
MS distributes a nonfree operating system, Microsoft Windows, which is
jam-packed with malicious functionalities, including surveillance of
users, DRM, censorship and a universal back door.
MS was caught surreptitiously recording Xbox users and paying
contractors to listen to the recordings.
Dutch government commissioned a study which found Microsoft to have
several GDPR violations. E.g. Office 365 violates GDPR article 5 =C2=B6
1.c, GDPR article 17, and stores the data outside the EEA (may also be
a GDPR breach).
Microsoft is detrimental to human rights and democracy
Microsoft finances AnyVision to produce facial recognition technology
that the Israeli military uses as a weapon against the Palestinian
people who they oppress in their occupation. Note that Israeli snipers
murdered an unarmed civilian Palestinian medic (in breach of the
Geneva Convention) then edited the video to deceive the public for PR
damage control.
Microsoft supports ICE in a variety of ways in the course of ICE's
implementation of Trump's xenophobic border policies. Microsoft
services an ICE contract worth $19.4 million dollars despite protest
from employees. In addition to MS Office products, Microsoft has
renewed a Github contract and also supplies cloud computing through
its Azure platform.
MS partnered with FedEx, an NRA-supporting ALEC member as well as JP
Morgan Chase, the most evil bank in the world.
MS conceals US military contracts to bias PR and dodge social
accountablity. They have a much bigger piece these contracts than the
rest of MACFANG, they lack Googles AI principles, and unlike Google
they ignore employee protest and petitions.
MS is among the top 15 recipients of Trump's corporate tax breaks, a
benefit of $128 billion. Microsoft sacked hundreds of employees
immediately after receiving the tax breaks in February 2018.
MS is anti-consumer and anti-competitive
MS tricked users into "upgrading" to Windows 10, which sabotages users
in a variety of ways, one of which is to prevent cloud-free accounts.
MS strong-armed nearly all PC manufacturers charge every buyer for an
MS Windows license regardless of whether the user actually wants
MS hoards software patents and uses them to fight free software.
Bad alternative: gitlab.com service
The Gitlab.com SaaS is often considered an alternative to MS Github,
but it's even worse--
for many reasons
There's nothing wrong with self-hosting an instance running Gitlab CE
or using the Gitlab instance of another party.
Decent alternatives
self-hosting (Gogs, Gitea, Gitlab CE, etc.)
(+) avoids the "shake-up" problem of shrinking the community each time
the project moves (there is no risk that the privacy factors would
later take a negative turn).
(-) dodgy j/s up the yin yang that clusterfucks uMatrix
(-) has some relationship with Netlify, who uses AWS
(-) non-free software?
notabug.org ("NAB") (privacy policy). Based on a liberated fork of gogs.
(+) supports Tor (although the onion web UI is currently disabled in
response to attack, so the onion site only accepts git connections)
(+) supports SSH keys and SSH over Tor
(+) no CAPTCHAs
(+) registration very non-intrusive, and not controlling about where
you get your email
(-) noteworthy drawback unrelated to privacy: e-voting non-existent.
(-) noteworthy drawback unrelated to privacy: NAB doesn't associate
PGP keys to users, so PGP signed commits may be unavailable or more
manual work needed.
(-) IRC support channel is dead.
Codeberg. Runs on Gitea, which is a Gogs fork.
(+) web UI works on Tor (probably SSH as well)
(+) supports SSH and GPG keys
(+) registration very non-intrusive, and not controlling about where
you get your email
(+) functions without any j/s, and the javascript that exists is all 1st-pa=
(+) supports e-voting
(-) logins don't work from all Ungoogled Chromium installations
(-) no onion address
framagit.org: Gitlab CE instance
git.jami.net: Gitlab CE instance, perhaps dedicated to jami

@_date: 2020-10-15 02:55:24
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
Hi punk let's take over the cypherpunks list, whaddaya say?  After the last
hackers stop posting we can start hunting down what happened to them. (I'm
just expressing my own fears here)
On Wed, Oct 14, 2020, 10:45 PM Punk-BatSoup-Stasi 2.0 about US 'democracy'. And I'm still waiting
I guess what I said threw you for a loop.  You see the USA being full of
divisiveness, and throw disgust at me, perceiving bullshit?
for you to give examples of
I gave you haudenasaunee meeting of the longhouse.  We preserved all-agree
with the modern "consensus process", when dialogue broke.  We try to take
over the world with it every decade and get squashed by goonies.
How's that land.

@_date: 2020-10-15 02:37:38
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
On Wed, Oct 14, 2020, 10:31 PM Punk-BatSoup-Stasi 2.0 What you say changes so much it's just frustrating and I could consider
throwing words in that could trigger government internet systems
differently.  You'd probably enjoy that but it feels mean.  It seems to me
all the political parties have facilitated crimes by facilitating
government, taking bribes, all sorts of things.
I'm looking at what you wrote, and I think it says that you are
_indescribably_ angry, about this list?  Is this correct?

@_date: 2020-10-15 02:07:06
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
I'm thinking about what you bring up here, and considering how violence is

@_date: 2020-10-15 02:01:49
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
I haven't seen it; it sounds like it's really shocking and infuriating to
see?  Same was of course true of the many people killed by the police this
Zenaan, when you talk it often sounds like someone paid for it.  You don't
contribute anything technical to this list these days.  I would like to let
someone else speak.
But you're good if you can share some emotion about it with me.

@_date: 2020-10-15 01:56:52
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
Punk when you talk I feel upset and my ears turn off.  Do you know how to
translate for people who have that issue?

@_date: 2020-10-15 01:42:34
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
I've heard of the white thing for some years but never been exposed to it
How do you feel when a business is burned?  As an anarchist, I feel kinda
happy at first.  Then I feel really sad when I think of the owner
discovering it, and how they might feel.
I don't see the word "co-opted" as appropriate, until maybe this year.
I'd really like to learn your values.  Mine would simplify from the
buzzwords I stated, to reducing harm that I am aware of.

@_date: 2020-10-15 01:25:48
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
The USA voting system came from the haudenasaunee alliance in the
northeastern area.  Before entering, people calmed themselves, so as to
have no harm in their words.  Their meetings for decisions started with
shared value for everything anybody held as important, and then went in a
circle such that everyone could speak.

@_date: 2020-10-15 01:06:37
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
You sound so incredibly upset.  I feel really sad, imagining that you to
have no interest in listening to anything I have to say.  I care about you,
and it hurts.

@_date: 2020-10-15 00:57:31
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
Actually, punk, discussion has been getting more and more polarized over
the many years, and I am not being sarcastic, but am handling issues that I
should probably handle off-list pretty soon.
Are you able to communicate anything other than criticism?

@_date: 2020-10-15 00:24:15
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
mm can say something similar about anything that happens during any
Can you say why you like Trump?
I want to try not-trump because of feminism, environmentalism, community
power (he's a rich businessman), social justice, etc.  I have reasons for
all those things too.
The left had to struggle a lot to defend our immigrant friends during these
years, and we mostly lost that battle, seeing people we cared about in
tears as they lost their families.
I imagine we cause something similar to you guys, something we're unaware
Do you even get this email when I send it?

@_date: 2020-10-15 00:09:00
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Trump=E2=80=99s_Deficits_Are_Racing_Past_Obomba=E2=80=99s?= 
Long ago, we had democracy.  We discussed what was good, and all the votes
were pretty much landslides because we had all come to agreement, before we
Now we are kept isolated from each other, and we vote for whoever threw the
better insults.
This is not an election.

@_date: 2020-10-15 12:32:03
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Barf, Mind Controlled Politics 
I'll vote for Trump if you help me build tools for electromagnetic security=
 in Denver to
f the park
ly that I
m to a fight. The
eceive the
 stop me,=E2=80=9D
off with a
=80=9D didn=E2=80=99t
ked to their
, one
4, 2020
s chest
 gets
=80=9D at
gine if
ut because
art of the =E2=80=9CMob
=80=99ll hear nothing but

@_date: 2020-10-15 02:10:13
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Barf, Mind Controlled Politics 
Well I support security and trust.  Is utopia on-topic?  I have superpowers
and don't want to destroy the list too much.
Technological tools for trust?
On Wed, Oct 14, 2020, 10:07 PM \0xDynamite

@_date: 2020-10-15 01:49:23
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Barf, Mind Controlled Politics 
mm yeah.
So, it turns out that due to a confusing mathematical relation, it's quite
reasonable to add universal chaff to tor.

@_date: 2020-10-15 01:15:34
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Barf, Mind Controlled Politics 
Let the figureheads elect themselves.
I can't handle this.  I'm in a state of mind where I don't know how to stop
engaging the list, and my whole family is democratic.  I hear stories of
people suffering from Trump, most of my family has looked into citizenship
in other countries out of fear of him.
I don't want to fight you, and I don't want to be responsible for more
suffering if I don't.

@_date: 2020-10-15 03:26:18
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Unsubscribing 
You guys are cool!  If you ever get overtly mind controlled, email me.
Don't let people talk you out of doing obvious stuff.  Just do it and tell
them they talk too much.

@_date: 2020-10-16 01:31:46
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Part 2: Cryptography vs. Big Brother: How Math Became a Weapon Against Tyranny - YouTube 
this movement from role to intention is happening in every aspect of
society as those with the ability to influence and spy alter peoples'
what's probably important here is that some technologies, when stolen
by the government, give the government more power than the people, and
some do not.
additionally, some things stimulate the government to get defensive
and out-research them, and some do not.

@_date: 2020-10-16 00:40:01
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Part 2: Cryptography vs. Big Brother: How Math Became a Weapon Against Tyranny - YouTube 
The video makes it pretty clear that cypherpunks were holding the role
of addressing that dilemma, right inside technology.

@_date: 2020-10-16 01:33:38
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: shills 
each association has contexts and reasons, which themselves have
contexts and reasons.

@_date: 2020-10-16 00:32:02
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: shills 
This is incredibly hard to fight on the other side.  People associate
the phrase "white supremacist" with their personal pain, and learn to
dislike it when young.
This helps keep us safe by disinspiring trust of people who might
severely harm us.  I break the norm by struggling to reject critical
labels, and have suffered significantly for it by trusting those who
simply didn't value my wellbeing, long ago.
I looked up this phrase.  James' interpretation appears to be the
libertarian one: that business owners can freely exclude employees.
Zenaan is ignoring this unpopular portion of the interpretation.  The
civil war and civil rights movements in the USA are responsible for
this polarization over here.  I don't know if anybody knows why the
north attacked the south when they seceded.
I agree with the anarchist meaning of "freedom of association", which
is totally different and likely hated by libertarians.
Thanks, Zenaan.  I wonder who in this conversation needs any
imagination for that.

@_date: 2020-10-15 23:10:41
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: message reliability 
Guys, thank you so much for your connection on this list, handling
with politeness my psychotic expressions.
email lists should be mirrors of anything else that can't be filtered so easily
- git with public commit access (git-annex.branchable.com does forums
this way using ikiwiki)
- scuttlebutt (has many tools)
- memo.cash or any other blockchain messaging system, can use a
community fund for free access (has simple api if whole blockchain is
downloaded, uncensored)
- bitmessage (has existing email proxy, not sure if it's still online though)
- secushare (dev needed)
It seems the biggest thing missing is a proxy between any of these and
e-mail.  There must be some existing similar open source program that
the api of one of the above could be patched onto.

@_date: 2020-10-16 00:03:03
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Twitter Hauled In for Pro-Biden Anti-Trump, YouTube Bans Coronavirus, QAnon, PizzaGa 
a _ton_ of people have social network censorship.  please share if
cases like these are ever resolved in favor of the complaint, so that
others can use the precedent.

@_date: 2020-10-17 21:58:09
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: binary to 5-letter words encoder/decoder 
thanks for your words and work
On Sat, Oct 17, 2020 at 4:42 PM Stefan Claas
If you are using zbar, and the data contains 8-bit characters, zbar
0.10 does not decode this correctly.  you need to compile zbar from
the mercurial sources:
 `hg clone
 zbar-code` to get the content out
right.  but maybe you are using some other processor than zbar.

@_date: 2020-10-27 14:55:33
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Hatters 
also to clarify here, juan wasn't making comedy.  he was expressing
that the usa election system is a joke, and that election systems are
a joke in general.  there are many, many alternatives, that don't take
away as many freedoms.

@_date: 2020-10-27 14:27:34
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Hatters 
ha!  welcome to fake-dictatorship!
Here we get drunk and laugh about using the weapons of the dictator to
take over the world.  Look I can make him burp!
I totally trained him to do that in our spy camps.

@_date: 2020-10-27 14:25:59
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Hatters 
I agree with you here strongly around nondichotomy.  _everything has context_.
I feel a little mean to your politics, to hear you expressing what I
believe.  What's relevent is that our contextual needs are not being
honored, and mine are different from yours.
When considering what policy is good, I would consider whom it most
impacts.  What would you consider?
What freedoms do you consider good?
I would consider it good for people to not only have complete freedom,
but importantly also hold the responsibility of defending the freedoms
of others.  Please verify you received my reply regarding why an
assertion of harassment isn't baseless, below.  Some may consider that
responsibility to involve limiting some freedoms.
mmm good thought
It seems these years it goes both ways: branding of both sides as more
extremely different than ever before.  Do you disagree?
Naive leftist dialogue: Are you aware of the form of "left" and
"right" politics, where "right" is the beliefs of the old leaders, and
"left" is the beliefs of the new?
 If you view left as the young and right as the old, it aligns with a
constant slow trend towards the left, which doesn't stop because it's
not a straight line: what is new keeps changing.
To speak from the far-left, liberals were never leftists.
Please verify you recieved my reply to your next expression.
This simply isn't baseless.  We have scads of personal experience and
records of people specifically saying they were doing this.  We have
video of many people being killed this year.
CAN YOU VERIFY YOU RECIEVED THE ABOVE LINE PLEASE?
You and I have both expressed blame for other groups.  Can you
acknowledge with me that people have harmed others, and we must act to
make it right?  Can we still make decisions, knowing these things are
Please verify my request above.  But I am totally fine with handwaving
spaces, because I am trying to share understanding, not form logical
proofs that life and conflict exist, which is obvious.
Two or more groups are fighting for their values.  They have been
fighting hard because talking was not working.
Eh, that idea was what I liked about 'im.
Trump doesn't seem to say anything that is _consistent_, the things I
am able to see him saying.  I don't know how to understand him.  What
do people like about what he says?
I am looking for what is real, not what some purchased marketing
algorithm inside google or some other corporate server shows me.

@_date: 2020-10-19 02:16:55
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Hatters 
when you guys have the civil war and take over the country,
please give us a place to live our own ways, rather than just killing us all

@_date: 2020-10-19 02:07:09
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Hatters 
Can we discuss whether trump is good or bad?
Over here among the liberal-likes, there has been a lot of suffering.
Like, massive harassment of people just for expressing their views.
Domination of communication channels.  Overt expressions of harm
against large groups.  People losing their lives, across the country,
from new changes being made.  Trump does not seem anti-government at
all, over here.
I haven't heard anything good _about_ trump; just a lot of assumption
that he's good.  _WHY_ is he good?  _WHY_ do people like him and vote
for him???

@_date: 2020-10-19 01:50:58
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Hatters 
likely it is not front page news because it sounds like a serious
unresolved security vulnerability.
the more it spreads the more the situation worsens as people make use of it.
please complain clearly and assertively to as many relevant officials
as possible

@_date: 2020-10-25 20:56:01
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: selfish yt-dl dmca drama 
Yeah, when I try to actually download the 1.5 meg tarball, I get an
error about an expired SSL certificate, and after download via that
expired certificate it has an sha256sum that doesn't match the one on
the website, if it matters.  Lots of python files, though.
Icing on the cake, the signature doesn't verify!  That's always exciting.
$ sha256sum youtube-dl-2020.09.20.tar.gz*
$ gpg --verify youtube-dl-2020.09.20.tar.gz.sig
gpg: Signature made Sun 20 Sep 2020 01:32:08 AM EDT using RSA key ID 18A9236D
gpg: BAD signature from "Sergey M. "
$ wc -c youtube-dl-2020.09.20.tar.gz*
1481717 youtube-dl-2020.09.20.tar.gz
    566 youtube-dl-2020.09.20.tar.gz.sig
1482283 total
My email to you doesn't even have a signature, so it has likely changed too.

@_date: 2020-10-25 19:52:25
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: selfish yt-dl dmca drama 
Thanks for the references to youtube-dlc.  Now I can keep pretending
to be invincible with youtube.
It's scary that they haven't linked to a mirror source repository on
that page, but maybe they are protecting it.  It's also scary they
distribute binaries when the app is written in python, but windows
users don't have python.
To do the crucial work of repeatedly stating the obvious in public, if
the source code isn't available it's much harder to protect people
against or find workarounds for incompatible, corrupt, or maliciously
altered downloads.  If the source history isn't available, it's much
harder to sort out bugs or malicious alterations in the source code
itself.  As punk half-asserts, signed tarballs (which have source code
but not history) are still available at
 which is a blessing, although it seems
there are even better solutions kicking around.

@_date: 2020-10-25 02:33:48
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: selfish yt-dl dmca drama 
Maybe I'm just not cut out for politics.  My automated-friendly-hug
bots always get labeled 'spam' or 'terrorist propaganda' before I make
them.  They're so important!
A few weeks ago, my friend, who often has fbi agents follow him
(that's where people get the federal business card bouquets, they ask
the surveillance workers who are always nearby), shared a movie from
youtube, to an anonymous e-mail list of people who may be in similar
situations.  Unfortunately, right after his share, the movie was
censored on youtube to everyone in our country.
Naturally (actually this is pretty rare for me nowadays), I downloaded
the movie from another country using tor and youtube-dl (which
required a small bit of hacking due to some bug), uploaded it to
somewhere else, and shared it back so he could redistribute a working
link, and because it's fun to try to productively and inspirationally
push the edges of this unfortunately-deadly-for-other-people struggle,
as I can't do much else with my life at this point.
Yesterday, this same friend sent out another movie, also on youtube.
This time, the youtube video was censored worldwide!  (
 )  Not only that, as you
may have heard, youtube-dl's source repository was issued a dmca
takedown notice the very same day and is no longer easily accessible.
The video is also missing on amazon (
) and other services; I haven't looked to see if these other
unavailabilities are new or old.  I eventually found the producer of
the video on facebook, who raised it from a kickstarter, and messaged
I eventually downloaded this movie from a very old torrent, which only
went to 99.9% completion because I didn't hunt down the last few
pieces.  Torrents are so much more reliable than youtube.  I haven't
even watched it yet myself.  Here it is on ipfs:

@_date: 2020-10-27 22:29:14
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: People Hacking Votes Right Now Fwd: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Ha 
I didn't mean to provide you with evidence that it was real.

@_date: 2020-10-27 22:01:11
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: People Hacking Votes Right Now Fwd: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Ha 
We should focus on things like what happened to Cecilia and everyone's pgp
I would love to debate rape and sexual harassment with you.
Maybe with more listening to views different from ours (and a victim's
views present?).
We, meaning we white straight Christian males, would love to suppress
eighteenth century, or
better, the very similar Old Testament, law and custom on sex and
No need for guilt; looking only for safety and predictability in
What brings you to share these expressions, here, on this list?  There's a
good chance many could see things very differently from you.
(if you spend some time listening caringly to women, you learn it usually
is, and is very widespread, and often accompanied by medically validated
injuries and lifelong psychological traits retelling the experience in
behavior.  But "for the list" , "of course" , "there is no rape".)
If it was real, they got away with it.  If punished, unreal, or at least

@_date: 2020-10-27 20:46:32
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: People Hacking Votes Right Now Fwd: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Ha 
That's obvious and has been true for decades. Thanks for reminding us; it
is easy to forget.
The rest of things you say appear overstated (partly false) to me.  I
overstate things too.
I remember when a girl was raped in the bathroom on the floor above me in
Men from out of state stood outside it, guarding it, while it happened.
That one was real, at least.
We should figure out if Cecilia is okay.

@_date: 2020-10-27 22:03:51
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: Re: People Hacking Votes Right Now Fwd: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Hatters 
For the job, it's obvious that Trump will win and the votes will be
miscounted in someone else's favor, no?
