
@_date: 2003-08-28 09:46:42
@_author: Goncalo Costa 
@_subject: Re: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Well, good morning to you too !
Governments have a lot of powers they should not have but German government
had nothing to do with this.
I hope you can tell the difference between a government eavesdropping on
someone and a judge/court order to eavesdrop on a suspect to gather evidence
against him.
1> Germany has now removed this legal action, which is great
I think you should stop for a minute and try to learn the difference between
Germany (country), the German state, the German government and the German
judicial system.
"Germany" did nothing.
If you want to talk about the German government you could talk about
It seems you did not follow some posts on this list. I believe someone from
Germany explained the why and how of this JAP backdoor, and mentioned that.
3> The developers may not
So you mean these guys offering a free public anonymizing service are to
blame for complying with a court order ? I'm sure you would rather go to
jail. Where's the free public anonymizing service you're providing to the
Internet ? I'd like to use it. I'm sure I can trust you to keep my id safe.
4> I, personally, admit I would not care if they did this
(I believe the same person also wrote) it was a pedophilia case.
Lotus Notes NSA backdoor ?
We're not talking about a court order here.
And Notes was not free software - its customers paid for it.
Nor it was open source software as is the case with JAP.
Besides money that is ? :-)
Your emails seemed more focused on the German government than anything else.
German government had nothing to do with this. This was a judge/court order.
My motives were plain and simple:
- you seem to believe that your government and its agencies always play by
  the book - I was trying to show you that they don't
- you should not bash (especially the way you did) the German government when
  your own government has a much worse track record on eavesdropping on
  everyone else around the world
- you should not blindly trust your government nor its agencies as you seem
  to. They have abused their powers in the past. They are abusing their
  powers in the present. They will abuse their powers in the future.
Governments are made of people like you and me (worse in fact ;-).
Complaining of these decisions (which are mandated by a judge or court) is
really useless and a paradox. In my opinion either:
case 1. you don't trust the state/authorities/whatever and you cannot trust
        anything and you cannot expect anonymous services to work as
        advertised (this is the case in dictatorships/authoritarian regimes)
case 2. you are a hardcore privacy advocate and accept no eavesdropping on
        anyone no matter what - not even eavesdropping on the suspect of
        kidnapping your child
case 3. you (almost) trust the state/authorities/whatever and recognize/accept
        the need to do certain things, as eavesdropping, that need to be done
        in "some situations but not all" to "some people but not all"
As you said:
So you are clearly in case 3. (probably the same goes for everyone else who complained about this)
But if you trust the system then you must also trust that this is done only
when "it has to be done", and there's no use in complaining there, is there ?
In this case you were clearly not trusting the German state and were bashing
it as if it was a "case 1" (dictatorship or authoritarian regime).
Will there be _abuses_ by the authorities and the people behind them ?
Sure, but we'll complain about _that_ with reason on our side then.
As I said before, from your posts to this list regarding this thread you seem
to have a blind faith in your government and its agencies. I would call that
being naive. Thanks for the tip: I've modified my mail headers not to leak my age again !
And please explain that "dead body" part again.
Well. As I explained before, if you accept this for some reasons then you
must trust "them" to know when to do it.
I don't remember having written this in my post. Did I ?
Again: I don't remember having written anything about this in my post.
Errors ? What errors ? Errors are something you do by mistake.
These agencies make no errors (unless when they're caught).
They deliberately abuse their powers when they have to.
To this thread and list: yes.
To know history and to learn from it: no.
I always suspected that ! :-)
You almost got it right: "Portuguese". Don't hesitate to ask me if you
need help with your English ! :-)
(I do hope you have a sense of humour)
Well ! That's easy isn't it ?
There's not much to know about Portuguese intelligence agencies is there ? And I'd like to hear your comments on my post to FD included below
Best Regards to you too
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-27 17:17:21
@_author: Goncalo Costa 
@_subject: Re: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
I've been reading all your emails without even replying, and I really have
to ask: do you really trust your government and its agencies blindly as you
seem to ? AFAIK those are only people like everyone else.
I remember your comments on the "German government" and :
- ever heard about Echelon ?
- ever heard about Lotus Notes NSA backdoor key ?
- ever heard about eavesdropping bases around the world in other countries ?
- ever heard about FBI actions against Martin Luther King ?
- ever heard about ... ?
The list could go on indefinitely.
The world is made of people and people are the same everywhere.
Time and place don't seem to make a great difference.
Being naive and keeping your eyes shut doesn't help either.
I would also suggest a daily reading at Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:
