
@_date: 2013-10-04 16:03:33
@_author: Gordon Morehouse 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
Hash: SHA512
Juan Garofalo:
"As the NSA scoops up phone records and other forms of electronic
evidence while investigating national security and terrorism leads,
they turn over "tips" to a division of the Drug Enforcement Agency
("DEA") known as the Special Operations Division ("SOD"). FISA
surveillance was originally supposed to be used only in certain
specific, authorized national security investigations, but information
sharing rules implemented after 9/11 allows the NSA to hand over
information to traditional domestic law-enforcement agencies, without
any connection to terrorism or national security investigations.
But instead of being truthful with criminal defendants, judges, and
even prosecutors about where the information came from, DEA agents are
reportedly obscuring the source of these tips. For example, a law
enforcement agent could receive a tip from SOD?which SOD, in turn, got
from the NSA?to look for a specific car certain place. But
instead of relying solely on that tip, the agent would be instructed
to find his or her own reason to stop and search the car. Agents are
directed to keep SOD under wraps and not mention it in "investigative
reports, affidavits, discussions with prosecutors and courtroom
testimony," according to Reuters." [1]
"U.S. directs agents to cover up program used to investigate Americans
(Reuters) - A secretive U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration unit is
funneling information from intelligence intercepts, wiretaps,
informants and a massive database of telephone records to authorities
across the nation to help them launch criminal investigations of
Americans. [...]
But two senior DEA officials defended the program, and said trying to
"recreate" an investigative trail is not only legal but a technique
that is used almost daily.
A former federal agent in the northeastern United States who received
such tips from SOD described the process. "You'd be told only, ?Be at
a certain truck stop at a certain time and look for a certain
vehicle.' And so we'd alert the state police to find an excuse to stop
that vehicle, and then have a drug dog search it," the agent said.
"PARALLEL CONSTRUCTION"
After an arrest was made, agents then pretended that their
investigation began with the traffic stop, not with the SOD tip, the
former agent said. The training document reviewed by Reuters refers to
this process as "parallel construction."" [2]
- -Gordon M.

@_date: 2013-10-04 15:57:04
@_author: Gordon Morehouse 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
Hash: SHA512
Roger Dingledine:
"The clues didn't stop there. In early March 2012 someone created an
account on StackOverflow with the username Ross Ulbricht and the
rossulbricht address, the criminal complaint alleged. On
March 16 at 8:39 in the morning, the account was used to post a
message titled "How can I connect to a Tor hidden service using curl
in php?" Less than one minute later, the account was updated to change
the user name from Ross Ulbricht to "frosty." Several weeks later, the
account was again updated, this time to replace the Ulbricht gmail
address with frosty In July 2013, a forensic analysis of
the hard drives used to run one of the Silk Road servers revealed a
PHP script based on curl that contained code that was identical to
that included in the Stack Overflow discussion, the complaint alleged."
I *think* people are mistaking VPN for VPS here - I can't find the
source, but there was some well distributed speculation that the FBI
was easily able to obtain a server image without disrupting the site
itself by having a VPS provider (in "a country with Mutual Treaty
Assistance" or some phrase like that) image it hot.
- -Gordon M.

@_date: 2013-10-04 15:52:16
@_author: Gordon Morehouse 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
Hash: SHA512
Rejo Zenger:
It has been reported in several places online.  Here's one[1]:
"In July 2013, a forensic analysis of the hard drives used to run one
of the Silk Road servers revealed a PHP script based on curl that
contained code that was identical to that included in the Stack
Overflow discussion, the complaint alleged."
(It appears they were able to find the server and have it imaged well
ahead of the arrest, and this is described in the court documents.)
- -Gordon M.

@_date: 2013-10-03 15:15:58
@_author: Gordon Morehouse 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
Hash: SHA512
Jonathan D. Proulx:
A trillion times, this.
I knew Silk Road would very likely get busted by good old fashioned
police work.  It was too big to not leave trails that smart, patient,
Bill-of-Rights-respecting (though that remains to be seen) cops can
pick up.
- -Gordon M.

@_date: 2013-10-03 15:12:25
@_author: Gordon Morehouse 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
Hash: SHA512
Roger Dingledine:
Here's my one teensy thing that bothers me, this bit of speculation
from Ars Technica:
"The Tor Project, whose software enabled the Silk Road, noticed a
significant spike in usage in late August and was unable to explain
it. It remains possible that the FBI or another federal agency may
have suddenly flooded Tor with its own bots or other computers under
its control as a way of conducting surveillance on the Silk Road."[1]
Can we fairly definitively say these two things are entirely
unrelated?  Do we *know* (for pretty sure) the usage spike is a greedy
botnet and not some kind of attack?
- -Gordon M.
