
@_date: 2002-04-19 19:22:24
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Money Judgements Child Support Detective               ASTE 
Judgment Courses offers an extensive training course in:
"How to Process Judicial Judgments"
If you are like many people, you are not even sure what a Judicial Judgment
is and why processing Judicial Judgments can earn you very
substantial income.
When one person or business files suit against another person or
business and wins, then the winner has a Judicial Judgment. You are
happy you won, but you will soon find out the shocking fact: "Its now
up to you to Collect on the Judgment". The court does not require the
loser to pay you. The court will not even help you. In fact, employees
of the court are forbidden by law from telling you how to collect the
judgment. Basically, the winner has a piece of paper. You must trace
the loser down, find their assets; their employment, bank accounts,
real estate, stocks and bonds, etc.
Very few people know how to find these assets or what to do when
they are found. The result is that millions of Judgments are just sitting
in files and being forgotten. We have been processing judgments
for years. We can train you how this is done. The financial rewards to
you can be substantial.
Right now in the United States there is between 200 and 300 billion
dollars of uncollected Judicial Judgments. For every Judgment that is
paid, 5 or more Judgments take its place that day.
The income potential is substantial in this profession. Using the
techniques taught in our course, we have associates working full-time
making $96,000.00 to over $200,000.00 per year, Part-time associates
are earning between $24,000.00 and $100,000.00 per year. Most
choose to work out of their homes, others build sizable organizations.
So, if you've ever dreamed of the financial freedom that owning your
own business can provide. Dreamed of an early retirement, this may be
the opportunity for you. None of your days will be dull. You will be
mentally challenged. This business protects you from corporate
downsizing. This business is your ticket to freedom from others telling
you what to do. This business lets you control your destiny! Our
training has made this happen for many others already,
Make it happen for you!
If the above sounds interesting to you then its time for you to talk to a
real live human being, no cost or obligation on your part.
Please call us at: 1-303-223-6022
or visit us at: (Customer support staff are available to help you
from 7:00AM to 9:00PM, 7 days a week Mountain time.
No obligation or pressure. They will answer your questions
and let you make your own informed decision)
Thank you for your time and interest.
This ad is produced and communicated by:
UAS, To stop receiving our ads email us at
vincent122 or write us at:
UAS , P O B 1 2 0 0, O r a n g e s t a d, A r u b a
