
@_date: 2002-05-08 05:49:43
@_author: "Portfolio Updates" 
@_subject: Portfolio Updates ... Prepaid Phone Cards In High Demand , cypherpunks@einstein.ssz.com 
Delivered by Money.net Company             Overview
                  SERVICES
Free       Investor Relations Package Click-Here             Phone Cards In High Demand
Predicted to grow from US$22 billion to US$68 billion in 5
            years
Starpoint a subsidiary of UTG and is responsible for all Telecom
            mobile and fixed line phone card products.  Because of the companies success in the
            UK, UTG plans expansion of Star-Point Services AG into Switzerland,
            Belgium, Austria, Germany, France, Italy and Spain, all within the
            next two years.  UTG business model will:
Introduce StarPoint terminal supported prepayment products
                throughout Europe.
Strengthen its European presence throughout all business
                lines 
Develop a solid financial base to insure sufficient resources
                to support rapid geographical expansion.
Retain skilled professionals who will participate directly in
                the future development of the Company.
Until now, prepayment required a special distribution
            system.  Starpoint distributes an initially zero-value card to
            its various outlets, through the use of an onsite point-of-sale
            (POS) terminal.  The card is activated at the time of customer
            purchase.
Starpoint generates its greatest revenues with the margin per
            card, although StarPoint also receives a monthly rental fee from
            each retail site and a one-time installation fee for each terminal
            installed.
Marketing UTG will be able to choose between two market penetration options
            - a "push strategy," or a "pull strategy". 
            In the "push strategy" the preference is to pursue and
            convince relevant network operations/service providers to
            "push" 
Small Shops and convenience stores
Gas station with retail shops
Department Stores
Tobacco outlets
Post Offices
Railway ticket counters
Strategy UTG intends to pursue a strategy that will enable them to:
Increase StarPoint's share within the Company's product
                portfolio by moving from today's one-third share to the majority
                share of UTG's current activities;
Realize synergies among the different product lines and
                countries in efficient and market convincing ways.
Distribute own card products via StarPoint, thereby enhancing
                profit margins
Increase Starfon's market share within the prepayment market
                by increasing the number of POS that currently exist; and
Enabling StarPoint to realize visions in fostering prepayment
                in other area than telecommunications, e.g.., music, ticketing,
                Internet, e-commerce, m-commerce, cybercash, etc.
            Financial              cards have been a phenomenon of telecommunications for a long
            time.  Prepaid services were initially aimed at the credit
            challenged sector of society, but today prepaid services are used by
            almost everyone at every economic level.   Additionally,
            the number of people who wish to remain anonymous in terms of
            payments made for certain services or goods is believed likely to
            increase considerably in Europe in relation to other forms of
            payment for services and goods, especially for telecommunications
            services or the Internet.    Learn
            more
Recent             News
UTG             Communications International, Inc. Reports Profit for Fiscal Nine             MonthsUTG Communications             International Financials UTG Communications             International Inc Quarterly Report (SEC form 10QSB)New Insider Trade Data for             UTGC.OBUTG Communications             International Inc
Contact             Information U.             ErnstCEOUTG Communication International             Inc.Steinhaldenring 8CH-8954 Geroldswil/ZürichTel.: +41             1 74931 03Fax: +41 1 74931 09 E-Mail: management
      Facts        of incorporation:  Delaware
      Shares:  5,700,000
      Float:  Approx. 1,400,000
      Ownership:  57.7%
      Site:        Research:
      Party Report Listing
Free       Investor Relations Package Click-Here   Disclaimer: Money.net       was paid a total of five thousand dollars by Dowel Management Corp. for site       development, technical administration and distribution of this email       program. Money.net does not own stock in  Dowel Management Corp. and is not affilliated with 
      Dowel Management Corp... The words and claims contained in this report are those of 
      Dowel Management Corp., and not Money.net. This notice shall not constitue an       offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be       any sale of these securities in any state in which such offer,       solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or       qualification under the securities law of any such state. Please check       with your broker or with the company to determine whether these securities       may be purchased or sold in your state of residence prior to effecting a       transaction.To unsubscribe, click here.
This email was obtained from a list believed to be 100% optin , Its been leased in compliance with all Direct Marketing Industry guidelines, we are firm believers in No Spam.
