
@_date: 2004-05-21 06:19:16
@_author: gr8success444@yahoo.com.br 
@_subject: check this out - cypherpunks@minder.net 
Hi there, cypherpunks :)
You will have YOUR OWN Personal Report! There you will see two things:
1. The number of members in your downline, and
2. The list of members in your PERSONAL group
Here is how to read your Personal Postlaunch Report -
You will see a vertical line, and YOUR name
along with other names. Those people are all F-R-E-E Members, just like you will be. Anyone in that line can upgrade to VIP status at any time
 - and whoever upgrades First moves immediately to the TOP of the line. If that first one is YOU, then everyone else in the line is now under
you. When anyone else upgrades to VIP, they
are in your personal group - and you have a
check coming!
On the other hand - if someone ELSE in that
line upgrades first, then THEY go to the top
of the line and you will be in THEIR downline. So the earlier you upgrade the better!
You will Bookmark this site, and GO THERE EVERY DAY TO WATCH YOUR DOWNLINE GROW!
The Club offers financial F-R-E-Edom. Executive directors make $2000 to $6,000 a
month... and Ambassadors make even more !!
You may be wondering, "Can I become financially
successful with the Club, like they have?"
IF YOU CAN SEND E-MAIL, YOU CAN!
The Club will give you a F-R-E-E step-by-step
program to follow.
You can do everything online. If
you can send e-mail, you can do this.
Talk to you soon, my friend -
Cl-ick here to know more: Talk to you later  :)
Best Regards, Loren Reed
For easy Re-mo-val just cl-ick here: mailto:gr8success4you44 Your wishes will be honored.
Wishing You Much Success, My Friend :)
Crowd them out Fighting against negative thoughts will not rid you of them. In fact, the energy you set against those negative thoughts will only make them more intense.
When you try to dismiss a negative thought directly, that only causes you to think more about it. Instead, turn your attention to something else. Rather than rejecting the negative thought, replace it. Override it with a positive, creative, constructive thought.
Crowd out the negative thoughts by keeping your mind busy with other, more uplifting endeavors. That works much better than trying to push the negative thoughts away.
Your mind is always filled with one thought or another. Keep a supply of positive thoughts on hand, ready and waiting for you to focus upon.
Keep yourself busy with positive, productive endeavors. And the negative thoughts won't find their way into your attitude.
