
@_date: 2013-09-07 19:13:58
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
The PKI industry has been a sham since day one, and several root certs
have been compromised by the proverbial "bad guys" over the years (for
example, the "Flame" malware incident used to sign emergency Windows
Update packages which mysteriously only affected users in Iran and the
Middle East, or the Diginotar debacle, or the Tunisian "Ammar" MITM
attacks etc).  This of course is assuming that the FBI doesn't already
have access to all of the root CAs so that on domestic soil they can
sign updates and perform silent MITM interception of SSL and
IPSEC-encrypted traffic using transparent inline layer-2 bridging
devices that are at every major Internet peering point and interconnect,
because that would be crazy talk.
However, some form of authenticity and integrity is better than zero,
which is what the majority of the current DNS system offers, and it is
point and click trivial to perform MITM attacks with unauthenticated
DNS, especially on local area network segments which are rarely
protected with more than the Windows firewall.
Even without a centralized PKI, stateless port 53 UDP DNS could benefit
from some type of cryptographic security, but as with any standard
seemingly related to privacy or confidentiality we are left with this
DNSSEC quagmire of meetings and proposed meetings to talk about the next
meeting to discuss how the committee will propose the next request for
comment, ad nauseum.
Bitcoin for example doesn't need hundreds of private companies with
elaborate PKI documentation authentication services which are in reality
just mental placebos for Joe Consumer when he updates his monthly
Brazzers subscription, and it's doing just fine as the runner up for the
next global world monetary standard.
So with that said, I would still place my wager on the FBI being the
source of these various privacy enhancing service delays and not some
secret cabal of PKI execs that are engaging in standards committee
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-07 07:15:15
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Insecure DNS deployments are probably in the top five attack vectors
for remotely compromising internal network topologies, even those
sporting split DNS configurations.  As you were "...deeply involved in the
IETF's DNSEXT working group" then I presume you know this.
For example, DNS cache poisoning attacks, local ARP cache spoofing
attacks to redirect DNS queries and responses, redirection of operating
system update and patching services that map to fully qualified domain
names such as "windowsupdate.microsoft.com", etc.
Correct me if I am wrong, but in my humble opinion the original intent
of the DNSSEC framework was to provide for cryptographic authenticity
of the Domain Name Service, not for confidentiality (although that
would have been a bonus).
There are many different camps within the DoD.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-08 00:00:09
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Bruce Schneier has gotten seriously spooked 
As a perennial optimist I would hope that global surveillance efforts
were focused solely on core communication peering and network access
points.  Unfortunately, the realist (and technologist) in me says otherwise.
It is not possible to view or intercept local area network
communications from a core network router.  For example, if I wanted to
catch some U.S. senator fornicating with his neighbor's wife for
purposes of blackmail fodder, then access to a core network router
wouldn't do me much good. However, if I had access to that senator's premise router by way of a
"lawful intercept" backdoor, then perhaps I could for example observe
that senator and his mistress' comings and goings by capturing a 720p
video feed from the Xbox camera in his living room.  Or by remotely
enabling the speaker phone microphone on a Cisco VoIP device.  Or maybe
I could enable the microphone and video camera on a LAN-connected laptop
to listen in on ambient conversations and to observe a live video feed
from the room where the laptop is sleeping.
Etc, etc.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-07 19:58:50
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Bruce Schneier has gotten seriously spooked 
I would submit that the exact inverse is the real target - endpoint devices.  There is simply too much volume of Internet traffic to realistically analyze and process, even with the next big datacenter in Utah and multi gigabit wire rate capable deep content inspection blades.  It's the endpoint devices that the FBI is after for targeted intrusions (for both domestic and foreign targets), and the NSA used to have a very legitimate charter with a culture dedicated to protecting U.S. communications at all costs.
For decades the FBI were literally the spies that couldn't shoot straight, as was evidenced by CALEA (lets put backdoors into every phone switch), and Comverse Infosys (then lets outsource all of our wiretap operations).  But even with all of those idiotic mistakes, the FBI got their amended FISA 2008 and the Patriot Acts passed which in effect repealed the Posse Comitatus Act and gave the FBI their political power play to gain control over all of the NSA's signals intelligence capabilities, for domestic spying and wiretapping here on U.S. soil without any judicial oversight whatsoever.
I would even wager that Herr Bob Mueller himself arranged this Snowden debacle with the Crown of England and his Chinese and Russian counterparts, to guarantee Snowden safe asylum once he absconded with the NSA crown jewels.  A simple reading of the international media chatter shows that the NSA (and the USA by proxy) are the bad guys now, with nary a mention of the FBI being involved at any level of this with their own domestic spying operation that is many orders of magnitude more powerful than anything the NSA and/or DoD had ever even dreamed of accomplishing with foreign signals intelligence gathering.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-07 19:29:45
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Bruce Schneier has gotten seriously spooked 
Take a trip down memory lane and research the historical roots of the Data Encryption Standard, especially the pre-DES Lucifer standard with IBM.  Some hints would be the last minute reduction to 56-bit, as well as the replacement S-Boxes that were mandated for use by IBM before Lucifer became the DES.
And then if you were in the Beltway region back in '98, you might also remember the entire federal government freaking out about EFF's Deep Crack, which almost overnight caused 56-bit DES to be deprecated in favor of 3DES.  But then there were the complaints about the computational expensiveness of 3DES, so our superheros at NIST jumped in with the Advanced Encryption Standard contest and here were are again.
In the '90s there were a few papers written about optimal DES S-Box calculation; they disappeared from publication.  There was also a fellow who released a software application used for alternate DES S-Box generation, that got yanked as well.  I am not suggesting black helicopters or extrajudicial renditions, just that once they were on the Internet and then a few weeks later they were not online anymore, anywhere.
An oldie but goodie in this category of discussion is SANS' "S-Box Modifications and Their Effect in DES-like Encryption Systems", Joe Gargiulo, July 25, 2002.
The cryptography mailing list
