
@_date: 2002-05-18 22:56:22
@_author: site -ad 
@_subject: ADV: I saw your ad 
Dear Fellow Marketer,
I happened across your (site -ad) on the web, and I thought you may be interested in this.
I received an email from a fellow named Tim M. telling me about a program with a new system of stacking free members in a group, and I would have a chance to upgrade ahead of the others. When one of those people upgraded, they would be in my residually paying downline!
I have had several negative experiences with network marketing in the past and had pretty much given up on them. I was intrigued by this new concept for getting people off to a quick start, and he said it was free to join with no obligation, so I signed up.
Just as he had said, it was totally free to sign up and so I started to check out the opportunity, “kick the tires” a little, you might say. I checked it out and I must tell you that I was impressed!
One of the hardest things about network marketing is getting that initial downline started so you can start to leverage their efforts. I found that this system of being able to “jump ahead” of a group of other free members by being the first to upgrade, was a great opportunity to get a fast start in my new home based business! I learned quickly that the help didn’t stop there! This system is designed so that when I showed that I really wanted to build a solid residual income, I was helped more than ever! As I said earlier, I have been in programs before and for the first time I found one that works. A chance to make REAL MONEY on the “net”!
Remember Tim? He has achieved a $1500 residual check in four months time, and by following his examples I will be following him in his success!
So check it out for yourself! It really is totally free…”kick the tires” a little for yourself, and see what we are all so excited about!
To sign up for your FREE ID number please closely follow the simple instructions below.
To grab a FREE ID simply reply to: greg22
and write this phrase: "Email me details about the club's business and consumer opportunities"
Be sure to include your:
  1. First name
 2. Last name
 3. Email address (if different from above)
That’s it! We will send you an ID# and a list of other free members in your group…people who could be in your downline when you upgrade your membership ahead of them…Do it today!
Prosperously Yours, Greg Plooy
You are receiving this message for one of the following reasons: 1) we are on the same opt-in list; 2) you posted to one of my FFA pages; 3) you have responded to one of my ads;
4) you have sent an e-mail to one my addresses 5) you visited one of my sites By doing so, you have agreed to receive this message
To be removed from future mailings just reply with REMOVE in the subject line. Thank you
for your kind consideration.
