
@_date: 2001-10-20 13:25:54
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Los Angeles Times: Don't Go Postal on Airport Security 
Los Angeles Times
Don't Go Postal on Airport Security
By JOHN R. LOTT Jr.
John R. Lott Jr. is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute
and the author of "More Guns, Less Crime" (University of Chicago Press,
October 19 2001
If you had an important task in which speed and flexibility were vital,
would it be better done by government or private employees?
The answer seems obvious. Government salaries are fixed, and firing them is
virtually impossible. Government bureaucracies are not known for quick
adjustments or innovations. Nowadays, even the U.S. Postal Service hires
Federal Express to help deliver mail. In the post-Sept. 11 debate, though,
it seems taken for granted that the federal government should take over
security at airports.
The discussion so far involves anecdotal stories of how people were able to
breach airport security. The assumption is that this would never occur if
only these workers were federal employees. Yet does anyone really wonder
whether reporters posing as illegal immigrants could cross the Mexican
border? Airport screening is extremely difficult. Terrorists can evade metal
detectors with knives made of plastic or ceramics. Thin metal blades can be
hard to detect with X-rays and can be hidden in the bottom of shoes or made
to look like parts of metal boxes. Even hand checks of all baggage do not
guarantee safety. But there is a better approach. Western European countries
started privatizing airport security in the early 1990s after spectacular
security failures with government-run operations. The governments set
standards but left it to the privately run airports to decide exactly how to
meet the standards.
Private security is not just limited to screening passengers and their
baggage. In Britain, for example, private companies also provide gate,
aircraft and catering security, as well as crew screening. Similar
arrangements exist at such high-risk airports as Amsterdam, Belfast,
Brussels, Copenhagen, Frankfurt, Hamburg and Paris.
At Israel's Ben Gurion Airport, government involvement is more extensive,
providing training and controlling access to the tarmac and other sensitive
areas. Still, a private company conducts pre-boarding screening and other
security operations.
What is startling is how the drop-off in hijackings corresponds with the
privatization of these services. There were 21 hijackings in Europe during
the 1970s, 16 during the 1980s but only four during the 1990s. Out of these
41 hijackings, only three originated from airports with private security.
With all the concern about getting qualified people to perform security,
Europe's experience has another lesson. Europeans found that some people
were too highly trained and got bored and inattentive staring at screens all
In any event, training standards have nothing to do with workers being
employed by the government. Barbers, real estate agents, doctors and others
are required to meet minimum training times. In most states, you can't sell
real estate without attending classes for at least six months, but no one
claims that means agents should be federal employees.
Many airlines are losing tens of millions of dollars each day. If they are
to survive, people's fear of flying must be dealt with quickly. An airline
safety bill that creates one government agency to operate security has
passed the Senate and is moving to the House. That solution would eliminate
competition that could create innovative ways to protect passengers.
In their rush, senators re-created Western Europe's painful mistakes. Europe
learned the hard way that some things are better run by the private sector.
If these provisions in the Senate bill become law, the U.S. will be modeling
its air security system after the post office.

@_date: 2001-10-03 04:02:34
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
jya.com is fine, cryptome.org's dns servers haven't updated. You might
well be using old BIND zone files, if your version of BIND was upgraded,
make sure you check the SOA section of the zone file, as with newer
versions different syntax was used, check out your logs for named errors
on startup. Let me know if that makes any sense. --Gabe
gabe whois cryptome.org
Whois Server Version 1.3
Domain names in the .com, .net, and .org domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to for detailed information.
   Domain Name: CRYPTOME.ORG
   Registrar: NETWORK SOLUTIONS, INC.
   Whois Server: whois.networksolutions.com
   Referral URL:    Name Server: NS1.SECURE.NET
   Name Server: NS2.SECURE.NET
   Updated Date: 01-oct-2001
gabe host -a cryptome.org NS1.SECURE.NET
Using domain server:
Name: NS1.SECURE.NET
Address: 192.41.1.10
Trying null domain
rcode = 0 (Success), ancount=2
The following answer is not authoritative:
The following answer is not verified as authentic by the server:
cryptome.org    114490 IN       NS      NS1.SECURE.NET
cryptome.org    114490 IN       NS      NS2.SECURE.NET
For authoritative answers, see:
cryptome.org    114490 IN       NS      NS1.SECURE.NET
cryptome.org    114490 IN       NS      NS2.SECURE.NET
Additional information:
NS1.SECURE.NET  86400 IN        A       192.41.1.10
NS2.SECURE.NET  86400 IN        A       161.58.9.10

@_date: 2001-10-04 18:14:23
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: WTC Photos 
]--------------
John was playing someone who was in the area and was mesmerized by the
By and by, not what John seems to have been doing, I dont see John going
out of his way to get pictures in a war zone. I do see John going into
the area, because he was told he couldnt and he saw a clear oportunity
to go in with little hassle (as far as going in goes) on his part)
The "Cops"(tm) should have actually done their job and guarded the
"crime scene" effectively, that they failed to do so is not John's
problem. Arresting him for picture taking, when it is not a crime in the
book is a tad preposterous in my book, have they arrested any of the
people who took pictures and sold them to CNN? I think not... How about
the amateur camera men who sold their tapes to the networks and even got
to go on TV as talk show guests? And how about destroying the pictures?
Hey, if he was going to be arrested, why destroy the evidence of the
crime? If the arrest was truly legitimate, wouldnt it make sense to
simply keep the memory card as "evidence" ? It was simple harrassment,
they know the photo ban wont stand a try at court... --Gabe
PS- this is the "shit, I wasnt there anyway, so my opinions are just
that" line

@_date: 2001-10-04 19:27:22
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Islam 
]--------------
They would seem to be at war with any non-believers/non-muslims,
America and its foreign policy simply make it the most attractive target
for such war.
Well, it wouldn't go over well for a country whose very foundation was
based on the premise of freedom of [approved] religion. My take on it is
that in our infinite wisdom, we are not realizing that to make "war on
terrorism" and then going around saying that we should put all ragheads
in an internment camp is going to produce a negative sentiment within
muslim populations. Regardless of what the Government says, look at the
public reaction by and large. We arent going after the "freedom
fighters" of americam,  We dont read about the public clashes between
"concerned citizens" and any of the alledged terrorist groups within
this country. We do read about mosques being arsoned, mulsims being
beaten and so on...
who could have the right picture right now and share it and be believed?

@_date: 2001-10-22 19:36:47
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
The time for that is past...look at the priye winners this year to
see a list of people, none of which did any work which was entirely
original. (disclaimer, i am talking about econ and sciences as i
havent seen anything on the other people.)
If the "society" is in fact for the purpose of creating a common
market agreed upon standard, then it is a good thing, if it imposes
standards on third parties who are not willing to comply to those
standards, either organiyation is a Bad Thing(tm).
Too bad the blue-collar workforce doesnt figure this out for
themselves, rather than bitching they are poorly treated.
As well it should. Money goes where it is well treated. If the
striking workers would prefer to do with no paycheck and having the
right to go on strike, that is their choice. I have a problem when
laws mandate that the business not do this or be fined. That is
fucked up in my mind. Equal rights for all, not just for the
The US was also founded on the same principles which the government
is now desperately trying to destroy. I dont foresee the southern
states realiying that hypocrisy is their practice.

@_date: 2001-10-22 17:09:30
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
The Nobel priye was won by people who published ideas that nobel
laureate FA Hayek published in the 30's.
And yet, if in a union, I am posed a similar question as the
sweatshop worker. Do I dare go against the union and risk being a
pariah, or do i simply follow the herd and fuck over the businessman
whose hand feeds me? There is only asymetry if you presume the
employee to be ignorant, or uneducated or plain outright stupid. If
the exchange is totally voluntary, the owner will present a wage
that the employee may or may not accept along with terms and
conditions, which the employee is also free to accept or decline. Granted, in the world of unskilled labor, this doesnt seem as evident, but that goes back around the circle on why the work is unskilled and why the worker is there. Life handed him a shittier set of choices than
the guy whose hobby was network security and has more bargaining
power at the negotiation table with an employer. I firmly disagree
with the suppression of unions, but by that same token I firmly
disagree that an employer should be mandated to keep an employee who
is a part of a union. It is the employees choice to unioniye, it
should sure as hell be the employers choice to say as Tim so
galantly put it "Fuck Off!".

@_date: 2001-10-23 11:55:06
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Farm Out! (was Re: Retribution not enough) 
It is in the FreeBSD ports and works wonderfully well under FreeBSD,
no clue about Net or Open.

@_date: 2001-10-24 17:34:11
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: George Mason U. adopts a free-market philosophy to an unusual 
George Mason U. adopts a free-market philosophy to an unusual degree
   Eric Winig   Staff Reporter
   While the U.S. economy continues to sink, the majority of economists
   are scratching their heads, unable to divine why low interest rates
   and fiscal stimulus are failing to revive consumer spending. Most,
   however, predict those old fixes will eventually work their magic
   again.
   But to a small school of economists, the U.S. downturn is no mystery.
   Indeed, they were expecting such an event long before George W. Bush
   and Al Gore tangled in Florida last year.
   Credit-induced booms inevitably turn to busts, they say. Because
   people cannot forever spend more than they earn, such a situation will
   always lead eventually to a period of contraction in which debts must
   be worked off and savings rebuilt.
   Those economists belong to a school of thought known as "Austrian
   economics," founded in Austria in the late 19th century and introduced
   to America in the early 1900s. Austrian economics is basically a a
   strong adherence to free-market economics without government
   intervention.
   As many Austrian economists see it, the boom years of the late 1990s
   were not a "new era," nor a new economy, but instead a period when
   cheap credit and abundant capital convinced individuals and
   corporations to borrow like mad. Much of this money, meanwhile, was
   used for what turned out to be poor investments.
   Although stock prices have since come down significantly, the debts
   amassed from all that borrowing remain, choking off any economic
   recovery before it can begin. As far as most Austrians are concerned,
   such imbalances must be corrected before the economy can begin to grow
   anew.
   It sounds like a simple concept, yet to most who practice economics
   for a living Austrian economists are a fringe group. In large part
   that is because the Austrian argument against any government
   intervention in the market makes most economists -- and their vaunted
   economic forecasts -- irrelevant.
   In fact, the only doctoral program in the country with a dedicated
   Austrian program is at George Mason University in Fairfax.
Something of a mission
   The university's Program on Markets and Institutions -- part of the
   James M. Buchanan Center for Political Economy
   ([52] -- is run by Karen Vaughn and Peter
   Boettke. And to those with Austrian leanings, GMU is akin to a port in
   a violent storm.
   "It's a place where you find people who think like you," says
   Veronique deRugy, a French native who crossed the pond to do
   post-doctoral work at GMU and now works for The Cato Institute
   ([53] a D.C.-based public policy foundation with
   a libertarian philosophy.
   "I was one of the rare Austrian economists in France," she says, "so
   it seemed like a logical place to go."
   Most of the program's students are Americans -- unusual for a graduate
   school -- and were introduced to Austrian economics by a professor in
   college. While they don't expect to score a tenured position at
   Harvard, most students know exactly what they are getting into.
   "I don't expect to be teaching a class called `Austrian Economics,'"
   says Edward Stringham, who is finishing his doctorate at GMU.
   Stringham, like many students, hopes to go someplace where he can
   teach economics with a free-market bent, even if his class will be
   slightly different from the school's other offerings.
   In fact, there are many such professors out there, including a good
   number from GMU. And most view their task as something of a mission.
   "The task facing Austrians is to take our theories and get them out
   there," says Steven Horowitz, associate professor of economics at St.
   Lawrence University in New York and a former GMU student. "I can name
   a dozen schools that have tenured Austrian economists there. We're
   putting our roots down in academia."
A credibility hurdle
   Although Austrian economics can be defined loosely as a free-market
   ideology, some stress this is not an entirely accurate
   characterization.
   Austrian economics provides "a deep appreciation of the markets" that
   is critical for one to arrive at any economic conclusions, whether
   free-market or otherwise, Boettke says.
   Scott Beaulier, a second-year doctoral student, says, "If you want to
   criticize the mainstream, you've got to know it inside and out."
   One of the main hurdles for all Austrian economists is to establish
   credibility in a world that views their beliefs as suspect, at best.
   In truth, many economists hold some Austrian-style views, yet the mere
   mention of the Austrian school causes their eyes to glaze over.
   "No one is out there saying `I am now an Austrian," says Vaughn,
   director of the Markets and Institutions program. "You say the
   Austrian school and people say `Oh, that.'"
   Vaughn, who has been at GMU for 23 years, says despite such attitudes
   the school has done well placing students in teaching positions.
   "There are some departments that won't touch us with a 10-foot pole,"
   she acknowledges, "but we do well placing [students] at liberal arts
   colleges."
   However, the university has not done as well placing students as
   instructors in other doctoral programs, which limits the effectiveness
   of the program. While GMU attracts many students through Austrian
   professors in undergraduate programs, the lack of doctoral programs
   with Austrian offerings is a problem.
   "George Mason," Boettke says with a laugh, "is kind of a monopolist at
   the moment."
On GMU's shoulders
   GMU came to have the only dedicated Austrian program in the nation
   partly by chance, as formerly strong programs at New York University
   and Auburn University have fallen by the wayside.
   The Auburn demise did not result from a disagreement over the Austrian
   approach but rather was one of the casualties when the entire doctoral
   program in economics was shut down because of funding problems.
   NYU, which was considered by many to have the strongest program and
   has the best academic reputation of the three universities, made more
   of a conscious decision to shy away from Austrian teachings. The
   school no longer offers an Austrian alternative in its doctorate
   program, although it does offer one in a master's degree.
   The NYU program also lost its leader when Israel Kirzner retired
   recently. Kirzner is widely considered the most influential Austrian
   economist alive, and his retirement was a huge blow to the NYU
   program.
   "It was a major hit to us as a school of thought," Boettke says.
   So that leaves GMU. And, to hear some tell it, Boettke himself.
   "Peter is an amazing guy," says Cato's deRugy. "You can talk with him
   about so many different things."
   In fact, many current and former students gush about Boettke as the
   driving force behind the program.
   "He's basically supporting the program here," says Beaulier. "It kind
   of rests on his shoulders."
   Such a reference conjures up visions of Atlas -- specifically the epic
   novel, "Atlas Shrugged," by philosopher Ayn Rand, who espoused
   individualism and laissez-faire capitalism. But the affable Boettke
   shows little sign of the strain. Instead, he continues to look for
   ways to place his students where they have the best chance to make an
   impact.
   Boettke acknowledges that many dismiss the Austrian school out of
   hand, so he advises students to "look out the window and see the
   puzzles in the world," then use Austrian economics to help frame their
   arguments.
   "We need to try to solve real problems that other people care about,"
   he says.
How the world works
   Meanwhile, although most Austrians are predicting bad times ahead for
   the world economy -- and have been for quite some time -- Boettke has
   a much more sanguine view.
   While he acknowledges recent events have tempered his optimistic
   outlook somewhat -- "the war economy is certainly not good for the
   economy" -- Boettke continues to believe the forces of capitalism and
   entrepreneurship will win out and raise living standards for all.
   He doesn't have sympathy for those who refuse to embrace capitalism
   and then blame America for their woes.
   "We have no responsibility whatsoever in the poverty of these
   countries," he says. "It is a result of the stupid policies of their
   governments, and we should not shy away from this fact."
   So, while the rest of the economics profession struggles to understand
   why the U.S. economy keeps getting worse, GMU's Austrian students
   quietly go on with their studies. And, they hope, prepare for the day
   when others will give them more than a passing glance.
   "If you want a hot-shot career at an Ivy League school, don't come
   here," Vaughn says. "But if you want to really understand how the
   world works, I can't think of a better place to go."

@_date: 2001-10-30 19:19:36
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: The Password Spy 
sersniff is a simple program to tunnel/sniff between 2 serial ports.

@_date: 2001-10-31 16:18:34
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: FBI MAS 
In my time I have found that keeping logs of internet activities is
an activity best left for businesses and even then, it can be a
double edged sword. It would be hard to subpena logs I don't
keep...besides, they are nothing but a troublesome waste of space...

@_date: 2001-11-07 13:41:06
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Mail filters in qmail? 
^^
Make sure you add the leading slash to denote Maildir as opposed to

@_date: 2001-11-05 11:47:01
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Business Rights and Free Markets 
Dear Mr. Choate,
wonderful process known as "the free market" and understand that the
very basic notion of the same is free consentual exchange between
two parties. If one is not free to deny service based on any grounds
(yes, as far as the free market is concerned, one should be well
free to deny services on the basis of race, gender, religion,
You're wrong again Mr. Choate.
Mr. Choate, please do not use the good names of Mises and Hayek in
vain...if you are going to choose to sprout out ideas that you will
be attributing to Autrian Economists, please have the decency to
understand the works which you are allgedly writting about first.
There are always exceptions...for example, Mises and Hayek did not
subscribe to Democracy in the first place...and a free market, as
such can only exist when (yes, read the first paragraph again Mr.
Choate) consentual exchange occurs.
Never fear Mr. Choate, none of us have ever thought you were

@_date: 2001-11-07 00:50:37
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Business 'rights' and free markets 
By and by, "better" is a relative term...
You didn't need to go past your first sentence here.
He has nothing else, see above.

@_date: 2001-11-07 00:27:50
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Business 'rights' and free markets 
Thank you for helping me see the light. I have pondered adding Choate to
a killfile recently, but it is not worth the trouble, just move on to
next message when I see something from him...But it sure is fun
sometimes to point out how ignorant he is or acts or tries to come off
as being. Besides, I am bored alot. :) --Gabe

@_date: 2001-11-06 11:36:35
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Business 'rights' and free markets 
Here you go using a Good Name(tm) in vain...again.
"Perfect Competition" is not an Austrian idea,
in fact, it is an idea that has been refuted by many Austrians in
the past as it is not characteristic of the real world.
"Complete Knowledge" is precisely what Hayek was refuting when he
proclaimed the idea of local knowledge, since no one can know at all
times what happens all around him, much less the next person.
Did you actually read it? Or did you gather this information off of
an Amazon book review blurb?
Tim's refusal to service whoever he wishes is directly related to
the free market. By the same token that Tim is free to not service
anyone he wishes, so too is anyone who opposes this attitude free to
not shop at Tim's shop.
Where do you get this stuff? Do you make it up as you go along?

@_date: 2001-11-26 01:44:41
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
If you got that out of the quote you left in the email I am lost ;-p
But as a general rule, no. Keeping in mind of course that "value" is
subjective, because arbitrary regulations are in fact very valuable,
ask the Kennedys. The problem with prohibitions (which are never
arbitrary) is that they make for an uneven playing field in the
great game of "The free Market" thus hurting the whole, but often
there are those (few though they may be) who profit from
prohibitions. --Gabe

@_date: 2001-11-26 00:10:59
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
It is not a "Collective hallucination" unless you take into account
the fact that the dollar (substittute your local fiat currency here)
is nothing more than a piece of paper issued by the US government
with no guarantees whatsoever of its redeemability at any given
point in time.
Money isn't so much a "belief" as it is a medium of exchange. I do
agree that it is the de facto medium of exchange because of the
belief that people put into the fact that they will be able to
exchange it for other things later on, but I believe that is
actually besides the point depending on how you refer to money.
Money as was the case 150 years ago was not really a betting idea.
Money was gold, gold was money and gold was not only money, it was
also a tangible item in and of itself. Perhaps during the times of
100% gold backed currency (I mean the Rothbard idea of banks being
nothing more than warehouses) there was  belief system somewhere,
but even then, "money" was actually gold substitute, the "dollar"
meant nothing more than a certain quantity of gold. Perhaps in
todays world you are right in the idea that money is nothing more
than a hallucination, I agree with that statement even. But I would
venture into saying that the world we live in today is a hystorical
exception, in no other time than in the last hundred (ok, hundred
and one, almost two) was money represented in such meaningless terms
as it is now, with nothing to back it up. (even gold was never
backed up by anything other than belief in its tradeability, but
then gold is "useful" and "valued" for others uses than trading.
What "use" is a dollar bill? Perhaps the Swiss Franc has artistic
value, but if you're not cold and in dire need of something to burn
for warmth, todays "money" is for all intents and purposes useles.)
There is nothing fixed in this world, if you have no boundries set.
If everything is a belief or expectation, I would have to say that
some beliefs and some expectations are stronger than others...some
by orders of magnatude.
I would still say that the reputation problem is one of the greatest
of the problems facing digital money, govenments aside. Perhaps the
problem should be referred to as bad PR instead. (Digital money needs a
better marketting department.) No offense intended, but other than a few points in the email, I
failed to miss the punchline. --Gabe

@_date: 2001-12-05 04:05:21
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Einstein.ssz.com down hard... 
ssz may entirely be up, but routers before them seem pretty fucked

@_date: 2001-12-02 18:43:50
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
I know trying to educate you to the ways of the world is a futile
effort, but I can't resist sometimes. How does my great wonderful
reputation reduce the cost of doing business with me? It may well
give me more business, but certainly not chaper business. I don't
care how reliable you are, if you start skimping on security your
reliability goes down in my book. --Gabe

@_date: 2001-12-13 23:52:25
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: : Re: How do you sleep? 
Would Declan be more effective in your mind if he started throwing
rocks at a MacDonalds arch on Pennsylvania Avenue? Somehow I see his
contributions to any movement I would be associated with as being a
little more worthwhile than what you have written/done that I have
read||about. --Gabe

@_date: 2001-12-24 16:53:01
@_author: Gabriel Rocha 
@_subject: Re: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable 
Interesting to note that the system you bash, for the sake of
argument lets call it "timmayism" is really in favor of individual
freedom (Tim, if you are not a libertarian, which is what I believe
you to be, given your writtings, please correct me) so things like
"domination", "exploitation", "profit", etc... are perfectly
acceptable so long as two people consentualy enter into an
agreement. The simple problem with what you are describing is that
is translates into "mattd decides whats is good for everyone else"
The very basic proof of this is that, given what you are writting,
if I enter into an agreement with Mr. May to rent his property, an
agreement I am perfectly acceptable to and that I am perfectly free
to decline to enter into; he is being an evil landlor-profiteer. I
am perfectly happy with the situation, but by your standards that
wasn't a "free" (your definition of free baffles me) exchange.
Hey! I think Lenin might like talking to you, knock on Stalin's door
too, since you just described communism.
an7ar7chism (nr-kzm)
n. The theory or doctrine that all forms of government are oppressive
and undesirable and should be abolished.  so7cial7ism (ssh-lzm)
n. Any of various theories or systems of social organization in which
the means of producing and distributing goods is owned collectively
or by a centralized government that often plans and controls the
economy. Pick one, stick to it. cap7i7tal7ism (kp-tl-zm)
n. An economic system in which the means of production and distribution
are privately or corporately owned and development is proportionate
to the accumulation and reinvestment of profits gained in a free
free market
n. An economic market in which supply and demand are not regulated or
are regulated with only minor restrictions.
Maybe your read on "free market" is different then mine, but I would
say a worker has as much right to not work at a company as the
employer has to not employ that worker if he chooses not to.
Isn't this a little different than what you said earlier?
Hey, enlighten us, show us some background studies, show us some
legitimate writtings and test cases to prove what you say. I would
imagine I am not alone in thinking you are full of shit with nothing
to substantiate what you have to say. Interesting that you should bring this up. We have seen nothing from
you that falls outside this category. In fact, we have seen nothing
from you that is worthwhile period. But since others might not know
this and because some of us feel bored, we respond. If you really
care about the topics you blab about, then get yourself away from
that computer you must spend hours upon hours in front of, get
yourself into a library and in a few years, come on out and lets
have intelligent discussions. Read up on different political ideas
and systems, different ideologies and pick the one you like best.
The impression one gets from reading what you write (other than,
what the fuck, this list used to have decent shit on it) is that you
have no idea what you are talking about, you musta picked up a
little pamplet somewhere that said "anarchy is cool, we bust up
stores in the name of freedom" and gone with it. If you are just
wasting our time here, which is the more likely explanation, then
well, I just hope you don't actually believe the shit you write,
there are plenty other stupid people in the world, it would have
been nice if this list didn't attract as many as it seems to. --Gabe
