
@_date: 2002-08-01 04:04:52
@_author: traded under the symbol TSGO 
@_subject: OTCBB: GTWY Acquisition Strategy      ADV 
Untitled Document
STOCKWATCH =
    INVESTING PUBLIC**
TRSG (traded under the symbol TSGO) is a subsidiary
    of GTWY. All information regarding TRSG is in direct
    relation to GTWY.
Gateway Distributors LTD Acquisition Strategy
    Contact: Rick Bailey President/CEO 702-938-9316
RECENT =
GTWY (OTCB: GTWY) GTWY has announced that the company
    is pursuing several acquisition in industry related business.
    The company will expand its business to include network marketing,
    retail, and manufacturing. Bailey says, "GYWY"
    is positioning the company to bring wellness into the household
    through the use of nutritional products, create business opportunities,
    and have cost effective products in the market."  The company
    will concentrate on capturing market share and compete with companies
    such as: NuSkin, (NYSE: NUS) Herbalife. (NASDQ: HERBB)
    and Wild Oat (NASDAQ: OATS)
REASONS TO BUY
    GATEWAY
- GTWY has undergone significant financial restructuring
    and projects that 2002 earnings will greatly exceed their previous
    financial performance in 2001 and sales will be in excess of
    $4,000,000 dollars.
- GTWY has recently brought to market Fulvic Factor,
    perhaps the rarest nutrient rich substance found on Earth. For
    centuries this natural remedy has been known as the Destroyer
    of Weakness and Builder of Strength.
- GTWY has effectively implemented a new Every One
    Wins Compensation Plan that will give everyone an opportunity
    to own his or her own home base business with minimal overhead
    expenses.
- All software updates have been completed and operating
Gateway Distributors LTD
 Symbol: =
 52 Week =
 52 Week =
 Current =
- Product Inventory is in the warehouse and paid for.
- Developed a distributor base of over 90,000,000 distributors
    with 5,000 actively buying on an ongoing basis.
COMPANY =
Rick Bailey founded TRSG in 1997 with a vision to produce
    the highest quality nutritional supplements and to make them
    available to all walks of life. TRSG has recently expanded
    its market from nutritional supplements to that of skin care
    items, personal care items, and biological disease detection
    products. Furthermore, TRSG has expanded globally by establishing
    bearings in the very lucrative Japanese and Russian markets.
     Throughout the incredible growth that TRSG has undergone
    since its establishment five years ago they have never lost sight
    of their original standards of highest quality and continual
    development of new and innovative products that will lead the
    health industry into the future. TRSG has a highly qualified
    and prestigious medical board led by Dr. Michael Hartman in order
    to assure the most effective and the safest products possible.
GATEWAY =
The company continues to identify opportunities
    to raise equity, which will be used to accelerate growth initiatives.
    To date, the Company is reviewing several business purchase opportunities
    to determine the most favorable for both shareholders and the
    Company. The Company is projecting to have retail business in
    several locations over the next twelve months. The momentum we established has created a great deal of interest
    in the industry, which will allow us our fair share of the market.=
 CONCLUSION
Through its intensive financial restructuring and devotion
    to the continual innovation of products, GTWY is headed
    for a bright future. GTWY has recently recruited respected
    members of the medical world to head up their projects who will
    allow them to develop the scientifically most beneficial products
    in the area of nutritional and dietary supplements.
With the already extensive network that GTWY has in
    place around the world, the highly skilled management team and
    the highly innovative researchers who continue to create and
    envision in a changing world, GTWY is a company that only
    has bigger and better things to come.
A number of statements contained in this press
    release are forward-looking statements which are made pursuant
    to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
    Reform Act of 1995. These forward looking statements involve
    a number of risks and uncertainties, including the timely development,
    and market acceptance of products and technologies, competitive
    market conditions, successful integration of acquisitions and
    the ability to secure additional sources of financing. The actual
    results that GTWY may achieve could differ materially from any
    forward-looking statements due to such risks and uncertainties.=
 Stockwatch Alert provides
    information on selected companies that it believes has investment
    potential. Stockwatch Alert is not a registered investment advisor
    or broker - dealer. This report is provided as an information
    service only, and the statements and opinions in this report
    should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or
    sell any security. Stockwatch Alert accepts no liability for
    any loss arising from an investors reliance on or use of this
    report. An investment in GTWY is considered to be highly speculative
    and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete
    loss of investment. Stockwatch Alert has been retained to distribute
    this report on GTWY and has been paid $15k US Funds and 15k free
    trading shares by a third party. This report involves forward
    looking statements, which involve risk, and uncertainties that
    may cause actual results to differ materially from those set
    forth in the forward - looking statements. For further details
    concerning these risks and uncertainties, see the SEC filings
    of GTWY including the companys most recent annual and quarterly
    reports.
  If you wish to unsubscribe from our mailing
    list, please Click
    Here or call us at 1-866-667-5399, or write to us at: NOUCE1,
    6822 22nd Ave. N, St. Petersburg, FL 33710-3918
