
@_date: 2004-04-10 13:44:57
@_author: Sadam Hussain 
@_subject: I NEED YOUR HELP 
No: 24A Idrisa Road, Republic of Iraq.
Greetings to you in the name of our Allah
I am Mrs Mariam Khalid a devoted muslim,a new muslim convert of 74 years old after being converted from a christian family by my husband.For quite a good number of years now,I have been suffering from cancer of the breast and fibroid of the womb which has for a long time now affected my health and from all indications my condition is deteriorating by day and by my doctor's prediction I have less than six months to live.
My husband who is now late was killed during the US/British attack against the president of my country (Sadam Hussain).My late husband was a member of the contract award committee of the republican ministry of petroleum and resources of Iraq under the regime of Sadam Hussein
Throughout the period of my marriage with my husband,all efforts to bear children proved abortive because of my poor state of health.My husband was a very wealthy and influential man during the post war Iraq. After his death,I inherited all his wealth since he has no other next of kin.
Since it is now obvious that I may not survive my poor state of health, I have deemed it necessary to leave a legacy on Earth and give a positive account and justification of the life I lived on Earth before the Almighty Allah who will punish all those unbelivers and evil doers that murderd my husband and wants to control the Iraq oil wealth in the name of war against terrorism.
This I want to achieve by committing part of this wealth in all sincerlity to fund mosques, Islamic orphanages,widows and also propagating the word of ALLAH and to ensure that the society upholds the views and beliefs of the holy Quran. The holy Quran emphasized so much on ALLAH'S benevolence and this has encouraged me to take this bold step hence the reason for taking this bold decision, I know that afterdeath, I will be with ALLAH t
he most beneficent and the most merciful.
Please, note that this sum(us$35 Million) was securely deposited in a security/financial company overseas in my name by my husband . I have highlighted my attorney on the said sum and all the possible assistance he wouldrender to you on the documents covering the money so as to enable you receive it as I cannot follow it up because of my ill health.Presently, my attorny is in Europe waiting for anybody willing.
I will also issue you a letter of authorization to anable the money be paid into your account.I want you and the Muslim community where you reside to always pray for me,My happiness is that i lived a life of a true devoted muslim worthy of emulation. Lastly, I honestly pray that this money when remitted to you will be judiciously used for the said purpose and you will take 10% as a compensation for your assistance in carrying out these humanitarian services.
Whoever wants to serve ALLAH must serve him in truth and in fairness. Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay in your reply will give me room to source for a muslim organisation or a devoted muslim for this same purpose.
Until I hear from you, my dreams will rest squarely on your shoulders. May the almighty ALLAH continue to bless you
Best regards.
Hajia Mariam Khalid.
