
@_date: 2001-10-31 22:00:46
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Osama uses Oracle DB 
DCF Quoth:
bases in Pakistan to assist fighters on their way Afghanistan to fight
Commies.  He used the opportunity to collect a rather valuable direct
marketing list of somme 40,000 names and addresses of dedicated
Warriors for future use.  Wonder what dbase software he uses?<<
*Obviously* Osama uses Oracle, because he and Larry Ellison are
Well-Known Evil Persons.

@_date: 2001-10-31 17:07:38
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: fully transparent systems: Linux on Altera 
From Core to Kit  by Mike Esch
How the Nios, a RISC processor on an FPGA, came to
support Linux and the GNU development tools.
alas not online at Basically he boots Linux on a soft cpu ("NIOS") which is implemented
on a reprogrammable logic device (Altera's).  First the Altera
gets configured as a NIOS (plus whatever else you want to put
on there..) then the NIOS boots a Linux build.  NIOS is a
SPARC-like 16 or 32-bit RISC w/out a MMU that Altera sells
for their chips.
Of interest here because if you can't read it you can't trust it; now
you can use GNUtools on a CPU you can read. Also for embedded crypto
system developers in general.

@_date: 2001-10-31 16:31:20
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: NYT DOS'd 
Tuesday October 30 7:21 PM ET
NY Times Computers Shut Down by Apparent Attack
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Internet connections at the New York Times Co
(NYSE:NYT - news) were interrupted for
several hours on Tuesday afternoon after the paper's computers were
flooded with bogus information in an apparent
``We don't know that it was malicious, but there seems to be no innocent
explanation,'' wrote network administrator
Terry Schwadron in an e-mail to newsroom employees.
The Times computers ``started receiving a huge amount of electronic
transmission that flooded the machinery that
protects the paper from hacker attacks,'' according to Schwadron's
e-mail, in what he called ``denial of service activity.''
In a denial of service attack, thousands of fake messages are sent to
server computers, tying up the recipient's network.
The main White House Web site ( was hit with a
similar attack in May.
The New York Times Web site ( was online as of
Tuesday evening.
A spokeswoman for the company, reading a statement, said: ''Some New
York Times employees are experiencing
difficulty accessing the Internet through their computers. Our technical
staff is trying to determine the reason for this. At
this time, we do not know the cause.''
The spokeswoman did confirm the contents of Schwadron's e-mail.
The New York Times has gone through two anthrax scares since Oct. 12,
but tests came up negative for the bacteria.

@_date: 2001-10-29 14:48:35
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: US exporting abuses of 'detainees' 
A short, sharp shock, they'll never do it agin'
                   Scotland Yard Gets More Time to Questions Terrorism Suspect
                          The Associated Press
                         Published: Oct 29, 2001
LONDON (AP) - Scotland Yard said Monday it has gained court permission
to continue questioning an Egyptian man suspected of involvement in
The 38-year-old man, identified in press reports as Yasser al-Sirri, was
arrested at his home in London last week.
Tuesday would mark the end of the seven-day period permitted by the
Terrorism Act for questioning a suspect without bringing charges, but
authorities were granted more time to question al-Sirri.
Al-Sirri runs a center that acts as a public relations contact for
Islamic fundamentalist groups, and recently circulated a statement by
Mohammed Atef, third-ranking leader of Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida
Al-Sirri has declined to discuss how he obtained that statement.

@_date: 2001-10-26 17:50:02
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Al-Jazeera Guide in English 
This link has stories about censorship & satellites and a link to
a site that translates Al-Jazeera's site.
(That link seems slow but the site is up.)

@_date: 2001-10-26 17:25:38
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Ministry of truth: ABC anchor regrets remarks 
[Yes ABC is a nominally private entity (modulo their govt license
and use of spectrum) but note that she was speaking on her own
Friday October 26 02:16 AM EDT
By Andrew Grossman
NEW YORK (The Hollywood Reporter) --- ABC anchorwoman Carole Simpson on
Thursday said she regretted some
of the remarks she made at an Oct. 16 conference that led to her
two-week suspension from Sunday's "World News
The network took that action in the wake of her speech to the
International Women's Media Foundation in New York
where she revealed various details about the 7-month-old infant who
contracted anthrax and his mother, a producer at
Simpson's comments were particularly ill-timed because network
executives had announced the illness only the night
before and were still trying to communicate information to the media and
ABC employees about the situation. In her
speech, Simpson gave away the sex of the child -- a boy -- and revealed
the producer's identity -- she was Simpson's
Executives were also upset about Simpson telling the conference that
"This Week" co-host Cokie Roberts had received a
suspicious letter postmarked Trenton, N.J., in the Washington bureau,
where Simpson also works.
But the letter proved innocent and it did not come from Trenton, leaving
officials livid that Simpson had bypassed the
network's process for disseminating anthrax information.
In her statement, Simpson said she regretted sharing the erroneous
information, saying: "When any of us in this
profession makes a mistake, it's important to say so." But she made no
mention of her revelations about the mother's
and baby's identities.
ABC News declined to comment, saying it was a personnel matter.
Chris Bury replaced Simpson on Oct. 21. Simpson is due back Nov. 4.
"Propoganda outlets are military targets" -NATO during FRYwar

@_date: 2001-10-25 13:48:10
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Starium patents? 
One wonders what they have that is patentable.  Given that we've been
laptops with PGPfone/Nautilus/SpeakFreely for a while.
Maybe the concept of an answering machine with PK exchange?
Is this supposed to be nonobvious?

@_date: 2001-10-25 13:37:55
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Google bends for feds 
Dozens of government agencies have rushed to pull sensitive
information off their websites and Google has backed their efforts by
clearing the cache of shuttered websites from its search engines, a
Google spokeswoman said.
Suppression Stifles Some Sites

@_date: 2001-10-23 16:15:08
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Domestic psyops: USPO 
How naif can (even a USPO manager) be?
 Postal Union Advises Workers in Public Eye Not to Wear Protective Masks
                               and Gloves
Oct 23, 2001
WASHINGTON (AP) - Worried about the image of postal workers, one union
has been urging its members who work in the public eye not to wear the
protective gear being provided since the discovery that anthrax was sent
through the mail.
Workplace guidelines have been modified to allow employees to wear
gloves, masks and other protective gear.
But "this is not the visual image we wish to project to the citizens we
serve," according to a Friday newsletter by the American Postal Workers
Union's news service, dated before two postal workers died. The
newsletter was posted on the union's Web site Monday.
Workers in the public eye should not wear the gear, the newsletter said.
It does not address the issue of employees who handle mail, such as
those at the Brentwood facility in Washington, the city's central mail
processing facility.

@_date: 2001-10-23 15:54:47
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: rate this, mofo 
Internet Cos. Back Filtering System
      The industry is getting some governmental support as well.
        Kenny said five lawmakers have told her they will
        introduce a bill encouraging legislators to rate their own
        Web sites.
Do Gary Condit, Judge Thomas, Clinton count as porn?
How about the 'diaper-headed' representative, does he count as a 'hate

@_date: 2001-10-21 21:16:41
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Give this man a fake ID, and a 7-11 
Since his defection after the air strikes began, Mohammad, now in
Pakistan, still fears for his life.
``I have so much more that I can tell you about the Taliban,'' he
claimed. ``But first I need to feel safe, far away from

@_date: 2001-10-21 16:26:42
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Vietnam to US: charge your citizens with terrorism 
First Israel, now Vietnam.  Only Vietnam wants the US to
charge US citizens with terroristm against Vietnam.
Curiouser and curiouser.
As the United States presses its war against terrorism,
Vietnam is demanding that American officials extend the
crackdown to an immigrant group they say has sponsored
Southeast Asian bombing attempts from its headquarters
in a nondescript Garden Grove office building.
 "Vietnam has asked the
U.S. to stop harboring, tolerating or supporting that
group. It should punish those who commit terrorist acts
on Vietnam . . . like Nguyen and his group."
Though it is not illegal for U.S. citizens to call for the
overthrow of a foreign government, it is against the law
for Americans to become involved in the effort to do so.
Domestic terrorism is the only way to remind Americans that they
are responsible for what their government does.

@_date: 2001-10-21 15:52:11
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: CIA Politics of Assassination 
Sunday October 21 8:48 AM ET
        CIA Reportedly Gets Authority to
        Hunt Down Bin Laden
                           WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President
                           Bush (news - web sites) last month
                           gave the CIA (news - web sites) it
                           broadest authority yet to conduct lethal
                           covert action against Osama bin Laden
                           (news - web sites) and his al Qaeda
                           network, The Washington Post
                           reported in its Sunday edition.
        The newspaper, quoting unidentified senior government
        officials, said Bush signed an order, known as an
        intelligence finding, that directed the CIA to undertake to
        sweeping and deadly covert action against bin Laden and his
        network.
        The finding specifically called for the destruction of bin
        Laden and al Qaeda, who are the prime suspects in the
        Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington, the Post
        said.
        ``The gloves are off. The president has given the agency the
        green light to do whatever is necessary. Lethal operations
        that were unthinkable pre-Sept. 11 are now underway,'' the
        newspaper quoted a senior official as saying.
        The finding also gave the CIA an additional $1 billion to
        apply toward its anti-terror campaign, most of which will
        fund covert action aimed at taking out bin Laden's
        communications, security apparatus and infrastructure, the
        Post said.
        The operations were to include a high degree of
        coordination between the CIA and military units, to give
        Bush the power to rapidly dispatch troops based on the
        newest and best information from the intelligence agency.
        Soon after the attacks, in which hijackers crashed
        commercial airliners into the twin towers of the World
        Trade Center and the Pentagon (news - web sites), Bush
        said bin Laden was ``wanted dead or alive.''
        Though all U.S. presidents since Gerald Ford have signed
        an executive order prohibiting the CIA or other agencies
        from getting involved in political assassinations, there is
        agreement among some CIA and White House lawyers that
        the ban does not apply in time of war, the newspaper said.

@_date: 2001-10-20 17:14:55
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: French Nazis charge student with speaking freely 
French Teen Leads Bin Laden Cheer
The Associated Press
Friday, Oct. 19, 2001; 3:13 p.m. EDT
STRASBOURG, France  A French teen-ager was placed
under investigation after he allegedly organized a
demonstration at his junior high school where students called
out "Long live bin Laden," judicial officials said Friday.
                  A juvenile court judge in Strasbourg placed the
                  under formal investigation  one step short of being
charged 
                  on Thursday for "justifying acts of terrorism," the
                  said.
                  The judge ordered the student to remain under the
                  surveillance of a teacher.
                  For adults, the charge of "justifying acts of
terrorism" can
                  carry up to five years in prison and a $42,000 fine.
                  The teen-ager is believed to have organized a
                  Monday at the Lezay-Marnesia school in Strasbourg, in
                  eastern France. About 100 students gathered in the
                  burned a pair of red-white-and-blue underwear and
cried out
                  "Long live (Osama) bin Laden, down with the
                  Bin Laden is suspected in the Sept. 11 terror attacks
on the
                  World Trade Center and the Pentagon.

@_date: 2001-10-17 17:47:53
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: bin Laden stoned (attn: JYA CARTOME) 
Tuesday, Oct. 16, 2001
                Geologist: I Know Where bin Laden
                Is
                University of Nebraska-Omaha geologist Jack
                Shroder says he knows where terrorist
                kingpin Osama bin Laden is hiding.
                Shroder, who has done research in
                Afghanistan, says he recognized rock
                formations shown in the taped remarks bin
                Laden made after the U.S. bombing began 10
                days ago, United Press International
                reported today.
                Shroder said while he was watching the bin
                Laden tape, "I turned to my wife and told
                her I know where he is."
                He told the Omaha World-Herald he has
                received calls about the tape but would not
                say whether any were from the federal
                government.
                He said the type of rock seen in the tape is
                found in only two provinces, Paktia and
                Paktika, about 125 miles from Kabul. The
                area, he said, is riddled with caves and
                controlled by the Pushtuns, one of five
                ethnic groups vying for control of
                Afghanistan.
from but original at omaha news, being slashdotted by drudge currently.

@_date: 2001-10-17 16:57:04
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Monty Python made be illegal in UK 
_The Life of Brian_ could be an incitement to religious hatred"
under new proposed UK law...

@_date: 2001-10-16 12:57:10
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Got Ammo? 
In the most significant gun control measure of the year,
                Governor Davis approved legislation that requires
                owners to pass a written test and prove to a state
instructor that
                they know how to handle a gun safely. The laws, which go
                effect in 2003, also require new owners of handguns to
                the Department of Justice with a thumbprint.
JY how do you feel about the term "organ harvesting" ???

@_date: 2001-10-15 20:45:00
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: NSA overhears... 
Hersh also reports that a number of conversations between members of the
Saudi Arabian royal family that
were electronically intercepted by the National Security Agency,
beginning as early as 1994, "demonstrated
to analysts that by 1996 Saudi money was supporting Osama bin Laden's Al
Qaeda and other extremist groups."

@_date: 2001-10-05 00:53:17
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: private US (chick!) groups using domestic surveillance tools 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please take the few moments required to
ensure your posts are readable.  KMSelf]
The maker of police surveillance tools, OrionSci, lists a private group
"the feminist majority" as a purchaser of their "Investigations" tools.
    Ramsey County Sheriff's Department
    St. Paul, Minnesota
    California Department of Justice (DOJ)
    Sacramento, California
    Hayward
    Hayward, California Investigations
    Broward County Sheriff's Office
    Fort Lauderdale, Florida
    Santa Monica Police Department
    Santa Monica, California
    ***           Feminist Majority Foundation
    Alexandria, Virginia
    Kansas Bureua of Investigations
    Topeka, Kansas
    Santa Ana Police Department
    Santa Ana, California
    Denver Police Department
    Denver, Colorado
    Orion's products :
    GangNet.  Comprehensive analytic tool for tracking, retrieving, and
    analyzing crime information collected about gangs, individual gang
    members, locations, associates, field interviews, and vehicles
    relevant to a gang member.
    Investigations A powerful relational database with robust parameter
    searches. Cross reference narcotics, street gangs, criminal groups,
    pedophiles, missing persons, etc.  Photo lineups, mug books &
    multi-media capable.  Investigations is layered and
    compartmentalized for security.
    Investigations III+ The next generation in investigation and
    analytical tools.  This high performance system combines the power
    of GangNet, Investigations, and Spotlight into one comprehensive
    package.
    Orion Magic Provides the ability to conduct text searches across
    files, documents, Web pages, and databases located anywhere on your
    personal computer, network, or Internet.  ORIONMagic is not just a
    search tool,; it also includes analytical tools to enable you to
    evaluate the results of searches.
    Spotlight Unstructured text-based searching. Search multiple
    databases: electronic documents, scan/OCR, word processing files,
    newswires, Internet, open source, SGML, HTML, etc. Index and add
    text documents to your investigative case file.
    H.A.T.E.  Hate-crime Analysis, Tracking and Evaluation System serves
    as a browser-based investigative tools as well as a statistical
    resource for analyzing bias crimes motivated by race, nationality,
    religion, sexual orientation, gender, or disability.
    HiTech Crime Intelligence system for tracking HiTech Crimes.
    Tracking of any incidents using technology including cyber
    terrorism, child pornography, identity theft, fraud, etc. Parameter
    & free-form searches. Link analysis, routine and adhoc reports.
    JuviNet Separate system for collecting information on juvenile
    offenders. Ability to track all information on juveniles while they
    are in custody and under the care of a state ward system.
    RMS/CMS Records Management System/Case Management System.
    Electronic capture of all investigative reports, text, images,
    video, audio and forensic data.  Local creation of the documents,
    reports and case files to advance investigations and analytic
    activities.  Case Management System to centralize all related
    documents and information in the case file. Report workflow
    management system from incident creation to post-adjudication
    archive.
    NarcNet Narcotics tracking utilizing web based technology.
    Intelligence system modeled after GangNet. for tracking cases,
    incidents, subject and narcotics related information. Information
    about drug seizures (type, purity, value, concealment location) and
    currency seizures are also collected for analysis.  Automated
    multilevel link analysis, text lookup and matrix search capability.

@_date: 2001-10-04 18:29:41
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: How can I Train Myself for Jihad 
4.6 Military Training
Although sometimes it is difficult to obtain comprehensive military
training in one's home country, it is very easy to do
plenty of background reading using freely-available books and CDs,
before one actually goes abroad.
The US Army has produced a number of military field manuals on CD on all
topics from light weapons, tanks and
artillery to mines, military fieldcraft and combat medicine. The full
set is available on CD for less than US$100 and
many field manuals are also available on the Internet. One source of
availability is
 or by searching for the term
'US Military Field Manuals CD' or just 'US
Military Field Manuals Online'. Even though the US Army Field Manuals
contain information specific to US Weapons,
they still contain a large amount of useful information applicable in
all circumstances. It is useful to get a full set of CDs
for your mosque or Islamic society that everyone can use.
4.4 Firearms Training
Firearms training differs from country to country. In some countries,
possession of firearms by the public is illegal, in
other countries it is legal. In some countries of the World, especially
the USA, firearms training is available to the general
public. One should try to join a shooting club if possible and make
regular visits to the firing range. There are many
firearms courses available to the public in USA, ranging from one day to
two weeks or more. These courses are good
but expensive. Some of them are only meant for security personnel but
generally they will teach anyone. It is also better
to attend these courses in pairs or by yourself, no more. Do not make
public announcements when going on such a
course. Find one, book your place, go there, learn, come back home and
keep it yourself. Whilst on the course, keep
your opinions to yourself, do not argue or debate with anyone, do not
preach about Islam and make Salah in secret. You
are going there to train for Jihad, not call people to Islam.

@_date: 2001-10-04 18:23:21
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Anxiety in State Dept over VOA playing Omar ---text 
Mullah Omar: +America has
              created the evil, which will
              destroy it;
              +If we now shall hand over Osama, the same
              people, who today demand from us to hand
              over him, already tomorrow will defame us for
              this treachery;
              (Correspondent of +Voice of America;
              interviewed Mullah Mohammad Omar and its
              translation is forbidden by State Department of
              USA on September 22, 2001). However +Voice
              of America; nevertheless used interview of
              Mullah Omar in its broadcasting, though not
              completely, that has caused as the American
              press writes, anxiety in State Department of
              USA.)
              Question: Why have you not exiled Osama bin
              Laden from the country?
              Mullah Omar: It is not connected with Osama
              bin Laden. It is connected to Islam. The prestige
              of Islam is staked. And besides it is Afghan
              tradition.
              Question: you know, that USA declared war to
              terrorism?
              Mullah Omar. I know only two promises. The
              first is the promise of Allah. The second is that
              of Bush. The promise of Allah says, that my
              ground - is extensive. If you will undertake travel
              on the way of Allah, you can locate in any place
              on this ground, and everywhere you will be
              protected  Promise of the Bush consists that
              on the ground did not remain places, where you
              could hide and where you will not find place to
              locate. We shall look, which one between these
              two promises will be executed.
              Question: But are you not afraid for the sake
              of your people, yourselves, Talibans, and
              country?
              Mullah Omar: Allah Almighty  he helps
              believer and Muslims. Allah speaks, that he will
              never be pleased with atheists. In worldly
              affairs, America is very strong. But even though
              it is twice as strong as it nowadays, it cannot
              overcome us. We are convinced, that nobody
              can cause us harm, if Allah is with us.
              Question: That is all this does not make you
              worry. But Afghans worldwide are extremely
              anxious with the present situation 
              Mullah Omar: It worries us. Great dangers are
              awaiting us ahead. But we depend on favor of
              Allah. Can seem, that for us has started the
              moment of truth, but blessing of Allah is with
              Muslims.
              Listen to our point of view. If we now shall hand
              over Osama, the same people, who today
              demand his hand over, already will blame us for
              this treachery  The same people will ask
              tomorrow: +Why have you lost prestige of
              Islam? Why have you drawn shame upon
              Muslims?; Everyone is afraid of America, and
              everyone wants to charm it. But let me tell to
              you something. Americans cannot prevent new
              acts from a series of what that recently
              happened, as America has taken Islam in
              hostage. America has made it in Islamic world
              and especially in Islamic countries.
              Look at the Islamic countries: people in despair.
              They complain that Islam has disappeared.
              Worldly laws have replaced Islamic law. But
              people remain firm in their Islamic belief. In the
              pain and despair, some of them commit acts of
              suicide. They feel, that they have nothing to
              lose. If USA really wants to finish with this evil,
              they should know, what is necessary to be
              done. They should stop the pressure upon
              Islam. Release Islam. And then there will come
              simplification, and everyone can engage in the
              business.
              Question: What do you mean, when you
              speak, that America has taken Islamic world in
              hostage?
              Mullah Omar: America controls governments
              of Islamic states. America looks after them that
              those carried out its requirements. Such
              government is extremely far from its own
              people. People ask it to follow Islam, but
              government does not heed them. People are
              powerless before their own governments
              because it is in the hands of United States. So
              the government becomes ineligible and starts to
              forget people.
              If someone follows a way of Islam, the
              government arrests or kills him. So America
              acts. If it will cease to support similar
              governments and will give people to understand
              with them, such things will be stopped. America
              is created that evil, which now attacks on it. This
              evil will not disappear, whether I shall die,
              whether will die Osama, whether other people
              will die. It is the American policy. USA should
              recede and reconsider it. They should stop
              attempts of spreading of the empire on all other
              world, especially in the Islamic countries.
              In a name of +humanitarian help;, Americans
              have brought in thousand of Bibles to
              Afghanistan and propagandized Christianity. If
              they have dared on it here at present, then
              think what they would have done in Arabian
              countries! Muslims understand it. Also I know
              also, that they can do nothing And
              consequently they will kill themselves in
              self-destructive attacks. They do not want to
              live on this ground any more.
              Question: That is, it means, you do not give
              Osama bin Laden to United States?
              Mullah Omar: No, we cannot make it. If we so
              shall act - means, we are not Muslims 
              Means, Islam has died. If we were afraid of an
              attack, we could hand over Osama after recent
              American threats and bombardments; but after
              that America again could attack on us, and
              during this time, we would not have any friend.
              Question: Really can you battle with America in
              full force? Whether America will not win and
              whether then your people will not suffer even
              more?
              Mullah Omar: On a surface it seems, as if all
              indeed is like that, but I am convinced: it does
              not happen. Please, remember: nothing can
              happen, except for as at the will of Allah
              All-mighty. If the person really will trust on will of
              Allah, then he believes that Almighty will help
              him, will give him the favor and will grant him
              good luck.
              +Voice of America;
              Washington

@_date: 2001-10-04 15:20:31
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Nasal Discharge & Reporting (commercial benign interrogation) 
How to be a sensitive journalist (US style)
                           If the interviewee cries, this is not
                           a bad or harmful thing. Carry paper tissues
                           all times, and offer them as a caring
                           One reason people feel self-conscious about
                           crying is nasal discharge, and offering them
                           paper tissue can help. A friendly touch on
                           arm is also often good.

@_date: 2001-10-03 18:58:56
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Man arrested in burning of U.S. flag 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please take the few moments required to
present materials in a readable format.  KMSelf]
Looks like the fundamentalists won...
Man arrested in burning of U.S. flag
    Associated Press
    Last updated 04:40 PM, EST, Tuesday, October 02, 2001
    inscmsfonsrctdrccw
    NOBLESVILLE, Ind. (AP) -- An Indiana man accused of burning an
    American flag behind his home has been arrested, despite rulings
    from the U.S. Supreme Court that have said flag-burning is an
    exercise of free speech.
    David H. Stout, 49, of Noblesville was charged Monday with flag
    desecration and resisting law enforcement. He was being held Tuesday
    at the Hamilton County Jail on a $9,000 bond.
    Stout was arrested Sunday after police found him lying beside a
    burning flag in an alley behind his home.
    Indiana is among 48 states that still have a law against flag
    desecration on the books, even though the U.S. Supreme Court has
    twice said flag-burning is a constitutionally protected form of
    expression.
    Stout told a neighbor who tried to stop the burning that he could
    burn his flag if he wanted. The neighbor called police.
    Stout is accused of throwing a lighted firecracker at a police
    officer and struggling with police when they took him into custody.
    Hamilton County Deputy Prosecutor Wendy Petersen filed the charges
    against Stout.
    "Our particular statute has not been challenged," Petersen told The
    Indianapolis Star. "We still have flag desecration on the books,
    although we may certainly come up against that (constitutional)
    argument if we continue to prosecute Mr. Stout."
    Both charges against Stout are misdemeanors, each carrying maximum
    penalties of one year in prison and a $5,000 fine upon conviction.
    Petersen agreed that the surge of flag-waving since the Sept. 11
    terrorist attacks may have created a new sensitivity to flag
    desecration.
    "I can't comment on what the officers were thinking at the time, but
    probably a report of flag burning would be taken more seriously
    because of the environment," she said.

@_date: 2001-10-03 18:45:20
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: FBI's database of anonymous letters 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please take the few moments required to
present documents in a readable manner.  KMSelf]
Anonymous Letters
    The Anonymous Letter File (ALF) is an image-oriented database housed
    in the Questioned Documents Unit of the FBI Laboratory. The
    repository houses letters from anonymous sources, categorizing
    entries based on target (recipient of letter), method of
    preparation, and content.
    Established in the 1930s, the original ALF was a unique and useful
    resource for law enforcement.  Originally, index card-sized sections
    of a note's text was from a photograph of the original anonymous
    letter and entered to the database with the written portion of its
    envelope. The entry was filed based on its geographic origin
    (determined by the post mark), nature (hate or demand note) and the
    method of communication (hand-written, typed, etc.). During a
    search, when a Laboratory Technician detected similarities between
    two or more entries, the available content of those notes would be
    further examined (remember, only an index card-sized portion was
    initially used). If an association still appeared likely, an
    Examiner would then conduct a more thorough comparison including an
    examination of handwriting characteristics.
    In the early 1980s, the database was upgraded to include
    video-camera-captured images of letters. The images were stored on
    disk and the text of the entire letter was retyped for comparison.
    The new system also enabled special attention to be given to
    vocabulary, spelling habits, and the topic that a letter addressed.
    Even with this more advanced system, a Questioned Documents Examiner
    still studied the hand writing or printing methods of the associated
    letters looking for a stronger connection.
    The Laboratory's current ALF system, updated in the 1990s, is even
    more advanced. Instead of capturing an image of a letter by video
    camera, images are scanned onto a computer hard drive with back-ups
    made on compact discs.  Comparison is then conducted based on
    target, method of preparation, and content.
    The associations that result from ALF searches can prove invaluable
    in FBI and other law enforcement investigations.  Frequent topics of
    anonymous letters include bomb threats, environmental concerns,
    abortion politics, and gun control.

@_date: 2001-10-01 20:47:00
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Brinworld: citizens with speed-radar 
ARLINGTON - Alice Pelfrey has taken aim at speeders in her
neighborhood, and her efforts have really slowed them down.
 Armed with a police radar gun and a clipboard, Pelfrey and other Plaza
Heights Citizens on Patrol members have been tracking violators as part
of an Arlington Police Department pilot program designed to reduce
speeding violations in neighborhoods.
 "As long as we were doing it, they were slowed down and they stayed
slowed down for a while," Pelfrey said. "If we keep it up, they're going
to get the idea that we're set up and that somebody is going to be
 The East Arlington Police Station test program involving Plaza Heights,
Colonial Estates and Valley View Citizens on Patrol groups ended this
month. Modeled after an Arlington County, Va., program, resident groups
are loaned radar guns and trained to log the speeds and license plate
numbers of violators in their neighborhoods. The data helps the Police
Department determine where more patrol officers or speed limit signs are
needed, Lt. Carolyn Allen said.
 The program is expected to become citywide next year, she said.
 "The citizens have told us their concerns about traffic and speeding,"
Allen said. "This is a way for them to get involved in their own
neighborhoods and do something about it."
 The groups, clearly identified as speed monitors with signs and
jackets, set up in areas approved by the department. The information
collected is turned in to the Police Department, which then mails
warning letters to those caught stating the speed, date and location of
the violations. During the six neighborhood monitoring operations, the
department notified 125 people.
 "More than likely, once they get a letter they're going to think twice
about coming down this street speeding because they're not going to know
whether we're there or not," Pelfrey said.
 Although violators in the test program received only warnings, Allen
said she plans to station plainclothes police officers with the groups
so that speeding violators can be stopped and issued citations.
 According to collected data, the average speed in 30 mph zones ranged

@_date: 2001-10-03 12:42:39
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: FBI's database of anonymous letters 
Anonymous Letters
                                     The Anonymous Letter File (ALF) is
                                     image-oriented database housed in
                                     Questioned Documents Unit of the
                                     Laboratory. The repository houses
letters from
                                     anonymous sources, categorizing
entries based
                                     on target (recipient of letter),
method of
                                     preparation, and content.
                                     Established in the 1930s, the
original ALF was a
                                     unique and useful resource for law
                                     Originally, index card-sized
sections of a note's
                                     text was from a photograph of the
                                     anonymous letter and entered to the
                                     with the written portion of its
envelope. The
                                     entry was filed based on its
geographic origin
                                     (determined by the post mark),
nature (hate or
                                     demand note) and the method of
                                     (hand-written, typed, etc.). During
a search,
                                     when a Laboratory Technician
                                     similarities between two or more
entries, the
                                     available content of those notes
would be further
                                     examined (remember, only an index
                                     portion was initially used). If an
association still
                                     appeared likely, an Examiner would
                                     conduct a more thorough comparison
                                     an examination of handwriting
                                     In the early 1980s, the database
was upgraded
                                     to include video-camera-captured
images of
                                     letters. The images were stored on
disk and the
                                     text of the entire letter was
retyped for
                                     comparison. The new system also
                                     special attention to be given to
                                     spelling habits, and the topic that
a letter
                                     addressed. Even with this more
                                     system, a Questioned Documents
Examiner still
                                     studied the hand writing or
printing methods of
                                     the associated letters looking for
a stronger
                                     connection.
                                     The Laboratory's current ALF
system, updated
                                     in the 1990s, is even more
advanced. Instead of
                                     capturing an image of a letter by
video camera,
                                     images are scanned onto a computer
hard drive
                                     with back-ups made on compact
                                     Comparison is then conducted based
on target,
                                     method of preparation, and content.
                                     The associations that result from
ALF searches
                                     can prove invaluable in FBI and
other law
                                     enforcement investigations.
Frequent topics of
                                     anonymous letters include bomb
                                     environmental concerns, abortion
politics, and
                                     gun control.

@_date: 2001-10-03 13:15:37
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Man arrested in burning of U.S. flag 
Looks like the fundamentalists won...
Man arrested in burning of U.S. flag
                  Associated Press
                  Last updated 04:40 PM, EST, Tuesday, October 02, 2001
                  inscmsfonsrctdrccw
                  NOBLESVILLE, Ind. (AP) -- An Indiana man accused of
burning an
                  American flag behind his home has been arrested,
despite rulings from
                  the U.S. Supreme Court that have said flag-burning is
an exercise of
                  free speech.
                  David H. Stout, 49, of Noblesville was charged Monday
with flag
                  desecration and resisting law enforcement. He was
being held
                  Tuesday at the Hamilton County Jail on a $9,000 bond.
                  Stout was arrested Sunday after police found him lying
beside a
                  burning flag in an alley behind his home.
                  Indiana is among 48 states that still have a law
against flag desecration
                  on the books, even though the U.S. Supreme Court has
twice said
                  flag-burning is a constitutionally protected form of
                  Stout told a neighbor who tried to stop the burning
that he could burn
                  his flag if he wanted. The neighbor called police.
                  Stout is accused of throwing a lighted firecracker at
a police officer
                  and struggling with police when they took him into
                  Hamilton County Deputy Prosecutor Wendy Petersen filed
                  charges against Stout.
                  "Our particular statute has not been challenged,"
Petersen told The
                  Indianapolis Star. "We still have flag desecration on
the books,
                  although we may certainly come up against that
                  argument if we continue to prosecute Mr. Stout."
                  Both charges against Stout are misdemeanors, each
                  maximum penalties of one year in prison and a $5,000
fine upon
                  conviction.
                  Petersen agreed that the surge of flag-waving since
the Sept. 11
                  terrorist attacks may have created a new sensitivity
to flag
                  desecration.
                  "I can't comment on what the officers were thinking at
the time, but
                  probably a report of flag burning would be taken more
                  because of the environment," she said.

@_date: 2001-10-03 13:30:57
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: USG muscles Arab TV stations to present its view 
Note that the offending Arab TV station has a "tendency to run
interviews with analysts who argued U.S. foreign
policy had brought about the recent attacks on the
World Trade Center and  the Pentagon."
As if there were another reason.  Oh sorry, its about "democracy",
US to Qatar: rein in Al-Jazeera
 Tuesday, 2 October 2001 20:14 (ET)
 US to Qatar: rein in Al-Jazeera
 By ELI J. LAKE
  WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (UPI) -- The U.S. Embassy in Doha has filed a
 complaint to the Qatari government about the partly state-owned
 satellite network's coverage of the Sept. 11 terrorist strikes on New
 and the Pentagon, State Department officials told United Press
 Tuesday.
  Last week, U.S. Ambassador to Qatar, Maureen Quinn, delivered a
 from Washington regarding Al-Jazeera's broadcasts to Qatari Foreign
 Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jabor al-Thani.
  Quinn asked the Qataris to investigate what the United States says is
 station's tendency to run interviews with analysts who argued U.S.
 policy had brought about the recent attacks on the World Trade Center
 the Pentagon. The ambassador also expressed concern about the station's
 repeated airing of an interview with Osama bin Laden, the man the
 States says is behind the Sept. 11 attacks, State Department sources
  "They are running this thing four times a day," one State Department
 official told UPI. "It's like giving him a free forum to justify his
 with no filter."
  "All we are asking is for balanced reporting," another official said
 Tuesday. "They were airing interviews from the right of center and the
 right. There are plenty of other people who speak Arabic who have
 these attacks."
  Although Al-Jazeera is partly owned by the Qatari government, its
 editorial policy is independent, an anomaly in the state-run media
 of the Middle East. It is also the largest Arabic television news
channel in
 the world. According to the station's Washington bureau, its programs
 watched by 40 million viewers regularly.

@_date: 2001-10-03 13:38:05
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
Must've never heard of caching..
Several federal agencies have removed sensitive documents and reports
from their Internet sites following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks,
saying they want to keep the information out of the wrong hands.
The Department of Transportation has removed its national mapping system
for a variety of pipelines. The Department of Health and Human Services
yanked a report on the dangers of chemical plant terrorism. The
Environmental Protection Agency pulled information on risk-management
programs, which inform communities of dangers from 15,000 chemical
plants and other industrial facilities nationwide.
The widespread editing illustrates how swiftly federal agencies have
switched gears following the attacks. Although community activists have
lobbied for years for more access to records about nuclear plants and
other facilities, agencies now fear that such access may put the public
at risk.
"Recent events have focused additional security concerns on critical
infrastructure systems," said a note posted online by the Office of
Pipeline Safety within the Transportation Department.
"At this time, [the office] is providing pipeline data to pipeline
operators and local, state and federal government officials only."
White House officials say they have not issued a blanket order to
federal agencies to remove sensitive documents from government Web
"We would only hear about these things if we were asked to advise on
them," said E. Floyd Kvamme, co-chairman of the President's Committee of
Advisors on Science and Technology.
However, a spokesman for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission said his
agency is working closely with the White House and Department of Defense
to assure its Web site does not disclose potentially dangerous
"We have been reviewing all the information on the Web site with an eye
to removing anything that might be helpful to potential terrorists,"
said NRC spokesman Breck Henderson. For instance, if the site contained
the exact geographic coordinates of a nuclear plant, that information
would be removed, he said.
"If we're a little overzealous in removing things, if there's something
on there you really want, give us a Freedom of Information Act request,"
Henderson said.
EPA emergency coordinator Jim Makris said he personally made the
decision to remove--at least temporarily--information about
risk-management plans submitted by industrial facilities as required by
1990 amendments to the Clean Air Act.
The Risk Management Program Web site gave detailed information about
15,000 facilities, including executive summaries, emergency plans,
accident histories and chemicals used on site. That data had been on the
Internet since late 1999.
"We just wanted to get it out of the way," Makris said. "We have made no
decision that it will stay off." The information is still available to
emergency managers, firefighters and others who need it, he said.
Web security experts say the steps taken by the agencies are only "half
measures," because the material could have been previously downloaded
and saved on users' hard drives. In addition, some of the reports are
still available in paper form, said Elias Levy, chief technology officer
for SecurityFocus, a security information company in San Mateo.
"If someone really wants to get it badly, as they're assuming possibly a
terrorist would, they still would be able to get it," Levy said. "You
simply have to jump through a lot of hoops. What they're going to end up
doing is discouraging the public from obtaining the information, not
necessarily discouraging the terrorists from doing so."
The Government Printing Office, which prints most government documents
and runs a chain of stores, has not been asked to pull any books or
reports, deputy general counsel Drew Spalding said.
But Transportation Department spokesman Lenny Alcivar said reviews
similar to the one being conducted by his agency are taking place
throughout the federal government.
"This is not meant to restrict information on the part of the public,
but more importantly to allow the department and the public the maximum
protections against security threats as it can," Alcivar said.
"It's important that government, across the board, do all that it can to
heighten safety measures while at the same time continue to be as open
and responsive to the public as possible."

@_date: 2001-10-04 19:56:41
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: gargoyling the police site 
The PCC uses state-of-the-art technology to investigate
and document acts of misconduct by law enforcement
personnel. For example, we use digital video and
miniature cameras to investigate and analyze incidents
of police misconduct around the country. Using several
PC's we are a capable of processing as many as five
hundred complaints per day. We maintain a video log
of police incidents captured on tape throughout the

@_date: 2001-10-04 20:19:13
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: private US (chick!) groups using domestic surveillance tools 
The maker of police surveillance tools, OrionSci, lists a private group
"the feminist majority" as a purchaser of their "Investigations" tools.
                                 Ramsey County Sheriff's Department
                                 St. Paul, Minnesota
                                 California Department of Justice (DOJ)
                                 Sacramento, California
                                 Hayward
                                 Hayward, California Investigations
                                 Broward County Sheriff's Office
                                 Fort Lauderdale, Florida
                                 Santa Monica Police Department
                                 Santa Monica, California
                 ***           Feminist Majority Foundation
                                 Alexandria, Virginia
                                 Kansas Bureua of Investigations
                                 Topeka, Kansas
                                 Santa Ana Police Department
                                 Santa Ana, California
                                 Denver Police Department
                                 Denver, Colorado
Orion's products :
                               GangNet.
                               Comprehensive analytic tool for tracking,
retrieving, and
                               analyzing crime information collected
about gangs,
                               individual gang members, locations,
associates, field
                               interviews, and vehicles relevant to a
gang member.
                               Investigations
                               A powerful relational database with
robust parameter
                               searches. Cross reference narcotics,
street gangs, criminal
                               groups, pedophiles, missing persons, etc.
Photo lineups,
                               mug books & multi-media capable.
Investigations is
                               layered and compartmentalized for
                               Investigations III+
                               The next generation in investigation and
analytical tools.
                               This high performance system combines the
power of
                               GangNet, Investigations, and Spotlight
into one
                               comprehensive package.
                               Orion Magic
                               Provides the ability to conduct text
searches across files,
                               documents, Web pages, and databases
located anywhere
                               on your personal computer, network, or
                               ORIONMagic is not just a search tool,;
it also includes
                               analytical tools to enable you to
evaluate the results of
                               searches.
                               Spotlight
                               Unstructured text-based searching. Search
                               databases: electronic documents,
scan/OCR, word
                               processing files, newswires, Internet,
open source, SGML,
                               HTML, etc. Index and add text documents
to your
                               investigative case file.
                               H.A.T.E.
                               Hate-crime Analysis, Tracking and
Evaluation System
                               serves as a browser-based investigative
tools as well as a
                               statistical resource for analyzing bias
crimes motivated by
                               race, nationality, religion, sexual
orientation, gender, or
                               disability.
                               HiTech Crime
                               Intelligence system for tracking HiTech
Crimes. Tracking of
                               any incidents using technology including
cyber terrorism,
                               child pornography, identity theft, fraud,
etc. Parameter &
                               free-form searches. Link analysis,
routine and adhoc
                               reports.
                               JuviNet
                               Separate system for collecting
information on juvenile
                               offenders. Ability to track all
information on juveniles while
                               they are in custody and under the care of
a state ward
                               system.
                               RMS/CMS
                               Records Management System/Case Management
                               Electronic capture of all investigative
reports, text,
                               images, video, audio and forensic data.
Local creation of
                               the documents, reports and case files to
                               investigations and analytic activities.
Case Management
                               System to centralize all related
documents and
                               information in the case file. Report
workflow management
                               system from incident creation to
                               archive.
                               NarcNet
                               Narcotics tracking utilizing web based
                               Intelligence system modeled after
GangNet. for tracking
                               cases, incidents, subject and narcotics
                               information. Information about drug
seizures (type,
                               purity, value, concealment location) and
currency seizures
                               are also collected for analysis.
Automated multilevel link
                               analysis, text lookup and matrix search

@_date: 2001-10-16 12:25:35
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: .mil censor$ commerc. satellite imagery 
Military Buys Exclusive Rights to Commercial Satellite's Pictures of War
                                  Zone
               By John J. LumpkinAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Oct 16, 2001
WASHINGTON (AP) - The U.S. military is paying for the exclusive rights
to commercial satellite imagery of Afghanistan even though its own
satellites are thought to take far better pictures.
This could serve two purposes: to provide an extra eye on Afghanistan,
and to prevent anyone else from peeking at the war zone.
The images of the Ikonos satellite, among the best available to the
public, will add to those collected by military satellites and
airplanes, Joan Mears, a spokeswoman for the National Imagery and
Mapping Agency, said.
Mears declined to discuss how much the government is paying for the
pictures, only saying that the agency has paid for exclusive access to
the area involved in Operation Enduring Freedom, the military code name
for the strikes in Afghanistan.
The agency's contract with Denver-based Space Imaging Inc. began Oct. 7
and is believed to be in the multimillion-dollar range.
A Space Imaging executive said the U.S. government had recently signed a
large contract with his company, not only buying exclusive rights to the
imagery but paying for all the time that the satellite is over the
target area.
This serves to prevent anyone else from using Ikonos to take pictures of
the war zone. It also prevents Space Imaging from selling the pictures
to anyone else, which the company does with most of its imagery.
Mark Brender, executive director of government affairs and corporate
communications for Space Imaging, declined to reveal the amount of the
contract but said "it was a wonderful business transaction."
Top-of-the-line Ikonos pictures have one-meter resolution, meaning the
satellite can distinguish features on the ground one meter in size or
"You can count the cars in a parking lot, tell which are pickups and
sedans, and tell what color they are," Brender said.
Ikonos pictures can cost buyers up to $200 per square kilometer of
imagery, he said. Quick turnaround costs an extra $3,000, he said.
The resolution achieved by U.S. military satellites is kept secret, but
it is probably about 10 times better than Ikonos can provide, said
Steven Aftergood, a government secrecy analyst and intelligence expert
with the Federation of American Scientists, a Washington-based watchdog
group. He estimated military satellites can take pictures that
distinguish objects as small as 10 centimeters in size.
But buying Ikonos imagery will still serve some military purpose,
Aftergood said. U.S. military satellites and reconnaissance aircraft
cannot be over the war zone at every instant, and Ikonos could serve as
a backup. The satellite could also be used to take images where less
resolution is needed, freeing up military satellites for more detailed
work in the hunt for Osama bin Laden.
Buying exclusive rights to the pictures will keep the public - and the
Taliban and bin Laden - from knowing where the U.S. military is looking.
If a series of pictures of the airfield at Kandahar suddenly showed up
on Space Imaging's Web site, that could provide a clue to U.S. military
But the government is also denying the public the use of an important
tool for oversight of its activities, Aftergood said, noting the media
frequently buys satellite pictures of areas of news interest.
"At the moment, we're essentially dependent on the Pentagon as a sole
source for battle information and damage assessment," he said. "This
commercial imagery would provide one independent channel for assessing
the conduct of the war."
In Afghanistan, groups could also use such imagery to track the
movements of refugees and better plan food supplies for them, Aftergood

@_date: 2001-10-17 16:43:41
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: More coverage of Larry Ellison's fascism 
Choice quotes from the Man, who doesn't realize that the Constitution
protects *everyone* in the US, regardless of residency status:
                      The cards would be voluntary for all U.S.
citizens, he said
                      Tuesday. Any American without a card still could
board a
                      plane, but only after undergoing a more rigorous
                      The cards would be mandatory, however, for foreign
                      visitors, including students on visas and
non-citizens living
                      and working in the United States who now carry
                      cards,'' he said. Ellison has not offered
specifics on how
                      the estimated 8 million illegal immigrants in the
                      States might be affected.
Boycott Oracle

@_date: 2001-10-20 16:29:22
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Ridge is lying, spores are pro 
Consider these two reports: Bozo Ridge downplaying the weaponization
of the spores, contradicted by another source; and the Feebs
questioning NJ-mailbox-locals about knowing "chemists".
Makes one think the Quality is Very High and Ridge is lying.
We have always been at war with Oceania bin Laden.
In Washington, Ridge told reporters the anthrax analyzed in the United
States had not been ``weaponized,'' meaning it had not been manipulated
facilitate inhalation by potential victims.
Even so, one participant in a conference call for lawmakers said Robert
Gibbs, a Defense Department official, reported the anthrax was of
high quality'' and that ``there is an effort to downplay and not promote
abilities of the people doing this.'' The participant spoke on condition
Samantha Pae, 34, said she, her fiance, and her fiance's
mother were interviewed by FBI officers, who asked
them how long they had lived in the area and whether
they had noticed any suspicious activity or observed
vehicles with out-of-state plates. The agents also asked
them to provide their Social Security numbers, she said.
"They hit every house in the development area today,"
she said, adding that she had not seen any strange people
or unusual behavior. Charlotte Kaplan Piepszak, who has
lived in the neighborhood for 30 years, said FBI agents
asked similar questions of her.
"And then they asked if I knew any chemists," she said.

@_date: 2001-10-21 21:25:35
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: And another one bites the dust, another one down, another one 
WASHINGTON (AP) - A District of
Columbia postal worker is ``gravely
ill'' with inhaled anthrax, leading
government officials to order testing
for as many as 2,300 more mail
employees, Mayor Anthony Williams
said Sunday.

@_date: 2001-10-23 21:23:53
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Is there a subway in DC? 
And why are NYC prison^H^H^H^H^H^Hinhabitants
still taking subways?

@_date: 2001-10-24 20:04:17
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Where the torture never stops.. 
Wednesday October 24 2:24 PM ET
Pakistani Held in Attack Probe Dies in U.S. Jail
NEWARK, N.J. (Reuters) - A Pakistani arrested on immigration charges in
the U.S. probe of last month's suicide plane
attacks has been found dead in his jail cell in New Jersey, but the
cause of death is not yet known, a state official said
on Wednesday.
The body of the 55-year-old man, whose identity was not released, was
found in his cell on Tuesday at the Hudson
County jail in Kearny, said Jacob Delemos, a spokesman for the Hudson
County executive's office.
Delemos said officials administered a nasal swab on the body to test for
anthrax and the result was negative. Anthrax, a
potential germ warfare agent, has killed at least three people in the
United States this month and the government fears its
spread may be the work of those responsible for the Sept. 11 plane
He said the man was arrested on Sept. 19 ``along with others in that
aggressive approach of the FBI'' after the attacks
on the 110-storey twin towers of the World Trade Center, Washington and
Pennsylvania that killed more than 5,000
people. He said the man was being held on immigration charges.
Delemos said more than three weeks ago the man had complained of gum
pain and showed signs of gingivitis, according
to the county medical examiner. He was treated with an antibiotic
between Oct. 1 and Oct. 6.
Representatives of the FBI and the Immigration and Naturalization
Service were not immediately available to comment.
Flies all green and buzzin',
                               in this dungeon of despair.
                               Prisoners grumble and piss their clothes,
                               and scratch their matted hair.
                               A tiny light, from a window hole,
                               a hundred yards away,
                               is all they ever gets to know
                               about the regular light in the day.
                               And it stinks so bad, the stones been
                               and weepin' greenish drops.
                               In the room where the giant fire puffer
                               and the torture never stops.
                               The torture never stops.
                               Slime and rot, rats and snot,
                               and vomit on the floor.
                               Fifty yoogly soldiers, man,
                               holdin' spears by the iron door.
                               Knives and spikes, and guns and the likes
                               of every tool of pain.
                               And a sinister midget, with a bucket and
a mop,
                               where the blood goes down the drain.
                               And it stinks so bad, the stones been
                               and weepin' greenish drops.
                               In the room where the giant fire puffer
                               and the torture never stops.
                               The torture never stops.
                               The torture.. the torture..
                               The torture never stops.
                               Flies all green and buzzin',
                               in this dungeon of despair.
                               An evil prince eats a steaming pig,
                               in a chamber right near there.
                               He eats the snouts and the trotters
                               The loins and the groins is soon
                               His carvin' style is well rehearsed.
                               He stands and shouts:
                               All men be cursed!
                               All men be cursed!
                               All men be cursed!
                               All men be cursed!
                               And disagree?
                               Well, no one durst.
                               He's the best, of course, of all the
                               Some wrong been done, he done it first.
                               And it stinks so bad, his bones been
                               and weepin' greenish drops.
                               In the night of the iron sausage,
                               where the torture never stops.
                               The torture never stops.
                               The torture.. the torture..
                               The torture never stops.
                               Flies all green and buzzin',
                               in this dungeon of despair.
                               Who are all those people,
                               that he's locked away down there?
                               Are they crazy?
                               Are they sainted?
                               Are they zeroes,
                               someone painted?
                               And it's never been explained,
                               since it first it was created.
                               But a dungeon, like a sin,
                               requires not but lockin' in,
                               of everything that's ever been.
                               Look at her.
                               Look at him.
                               That's what's the deal we're dealin' in.
                               That's what's the deal we're dealin' in.
                               That's what's the deal we're dealin' in.
                               That's what's the deal we're dealin' in.

@_date: 2001-10-30 14:31:49
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Napster execs needing culling 
Napster Wants License to License
            By Michael Stroud
            2:00 a.m. Oct. 30, 2001 PST
             LOS ANGELES -- Napster CEO Konrad Hilbers says the
government should consider
            compulsory standards requiring music labels to license music
at a fair price if they
            don't close deals with Napster and other independent
            "Like any other business person, I'm hesitant to bring
government in," Hilbers said.
            "But government has an obligation to set standards. If
there's no agreement, the
            government should consider compulsory licensing."
 Compulsory licensing = theft, buddy.

@_date: 2001-10-30 21:13:10
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Quarantines, hospital seizures: Powergrab 2001 
Tuesday October 30 3:35 PM ET
        Proposed New Bioterrorism Law Prepares for
        Worst
        By Maggie Fox, Health and Science Correspondent
        WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A model bioterrorism law being
distributed to U.S. states
        and territories would help them prepare for the worst by
clearing up a confusing mass
        of antiquated rules and powers, legal experts said on Tuesday.
        Drafted at the behest of the Department of Health and Human
Services (news - web
        sites) and with the help of the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (news -
        web sites), the new law proposes ways to legally quarantine
people, confiscate
        hospitals and get quick information to doctors in case of a
bioterror attack.
States are being urged to use the law, published on the Internet at
         either as a template or to patch
holes in their own
        measures.

@_date: 2001-10-31 16:51:30
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Re: NOTAM: GA prohibited w/in 10 miles of nuke plants 
Quoth John Young:
knock out the soft-shelled control facility which regulates
cooling pumps. The reactor will do the rest just as effectively
as planes weakened the towers so they would self-destruct.
Nuclear power plants are likely a feint as well, with so
many soft-shells ready to eat<<
The reactors have such a nice chewy center that its
worth it to try to breach the crunchy shell.  Whacking the
cooling or control will take out the power generation[1]
but will not spread the spicy isotopes on the happy fun people.
[1] Creating a power deficit which might not be picked up by the Grid,
and so felt e.g., by Californians during certain seasons.
my cat has a box of bentonite.  should I turn him in?

@_date: 2001-11-30 17:28:13
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Portland police refuses to ask FBI's illegal questions 
We hereby call for publication of the list of (possibly illegal)
that the FBI wants local cops to ask the swarthies...
Now Portland Comes In for Questioning
Probe: Oregon city and its police chief catch flak for refusing to
foreigners on a U.S. list.
By LYNN MARSHALL and TOM GORMAN , Times
Staff Writers
PORTLAND, Ore. -- Even after a 32-year career with
the Los Angeles Police Department and two years here,
Police Chief Mark Kroeker says he has never
experienced the pummeling he is taking these days.
Law enforcement officers in the rest of the nation are
questioning foreigners about their possible knowledge
of terrorist activities. But Kroeker, worried about civil
rights violations, has said his officers will not join in this
task. His is the only police agency in the country to
refuse to cooperate for such reasons, according to a
spokesman for the U.S. Justice Department.
                                                             Because of
                                                             that
                                                             decision,
                                                             based on
                                                             advice from
                                                             Portland's
                                                             city
                                                             attorney,
                                                             Kroeker is
                                                             winning
                                                             plaudits
                                                             from civil
                                                             But he is
                                                             catching
                                                             flak from
                      all over the country.
                      By Thursday, City Hall computers contained more
                      1,000 e-mails. Half came from outside Oregon and
                      were, one staffer said, universally critical of
the city's
                      position. From within Oregon, 60% of the
                      mail chastises the city for refusing to aid the
                      investigation.
                      "I am appalled and embarrassed to be an
                      wrote one local man. "You . . . have completely
                      perspective and what appears to be any remnant of
                      common sense."
                      And another: "We are disgusted and saddened. . . .
                      consider the city of Portland and the state of
Oregon to
                      be a haven for terrorists. We will discontinue
                      there as a company."
                      The director of the Citizens Crime Commission said
                      worries that the city attorney's ruling besmirches
                      city.
                      "Now it's a national story: Portland isn't
                      said Ray Mathis. "It makes the city look bad."
                      Criticism also is coming from within the ranks of
                      Police Bureau. "We're embarrassed by the city's
                      decision," said Leo Painton, an officer with the
                      Portland Police Assn. "We're in a state of war,
and we
                      want to go out and do our part, to help solve the
                      murders they're investigating."
                      Chief Kroeker is reeling from the broadsides.
                      "I'm surprised by the reaction . . . and, to some
                      I feel I've been vilified," he said Thursday.
"I've never
                      experienced anything like this.
                      "I must say, it has been discouraging to hear the
                      of uninformed criticism and the lack of knowledge
                      all the work that we have done and are continuing
to do
                      to investigate terrorism," he said.
                      The uproar stems from a request earlier this month
                      U.S. Atty. Gen. John Ashcroft that law enforcement
                      agencies help an overwhelmed FBI to interview
                      5,000 men of Middle Eastern descent who have
                      entered the country in the last two years. The men
                      decline to be interviewed.
                      The Justice Department identified 23 residents for
                      questioning in Portland, a city of 503,000. The
                      state attorney general and the local district
attorney said
                      they had no problem with Ashcroft's request.
                      Corvallis, south of Portland, also is not going to
                      interview 30 Middle Eastern men identified by the
                      Justice Department. Police Chief Pam Roskowski
                      she had no legal objections to the questioning,
but that
                      her college town of 50,000 would be better served
                      police focused on active criminal investigations.
                      Portland City Atty. Jeffrey Rogers had issued an
                      opinion that, based on his reading of Oregon law,
                      of the questions were illegally intrusive if asked
                      people who were not criminal suspects.
                      Some questions deal with the subject's sources of
                      income, education and foreign travel; others focus
                      specifically on the person's knowledge of
terrorism and
                      weapons.
                      Kroeker said he has no objection to questioning
                      men, with their consent, "as a fact-gathering
                      mechanism, a search for clues. This is a perfectly
                      legitimate investigative technique."
                      But because a few of the questions "abut the law,"
                      Kroeker said his officers won't ask any of them.
                      FBI said other agencies will interview the
                      men.
                      Portland Mayor Vera Katz stands firmly behind the
city attorney and police
                      chief. "I support the president," she said
Thursday, "but for the citizens of this
                      city to say that this [refusal] is a treasonable
act--that it's OK to break the
                      law--raises tremendous concerns."
                      The city's decision is "a courageous call--and the
right call," said David
                      Fidanque, executive director of the ACLU of
Oregon. "It's good to know there is
                      a police agency in Oregon that is serious about
not only investigating terrorist
                      activity, but also is serious about protecting the
rights of innocent people who
                      may be swept up in this very broad investigation."
                      Reaction on the street was decidedly mixed
                      "My father is from Saudi Arabia and all my family
is living in New York," said
                      hairdresser Karina El Hindi, 27. "I want these
[terrorists] caught, but I don't
                      think a sweep of people who look like me or my dad
will have any effect."
                      Portland's refusal to participate, she added,
"says that all people are welcomed
                      and treated fairly here."
                      John Peters, a 23-year-old graduate student,
agreed. "I want to be safe from
                      terrorists," he said while strolling through
downtown's Pioneer Place shopping
                      center, "but if we start questioning people based
on race or national origin,
                      where does it stop, and what's left of the system
once this is all over?"
                      Others figured that now is when laws can be bent.
"The questions are probably
                      offensive, but if they save even one life or send
a signal that America is more
                      vigilant now, I think that's much more important
than a legal technicality," said
                      Judy Rader, 38, an executive assistant at a
downtown business.
                      Kroeker left the LAPD as its deputy chief in 1997.
Popular among the
                      rank-and-file, he placed second to Bernard C.
Parks for the chief's job. Under
                      Parks, he had complained to colleagues that he
felt ostracized.
                      In Portland, Kroeker bristles at the notion that
his department is not carrying its
                      weight in the fight against terrorism. "This isn't
crazy Portland politics," he said.
                      "We're just trying to do the right thing."
                      Charlie Mathews, FBI special agent in charge in
Portland, said that despite the
                      differing legal opinions, Kroeker's officers are
actively involved on his
                      35-member anti-terrorism task force. "They're our
best partners," Mathews said.
                      "I appreciate the difficult situation he's in,"
Mathews said. "His attorney has
                      given him advice and he's following it, which is
what a professional does."
                      For all the civic debate over Kroeker's position,
computer programmer Phil
                      Jarvis, 33, said he can predict the ultimate
outcome: "This will all blow over in
                      six months. Portland already has a liberal
reputation and, at the most, this will
                      just become part of that."

@_date: 2001-11-29 22:28:37
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Judges still don't understand copying 
Decryption in the
   case of CSS requires a set of "player keys" contained in compliant
   DVD players, as well as an understanding of the CSS encryption
   algorithm.  Without the player keys and the algorithm, a DVD player
   cannot access the contents of a DVD.  With the player keys and the
   algorithm, a DVD player can display the movie on a television or a
   computer screen, but does not give a viewer the ability to use the
   copy function of the computer to copy the movie or to manipulate the
   digital content of the DVD. --  JON O. NEWMAN, Circuit Judge.
Hey Judge, here's a clue: the fact that a licensed DVD player knows
a password to the content on a disk does NOT prohibit copying the
Here's another clue:
All your hollywood are belong to us; we just need the bandwidth to
swap them.  If DeCSS were wiped off the earth, licensed players would
still play swapped movies.

@_date: 2001-11-29 22:10:21
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Photog arrested for shooting nuke plant 
Vermont Newspaper Photographer Is Taken Into Custody for Taking Pictures
                             of Nuke Plant
                 By Wilson RingAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Nov 29, 2001
MONTPELIER, Vt. (AP) - A newspaper photographer was taken into custody
by police under a 1917 Vermont treason law for taking pictures of a
nuclear power plant. But a prosecutor said he will not press charges.
Jason Henske of the Brattleboro Reformer was held by Vernon police for
two hours Wednesday before being released along with his camera and the
Windham County State's Attorney Dan Davis said Thursday that after
reviewing the case, he decided not to prosecute. He would not elaborate.
Vernon police did not immediately return calls for comment.
"It makes you very angry. I think this was completely uncalled for,"
said Henske, 26.
The paper said it would use the photos Friday for a story about security
at the Vermont Yankee plant - a move the prosecutor said would be
"The security at Vermont Yankee and some of the other power plants in
the state, dams, and hydroelectric generating facilities have been a
concern for law enforcement as potential targets for terrorists," Davis
said. "I think police in certain situations are justified in trying to
protect citizens from incidents which may occur at those facilities."
The treason law was passed during the opening days of U.S. involvement
in World War I. It was intended to protect railroads and other public
facilities during wartime. The offense carries up to 10 years in prison.

@_date: 2001-11-29 18:54:52
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Publicizing CDC officials' home phone nos, stalking 
poorly excerpted from
San Francisco
 law
 enforcement
 officials
 agreed. Police
 arrested
 Michael
 Petrelis and
 ACT UP San
 Francisco
 spokesman
 David
 Pasquarelli on charges of criminal
 conspiracy, stalking and making
 terrorist threats against newspaper reporters and public health
officials. The pair,
 who are allies, are accused of calling reporters and health officials
at home
 repeatedly past midnight, making threats and leaving obscene sexual
 Together, they are charged with 27 felonies and misdemeanors.
                      Both men have acknowledged making or encouraging
late-night calls, sometimes
                      using foul language, but have denied making
threats. They cite the need for a
                      "new phase of activism" to combat what they call
false public health studies and
                      biased news articles that have scared the gay
community and discouraged gay
                      sex.
                      "I did not make any death threats. I did not make
any bomb threats," Petrelis
                      said. "Was I using abusive language? Well, yeah."
                      The men were held in lieu of $500,000 bail.
                      Petrelis has acknowledged publicizing the home
phone numbers of top officials
                      at the federal Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention in Atlanta. And, on
                      posters and the ACT UP San Francisco Web site,
Pasquarelli's group has
                      superimposed swastikas and other Nazi insignia on
a picture of a top San
                      Francisco public health official, Dr. Jeffrey
Klausner, calling for his ouster.

@_date: 2001-11-29 18:12:11
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: how voluntary this really is 
What's next, a voluntary arab visitor DNA database?
from Detroit Free Press reported on an Immigration and
Naturalization Service memorandum that said those who
were interviewed could be held without bond if
investigators developed an interest in them.
The memorandum, dated Friday, was written by Michael A. Pearson,
executive associate
commissioner of the immigration service, and was sent to all regional
offices. It said
requests by the Federal Bureau of Investigation "to detain immigration
violators under `no
bond' should be honored and will be handled in the same manner as all
prior cases with a
direct nexus to the Sept. 11 investigation."
Noel Saleh, an immigration lawyer with many Arab clients, said of the
memorandum, "It
just confirms our suspicion that what they've been saying was to be a
friendly encounter is   not going to be a friendly encounter."
"I think it is going to make some people not even show up," he added.
"Then they will go
looking for them. And then we will see how voluntary this really is."

@_date: 2001-11-26 17:44:14
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Health bill endangers civil rights 
Health bill endangers civil rights
                 The administration wants all 50 states to
                 adopt a law allowing public health
                 authorities to take over hospitals, seize
                 drug supplies, quarantine people exposed to
                 infectious pathogens, draft doctors to treat
                 them, force patients to be vaccinated, and
                 order police to restrain residents from
                 leaving contaminated areas.
                 Civil rights protections, however, are
                 exactly what opponents find lacking. The
                 kind of public health emergency that would
                 trigger extraordinary powers for health
                 officers is defined so broadly that it could
                 include AIDS, HIV infection or a severe flu
                 epidemic, said Tanya Ehrmann, director of
                 public policy at the activist group AIDS
                 Action in Washington, D.C.
                 Annas said that under the legislation,
                 people could be detained without a court
                 order and isolated in stadiums or clinics
                 without an adequate process to challenge
                 the decision. The proposed law would also
                 shield health officers from liability, along
                 with anyone working at their direction, for
                 deaths or health damage suffered by
                 quarantined bioterror victims, he said.
                 Under the measure, "if you kill people or
                 hurt them, that's tough," said Annas, one
                 of 10 New England health law scholars
                 urging Thompson to change the draft law.
                 "The families can't sue, nobody can sue."

@_date: 2001-11-07 17:20:47
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Microsoft scripting and other "repulsive garbage", redirection 
This is perhaps the most amusing part:
"My computer has been totally taken over by disgusting porn ads," Martha
Nichols, a secretary in
            Chicago, said. "A few months ago the browser began
spontaneously opening up to a dozen
            windows displaying triple-X-rated ads every time I entered a
website address that couldn't be
            found. I have five kids, and they were being exposed to this
repulsive garbage. I finally had to
            switch to Netscape to stop the ads."
            Nichols said that she had never downloaded any programs from
adult websites, or even visited such
            websites.
            "I don't want to sound like a prude, but I just don't do
that sort of thing online. And the computer
            is in our living room, so I know the kids didn't do it

@_date: 2001-11-06 17:45:28
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: "So this freedom is useless" 
From the "they don't get it" department:
Brig. Gen. Khieu Sopheak said that although Cambodia's 1993 constitution
protects the right to freedom of expression, "this kind of freedom of
expression runs counter to the tendency of the international community
and the interests of our country. So this freedom is, we can say,
What's he repealing his nation's freedom of speech about?  T-shirts.
Clearly this cambodian twit needs to be harvested by cambodians.

@_date: 2001-11-06 14:01:32
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Dutch Police DoS Stolen Cell Phones With SMS 
Dangerous precedent, eh?
Dutch Police 'Bombard' Stolen Cell Phones With SMS
  By Andrew Rosenbaum, Special to Newsbytes
  AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS
  05 Nov 2001, 9:30 AM CST
  The Amsterdam police have been using short messaging system
  (SMS) missives to block the use of stolen cell phones, and while the
  campaign has been successful, mobile providers are concerned
  about the cost and bandwidth strain of the campaign.
  About four months ago, the Amsterdam police began cooperating with the
  telecommunications provider, KPN Telekom. When stolen phones are
reported, the
  police asked KPN to use for the phone to locate the telephone number.
Then, every
  three to five minutes, the police sent SMS messages to the telephone
  "Warning, this is a stolen telephone, using it is against the law 
stealing it is a
  felony."
  The police send the repeated messages
  to an average of five phones every day.
  And, according to a spokesman for the
  law enforcement agency, the tactic is
  working. After conducting a three-month
  experiment with the SMS messaging,
  police found that illicit telephone theft
  declined by more than half compared to
  the average theft for the period.
  "When the stolen phone is bombarded
  with tough SMS announcements, it's not
  such a nice thing to have," says Ellie
  Florax, a spokeswoman for the
  Amsterdam Police.
  Pleased with these results, the
  Amsterdam police want to continue the program, but KPN is hesitating,
according to
  KPN spokeswoman, Caroline Ubachs. "There are some financial and legal
issues that
  have to be resolved," Ubachs says.
  First, the spokeswoman explains, KPN has to dedicate a certain amount
of staff,
  computer time and bandwidth to both locating the phone numbers of
these phones,
  and providing them to the police. "That costs a considerable amount,"
says Ubachs,
  who declined to say how much.
  KPN wants all the other mobile phone service providers to participate
in the
  campaign as well. But those that the police have approached so far say
they do not
  have the technology to locate phone numbers based on cell phone IDs.
The Ministry
  of Justice now is working with the other providers to help them gear
up for the
  move.
  Then there is an unresolved legal issue: it isn't clear, under Dutch
law, whether
  police should be obliged to obtain warrants for these SMS
"bombardments." Some
  Dutch civil libertarians suggest the campaign might be illegal under
data protection
  laws.
  "It is almost certain that this would be the case in many countries,"
says Ubachs.
  Police spokesperson Florax insists that this is "a technicality which
can easily be
  solved," but KPN wants lawyers to study the issue before it decides to
continue the
  campaign.
  "With this strategy," says Florax, "we believe we can practically
eliminate cell phone
  theft in this city."
  Reported by Newsbytes.com,

@_date: 2001-11-06 13:54:44
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: network topology and covert networks 
More from A covert network must meet three competing goals...
       1.Establish efficient communication and information flow within
and between many cooperating cells by minimizing path
          length throughout the network.
       2.Limit discovery and monitoring of the network from outsiders by
minimizing the number of communication links in the
          network.
       3.Limit damage when a node is discovered or removed from the
network by minimizing the number of direct ties each
          node has.
     Because of these constraints, covert networks have a different
topology than normal social networks. Illegal networks tend to
exchange efficiency for secrecy.

@_date: 2001-11-06 13:40:31
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: NBC, ABC and CBS sic feds on Replay TV 4000 
Networks Suing Super VCR Associated Press
Three major television networks are suing the maker of the first
personal digital video recorder, saying the ReplayTV 4000 lets people
make and
distribute illegal copies of television programs.
NBC, ABC and CBS filed a lawsuit Wednesday in federal court in
California against Sonicblue, claiming the ReplayTV 4000 would violate
their copyrights by allowing users to distribute copies of programs over
the Internet.

@_date: 2001-11-02 16:32:28
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: All your youth are belong to US 
THE WORLD & NATION
Bill Could Boost Recruiting at Schools
Privacy: Federal measure would force high schools to give names,
and phone numbers to the military.
By RICHARD LEE COLVIN, TIMES EDUCATION
U.S. high schools would be required to aid military
recruiters by turning over the names, addresses and
telephone numbers of their students under a federal bill
that has drawn fire from educators and privacy
                      Nearly half of the schools in California and about
a third
                      nationwide restrict recruiters' access to that
                      or to their campuses, according to the Department
                      Defense. If the provision is approved by Congress
                      signed by President Bush, school districts that
fail to
                      comply could face substantial losses of federal

@_date: 2001-11-01 20:26:42
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Sony uses DMCA to harass Aibo user group 
Sony Dogs Aibo Enthusiast's Site
Courts: The company uses a controversial law to stop
owners from altering the robotic pet. Some consumers balk.
By DAVE WILSON and ALEX
PHAM, TIMES STAFF WRITERS
Sony Corp. is using a controversial U.S.
law aimed at protecting intellectual
property to pull the plug on a Web site
that helps owners of Aibo, Sony's
popular and pricey robotic pet, teach
their electronic dogs new tricks.
                      Aibo owners are outraged, and hundreds
                      have vowed to stop buying Sony
                      products altogether until the company
                      backs off. Sony has sold more than
                      100,000 Aibos worldwide since 1999, at
                      prices ranging from $800 to $3,000.
                      The dogs have spawned a community
                      of enthusiasts who fuss over the
                      mechanical marvels as if they were real
                      canines.
                      Last week, Sony executives sent a letter
                      to the operator of a Web site,
                       alleging that
                      much of the site's contents-programs
                      and software tools that can modify the
                      Aibo's behavior--was created and distributed in
ways that
                      violate the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. The
1998 law
                      was designed to combat the duplication of
digitized materials,
                      which can be easily distributed instantaneously
worldwide on
                      the Internet. Violators can face monetary damages
and even
                      prison time, depending on the nature of the
violation. In a
                      prepared statement, Sony officials said they asked
only for
                      removal of material it considered illegal and
encouraged the
                      distribution of Aibo-related materials that they
did not believe
                      infringed the company's rights.
                      Sony sells a number of software kits, usually for
about $150,
                      that allow Aibo users to modify the dog's
behavior. The
                      software tools removed from the Web site are
easier to use and
                      more powerful, according to users--and are
available for free.
                      "We do not support the development of software
that is
                      created by manipulating existing Sony Aibo-ware
code, copying
                      it and/or distributing it via the Internet," the
company said.
                      "This is a clear case of copyright infringement,
something that
                      most Aibo owners can appreciate and respectfully
                      Critics of the DMCA say the law upsets the
delicate balance
                      between the rights of copyright holders to protect
                      intellectual property and the rights of everyone
else to use such
                      items to develop their own works. That has sparked
                      concern in Congress as scientists, librarians,
researchers and
                      consumer groups have voiced opposition to the law.
                      "On the surface, Sony appears to be using portions
of the
                      DMCA in an attempt to keep people from putting the
                      company's product to new and interesting uses,"
said Cindy
                      Cohn, legal director of the Electronic Frontier
Foundation, a
                      civil rights group. "This is exactly the sort of
thing we've been
                      concerned about."
                      Cohn said that if Congress does not act, the
courts will
                      eventually have to repair the situation. "Sooner
or later, this is
                      going to come to a head," she said. "This is a
critical societal
                      problem. If we can no longer stand on the
shoulders of giants,
                      take a cool thing somebody has made and make it a
little bit
                      cooler, progress is stunted, perhaps irreparably."
                      Bob Harting, a Santa Monica potter, has programmed
his three
                      Aibos--Sparky, Agent Aibo and Aibojangles--to
perform a
                      syncopated dance routine to Madonna's "Vogue."
                      "It's just impossible to do this sort of thing
with the Sony
                      tools," he said, as the dogs danced to the music
in his living
                      room. "I have bought every accessory made for the
Aibo, and
                      nearly every bit of equipment in my
                      VCRs, computers--is from Sony," Harting said. "But
I'm not
                      comfortable giving them more money until this is
                      The man behind Aibohack.com, who goes by the
screen name
                      Aibopet and asked to not be identified, removed
the contested
                      material from the site, leaving it largely empty
except for links
                      to other sites that have organized protests
against Sony. He
                      said he incorporates Sony's code into his programs
but that no
                      one is harmed. His programs give Aibo owners the
ability to
                      manipulate their robot dogs, but only if the user
has a legitimate
                      copy of Sony's software. He said that Sony
benefits from his
                      work because it generates consumer enthusiasm for
                      Although he's upset about being forced to take his
tools off the
                      Internet, he said he has no plans to litigate the
                      Before Aibohack.com went down, it saw 400 to 600
visitors a
                      day, many of whom downloaded Aibopet's tools. One
of the
                      programs, AiboScope, wirelessly transmits images
from the
                      robot's camera to a computer. Another, Disco Aibo,
                      Aibo to dance when it hears a specific song. The
most recent
                      program is Brainbo, which combines
                      software with a library of answers to various
questions. Users
                      can ask the robot a question, and it will pull
from the database
                      to lip sync an answer.
                      Aibopet said he has posted more than 1,500
comments, tips
                      and answers to Aibosite.com in the last two years.
                      "I guess you could call it a hobby, but it has
gotten a little out
                      of control at times. I just enjoy programming,"
Aibopet said.
                      "Looking at the last two years, I probably spent
more time
                      doing unpaid technical support for Sony than I
have playing
                      with my dog. But it's been rewarding. I've met
                      throughout the world."
                      Experts say Sony risks angering Aibo enthusiasts
to the point
                      that they might hurt sales of Aibo and related
merchandise but
                      could boost sales of its own software tools. It's
a big risk said
                      David A. Aaker, vice chairman of Prophet, a brand
                      consulting firm.
                      Other companies that have faced similar situations
have made
                      the opposite choice.
                      Lego Co., a Danish company that makes the classic
                      interlocking children's toy, introduced a
                      set in 1998.
                      MindStorms, as the kit is called, offers users the
ability to add
                      motors and an onboard computer to control the
                      behavior. Almost as soon as the toy was
                      enthusiasts rewrote the software to allow for more
                      operation. After much consideration, Lego decided
to endorse
                      such hacking, provided that nobody turns their
software into a
                      commercial product and that Lego trademarks aren't
                      "The decision wasn't easy to make," said Lego
                      Michael McNally. "We were obviously concerned that
if this
                      got out of hand, we could lose control of what we
hold as our
                      own. But we decided that if we made this easier
for them,
                      they'd be less inclined to change it and dilute
it. In a way, we're
                      protecting our own interests."
                      McNally said the decision has helped build the
                      community, but he concedes that Lego's decision
was largely
                      made to boost sales.
                      "We're like any other company," he said. "This was
                      taking the brand forward, creating a larger fan
base; and what
                      company wouldn't want to do that? It contributes
to the bottom
                      line."

@_date: 2001-11-01 20:24:10
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Bahamas biz registry suffers for lack of anonymity 
Anonymity Lifted, Fewer Companies Registering in the Bahamas
               By Samantha JosephAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Nov 1, 2001
NASSAU, Bahamas (AP) - The number of international companies registering
in the Bahamas dropped steeply following tightened regulations that
ended anonymous ownership, the attorney general says.
Only 4,148 international business companies registered to do business
between January and September of this year, Attorney General Carl Bethel
said Wednesday. Some 14,500 registered in the same period last year.
Earlier this year, the Bahamas was removed from the Paris-based
Financial Action Task Force's blacklist of countries deemed
uncooperative in fighting money laundering. To get off the blacklist and
avoid any sanctions, the Bahamas passed nine laws to strengthen
regulations in the offshore sector.
One of the new measures eliminated anonymous ownership of international
business companies, so-called shell companies, by requiring the names of
two directors and the office address on the registration.
Any loss in business, however, was worth it to improve the reputation of
the Bahamas as an international financial center, Bethel said.
"There has been some falloff in this area," he said. "But we think, on
balance, the financial services sector is better off."
Still, there are some 45,000 international business companies that
renewed their licenses this year, Bethel said.
If the registrations had been at the same level as last year, the
Bahamas would have brought in another $1.5 million in incorporation
fees. Bethel said the drop would not have a dramatic effect on the
country's overall revenues, because offshore banking and investment
services are a more economically vital sector.

@_date: 2001-11-07 18:38:49
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: All your mentally ill children are belong to us 
I think people have not quite gotten their hands around the
speed at which information can be disseminated online.
-Monica Lewinsky, LATimes 9 may 01
November 7, 2001
                      Web Mishap: Kids' Psychological Files Posted
                      By CHARLES PILLER, Times Staff Writer
                      Detailed psychological records containing the
                      secrets of at least 62 children and teenagers were
                      accidentally posted on the University of Montana
                      site last week in one of the most glaring
violations of
                      privacy over the Internet.
                      The 400 pages of documents describe patient visits
                      offer diagnoses by therapists of mental
                      depression, schizophrenia and other serious
                      In nearly all cases, they contain complete names,
dates of
                      birth and sometimes home addresses and schools
                      attended, along with results of psychological
                      Unlike a medical file left open on a counter in a
                      office, these electronic medical records, once
placed on
                      the Internet, were exposed to a potentially vast
                      "You're talking about sensitive information that
                      scar a child for life being available to anyone
for any
                      purpose," said Evan Hendricks, editor of Privacy
                      newsletter.
                      The mother of an 11-year-old, whose records of an
                      attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder were
posted on the
                      university's Web site, was appalled. "He's just a
kid, and
                      he shouldn't have his whole life splattered around
for the
                      whole world to know. It makes me sick," she said.
                      The mother declined to be identified. She recalled
attending her son's therapy
                      sessions and watched the therapist "taking notes
in her book, and [I] thought
                      maybe that was the extent of it. I guess I was
kind of naive about that."
                      The medical files were placed on the University of
Montana Web site Oct. 29
                      and were available for eight days. The files were
removed Monday after a local
                      paper, the Missoulian, reported the story,
university officials said. The records
                      were for patients at clinics mainly in Minnesota,
as well as in Montana and other
                      states.
                      A University of Montana student or technical
employee may have accidentally
                      placed these private files on the Web site,
officials said.
                      It is unclear how many people viewed these
                      The Montana case is the latest in a series of
unauthorized disclosures of medical
                      data over the Internet. Earlier this year, Eli
Lilly & Co., maker of the
                      antidepressant Prozac, inadvertently divulged the
names and e-mail addresses of
                      600 psychiatric patients in a mass e-mail.
                      Similarly, Kaiser Permanente last year sent
e-mails with confidential medical
                      information to the wrong Kaiser members.
                      "That's the danger with having all of these
electronic records," said Daniel B.
                      Borenstein, a former president of the American
Psychiatric Assn. and a UCLA
                      professor.
                      "If you push the wrong button or put something in
the wrong spot on your Web
                      site, it [can mean] immediate distribution of a
massive amount of private medical
                      information," Borenstein said.
                      Last year, a Nevada woman bought a used computer
only to find that its
                      previous owner, a drugstore, had left the pharmacy
records of thousands of
                      patients on the machine's storage drive. But the
buyer did not publicly disclose
                      the records.
                      Also last year, a computer hacker broke into the
medical records system at the
                      University of Washington Medical Center and gained
access to some 4,000
                      patient records--although these were not made
                      What sets the Montana incident apart is the youth
of the patients, the amount of
                      detail disclosed and its placement on a public Web
site that allowed complete
                      access to private records.
                      The detailed accounts by therapists reveal
children suffering from all manner of
                      emotional problems:
                      "[She] has 'extreme mood swings' and is very
aggressive with her sisters and
                      other children," read one file about an 8-year-old
girl diagnosed with autism and
                      mental retardation. "She has been cruel to
animals, . . . often refuses to eat and
                      will make herself vomit."
                      An 8-year-old boy was described as suffering from
"anger outbursts, gender
                      identity issues" and bed-wetting.
                      Raymond Ford, the University of Montana technology
manager, said the
                      incident is under investigation. "We have no
evidence that this was malicious--all
                      the evidence that we have suggests that the person
who uploaded [the patient
                      files] probably had no idea what [he was] doing,"
he said.
                      But once the records were placed on the school's
Web server, a computer that
                      manages its online files, they became available to
Internet search engines and
                      were visible to casual Web surfers who requested a
keyword contained in a
                      patient's record.
                      For example, a search for "confidential" or
"neuropsychological" turned up
                      dozens of these medical records. Those files could
then be copied to the
                      computer of any visitor.
                      Therapists whose patients were involved were
stunned by the lapse.
                      "I'm shocked. I have no idea how this can happen.
Obviously, this information
                      is confidential, and we go to great lengths to
keep it confidential," said Bonnie
                      Carlson-Green, a psychologist at Children's
Hospital in St. Paul, Minn., the
                      source of some of the patient records.
                      Ford said the university will attempt to tighten
its Web security, but that it must
                      depend on users' vigilance and care to restrict
private materials.
                      Medical records experts said the university has an
ethical obligation to inform the
                      patients' parents.
                      "The least the [university] can do is contact the
families and let them know that
                      there was this error and the steps they've taken
to correct it," Borenstein said.
                      "There should be special privacy protections for
all medical records, even more
                      special protections for disclosure of any
psychiatric records," because of a real
                      threat of discrimination against people whose
treatment for mental illness
                      becomes known, Borenstein said.
                      Borenstein fears that fewer people will seek
treatment if they think their private
                      information may be accidentally disclosed.
                      Many psychiatrists are so concerned about
inappropriate electronic disclosure of
                      medical reports that they write only cryptic
comments in patient records, trusting
                      the rest to memory, Borenstein said.
                      David Aronofsky, the University of Montana's
attorney, said accidental online
                      releases of private legal or medical information
are not unusual and are corrected
                      quickly.
                      Patients and medical institutions have not been
contacted about the release of
                      these records. They will be contacted if it seems
necessary, after the internal
                      investigation is concluded, Aronofsky said. "We're
not understating the
                      significance of what happened here, nor are we
trying to cover it up," he said.
                      Fiona Anderson, a University of Minnesota
psychologist whose patient records
                      were among those released online, said the records
may have been removed
                      against her institution's rules.
                      "As things become more electronic and more easily
accessed . . . edited and
                      altered, it's difficult for our ethical rules and
guidelines to keep up with the
                      technology," she said.
                      But such victims of accidental disclosures face
steep legal challenges to gain
                      compensation, said Peter Swire, a law professor
who was chief privacy
                      counselor for the Clinton administration.
                      Part of the problem is new, more stringent federal
standards for medical records
                      privacy will not take effect until 2003, and state
regulations vary widely.
                      Posting a private document online--no matter how
injurious it may appear--can
                      cause legal liability only if the victim can prove
damages in court.
                      "What if one of the patients has something bad
happen to him or her as a result
                      of this disclosure--if they are turned down for a
job later in life?" Swire said.
                      "This is where you are open to a [legal] suit."
                      As more medical records are stored digitally,
routine electronic disclosure to
                      insurers and health maintenance organizations has
increasingly troubled some
                      clinicians and privacy advocates, although such
transfers are legal and often
                      required for provider reimbursement.
                      Paul Appelbaum, president-elect of the American
Psychiatric Assn., said patients
                      should be given the option of having their
information kept on paper.
                      A few health-care providers, such as the Harvard
Pilgrim HMO, offer such an
                      option.
                      The alternative for patients may be decreasing
control over their medical
                      histories.
                      Appelbaum added: "The mobility of electronic
information is almost unlimited."

@_date: 2001-11-07 22:57:42
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: (Yet more) Not getting it: DoE removes nuke info (not) 
The Energy Department stopped access to some of its Web sites containing
nuclear site information, citing concern over unusually heavy traffic.
The Department of Energy (news - web sites) has shut down
access to some of its public Web sites, citing concern over
unusually heavy traffic to online information about U.S.
nuclear sites.
Federal officials shut down the sites on Monday to try to
protect information that had been available to the public but
could be used by terrorists to launch an attack on U.S. nuclear
Funny, location info is still up; check out your state at
The Indian Point plant has two units in Buchanan, New
York, Westchester County. The plant is located on 239
acres in the east bank of the Hudson River, 24 miles north
of the New York City boundary. Consolidated Edison was
one of the first utilities to purchase their own simulator for
training the reactor operators and supervisors licensed by
the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
               Unit 2
               Operator: Consolidated Edison Co.
               Owner: Consolidated Edison Company of New York (100.0%)
               Reactor Supplier: Westinghouse Corporation
               Capacity: 941 net MWe
               Reactor Type: Pressurized water reactor
               Date of Operation: September 1973
               License Expiration date: 09/28/2013
               Electricity Produced in 2000: 1.00 billion kWh
               2000 Average Capacity Factor: 12.05%
               Unit 3
               Operator: New York Power Authority
               Owner: New York Power Authority (100.0%)
               Reactor Supplier: Westinghouse Corporation
               Capacity: 970 net MWe
               Reactor Type: Pressurized water reactor
               Date of Operation: April 1976
               License Expiration date: 12/15/2015
               Electricity Produced in 2000: 8.41 billion kWh
               2000 Average Capacity Factor: 98.66%
I think people have not quite gotten their hands around the
speed at which information can be disseminated online.
-Monica Lewinsky

@_date: 2001-11-27 16:44:17
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Michigan Asks Arabs to Come for Questioning 
Report: Michigan Asks Arabs to Come for Questioning
        NEW YORK (Reuters) - Law enforcement officials in Detroit,
seeking to
        interview hundreds of Middle Eastern men about the Sept. 11
attacks on the
        United States, are trying to do so tactfully by sending them
invitations, the
        New York Times reported on Tuesday.
        The newspaper's online edition said the anti-terrorist task
force in the Detroit
        area would send letters to about 700 young Middle Eastern men
who had
        come to the country on temporary visas in the last two years.
About 5,000
        such people are being sought for questioning nationwide.
        The Times quoted Jeffrey Collins, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern
District of
        Michigan, home to the nation's largest concentration of
Arab-Americans, as
        saying: ``The letters represent a conscious decision by our
district to initiate
        contact with the people who will be interviewed in the manner
that will be
        least intrusive.''
        Lawyers, community groups and police chiefs have complained that
        Justice Department (news - web sites)'s investigation into the
attacks was
        singling out people out based on their religion or nationality
and would be
        too time-consuming, the paper said.
        It said civil liberties advocates and Arab-American leaders
believed the use
        of letters in Detroit was a positive step toward making the
interview process
        more dignified, but were worried about the content of the
questions and the
        process of compiling the list.
        Collins did not say what authorities would do about those who
did not call,
        the newspaper said. It reported that federal authorities had
asked that all
        interviews be conducted by Dec. 21.
        The Times said a Justice Department memo told local officials to
        visitors' passports and visas; ask about visits to local
landmarks and foreign
        countries; investigate sources of income, scientific expertise
and access to
        weapons, including anthrax; and seek lists of phone numbers of
friends and
        relatives.
        ``The individual should be asked if he is aware of anybody,
        himself, who has received any training which could be applicable
to terrorist
        activities,'' said the memorandum, whose contents were disclosed
        Saturday in The Detroit Free Press.

@_date: 2001-11-29 21:59:42
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Calif's online birth records questioned (ID, privacy, etc) 
Calif. Lawmakers Question Availability of Birth Records Online
               By Jennifer ColemanAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Nov 29, 2001
SACRAMENTO (AP) - California birth records - available online through
genealogy sites - could be used to create false identity documents, a
state lawmaker warned.
But even privacy advocates admit limiting access to the public records
won't solve the problem of identity theft, or the production of fake
identification cards, such as those used by the men suspected in the
Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
State Sen. Jackie Speier said Wednesday she was appalled that California
officials sold an index of birth records dating back to 1905 to
genealogy site RootsWeb.com.
With a few clicks of the mouse, Speier demonstrated at a Senate hearing
on privacy how easily she could find information such as date of birth
and mother's maiden name for herself - and state Attorney General Bill
That information is often used by banks as identifiers for transferring
funds, she said.
The Department of Health Services sold the index twice this year for
about $900 each, officials said. The state doesn't keep records of who
buys the indices.
"The index is a public record. We are compelled to provide that
information" under the California Public Records Act, said Mike Rodrian,
chief of the DHS's center for health statistics.
Calls to RootsWeb.com by The Associated Press seeking comment were not
immediately returned.
Copies of birth certificates are available through county registrars or
through the state vital records office in Sacramento, said DHS
spokeswoman Lea Brooks.
Though the state database contains "two of the three key pieces of
information needed to commit fraud" removing the list might not reduce
identity theft, said Beth Givens, executive director of the San
Diego-based Privacy Rights Clearinghouse.
"The vast majority of identity theft cases don't involve birth
certificates. Where the birth certificate factors in is primarily where
it's used by undocumented immigrants to obtain identification," she
Speier said the fact that birth records are public "should raise some
red flags" especially following news that suspects in the Sept. 11
terrorist attacks were able to get fake driver's licenses in Florida and
Terry Francke, with the California First Amendment Coalition, said other
states have been removing public documents from the Internet following
the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
"There is a fair spate of this happening," Francke said.
In September, the U.S. Judicial Conference decided to remove online
access to federal criminal filings, saying the documents would remain
available at courthouses, but were too available on the Internet. Other
government agencies have also pulled some information off-line.
The Environmental Protection Agency no longer offers detailed reports on
chemical plants online, saying the information could be used in
terrorist attacks. The reports are still available at the agency's
The debate over whether birth records are public records should be
focused on if the documents "give the people the ability to keep an eye
on their government, or is it providing access to people's personal
information," said Gary Daniels, of the National Center Against

@_date: 2001-12-23 21:59:50
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: C4 commercial web page 
-nice pix of
a guy pulling C4 taffy
A high quality, very high velocity military plastic explosive.
Our C4 is supplied in bulk drums, in a slightly powdery form. Upon manipulation the material immediately consolidates into a rubbery fully plasticised mass which may be kneaded and pressed into any shape. The material has excellent mechanical and adhesive properties, and may be stretched into long strands without In its original powdery form the explosive may be poured into charge containers, then pressed into intimate contact with the Substantial price discounts are available on full shipping containers (16 tonnes plus). Please enquire.
UN No. 0084 - HazCat 1.1D
Packaging: 25kg bulk drums
Trade price:  ex-works UK
Stock level: Small stock held. Large quantities (500kg plus) available to order, delivery approximately 90 days.
Control Status: Very strictly controlled. Explosives authorisation and End User Certificate required
 MilSpec: MIL-C-45010A
 UK HSE Serial number: 32-A-68450
 RDX content: 91 1 1%
 Polyisobutylene plasticiser: 9 1 1%
 Moisture: 0.1% max
 Velocity of Detonation: 8092 1 26 m/s
 Density: 1.63 g/cm3
 Colour: Nominally white
 TNT equivalence: 118%
 Chemical marking for detection: Marked
 Shelf life: At least 10 years under good conditions

@_date: 2001-12-21 15:06:12
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: feds were warned, but asleep 
Published Dec 21 2001
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- When a Twin Cities flight instructor phoned the
FBI last August to alert the agency that a terrorist might be taking
lessons to
fly a jumbo jet, he did it in a dramatic way:
"Do you realize how serious this is?" the instructor asked an FBI agent. "This
man wants training on a 747. A 747 fully loaded with fuel could be used as a
The aviation student he was talking about was Zacarias
Moussaoui, who was arrested the following day and last
week was charged in a federal indictment with
conspiring with Osama bin Laden and others to carry
out the Sept. 11 attacks.
New details of how Moussaoui raised suspicions at the
Pan Am International Flight Academy in Eagan -- and
the company's eerily prescient tip -- are emerging from
the briefings the school recently gave to congressional
offices. The still-unidentified flight instructor became wary of Moussaoui immediately,
according to Minnesota Rep. Jim Oberstar and others with direct knowledge
of the briefings.
Moussaoui first raised eyebrows when, during a simple introductory
exchange, he said he was from France, but then didn't seem to understand
when the instructor spoke French to him.                  Moussaoui then became belligerent and evasive about his
                 Oberstar and other sources said. In addition, he seemed
inept in basic flying
                 procedures, while seeking expensive training on an
advanced commercial jet
                 simulator.                  Besides alerting the FBI about Moussaoui, the school's
Phoenix office called
                 the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) early this year
about another
                 student -- Hani Hanjour, who was believed to be the pilot
of the plane that
                 flew into the Pentagon on Sept. 11. The school had raised
questions about
                 Hanjour's limited ability to speak English, the universal
language of aviation.
                 An FAA representative sat in on a class to observe
Hanjour, who was from
                 Saudi Arabia, and discussed with school officials finding
an Arabic-speaking
                 person to help him with his English, said Oberstar and
others with direct
                 knowledge of the school's briefings.                  Oberstar and Minnesota Rep. Martin Sabo, who also was
briefed by the
                 school, praised Pan Am for its efforts to safeguard the
skies and for passing
                 federal authorities clues to possible terrorist activities
before Sept. 11.
                 They said that, with the benefit of hindsight, it appears
that the FBI and the
                 FAA could have responded more vigorously.
                 "From what I've heard, the school was clearly more alert
than federal
                 officials," Sabo said.
Whose more incompetent, the politicos who made
us such enemies or the feds who can't protect
against them?

@_date: 2001-12-21 14:44:45
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: US neglects to include Saudi responsibility in 'translation' of 
A new ABCNEWS translation of the Osama bin Laden videotape released last
week reveals information that may be
embarrassing to Saudi Arabia, a very important U.S. ally.  Bin Laden Hunt
Strains U.S-Saudi Relations  Excerpts of
the Bin Laden Video Weigh In  Poll: Americans Believe Toughest Battles Ahead
                    When the videotape of Osama bin Laden talking about the
Sept. 11 terror attacks was
                    released by the United States government on Dec. 13,
administration officials spoke at length
                    about the extensive effort to achieve a full and
accurate transcript.                     The translation commissioned by ABCNEWS, however,
reveals new elements that raise
                    questions about what the government left out of the
official version and why.                     The new translation uncovers statements that could be
embarrassing to the government of
                    Saudi Arabia, a very important U.S. ally. Bin Laden's
visitor, Khalid al Harbi, a Saudi
                    dissident, claims that he was smuggled into Afghanistan
by a member of Saudi Arabia's
                    religious police.                     He also tells bin Laden that in Saudi Arabia, several
prominent clerics  some with
                    connections to the Saudi government  made speeches
supporting the attacks on America.                     "Right at the time of the strike on America, he gave a
very moving speech, Sheikh Abdulah al
                    Baraak," bin Laden said on the tape. "And he deserves
thanks for that."
Sheikh al Baraak, to whom the visitor refers, is a professor at a
government university and a member of an influential
council on religious law.
"It shows that bin Laden's support is not limited to the radical side of
Islam but also among the Saudi religious
establishment," says Fawaz Gerges, professor of Middle Eastern studies at
Sarah Lawrence College. "And that is
bad news for Saudi Arabia."
US protecting foreign tyrants, but hey, gas is cheap,
and it only cost a spook, a marine's foot, a few thou newyorkers (and some
of them were traders ferchrissakes, like NYPD corpses they're divine
payback) and look at how the flag industry stimulated the economy and
enhanced trade with WTO-China Inc
another great bunch of freedom loving folks

@_date: 2001-12-21 14:36:32
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: All your MicrosoftOSes are belong to us 
All your MicrosoftOSes are belong to us
and we don't have to do squat.
WASHINGTON  Microsoft's newest version of Windows, billed as the most
secure ever, contains several serious flaws that allow hackers to steal or destroy a victim's data files across the
Internet or implant rogue computer software. The company released a free fix Thursday.
A Microsoft official acknowledged that the risk to consumers was
unprecedented because the glitches allow hackers to seize control of all Windows XP operating system software without requiring a
computer user to do anything except connect to the

@_date: 2001-12-21 14:36:26
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Utah go boom, not in the public domain 
One report currently being investigated by U.S.
intelligence officials came from Pakistani Inter-Service
                 Intelligence sources who had conducted an interrogation of
a "terrorist suspect" in early November. Under
                 "coercion," the suspect said that agents of bin Laden had
smuggled two portable nuclear weapons into the
                 United States, according to the report seen by a U.S.
government expert.
                 The government expert, who has had access to the Pakistani
investigation, said ISI provided "the highest
                 levels of the U.S. government" with materials from the ISI
interrogation including a summary of the suspect's
                 confession, which this source had seen. The summary did
not give the specific dates of the smuggling, the
                 method, or time of entry. The suspect said only that the
smuggling had been carried out, the U.S.
                 government expert said.
                 The sources of the report "were current ISI officers who
had kept contact with U.S. counterparts" they had
                 known from the 1980s, this U.S. government expert said.
The summary was accompanied by "collateral" or
                 supporting documents, he said. The package was given to
senior U.S. officials in mid-November.
                 The ISI had not rated the report's credibility but felt it
important enough to alert the U.S. government, this
                 source said.
                 "What was disconcerting about the (suspect's) information
was that he knew details of the activation of the
                 weapons and their construction that are not in the public
domain," the U.S. expert analyst said.
"Coercion" is a nice word for raping his wife?

@_date: 2001-12-20 21:22:50
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: how to subpeona Quest for ISP records 
[Found on Morpheus as "WritingSubpeonas.pdf",
not found on cryptome's search, so here it is]
How to Write Subpoenas
Kathy Hines, Manager - Security Services
Qwest Law Enforcement Internet Security Seminar
Qwest Internet Solutions
Minneapolis, MN
October 19, 2000
 Examples of subpoena problems
 Examples of well written subpoenas
 Child Pornography
 Available Information
 The Security Technical Analyst Team
Botched userids - they were
probably forged anyway. Please provide address, phone number, billing
information, and connection records for the
userid john a peterson  s west. net for 7/ 23
- 7/ 30/ 2000.
 Legitimate userid formats would be:
john. peterson@ uswest. net or
john_ peterson@ uswest. net.
 Please provide address, phone number, billing
information, and connection records for the
userid h@ ckez 133  s west. net for
8/ 19/ 2000. Can not have two @ symbols in an
e- mail address.
Occasionally it makes sense to issue a
subpoena with a userid as evidence.
 Please provide connection records and caller- id
for the userid larryboy@ qwest. net for 12: 01
a. m. on 9/ 17/ 2000 through 11: 59 p. m. on
9/ 17/ 2000 MDT.
 The criminals had stolen a car that contained
computer equipment and used one of the laptops
to connect to the Internet. The police were
looking for the caller- id of the accounts
connections on 9/ 17.
Stolen car with a laptop in it.
Send me everything for the last
 Please provide all subscriber information from
1995 through the present for IP address
216. xxx. xx. 227; also referred to as
cxxppp227. ptld. uswest. net.
Grand Jury Subpoena
Send me everything but the
kitchen sink. Please provide all subscriber information for
candigirl, including, but not limited to, true
name, date of birth, SSN, address, all phone
numbers, credit card numbers, connection logs,
e- mails, chat sessions, web sites visited, and
connections to other ISPs.
 We have the customers account information but
not everything theyve ever done on the Internet.
Send me the kitchen sink too!
Preservation of Evidence Request
This letter is to request that Qwest Communications
take all necessary steps to preserve any and all records
and any other evidence in its possession pending the
issuance of a court order or other legal process in
regard to all telephone and Internet conference
connection information on September 11, 2000 between
8 pm through 4 am Pacific Standard Time (PST). This
request also covers preservation of all records,
including call details, for the Qwest connection
telephone number (111) 222- 9999 during the above
period of time.
Typo the IP address and we can
start an international
 The IP address 63.14.69.108 is for a qwest. net
 The IP address 63.147.69.108 trace routes
through a uu. net connection.
 The IP address 163.14.69.108 trace routes
through an att. net connection.
 The IP address 263.14.69.108 does not exist.
No IP numbers go over 255.
A very well written subpoena.
information about the subscriber to IP address
216.161.69. xxx, account holders name, address,
phone number, and connection records for this
ISP account. The intrusion occurred on Sat. 12
Aug. 2000 at 22: 54: 59 hrs. to Sat. 12 Aug.
2000 23: 30: 20 hrs. C. D. T.
I dont have to play guessing games with
any of this data.
Another good subpoena.
Please provide all available account information
for IP address 63.1xx. 69. xxx on 8/ 16/ 2000 from
11: 56 a. m. to 12: 18 p. m. MST including any
and all screen names and E- mail addresses along
with telephone numbers of the account holder,
any caller ID information maintained for any
connection made from this account including
true names and addresses.
I wont have additional screen names,
but I can provide the rest of the data.
Subpoena Submission Process
 Qwest uses the C T Corporation as a receiving agent
for subpoenas
 C T Corporation has offices in all 50 states - use the
one in your state to send subpoenas to Qwest
 Address the subpoena to Qwest Communications
 The Minnesota address for C T Corporation is
C T Corporation System
405 Second Avenue, South
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55401
Copyright Qwest Internet Solutions, 2000
Available Information
 We do not keep copies of our customers e- mail
 We do not monitor our customers Internet traffic
 We do not surf through our customers web pages
looking for offending material
 We strive to maintain our computer logs for one
 We can provide name, address, telephone
number( s), and secondary userids for an account
 We have, in the past, retained copies of customers
current e- mail when provided with a court order
Security Technical Analyst Team
 We currently have seven people on the team
 They handle approximately 11,000 e- mail
complaints from the Internet to abuse@ qwest. net
each month
 They have fulfilled approximately 130 subpoenas
so far in 2000
 They have fielded several warrants, court orders,
and one vacate court order
 They handle about 100 calls per month regarding
subpoenas destined for Qwest, hacking incidents,
Denial of Service attacks, and questions concerning
account deactivations

@_date: 2001-12-19 18:22:43
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Academic freedom dead in Fla 
Wednesday December 19 12:19 PM ET
        South Fla. Professor May Be Fired
        By VICKIE CHACHERE, Associated Press Writer
        TAMPA, Fla. (AP) - University of South Florida's trustees agreed
Wednesday a
        Palestinian professor linked to known terrorists should be fired
for disrupting
        university operations.
        Sami al-Arian, a tenured computer science professor at the
public university, has
        been the subject of continuous death threats because of his
support for anti-Israeli
        interests. Al-Arian's appearance on a national television talk
show after the Sept. 11
        attacks prompted a stream of threats against him and the
        Al-Arian has been on paid leave as a security risk since, but in
recent weeks his
        continued employment has prompted alumni and university donors
to withdraw their
        support, university President Judy Genshaft said.
        Genshaft has the power to dismiss Al-Arian and has advocated the
move, but she
        sought guidance from the trustees before proceeding. The next
step would be a letter
        of notice of the pending dismissal that would give him 10 days
to respond.
        Al-Arian, who has been at the school since 1986, was not
immediately available for
        comment, according to staffers at an Islamic school and
community center that he
        runs.
        The recommendation prompted concern that academic freedom was
        threatened and Al-Arian was being fired because of his unpopular
        Al-Arian once headed an academic think tank on Islamic issues,
World and Islam
        Studies Enterprises, later connected to fund raising for the
Palestinian Islamic Jihad.
        His brother-in-law, Mazen al-Najjar was jailed for three years
on secret evidence as
        a threat to national security.
        The think tank was raided by the FBI (news - web sites) in 1995
and its assets were
        frozen. Another former head of the think tank, Ramadan Abdulah
Shallah, left it in
        1995 and resurfaced as the head of a terrorist organization, the
Palestinian Islamic
        Jihad.
        Al-Arian has never been detained or charged with a crime, but
the institute and a
        related charity for Palestinians had been accused by the FBI and
Immigration and
        Naturalization Service agents of being a fund-raising front for
        He was videotaped at some of the institute conferences a decade
ago rallying the
        crowd with shouts of ``death to Israel.'' He now says he was
making a political
        statement regarding the Israeli occupation of the West Bank and
what he considers
        Israeli oppression, not advocating deaths of people.
        Al-Arian appeared on a Sept. 26 segment of Fox News Channel's
``The O'Reilly
        Factor'' and was questioned about his links to known terrorists
as the television
        screen displayed the university's logo. A barrage of threats by
telephone and e-mail
        the next day forced university police to shut down the computer
science department
        where Al-Arian worked, a day later he was banned from campus.

@_date: 2001-12-18 15:42:49
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Happy Eid al-Fitr, NYC 
Fire Breaks Out at St. John the Divine, Largest Church in United States
               By Alan ClendenningAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Dec 18, 2001
NEW YORK (AP) - Fire broke out Tuesday morning at the historic Cathedral
of St. John the Divine, with flames shooting from the Episcopal church
that has been under construction for more than a century.
Part of the roof of an adjoining three-story gift shop caved in but no
injuries were reported.
The Christmastime fire, which was brought under control within 2 1/2
hours, was largely contained in the main cathedral area, according to
fire officials, who said they expected widespread smoke and water
damage. The cause of the blaze was under investigation.
Up to 200 firefighters were called to the scene at about 7 a.m., an hour
before the first Mass of the day at the world's largest gothic
cathedral. Smoke poured from the gift shop, and scores of onlookers
stood by.
"There were clouds of black smoke 40 feet high. The winds were blowing
it all over the place," said Juan Cruz, a mechanic who saw the fire on
his way to work at nearby Columbia University.
Just a coincidence, I'm sure.

@_date: 2001-12-18 15:38:16
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Saudi Violence in the US 
Saudi Princess Charged With Beating
ORLANDO, Fla.  A Saudi princess has been charged with beating her
servant and pushing her down a flight of stairs.
Princess Buniah al-Saud, the niece of King Fahd of Saudi Arabia, was
held without bond at the Orange County Jail for allegedly beating Memet
Ismiyati, her Indonesian maid.
Al-Saud, 41, could get 15 years in prison if convicted of felony
aggravated battery.
Neighbors called 911 Friday after Ismiyati, 36, ran crying from the
apartment she shared with the princess. She told deputies al-Saud beat
her, hit her head against a wall and pushed her down a flight of stairs,
leaving her unable to walk.
"When we talked to her (Ismiyati) through an Indonesian interpreter and
saw the extent of her injuries, we upgraded the charges to a felony,"
said Orange County Undersheriff Malone Stewart.
Ismiyati was treated at a hospital and released.
When deputies went to the princess' apartment Friday, she denied
striking or pushing the maid, the Orlando Sentinel reported in Tuesday's
The Saudi Embassy in Washington, D.C., said the princess had diplomatic
immunity. But the Immigration and Naturalization Service said al-Saud
failed to follow proper procedures by not notifying them of her
itinerary in America, thereby leaving her without diplomatic immunity.
The princess has been living in Orlando while studying English at the
University of Central Florida.

@_date: 2001-12-17 19:59:41
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: worms getting smarter 
re Goker (w32.goker.a
How it works
Goker arrives as e-mail with one of the following subject
                                  If I were God and didn't belive in
myself would it be
                                  blasphemy
                                  The A-Team VS KnightRider...who would
                                  Just one kiss, will make it better.
just one kiss, and we
                                  will be alright.
                                  I can't help this longing, comfort me.
                                  And I miss you most of all, my
                                  ...When autumn leaves start to fall
                                  It's dark in here, you can feel it all
around. The
                                  underground.
                                  I will always be with you sometimes
black sometimes
                                  white ...
                                  ...and there's no need to be scared,
you re always on
                                  my mind.
                                  You just take a giant step, one step
                                  The air will hold you if you try,
trust my wings of
                                  desire. Glory, Glorified...
The body of the e-mail contains one or more of the following:
             Happy Birthday
             Yeah ok, so it's not yours it's mine :)
             The horizons lean forward, offering us space to place new
steps of change.
             I like this calm, moments before the storm
             Darling, when did you fall...when was it over?
             Will you meet me...and we'll fly away?!
             You should like this, it could have been made for you
             speak to you later
             They say love is blind...well, the attachment probably
proves it.
             Pretty good either way though, isn't it?
             still cause for a celebration though, check out the details
I attached
             This made me laugh
             Got some more stuff to tell you later but I can't stop
right now
             so I'll email you later or give you a ring if thats ok?!
             Speak to you later

@_date: 2001-12-08 14:36:42
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: judge, law ignored by INS 
Muslim behind bars, despite a judge's order
A Turkish Muslim from White Plains, N.Y., held in a New Jersey jail
for more than two weeks, remains behind bars, despite a judge's
order that he be released.
Atila Kula, a 27-year-old former computer student, was picked up
by the FBI on Nov. 20, and questioned about the September 11
terrorist attacks.
Kula's lawyer Kerry Bretz insists his client has no knowledge of the
incidents. Bretz, who is based in New York, says Kula was likely
singled out when the Immigration and Naturalization Service
conducted a review of soon-to-expire student visas. Kula finished
classes at Baruch College on October 17.
Unlike other foreign nationals detained by the government, Bretz
says, Kula was legally in America. Students are permitted to stay
60 days after classes end.
Kula's wedding--which was to have been December 1--would have
made him eligible for a work permit.
                      This week, in a hearing closed to the public, an
immigration judge
                      ordered Kula immediately released. But when
immigration lawyers
                      said they intended to appeal the decision, the
judge's order was
                      automatically stayed, and Kula was sent back to
                      Immigration officials say they cannot discuss the
specifics of Kula's
                      case; they will say only that they have not picked
up people
                      randomly and do not appeal cases without good
                      Russ Bergeron, an INS spokesman, says that
detainees' rights
                      have not been abridged. He also noted that Kula
could get
                      married in jail. Last week, Denise Cordovano,
Kula's fiancee,
                      asked for just such a ceremony. The local sheriff
turned her down.

@_date: 2001-12-07 17:58:44
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: US adopts piracy as policy 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -
U.S.-led forces have warned
shippers to cooperate with
maritime searches for al Qaeda fighters fleeing Afghanistan
(news - web sites) by sea or risk being sunk, defense
officials said on Friday.
        The U.S. Fifth Fleet and coalition forces are monitoring
        commercial vessels in the North Arabian Sea, ``particularly
        those operating off the Pakistani coast'' in the hunt for
        Saudi-born extremist Osama bin Laden (news - web sites)
        and members of his al Qaeda network, as well as fighters of
        the collapsing Taliban militia that formerly ruled
        Afghanistan, a defense official said.
        ``Anyone suspected of assisting or transporting bin Laden
        and/or al Qaeda leadership should expect to be boarded and
        will risk the sinking or seizure of the vessel and will be
        detained and jailed,'' the defense official said.

@_date: 2001-12-06 22:02:33
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: speak against the US, get investigated in AU 
Shock as columnist investigated for un-American activity
Phillip Adams, defender of the rights of man, is in an unexpected spot
of bother, Pilita Clark reports.
It sounds too strange to be true.
Warren Beeby, the group editorial manager of News Ltd, publisher of The
Australian newspaper, says he can barely
believe it himself.
But yesterday he confirmed that one of the paper's better-known
columnists, the ABC broadcaster Phillip Adams, is
under investigation for alleged racial vilification by the Human Rights
and Equal Opportunity Commission.
Adams is such a vigorous opponent of racism, discrimination and all
manner of oppression that the Prime Minister once
famously urged the ABC to find a "right-wing Phillip Adams" to balance
its political output.
But Mr Beeby said an American citizen had complained to the commission
over a column Adams wrote in October
about Australia's "blank cheque" support of the United States's war
against terrorism.
In the column, Adams argued that US history was replete with racial
violence at home and flawed foreign policy abroad,
including the bombing of Cambodia, complicity with the Pinochet regime
in Chile and one-time support for Iraq's
Saddam Hussein.
"If Australia is to be a true friend of the American people, we must try
to rein them in, not urge them on," he wrote.
"The US has to learn that its worst enemy is the US."
Mr Beeby said the commission wrote to News Ltd in late November asking
for a response to a complaint it had received
about Adams and the column.
"We're in the process of replying on behalf of the newspaper and Phillip
is in the process of thinking what he will say as
well," he said.
Mr Beeby first raised the complaint, without naming Adams, in a speech
on press freedom to the Commonwealth Press
Union earlier this week.
He told the Herald yesterday he found it hard to believe the commission
could take such a complaint seriously. "I've
never heard of an American being racially vilified before. I think this
is one of the great tragedies of our time."
He said it was of deep concern to all Australian media organisations
when bodies such as the commission used their
powers to stifle debate critical to the public interest, such as Adams's
"It was a clinically argued case, whether you agree with it or not, and
an important part of the debate about what is
going on, and suddenly it's racial vilification of Americans."
A spokeswoman for the commission said it never commented on complaints
before it. "All I can say is the normal
procedure for complaints is to ask for a response [from those being
complained about]. We would then examine the
complaint and if it is lacking in substance we would terminate it."
Phillip Adams could not be reached last night.

@_date: 2001-12-06 19:11:33
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: multicasting w/ cell phones (Acad ref) 
Integrated Multicast for Ad-Hoc Networks
The IMAHN project is investigating multicast protocols in ad-hoc
Ad-hoc networks are collections of mobile nodes communicating using
wireless media, without any fixed infrastructure.
Conventional routing is inadequate in these scenarios, as the mobility
aspect can cause rapid and frequent changes in
network topology. Moreover, each mobile host must be able to act both as
a network router and an endpoint, because
limited transmission ranges necessitate forwarding packets over multiple
Existing multicast protocols fall short because node mobility causes
conventional multicast trees to rapidly become
outdated. Frequent state changes require constant updates, reducing the
already limited bandwidth available for data, and
possibly never converging to accurately portray the current topology.
Instead, a stateless multicast protocol is proposed for the above
scenario. This is based on flooding the network with
packets of the multicast stream. Adaptive flooding is introduced to
enhance multicast reliability in the face of high

@_date: 2001-12-06 18:25:51
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Reichstag 2001: who's vaccinated against anthrax? hmmm.. 
country for records of workers vaccinated
against anthrax, as investigators pursue a
growing suspicion that whoever mailed the
anthrax-laden letters in New Jersey must
have taken extraordinary steps to avoid
dying in the process.<<
Gosh, there's about 150,000 vaccinated, indoctrinated
people with CBW training, too.  They're called soldiers.
The Feds are totally, desparately, impotent, when they start
chasing scientists.  Hey, maybe they can start on dem sneaky ole
*chinese* scientists that they find so appetizing in a Dreyfus kinda
skill, antibiotics and luck could have saved
the mailer from contracting the disease
without having had a vaccination.<<
Got Horse Blood Agar?

@_date: 2001-12-06 17:39:58
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Ashcroft afraid of terrorists "corrupting education" 
``They are a chilling daily chronicle of the hatred of
Americans by fanatics, who seek to .. corrupt education.."
Has the entire Cabinet gotten into JFK's cache of IV amphetamine?
Is the military trying out BZ on Seventh Day Adventists in staff?

@_date: 2001-12-06 17:33:31
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: CERT DoS'd 
National computer-security site attacked
        By Robert Lemos CNET News.com
        The Computer Emergency Response Team's Coordination Center, an
        national clearinghouse for computer-security information, came
under attack
        Wednesday, leaving its main Web site only intermittently
                             The so-called denial-of-service attack
didn't affect the group's
                             ability to push security incident
information to its members,
                             but made public access to its sites a
                             "We are working with our service providers
to resolve this
                             problem," Bill Pollak, public relations
coordinator for the
                             CERT Coordination Center, said in a
                             A denial-of-service attack can take one of
two forms: a flood
                             of data that overwhelms the Web server or
the bandwidth
                             leading to the server, or a specific
command crafted to disable
                             critical servers or Internet routers. The
CERT Coordination
                             Center (news - web sites) would not
identify which type
                             matched the attack it was suffering from.
                             The group, based at Carnegie Mellon
University in Pittsburgh,
                             Penn., coordinates the communications among
the myriad
                             response teams scattered among U.S.
universities, companies
                             and government agencies.
                             It has public Web sites to inform both
members and
                             non-members of threats but also has private
networks capable
                             of alerting members to high-priority
                             incidents.
                             Officials at the CERT Coordination Center
would not give
                             details of the attack but earlier
acknowledged that such attacks
        are not uncommon. In May, the group suffered a similar attack.
        "We get attacked every day," Richard D. Pethia, director of the
Networked Systems
        Survivability Program at Carnegie Mellon's Software Engineering
Institute, said in a
        May interview. "The lesson to be learned here is that no one is
immune to these kinds
        of attacks. They cause operational problems, and it takes time
to deal with them."
        The CERT Coordination Center is part of Carnegie Mellon's
Software Engineering
        Institute.

@_date: 2001-12-06 17:32:37
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: F.B.I. officials said foreigners normally did not have privacy 
F.B.I. officials said foreigners normally did not have privacy rights
        unless they have achieved permanent resident status.

@_date: 2001-12-06 17:27:06
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: state governors want to design OSes now.. 
[ If I were Bill G. I'd double the price of an OS sold to one of these
Since I'm not, but still resent these States, I hope they get all the
Windows OS
they deserve. ]
States May Ask for Unbundled         Version of Windows
By Peter Kaplan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - State
attorneys general pressing the antitrust
case against Microsoft Corp.
(Nasdaq:MSFT - news) may ask a
judge to order the company to offer a
cheaper, stripped-down version of its Windows operating
system, a source familiar with the case said on Wednesday.
The nine states still suing Microsoft are eying the requirement
as part of a proposed antitrust remedy they are scheduled to
submit to U.S. District Court Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly on
                           Requiring an ``unbundled'' version of Windows
is one of
                           several ideas the states are considering as
they try to come up
                           with sanctions that will be tougher than
those agreed to by
                           Microsoft, the U.S. Justice Department (news
- web sites) and
                           nine of the other states who have signed on
to a settlement of
                           the case.
        The draft remedy also would strike down a long list of loopholes
in the current
        settlement deal and do more to ensure that Microsoft discloses
key source code in
        Windows to other software makers, the source said.
        The draft also contains a provision that would require Microsoft
to include Sun
        Microsystems Inc.'s (Nasdaq:SUNW - news) Java programming
language in its new
        Windows XP (news - web sites) operating system and ensure that
its Office software
        is compatible with other software platforms, the source said.
        Microsoft had included Java in its operating system for years
but dropped it from
        Windows XP because of legal problems with Sun Microsystems.
        Lawyers representing the hold-out states held meetings today
with antitrust experts
        and industry officials to get feedback on a draft remedy
proposal, sources said.
        'GETTING AN EARFUL'
        ``They're getting input from lots of different players, and
they're getting an earful,''
        the source said.
        The hold-out states are California, Massachusetts, Connecticut,
Iowa, Florida,
        Kansas, Minnesota, West Virginia and Utah.
        Representatives of those states declined to comment on what kind
of remedy they
        will propose.
        In addition, the draft remedy proposal would require
Kollar-Kotelly to appoint a
        ``special master'' to oversee the remedy, according to the same
        Under the current settlement, that task would go to a
three-person technical
        committee.
        ``I think they're seriously committed to getting an effective
remedy,'' said another
        source who has met with the attorneys general lawyers.
        The hold-out states will present their remedy proposal as an
alternative to the
        settlement reached by the Justice Department.
        In the settlement, Microsoft has agreed to take steps to give
computer makers more
        freedom to feature rival software on their machines. The deal
also requires the
        company to share parts of the inner workings of its Windows
operating system with
        other software makers.
        The settlement would be enforced by a three-person technical
committee and would
        stay in effect for at least five years.
        The department says the existing settlement terms are strong
enough to stop the
        company's monopolistic practices and would provide ``the most
effective and certain
        relief in the most timely manner.''
        ABUSED MONOPOLY
        A federal appeals court ordered the remedy hearings in a June 28
ruling, having
        concluded that the company abused its monopoly in personal
computer operating
        systems.
        Continuing to litigate could drag the case out for another two
years, the department
        says.
        But Microsoft rivals and some consumer groups have panned the
deal as weak and
        ineffectual. They say the agreement will not stop Microsoft from
retaliating against
        personal computer makers that promote non-Microsoft software.
        Critics also worry the settlement does not ensure that Microsoft
will allow a level
        playing field for other companies' add-on ``middleware''
products; and does not
        ensure that Windows will work well with computer servers running
        software.
        Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled a hearing for March to determine
        any--further--sanctions should be imposed against the company.
        Microsoft spokesman Jim Desler declined to comment specifically
on what might be
        in the remedy proposal on Friday. But he said the settlement
``represents a fair and
        reasonable compromise'' and that the case had been ``drastically
narrowed'' by the
        appeals court since the original ruling against the company last

@_date: 2001-12-03 16:34:49
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Reichstag Anthrax: not just greenpeace suggesting it.. 
excerpt from The preliminary analysis of the powder
shows that it has the same extraordinarily high concentration of deadly
spores as the
anthrax produced in the American weapons program. While it is still
possible that the
anthrax could have a foreign source, the concentration is higher than
any stock publicly
known to be produced by other governments.
The similarity to the levels achieved by the United States military
lends support to the idea
that someone with ties to the old program may be behind the attacks that
have killed five
people. The Federal Bureau of Investigation recently expanded its
investigation of anthrax
suspects to include government and contractor laboratories as a possible
source of the
deadly powder itself, or of knowledge of how to make it.

@_date: 2001-12-03 16:25:05
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: ashcroft still buggering freedom 
Saturday December 01 09:01 AM EST
Ashcroft Seeking to Free F.B.I. to Spy on Groups
By DAVID JOHNSTON and DON VAN NATTA Jr. The New York Times
Attorney General John Ashcroft is considering a plan to relax
restrictions on the F.B.I.'s spying on religious
and political organizations.
                      WASHINGTON, Nov. 30 Attorney General John Ashcroft
is considering a plan to relax
                      restrictions on the F.B.I.'s spying on religious
and political organizations in the United States,
                      senior government officials said today.
                      The proposal would loosen one of the most
fundamental restrictions on the conduct of the
                      Federal Bureau of Investigation and would be
another step by the Bush administration to
                      modify civil-liberties protections as a means of
defending the country against terrorists, the
                      senior officials said.
                      The attorney general's surveillance guidelines
were imposed on the F.B.I. in the 1970's after the
                      death of J. Edgar Hoover and the disclosures that
the F.B.I. had run a widespread domestic
                      surveillance program, called Cointelpro, to
monitor antiwar militants, the Ku Klux Klan, the
                      Black Panthers and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King
Jr., among others, while Mr. Hoover was
                      director.
                      Since then, the guidelines have defined the
F.B.I.'s operational conduct in investigations of
                      domestic and overseas groups that operate in the
United States.
                      Some officials who oppose the change said the
rules had largely kept the F.B.I. out of politically
motivated investigations, protecting the bureau from embarrassment and
lawsuits. But others, including senior Justice
Department officials, said the rules were outmoded and geared to
obsolete investigative methods and had at times
hobbled F.B.I. counterterrorism efforts.
Mr. Ashcroft and the F.B.I. director, Robert S. Mueller III, favor the
change, the officials said. Most of the opposition
comes from career officials at the F.B.I. and the Justice Department.
A Justice Department spokeswoman said today that no final decision had
been reached on the revised guidelines.
"As part of the attorney general's reorganization," said Susan Dryden,
the spokeswoman, "we are conducting a
comprehensive review of all guidelines, policies and procedures. All of
these are still under review."
An F.B.I. spokesman said the bureau's approach to terrorism was also
under review.
"Director Mueller's view is that everything should be on the table for
review," the spokesman, John Collingwood, said.
"He is more than willing to embrace change when doing so makes us a more
effective component. A healthy review
process doesn't come at the expense of the historic protections inherent
in our system."
The attorney general is free to revise the guidelines, but Justice
Department officials said it was unclear how heavily they
would be revised. There are two sets of guidelines, for domestic and
foreign groups, and most of the discussion has
centered on the largely classified rules for investigations of foreign
The relaxation of the guidelines would follow administration measures to
establish military tribunals to try foreigners
accused of terrorism; to seek out and question 5,000 immigrants, most of
them Muslims, who have entered the United
States since January 2000; and to arrest more than 1,200 people, nearly
all of whom are unconnected to the terrorist
attacks of Sept. 11, and hold hundreds of them in jail.
Today, Mr. Ashcroft defended his initiatives in an impassioned speech to
United States attorneys.
"Our efforts have been deliberate, they've been coordinated, they've
been carefully crafted to not only protect America
but to respect the Constitution and the rights enshrined therein," Mr.
Ashcroft said.
"Still," he added, "there have been a few voices who have criticized.
Some have sought to condemn us with faulty facts
or without facts at all. Others have simply rushed to judgment, almost
eagerly assuming the worst of their government
before they've had a chance to understand it at its best."
Under the current surveillance guidelines, the F.B.I. cannot send
undercover agents to investigate groups that gather at
places like mosques or churches unless investigators first find probable
cause, or evidence leading them to believe that
someone in the group may have broken the law. Full investigations of
this sort cannot take place without the attorney
general's consent.
Since Sept. 11, investigators have said, Islamic militants have
sometimes met at mosques apparently knowing that the
religious institutions are usually off limits to F.B.I. surveillance
squads. Some officials are now saying they need broader
authority to conduct surveillance of potential terrorists, no matter
where they are.
Senior career F.B.I. officials complained that they had not been
consulted about the proposed change a criticism they
have expressed about other Bush administration counterterrorism
measures. When the Justice Department decided to
use military tribunals to try accused terrorists, and to interview
thousands of Muslim men in the United States, the
officials said they were not consulted.
Justice Department officials noted that Mr. Mueller had endorsed the
administration's proposals, adding that the
complaints were largely from older F.B.I. officials who were resistant
to change and unwilling to take the aggressive
steps needed to root out terror in the United States. Other officials
said the Justice Department had consulted with F.B.I.
lawyers and some operational managers about the change.
But in a series of recent interviews, several senior career officials at
the F.B.I. said it would be a serious mistake to
weaken the guidelines, and they were upset that the department had not
clearly described the proposed changes.
"People are furious right now very, very angry," one of them said. "They
just assume they know everything. When you
don't consult with anybody, it sends the message that you assume you
know everything. And they don't know
Still, some complaints seem to stem from the F.B.I.'s shifting status
under Mr. Ashcroft. Weakened by a series of
problems that predated the Sept. 11 attacks, the F.B.I. has been forced
to follow orders from the Justice Department a
change that many law enforcement experts thought was long overdue. In
the past, the bureau leadership had far more
independence and authority to make its own decisions.
Several senior officials are leaving the F.B.I., including Thomas J.
Pickard, the deputy director. He was the senior
official in charge of the investigation of the attacks and was among top
F.B.I. officials who were opposed to another
decision of the Bush administration, the public announcements of Oct. 12
and Oct. 29 that placed the country on the
highest state of alert in response to vague but credible threats of a
possible second terrorist attack. Mr. Pickard is said to
have been opposed to publicizing threats that were too vague to provide
any precautionary advice.
Many F.B.I. officials regard the administration's plan to establish
military tribunals as an extreme step that diminishes the
F.B.I.'s role because it creates a separate prosecutorial system run by
the military.
"The only thing I have seen about the tribunals is what I have seen in
the newspapers," a senior official complained.
Another official said many senior law enforcement officials shared his
concern about the tribunals. "I believe in the rule
of law, and I believe if we have a case to make against someone, we
should make it in a federal courtroom in the United
States," he said.
Several senior F.B.I. officials said the tribunal system should be
reserved for senior Al Qaeda members apprehended by
the military in Afghanistan or other foreign countries.
Few were involved in deliberations that led to the directive Mr.
Ashcroft issued this month to interview immigrant men
living legally in the United States. F.B.I. officials have complained
that the interview plan was begun before its
ramifications were fully understood.
"None of this was thought through, a senior official said. "They just
announced it, and left it to others to figure out how
to do it."
The arrests and detentions of more than 1,200 people since Sept. 11 have
also aroused concerns at the F.B.I. Officials
noted that the investigations had found no conspirators in the United
States who aided the hijackers in the Sept. 11
attacks and only a handful of people who were considered Al Qaeda
"This came out of the White House, and Ashcroft's office," a senior
official said. "There are tons of things coming out
of there these days where there is absolutely no consultation with the
Some at the F.B.I. have been openly skeptical about claims that some of
the 1,200 people arrested were Al Qaeda
members and that the strategy of making widespread arrests had disrupted
or thwarted planned attacks.
"It's just not the case," an official said. "We have 10 or 12 people we
think are Al Qaeda people, and that's it. And for
some of them, it's based only on conjecture and suspicion."

@_date: 2001-12-06 16:21:22
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Delta airlines doesn't allow sick person to carry their meds 
Delta for Kicking Him off Flight Because He Was Carrying the Drug
                          The Associated Press
                         Published: Dec 6, 2001
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - A man who legally uses marijuana for
medicinal purposes is suing Delta Air Lines for kicking him off a plane
because he was carrying the drug.
Irvin Rosenfeld, a stockbroker from Boca Raton, filed suit Wednesday in
federal court, claiming the airline violated federal protections for
people with disabilities.
Rosenfeld, 48, suffers from a rare and painful bone disease and finds
relief in smoking marijuana, which is prescribed by a doctor and grown
for the government. Every day, he smokes up to 12 marijuana cigarettes
to fight tumors.
In March, he was kept from boarding a Delta flight from Fort Lauderdale
to Washington, D.C., where he was to attend a U.S. Supreme Court session
on possible expansion of medicinal marijuana use. Officials told him he
had to leave the marijuana behind or get written permission from every
state he was flying over.
Rosenfeld's attorney, Christopher Sharp, said refusing to seat his
client on the airliner was like kicking a diabetic off the flight for
carrying hypodermic needles and insulin.
"We're not putting any price tag on this, but Delta's exposure in this
is considerable," Sharp said.
Rosenfeld is one of a handful of people in the country receiving
marijuana from the federal government because of unusual diseases. He
has smoked government-provided marijuana for nearly 30 years and says
without the drug, his condition would become so painful that he could
not walk and could hemorrhage.
Under the federal Air Carriers Access Act of 1986, Delta had to specify
in writing why Rosenfeld could not board the airplane and why he was
thought to be a threat to the safety of those on board, Sharp said. The
airline did not do that, he said.
A Delta spokeswoman said she was unaware that any Americans were
permitted to smoke marijuana.
"Under federal law, marijuana is an illegal drug, and I'm not aware of
any medical use exception of the nature he claims or of any private
citizen having a right to possess it in the United States," Katie
Connell said.
Rosenfeld said that when Delta turned him away, he had to find a flight
on another airline and did not get to Washington until the following

@_date: 2001-12-08 14:47:57
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: UPI editor: dissent is like soviet propoganda 
"Views reminiscent of Soviet propaganda"
By ARNAUD DE BORCHGRAVE, UPI Editor at Large
[and press editors are never on the psyopspooks' payroll, right Arnaud?]
[and questioning ashcroft is treason..]

@_date: 2001-12-17 19:50:29
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: FBI wants worm's keycapture data 
December 17, 2001
FBI wants access to worm's pilfered data
A ROTTEN.COM EXCLUSIVE
The FBI is asking for access to a massive database that contains
the private communications and passwords of the victims of the
Badtrans Internet worm. Badtrans spreads through security flaws
in Microsoft mail software and transmits everything the victim
types. Since November 24, Badtrans has violated the privacy of
millions of Internet users, and now the FBI wants to take part in
the spying.
                         Victims of Badtrans are infected when they
receive an email
                         containing the worm in an attachment and either
run the program
                         by clicking on it, or use an email reader like
Microsoft Outlook
                         which may automatically run it without user
intervention. Once
                         executed, the worm replicates by sending copies
of itself to all
                         other email addresses found on the host's
machine, and installs a
                         keystroke-logger capable of stealing passwords
including those
                         used for telnet, email, ftp, and the web. Also
captured is
                         anything else the user may be typing, including
                         documents or private emails.
                         Coincidentally, just four days before the
breakout of Badtrans it
                         was revealed that the FBI was developing their
                         keystroke-logging virus, called Magic Lantern.
Made to
                         complement the Carnivore spy system, Magic
Lantern would
                         allow them to obtain target's passwords as they
type them. This
                         is a significant improvement over Carnivore,
which can only see
                         data after it has been transmitted over the
Internet, at which
                         point the passwords may have been encrypted.
                         After Badtrans pilfers keystrokes the data is
sent back to one of
                         twenty-two email addresses (this is according
to the FBI--
                         leading anti-virus vendors have only reported
seventeen email
                         addresses). Among these are free email
addresses at Excite,
                         Yahoo, and IJustGotFired.com. IJustGotFired is
a free service of
                         MonkeyBrains, a San Francisco based independent
                         Service Provider.
                         In particular, suck_my_prick
began receiving
                         emails at 3:23 PM on November 24. Triggering
                         automatically disabled the account after it
exceeded quotas, and
                         began saving messages as they arrived. The
following day,
                         MonkeyBrains' mail server was sluggish. Upon
examination of
                         the mail server's logs, it quickly became
apparent that 100 emails
                         per minute to the "suck_my_prick" alias were
the source of the
                         problem. The mails delivered the logged
keystrokes from over
                         100,000 compromised computers in the first day
                         Last week the FBI contacted the owner of
MonkeyBrains, Rudy
                         Rucker, Jr., and requested a cloned copy of the
                         database and keylogged data. The database
includes only
                         information stolen from the victims of the
virus, not information
                         about the perpetrator. The FBI wants
indiscriminant access to
                         the illegally extracted passwords and
keystrokes of over two
                         million people without so much as a warrant.
Even with a
                         warrant they would have to specify exactly what
                         they are after, on whom, and what they expect
to find. Instead,
                         they want it all and for no justifiable reason.
                         One of the most basic tenets of an
authoritarian state is one that
                         claims rights for itself that it denies its
citizens. Surveillance is
                         perhaps one of the most glaring examples of
this in our society.
                         Accordingly, rather than hand over the entire
database to the
                         FBI, MonkeyBrains has decided to open the
database to the
                         public. Now everyone (including the FBI) will
be able query
                         which accounts have been compromised and search
for their
                         hostnames. Password and keylogged data will not
be made
                         available, for obvious legal reasons.
                         The implications of complying with the FBI's
request, absent any
                         legal authority, are staggering. This is
information that no one,
                         not even the FBI, could legally gather
themselves. The fact that
                         they seek to take advantage of this worm and
benefit from its
                         illicit spoils, demonstrates the FBI's complete
and utter contempt
                         for constitutionally mandated due process and
protection from
                         unreasonable search and seizure. It defies
reason that the FBI
                         expects the American people to trust them to
only look at certain
                         permissible nuggets of data and ignore the rest
of what they
                         collect. One need only imagine what J. Edgar
Hoover would do
                         with today's expansive surveillance system,
coupled with the
                         new powers granted by the Patriot Act, to
appreciate the
                         Orwellian nightmare that the United States is
becoming. The last
                         thing the FBI should have is a spying Internet
worm, and it looks
                         like they've found one. Welcome to the Magic

@_date: 2001-12-21 14:35:47
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Utah go boom, not in the public domain 
One report currently being investigated by U.S.
intelligence officials came from Pakistani Inter-Service
                 Intelligence sources who had conducted an interrogation of
a "terrorist suspect" in early November. Under
                 "coercion," the suspect said that agents of bin Laden had
smuggled two portable nuclear weapons into the
                 United States, according to the report seen by a U.S.
government expert.
                 The government expert, who has had access to the Pakistani
investigation, said ISI provided "the highest
                 levels of the U.S. government" with materials from the ISI
interrogation including a summary of the suspect's
                 confession, which this source had seen. The summary did
not give the specific dates of the smuggling, the
                 method, or time of entry. The suspect said only that the
smuggling had been carried out, the U.S.
                 government expert said.
                 The sources of the report "were current ISI officers who
had kept contact with U.S. counterparts" they had
                 known from the 1980s, this U.S. government expert said.
The summary was accompanied by "collateral" or
                 supporting documents, he said. The package was given to
senior U.S. officials in mid-November.
                 The ISI had not rated the report's credibility but felt it
important enough to alert the U.S. government, this
                 source said.
                 "What was disconcerting about the (suspect's) information
was that he knew details of the activation of the
                 weapons and their construction that are not in the public
domain," the U.S. expert analyst said.
"Coercion" is a nice word for raping his wife?
