
@_date: 2009-01-27 23:29:32
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Re: bitcoin 
I've been running it for a couple of weeks now, with about 2000
Bitcoins generated (each successful generation gives 50 Bitcoins). I
wrote a somewhat tongue in cheek article on the cryptography list
estimating that each Bitcoin could be worth ten million dollars, so
this is quite a haul :). (Actually that same reasoning implies that
gold should be worth about $10K per ounce, so maybe it's not so many
orders of magnitude off.)
I have 9 connections at the moment, with my firewall forwarding. Post
your Bitcoin address and I'll see if I can send you some coins.
There's a mailing list at sf.net/project/bitcoin but it doesn't get
much traffic yet.

@_date: 2009-08-21 18:11:37
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Re: Hacker News Discovers Anonymous Digital Cash 
Reminds me I wanted to mention this story I saw in LA Times a few weeks ago:
"Local currencies cash in on recession
"Communities in North Carolina, Massachusetts, Arizona and elsewhere
print their own money to encourage shoppers to patronize local
businesses. Local money was last popular during the Great Depression."
Of course these guys aren't legal scholars, but they say:
"Susan Witt, executive director of the E.F. Schumacher Society, which
advocates scrip and other ways to build local economies, helped create
the BerkShares. She said that as recently as the early 20th century,
banks issued their own scrip that would be used in towns and cities
across the country.
"'We gave it up for the convenience of a national currency,' Witt
said, adding that it remains legal to mint your own money. 'Regions
opened themselves to being vulnerable to the ins and outs of the
national economy.'"
I remember back in the day we looked into legality, and it didn't look
good. Some post civil war legislation pretty much shut down local
currencies. I imagine these scrip efforts survive under the sufferance
of the authorities looking the other way, as long as they remain small
and not a threat.
Course he meant "bank". That was Mark Twain Bank:

@_date: 2010-11-15 21:10:08
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin And The Electronic Frontier Foundation 
I thought bitcoin had a lot of promise and ran a client/"miner" for a
few weeks when it first came out, but then lost interest. I heard
about the EFF thing a few days ago and took a look at bitcoin.org. I
was amazed to see that bitcoin is thriving! Not only can you buy and
sell coins for real money, there is a lot of demand for them, and
speculators are hoarding coins in the expectation of price increases.
Back at the beginning Eugen and I were playing with it and I sent him
1000 coins as a test, and he sent them back. That would be worth $250
now, pretty amazing.
This is the first time I recall that a currency with no intrinsic
value has become this popular. It's uncharted ground, with many open
questions. What value will bitcoins settle on? Will there be a fork
with perhaps more attractive rules? Will scammers (who love
transactions that can't be reversed) taint the currency? And the big
question, what happens when bitcoin comes to the attention of
governments? Can it win?
Hal Finney

@_date: 2011-08-05 18:06:12
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Re: BitCoin is surprisingly good, according to Dan Kaminski 
Don't recall if it was mentioned here , Dan's marvellous hack (with Travis
Goodspeed) to embed a tribute to the late Len Sassaman in the Bitcoin block
