
@_date: 2013-08-28 02:34:05
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Implementations, attacks on DHTs, Mix Nets? 
How about the fact that the US govt de facto controls the organization
controlling the root key and it is a single rooted hierarchy of trust?
But in general, the DNS is an infrastructure for making assertions about
hosts and services. It is not a good place for assertions about users or
accounts. So it is a good place to dump DANE records for your STARTTLS
certs but not for S/MIME certs.
 I very much agree that deployment is all.
One thing I would like to do is to separate the email client from the
crypto decision making even if this is just a temporary measure for testbed
purposes. I don't want to hack plugs into a dozen email clients for a dozen
experiments and have to re-hack them for every architectural tweak.

@_date: 2013-08-26 12:50:32
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Implementations, attacks on DHTs, Mix Nets? 
I am doing a history of the Web. I came to the conclusion that the clever
part is the problems it decides not to solve. Ted Nelson was absolutely
right on what was desirable, but what he considered 'essential' turned out
to be easily added as layers (search for example).
A confidentiality solution that tells the user 'you can't send mail right
now because you may be subject to an intercept' is more than acceptable.

@_date: 2013-08-29 23:00:41
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] The Case for Formal Verification 
Whitt Diffie was meant to be working on formal methods when he came up with
public key crypto...
My D.Phil Thesis was on applying formal methods to a large, non trivial
real time system (raw input bandwidth was 6Tb/sec, the immediate
fore-runner to the LHC data acquisition scheme). My college tutor was Tony
Hoare but I was in the nuclear physics dept because they had the money to
build the machine.
The problemI saw with formal methods was that the skills required were
already at the limit of what Oxford University grad students were capable
of and building systems large enough to matter looked like it would take
tools like category theory which are even more demanding.
The code synthesis scheme I developed was an attempt to address the scaling
problem from the other end. The idea being that to build a large system you
create a very specific programming language that is targeted at precisely
that class of problems. Then you write a back end that converts the
specification into code for that very restricted domain. If you want a
formal proof you have the synthesizer generate it from the specification as
well. That approach finesses the problem of having to validate the
synthesizer (which would likely take category theory) because only the
final target code need be validated.
That is the code I re-implemented in C after leaving VeriSign and released
onto SourceForge earlier this year and the tool I used to build the JSON
Schema tool.
I would probably have released it earlier only I met this guy at CERN who
had some crazy idea about hypertext.

@_date: 2013-09-08 12:40:38
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
No, that part is untrue. I sat at the table with Jeff Schiller and Burt
Kaliski when Burt pitched S/MIME at the IETF. He was Chief Scientist of RSA
Labs at the time.
Jim did go after Phil Z. over PGP initially. But Phil Z. was violating the
patent at the time. That led to RSAREF and the MIT version of PGP.
DNSSEC was (and is) a mess as a standard because it is an attempt to
retrofit a directory designed around some very tight network constraints
and with a very poor architecture to make it into a PKI.
PS: My long-standing domain registrar (enom.com) STILL doesn't support
The Registrars are pure marketing operations. Other than GoDaddy which
implemented DNSSEC because they are trying to sell the business and more
tech looks kewl during due diligence, there is not a market demand for
One problem is that the Registrars almost invariably sell DNS registrations
at cost or at a loss and make the money up on value added products. In
particular SSL certificates.

@_date: 2013-09-08 02:56:00
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
On Sat, Sep 7, 2013 at 10:35 PM, Gregory Perry
This is seriously off topic here but the idea that the indictment of Phil
Zimmerman was a token effort is nonsense. I was not accusing Phil Z. of
being a plant.
Not only was Louis Freeh going after Zimmerman for real, he went against
Clinton in revenge for the Clipper chip program being junked. He spent much
of Clinton's second term conspiring with Republicans in Congress to get
Clinton impeached.
Clipper was an NSA initiative that began under Bush or probably even
earlier. They got the incoming administration to endorse it as a fait
Snowden and Manning on the other hand... Well I do wonder if this is all
some mind game to get people to secure the Internet against cyberattacks.
But the reason I discount that as a possibility is that what has been
revealed has completely destroyed trust. We can't work with the Federal
Government on information security the way that we did in the past any more.
I think the administration needs to make a downpayment on restoring trust.
They could begin by closing the gulag in Guantanamo.

@_date: 2013-09-07 20:20:18
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Before you make silly accusations go read the VeriSign Certificate
Practices Statement and then work out how many people it takes to gain
access to one of the roots.
The Key Ceremonies are all videotaped from start to finish and the auditors
have reviewed at least some of the ceremonies. So while it is not beyond
the realms of possibility that such a large number of people were suborned,
I think it drastically unlikely.
Add to which Jim Bizdos is not exactly known for being well disposed to the
NSA or key escrow.
Hacking CAs is a poor approach because it is a very visible attack.
Certificate Transparency is merely automating and generalizing controls
that already exist.
But we can certainly add them to S/MIME, why not.

@_date: 2013-09-07 20:12:54
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Good theory only the CA industry tried very hard to deploy and was
prevented from doing so because Randy Bush abused his position as DNSEXT
chair to prevent modification of the spec to meet the deployment
requirements in .com.
DNSSEC would have deployed in 2003 with the DNS ATLAS upgrade had the IETF
followed the clear consensus of the DNSEXT working group and approved the
OPT-IN proposal. The code was written and ready to deploy.
I told the IESG and the IAB that the VeriSign position was no bluff and
that if OPT-IN did not get approved there would be no deployment in .com. A
business is not going to spend $100million on deployment of a feature that
has no proven market demand when the same job can be done for $5 million
with only minor changes.
CAs do not make their money in the ways you imagine. If there was any
business case for DNSSEC I will have no problem at all finding people
willing to pay $50-100 to have a CA run their DNSSEC for them because that
is going to be a lot cheaper than finding a geek with the skills needed to
do the configuration let alone do the work.
One reason that PGP has not spread very far is that there is no group that
has a commercial interest in marketing it.
At the moment revenues from S/MIME are insignificant for all the CAs.
Comodo gives away S/MIME certs for free. Its just not worth enough to try
to charge for right now.
If we can get people using secure email or DNSSEC on a large scale then CAs
will figure out how to make money from it. But right now nobody is making a
profit from either.

@_date: 2013-09-05 20:58:07
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Or they contacted the NSA alumni working in the industry.
I think it is subtler that that. Trying to block a strong cipher is too
obvious. Much better to push for something that is overly complicated or
too difficult for end users to make use of.
* The bizare complexity of IPSEC.
* Allowing deployment of DNSSEC to be blocked in 2002 by blocking a
technical change that made it possible to deploy in .com.
* Proposals to deploy security policy information (always send me data
encrypted) have been consistently filibustered by people making nonsensical
3) I would not be surprised if random number generator problems in a
Agreed, the PRNG is the easiest thing to futz with.
It would not surprise me if we discovered kleptography at work as well.
I think the thing that discouraged all that was the decision to make end
user certificates hard to obtain (still no automatic spec) and expire after
a year.

@_date: 2013-09-05 20:11:57
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
OK how about this:
If a person at Snowden's level in the NSA had any access to information
that indicated the existence of any program which involved the successful
cryptanalysis of any cipher regarded as 'strong' by this community then the
Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the NSA and everyone
involved in those decisions should be fired immediately and lose their
What was important in Ultra was the fact that the Germans never discovered
they were being intercepted and decrypted. They would have strengthened
their cipher immediately if they had known it was broken.
So either the NSA has committed an unpardonable act of carelessness (beyond
the stupidity of giving 50,000 people like Snowden access to information
that should not have been shared beyond 500) or the program involves lower
strength ciphers that we would not recommend the use of but are still there
in the cipher suites.
I keep telling people that you do not make a system more secure by adding
the choice of a stronger cipher into the application. You make the system
more secure by REMOVING the choice of the weak ciphers.
I would bet that there is more than enough DES traffic to be worth attack
and probably quite a bit on IDEA as well. There is probably even some 40
and 64 bit crypto in use.
Before we assume that the NSA is robbing banks by using an invisibility
cloak lets consider the likelihood that they are beating up old ladies and
taking their handbags.

@_date: 2013-09-27 15:23:27
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
Actually, it turns out that the problem is that the client croaks if the
server tries to use a key size that is bigger than it can handle. Which
means that there is no practical way to address it server side within the
current specs.
There is no reason to use DH longer than the key size in the certificate
and no reason to use a shorter DH size either.
Most cryptolibraries have a hard coded limit at 4096 bits and there are
diminishing returns to going above 2048. Going from 4096 to 8192 bits only
increases the work factor by a very small amount and they are really slow
which means we end up with DoS considerations.
We really need to move to EC above RSA. Only it is going to be a little
while before we work out which parts have been contaminated by NSA
interference and which parts are safe from patent litigation. RIM looks set
to collapse with or without the private equity move. The company will be
bought with borrowed money and the buyers will use the remaining cash to
pay themselves a dividend. Mitt Romney showed us how that works.
We might possibly get lucky and the patents get bought out by a white
knight. But all the mobile platform providers are in patent disputes right
now and I can't see it likely someone will plonk down $200 million for a
bunch of patents and then make the crown jewels open.
Problem with the NSA is that its Jekyll and Hyde. There is the good side
trying to improve security and the dark side trying to break it. Which side
did the push for EC come from?

@_date: 2013-09-24 23:58:27
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
On Sun, Sep 22, 2013 at 2:00 PM, Stephen Farrell
And the problem appears to be compounded by dofus legacy implementations
that don't support PFS greater than 1024 bits. This comes from a
misunderstanding that DH keysizes only need to be half the RSA length.
So to go above 1024 bits PFS we have to either
1) Wait for all the servers to upgrade (i.e. never do it because the won't
2) Introduce a new cipher suite ID for 'yes we really do PFS at 2048 bits
or above'.
I suggest (2)

@_date: 2013-09-19 13:54:27
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
The most corrosive thing about the whole affair is the distrust it has sewn.
I know a lot of ex-NSA folk and none of them has ever once asked me to drop
a backdoor. And I have worked very closely with a lot of government
Your model is probably wrong. Rather than going out to a certain crypto
vendor and asking them to drop a backdoor, I think they choose the vendor
on the basis that they have a disposition to a certain approach and then
they point out that given that they have a whole crypto suite based on EC
wouldn't it be cool to have an EC based random number generator.
I think that the same happens in IETF. I don't think it very likely Randy
Bush was bought off by the NSA when he blocked deployment of DNSSEC for ten
years by killing OPT-IN. But I suspect that a bunch of folk were whispering
in his ear that he needed to be strong and resist what was obviously a
blatant attempt at commercial sabotage etc. etc.
I certainly think that the NSA is behind the attempt to keep the Internet
under US control via ICANN which is to all intents a quango controlled by
the US government. For example, ensuring that the US has the ability to
impose a digital blockade by dropping a country code TLD out of the root.
Right now that is a feeble threat because ICANN would be over in a minute
if they tried. But deployment of DNSSEC will give them the power to do that
and make it stick (and no, the key share holders cannot override the veto,
the shares don't work without the key hardware).
A while back I proposed a scheme based on a quorum signing proposal that
would give countries like China and Brazil the ability to assure themselves
that they were not subjected to the threat of future US capture. I have
also proposed that countries have a block of IPv6 and BGP-AS space assigned
as a 'Sovereign Reserve'. Each country would get a /32 which is more than
enough to allow them to ensure that an artificial shortage of IPv6
addresses can't be used as a blockade. If there are government folk reading
this list who are interested I can show them how to do it without waiting
on permission from anyone.

@_date: 2013-09-03 15:13:04
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
What is the state of prior art for the P-384? When was it first published?
Given that RIM is trying to sell itself right now and the patents are the
only asset worth having, I don't have good feelings on this. Well apart
from the business opportunities for expert witnesses specializing in crypto.
The problem is that to make the market move we need everyone to decide to
go in the same direction. So even though my employer can afford a license,
there is no commercial value to that license unless everyone else has
Do we have an ECC curve that is (1) secure and (2) has a written
description prior to 1 Sept 1993?
Due to submarine patent potential, even that is not necessarily enough but
it would be a start.

@_date: 2013-09-02 20:04:10
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
You know, if there was a completely ironclad legal opinion that made use of
ECC possible without the risk of a lawsuit costing over $2 million from
Certicom then I would be happy to endorse a switch to ECC like the NSA is
pushing for as well.
I would not therefore draw the conclusion that NSA advice to move to ECC is
motivated by knowledge of a crack of RSA, if anything that would argue
against moving from ECC. It is merely a consequence of the US government
having a license which we don't have.

@_date: 2013-09-02 18:45:00
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
Given the reaction from Microsoft, yes.
The Microsoft public affairs people have been demonstrating real anger at
the Flame attack in many forums.

@_date: 2013-09-26 23:54:00
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA recommends against use of its own products. 
Quite, who on earth thought DER encoding was necessary or anything other
than incredible stupidity?
I have yet to see an example of code in the wild that takes a binary data
structure, strips it apart and then attempts to reassemble it to pass to
another program to perform a signature check. Yet every time we go through
a signature format development exercise the folk who demand
canonicalization always seem to win.
DER is particularly evil as it requires either the data structures to be
assembled in the reverse order or a very complex tracking of the sizes of
the data objects or horribly inefficient code. But XML signature just ended
up broken.
[Just found your ASN.1 dump tool and using it to debug my C# ASN.1 encoder,
OK so maybe ASN.1 is not terrible if I can put together a compiler in four
days but I am not using the Assanine 1 schema syntax and I am using my
personal toolchain]
I have a theory that the NSA stooges are not the technical folk. Why on
earth would a world class expert want to spend their time playing silly
games sabotaging specs when they could have much more fun working inside
the NSA at Fort Meade or building stuff.
What I would do is to take a person who is a technical wannabe and provide
him with technical support and tell him to try to wheedle positions as a
document editor. Extra points if they manage to discourage participation by
folk with solid technical chops.
We saw something of the sort during the anti-spam efforts. I was sure at
the time that the spammers had folk paid to make the discussions as
acrimonious as possible.

@_date: 2013-10-09 12:44:05
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Iran and murder 
I said the same thing in the launch issue of cyber-defense. Unfortunately
the editor took it into his head to conflate inventing the HTTP referer
field etc. with rather more and so I can't point people at the article as
they refuse to correct it.
I see cyber-sabotage as being similar to use of chemical or biological
weapons: It is going to be banned because the military consequences fall
far short of being decisive, are unpredictable and the barriers to entry
are low.
STUXNET has been relaunched with different payloads countless times. So we
are throwing stones the other side can throw back with greater force.
We have a big problem in crypto because we cannot now be sure that the help
received from the US government in the past has been well intentioned or
not. And so a great deal of time is being wasted right now (though we will
waste orders of magnitude more of their time).
At the moment we have a bunch of generals and contractors telling us that
we must spend billions on the ability to attack China's power system in
case they attack ours. If we accept that project then we can't share
technology that might help them defend their power system which cripples
our ability to defend our own.
So a purely hypothetical attack promoted for the personal enrichment of a
few makes us less secure, not safer. And the power systems are open to
attack by sufficiently motivated individuals.
The sophistication of STUXNET lay in its ability to discriminate the
intended target from others. The opponents we face simply don't care about
collateral damage. So  I am not impressed by people boasting about the
ability of some country (not an ally of my country BTW) to perform targeted
murder overlooks the fact that they can and likely will retaliate with
indiscriminate murder in return.
I bet people are less fond of drones when they start to realize other
countries have them as well.
Lets just stick to defense and make the NATO civilian infrastructure secure
against cyber attack regardless of what making that technology public might
do for what some people insist we should consider enemies.

@_date: 2013-10-24 15:16:52
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] /dev/random is not robust 
And I have not seen any proposal that is really going to solve this
particular problem in the thread since.
If I was asked three months ago my position would be 'generate the keys on
the device that is going to use them and they never leave unless it is a
really constrained device like a credit card.'
I have completely changed my mind on this. I now think public keys should
be generated in device adapted for that purpose and migrated out using some
form of secure protocol that ensures only the intended device can use them.
Further, the scheme used should provide the devices with a unique random
seed that can be used as a backstop against compromise or failure of other
RNGs. Using a stream cipher is not a very good RNG but nothing bad can
happen by XORing a good but brittle RNG against the output of a completely
independent cipherstream.

@_date: 2013-10-23 13:53:49
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] programable computers inside our computers 
All I want from a trusted computing base is the ability to store private
keys and make use of them in a way that prevents them being extracted by an
attacker without physical access to the machine and reasonably advanced
The ability to tell a server to reboot remotely and to only load the O/S
image that I authorized would also be useful. In a very large installation
I might want the ability to drop ship the machine and have it boot from the
network the first time.
Instead we get...
None of these functions would be useful to me unless they were part of an
open standard because however good one vendor's tools are, the cost of lock
in is never acceptable.

@_date: 2013-12-14 16:44:36
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
I don't think the use figures are a good basis for choosing formats.
The objective is to go from two separate userbases that can't communicate
without adopting the other's code to a single infrastructure. So during the
transition period PGP users will acquire the ability to send in S/MIME
format and vice versa.
If people want to make use of some of the new features I am adding for
frictionless usability then they are going to have either generate a new
key set or run the key generation tool to generate a policy file using the
old one.
One of the things I am doing to make crypto simpler is to remove
unnecessary options. I don't give the option of using separate keys for
encryption and signature, it is a requirement. I don't give people a choice
of RSA key size, it is 2048 bits.
I also require key signing and end-entity keys to be separate. So the way I
would support someone's legacy PGP key is that if it is RSA2048 then they
could generate encryption and signature keys, otherwise they could use it
to create a 'self-endorsement' assertion accrediting a newly generated key
In the transition period we will need to support both formats and any
successor trust infrastructure must support all the use cases of the old
one. The US DoD is not going to switch to a Web of Trust scheme, neither is
any enterprise user. An RA model makes best sense for those applications
just as Web o' Trust makes better sense than CA for many individual users.
But when it comes to formats, I can't see the value of keeping Blu-Ray and
HD-DVD. S/MIME is the better packaging format for a lot of reasons.
1) It is the format supported by the legacy email infrastructure.
1a) Existing mail clients can send and receive S/MIME mail without
1b) Every MTA provider of consequence has made sure that their equipment
works with S/MIME and supports use.
2) It is the format that the IETF has maintained.
PGP/MIME never got the same attention as S/MIME and has not been made to
work as well.
3) Adding the necessary support for S/MIME format to use PGP keys is much
easier than adding the necessary support for PKIX certs in PGP format.
PGP is a key centric PKI and the format makes use of this. Adding the
necessary support for PGP keys in CMS/PKCS is trivial. All that you need
to do is to put the key identifier of the recipient into the message.
4) We can use the WebPKI for authenticating corporate mail.
I think that a mail message that comes from Bank of America should come on
an impossible to forge Bank of America letterhead.
The technical infrastructure to support this already exists and so does
much of the policy infrastructure. The signature would have to be backed by
a certificate that is issued by a CA and the EV validation criteria would
apply and the holder would have to prove that they had obtained the
corresponding trademark and we would probably have some transparency
5) PGP users are more likely to move than corporate S/MIME users.
If we are going to merge formats then one group has to move. Enterprises
move much slower than real users. The only reason you can still buy a copy
of Windows XP is that there are corporate users who demand it. This despite
the fact that XP is the last of the legacy MSDOS versions of Windows and is
intrinsically insecure.
People who use PGP are using it to protect their privacy, not to follow
some ideological crusade that requires that particular message encoding.
I can't see any long term value to the legacy PGP format and I can see
plenty of problems with the authentication format. Only the parts of the
message inside the boundaries are authenticated.
The heart of PGP is the peer endorsement model. Anyone can endorse a key
for someone else, everyone can be a trust provider. The critical failure in
S/MIME is that it only supported the CA trust provider model.

@_date: 2013-12-13 20:56:47
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
Understood. Unlike the DANE WG I prefer to know the problems.
The thing that does irritate me is when I am five words into my explanation
before they come out with 'won't work, SPAM!' which is stupid at so many
levels, not least the idea that I haven't thought of spam as a problem.
One of the reasons I use gmail is that it is one of the few platforms that
can cope with my spam load. I receive more spam that gets through my
filters than most people get mail. I don't know how much is rejected
outright but when I was at VeriSign I was getting a quarter of the mail
sent to the company because of the spam.
E2E email does not prevent spam filtering, it only affects one technique
and one that is not very effective at that. Content filtering is not a good
spam reduction technique but it does kill viruses. There are several
approaches that can be used. One of them is to only accept E2E encrypted
mail from people who are known and trusted and give everyone else the key
for the spam/virus filter.
Another would be to modify the S/MIME protocol so that a mail gateway can
add in a header with 'prohibited content types' (or acceptable ones). then
modify the protocol slightly so that only clients that understand the
restriction can decrypt.
The model I am taking here is that
1) The user never has to make any more effort to perform a task securely
2) The apparent model of how the system works is a useful approximation to
the actual way it works.
So a strong email address is not actually the encryption key or even a hash
of the  encryption key. It is the hash of the signing key of the personal
master key (aka CA) which signs the encryption key. But it looks close
enough to being the thing you encrypt to for the user to think they
understand how it works.
The nuts on your car wheels don't actually hold the wheel to the car
either. They hold the rim to the hub. The hub is held on by one little nut.
The NSA is after you and me but probably not Joe Bloggs.
But the Russian mafia is after Boggs, or at least his money. And because of
that his electricity utility won't send him his bill in email, it has to go
to a web site where he keeps an account and is required to remember a
piddly username and password he uses once a year. And it is all a waste of
time security wise because the reset on the username password is his email.
I think that my strong email addresses will help corporate mail users move
a lot of their customer communications from the Web to mail. So rather than
sending a message to the user to tell them to go to the web site to find
out something the company wants to tell them, they can just tell them
straight out.

@_date: 2013-12-13 03:19:31
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
What has changed here is Snowdonia has arrived.
This may not be the most relevant response to Snowden but it is the crypto
deployment that gives the end user the most security for the least effort.
It is also a platform we can build other message level features on.
Particularly as patents begin to expire.
I am planning to do PGP eventually to provide backwards compatibility. I
have even reserved hex keys of the relevant length for PGP fingerprints.
But I want to move beyond the plumbing. The interesting part is in the
trust model and that is where I want to be able to combine CA and peer
endorsements. They both bring different things to the table.
To make use of keys opportunistically I have to know if the recipient
prefers encrypted mail.
You can use the convention we did of keys.* to be a domain name for a
I will cite that in the longer version of the workshop paper where I am not
limited to 5 pages (!).
There are some differences between my approach and yours. But the big
difference is context. I think that we have a lot more people willing to
make the effort right now.

@_date: 2013-12-13 00:04:28
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
OK not wanting to re-iterate the conversation, just want to let folks know
that this is helpful. I want to be really sure that I have covered all the
The goal is 'Frictionless cryptography'.
The legacy S/MIME deployment is the code base to build on in my view. There
is more of it for a start and S/MIME is fully integrated into the IETF mail
infrastructure. It is the format that has received ongoing updates as the
IETF has changed other parts of mail.
So that means adding the features of the PGP trust mechanism to the S/MIME
environment. Which is not that difficult.
One aspect of the problem neither PGP nor S/MIME solves at present is
telling me when to send email encrypted by default. Like Jon I do not
enable every one of my devices for receipt of encrypted mail. Until there
is a mechanism that makes that easy sending someone an encrypted email
message is going to be an inconvenience. I have a spec for such a scheme
but it isn't implemented in the prototype yet.
So I am thinking that there is going to have to be some kind of policy
glue. If we put that between the key hash and the public key data the user
can advertise statements such as "I support the PGP and S/MIME formats" and
telling different people to use different keys. I might have my mail
configured so that encrypted mail from people I don't know goes through the
spam content filter which has one key and encrypted mail from people I do
know is encrypted under my end-to-end key.
The code is still at the plumbing stage which means I spent today writing
an SMTP proxy in C using OpenSSL.

@_date: 2013-12-12 01:38:04
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
Takeup of PGP and S/MIME seems to be very much like takeup for IPSEC. There
are some big intranet deployments and possibly a few extranet deployments.
What is the gap we have to close to turn this on by default?

@_date: 2013-12-11 21:35:41
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
Thanks for all the responses on and off the list.
The reason I wanted to ask is that I wanted to have a figure from a source
that the PGP community is not going to see as an attack. I am not doing
this as a competitive thing, I want to look at the ugly facts so that we
can change them.
Comodo has 155K active free S/MIME certs and the same number of paid certs.
Which is a lot more than I had expected.
Estimating like with like (current versus expired) I think we can safely
estimate a pool of people who have established keys for both specs at
roughly 3 million and a pool with currently active keys of between a half
million and a million.
My view is that both groups have hit a wall and that there is not going to
be a big uptick in deployment unless we do something to change the game.
They are big numbers that I read as indicating a big demand for email
security. But when we look at actual day to day use the results are far
more depressing. Schemes like dropbox and tumbleweed have far more use.

@_date: 2013-12-11 13:51:29
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
I am trying to get an estimate of the size of the PGP userbase for a
presentation. Does anyone have figures?
I have some figures for S/MIME and I am trying to make sense of them. When
I started looking at end to end email I was thinking that the problem was
we never hit critical mass. I am now thinking that we did hit critical mass
and the product is not wanted beyond a niche.
It does not make much difference since it is clear either way that we are
not going to get ubiquitous deployment by just waiting around for secure
email to go viral. The figures suggest that it already did as much as that
as it was going to.

@_date: 2014-01-20 04:09:28
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
There are more people working on the defense certainly. And there are more
parts to the defense than just what they are doing.
The biggest roadblocks we can put up in front of programs like PRISM have
to work at the packet and link layers. Which means that only a few
companies can make the decision to deploy. There aren't many of us able to
have much impact there, its pretty much up to Bruce.
If people are getting in the way of getting those messages out they are
hurting, not helping.
We need tools for the general public to use and tools for the people
building the tools and other high profile targets. So its not even a
question of one solution for email, we are likely to need multiple schemes.

@_date: 2014-01-16 12:58:15
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
The problem is the same problem as usual with DES: Adi Shamir. Remember
when he got bounced from that NSA conference? He gave a talk at MIT
instead. And what he showed generalizes the meet in the middle approach.
It isn't a break of 3DES but the approach does show how the construction
approach is weak.
The reason I point it out is that what we had in 2007 was very similar.
There was no proof that the algorithm is backdoored. I am not aware that we
have an actual smoking gun in the Snowden docs even today. No 'Time for
some backdoor in DUAL_EC_DRNG'.
But what there is today on 3DES is certainly enough for those of us who
went to the right talks to be able to say in 5 or 6 years, 'told you 3DES
was vulnerable'. It wouldn't really be fair, it would be using a huge slice
of hindsight. But so are the people complaining about RSA.

@_date: 2014-01-15 22:41:51
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Tweet from Art Coviello saying "Time for some NSA backdoors in Fort Lee"
No they didn't. I knew about the deal at the time and I was a competitor.
RSA made no secret about getting the NSA gig. The only thing they didn't
publish was the amount and my sales guys knew that. It is probably in the
federal register.
No, I don't have much faith in them anyway so nothing to lose there.
The people who made the decisions are likely long gone.
Corporations are not people.

@_date: 2014-01-15 20:48:59
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
What then should we do about all the folk clinging to 3DES? How about the
people who stuck with MD5? How about the people who have not junked SHA-1?
Rather than compiling lists of people who should be drummed out of the
industry for bad decisions their companies made in the past, how about
compiling a list of proposals for things that you think people should get
drummed out for in the future?
I remember back in the day when I was having a USENET flame war with Dennis
Richie over the then UNIX policy of keeping the password file world
readable. It didn't take them very long to change in the wake of crack
(which arrived a few months later). But boy did they cling to their
religion hard. I should have taken a drive down to the Vatican and got John
Paul II to change his policy on abortion and birth control. It would have
been easier and more chance of success.

@_date: 2014-01-14 19:01:36
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
I am really reluctant to set that type of precedent. I think that we are
not finished with the disclosures yet. If we take everyone out to the
woodshed and hack their heads off each time we find out about the next NSA
hack, well we might find that none of us are left to do the work that needs
to be done.
That is my problem. Hurt RSA if you like, fine. But boycotting the show is
like boycotting the village fete because the Lord of the Manor let a cow
get loose and trample everyone's begonias.

@_date: 2014-01-14 17:35:31
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
I hadn't thought of it that way before.
but yes, I think that the way the NSA worked to disrupt certain IETF and
industry programs was to play that type of game.
"Lets put a TPM chip in the machines to keep private keys safe"
DRM! DRM! Antichrist! DRM! Don't you use treacherous computing. DEEEE
ARRRRRR EEEMMMMM!
"Lets turn on this S/MIME crypto in a billion email clients"
Don't you know that PGP is the only way to go!!!
"Lets add PGP features to S/MIME"
And have the smelly hippies come round?
I am sure that a lot of arguments were played on both sides with wormtongue
types telling both sides to stick to their guns. And too much of it has
That is the real crime here. Instead of protecting the country and its
allies against the threat of attack against an infrastructure that is
brittle, they were actively sabotaging efforts to make it robust.

@_date: 2014-01-14 13:16:54
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
NIST does have a conference in April and we can boycott that by setting up
a parallel conference with bigger names very easily.
That does at least mean that we are likely to send the right message (i.e.
boycott successful) and send it to an organization that can relay it to the
political entities.
One of the questions raised by Flame is how the US government can hope to
have public-private partnerships when the US government is attacking US
companies. Flame involved an attack on Microsoft, remember.
I'd also boycott companies doing business with the NSA.  And USG.  If
That particular outcome is practically self-enforcing. Everyone is going to
be very suspicious of NSA proposals now.
The claim that the NSA simply bribed RSA makes it sound as if all companies
need to do is refuse obvious bribery attempts.
Looking at the attack as sophisticated social engineering makes for a much
stronger warning: If you deal with the NSA they will betray you and then
the scheme will come out in an insider attack.
The attack on the RSA conference is an attack on the brand of RSA.  This
Attacking the brand through the conference is difficult because I don't see
any name pulling out so far that is big enough to have effect.
The fact that the main trade show is joined to one company is a very long
standing irritation for all of us in the industry. It would be better if
the RSAConference was owned by a conferencing company that didn't have a
business competing with the rest of us. I don't think that conflict of
interest has helped RSA the company either. Their strategy has been
constrained by needing to avoid compromising the conference too badly.
That is an idea.  If one is in the business of sanctions and one is
Well we have been facing the same problem with the boycott of Sochii. Its
going to be another Nuremberg. And I don't mean that figuratively, Putin
has been copying the institutions of fascism. But we did get the Pussy Riot
girls and the Greenpeace protestors out of jail which isn't nothing.
The conference made the company business a target in the past. At VeriSign
we did an open standard version of the SecureID token, OATH and launched it
at the conference. It does not take a genius to work out what the objective
was there. It was the conference we were after, trying to commoditize the
token business was an attempt to buy it cheap.
Without the RSA tokens biz, there would be no real business reason binding
RSA to EMC. That is the pressure point I would attack. But given that I
have proposed a second alternative to number based tokens that uses the
capabilities of smart phones, that would be a somewhat self-interested
If there was a free alternative that people could use to turn their smart
phone into a token, people could press for it as an alternative. The IT
desk would almost certainly like to be rid of the stupid tokens, they are
very expensive and the preprogramed expiry date creates a constant admin
This is pushing at an open door. Replacing the tokens is something almost
all CISOs would like to do. Especially after the 2011 fiasco. But it just
hasn't been a priority. This set of circumstances can make it a priority.
We would need more that speaks directly against the tokens to spread the
No, I don't think we do. There are solid business reasons for abandoning
the tokens already.
The fact that RSA has dual control over your authentication infrastructure
is the issue I would point to. RSA could be subpoenaed to give the feds
access to the whole token database. It would be very easy to match token
codes to tokens given their intercept capabilities.
We don't need to allege collusion in the past. All we need to do is to
point out that the scheme lacks transparency.
In the contrary, do we do more damage to companies by tricking them into
Unlike the NSA, I do not give people advice knowing it is false.
The tokens do rely on the token provider being trustworthy. The token
database allows backdoor access.
I feel like we should also boycott the IETF.  They have truly not served
No, leave them out of this. Don't turn off my damn waster supply while I am
trying to fight a fire.

@_date: 2014-01-13 20:33:03
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
It is the only international trade show for the IT security industry.
Try 10,000 people coming to buy products to protect themselves from the NSA
This is not acceptable collateral damage.

@_date: 2014-01-13 19:35:06
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Absolutely right. But how should we respond?
There should be a penalty, no question. But what should the penalty be?
We should not choose a penalty that causes collateral damage on our side. A
much more effective response would be to gut the RSA token business. That
hurts EMC's bottom line directly. Changing the speaker lineup at the show
does not.
If the RSA token business is gutted there will be no reason for EMC to keep
RSA Labs or the name.
Lets pick out battles here.

@_date: 2014-01-13 15:23:16
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Yes, we all know that RSA got punked by the NSA. But this boycott some folk
are pushing seems like a terrible idea to me.
What is important now is to get people to deploy and use defenses. Which
means making the most of the communication platforms we already have.
Even if a boycott of RSA was to work the best it could achieve is to damage
the main industry trade show. It would take any replacement several years
to recover. In the meantime we have no venue to sell security product.
Black Hat is not RSA and does not want to turn into RSA. They have
deliberately created a totally different value proposition.
The boycott proposal is purely punitive. They have no demand. Which is a
very weak position. We did not boycott Bigot-fil-a to punish them. We were
demanding that they stopped being bigoted. What are the boycotters
demanding of RSA?
Unless someone shows evidence that RSA actually knew they were being
punked, the boycott makes no sense. And I can't believe that evidence
exists because there was absolutely no need to tell RSA they were being
punked to get the outcome they wanted.

@_date: 2014-02-14 16:19:05
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
Again this is raising the cost of the attack, not preventing the really
determined attacker.
Operating a low latency hidden service means allowing other people to
direct packets in your direction. There are certainly ways of mitigating
the risk of dox-ing the hidden server. But the effectiveness of those
controls are going to depend on how visible the service is and how
determined an attacker is to disclose its location.
Underestimating the determination of the authorities to locate and destroy
online drugs marketplaces seems to be a habit of these people. At this
point there are more markets on the list of 'failed/scam' sites than are
operating on the  list.
It could be that they are all being found because they are making stupid
mistakes like sending email which has to go outside the Tor system
becauseof the spam controls. But it wouldn't surprise me if we later find
that there are tens of thousands of NSA/GCHQ run nodes. The Snowden papers
we have that express concern at the difficulty of Tor intercepts are rather
old. Knowing that the NSA could not solve a problem due to lack of
resources three years ago would make me conclude they now have the
necessary resources rather than it isn't a problem.

@_date: 2014-02-14 03:35:11
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
1) The attacker controls multiple rendezvous points and
2) The attacker controls multiple clients, using them to make contact
attempts and
3) Traffic to the hidden service with the drug site is an appreciable
proportion of the total hidden service traffic
Then, a timing attack seems very likely to reveal the IP address of the
exit node for the hidden service which can then be unrolled in turn.

@_date: 2014-02-13 14:04:12
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
The latest attempt to plant a replacement for Silk road has lasted only 9
days. It seems that the authorities are now looking to stamp out any
copycats before they get a toe hold.
What I find rather confusing is the idea that hiding a service rather than
a client is feasible. Tor is vulnerable to traffic analysis as the Harvard
bomb threat proved. The student responsible was discovered because his
IP/MAC address was one of only five using Tor on Harvard campus at the
Tor is very good at preventing the authorities from seeing which sites a
person in Iran is contacting outside Iran. So it is a very powerful
anti-censorship tool. But use of Tor for criminal purposes is an obvious
concern for the authorities and it is fairly easy for them to set up Tor
nodes. So I have always assumed that at least 50% of the nodes in Tor are
operated by LE and intel agencies. They may not be able to see the actual
traffic but they can certainly see IP addresses and an IP address only has
meaning if there are BGP routes pointing packets towards it.
So from a technical point of view it seems to me that the 'dark net' cannot
possibly exist but there seem to be many people betting they can stay out
of jail on the belief it does.
Is this just an example of wishful thinking or is there something else at

@_date: 2014-03-08 01:24:24
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] See??? Satoshi Nakamoto Smeared 
Actually RAH did invent BitCoin and was feeling the heat a little and so
used some of the $0.5 Billion he stashed away in BTC to hire an actor to
pretend to be Satoshi. To act as a distraction...
The disclosure of Satoshi might be the start of the end for BTC. Before
BitCoin was a tabula risa on which everyone could write their own goals for
a perfect currency.
It also means that his family are at risk of being kidnapped by the seedy
types that BTC has attracted.
