
@_date: 2002-09-26 17:41:42
@_author: "Handy Stitch" 
@_subject: Portable Handheld Sewing Machine - On Sale 
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
The Handy Stitch mini sewing machine is so compact, you can hold it in the
palm of your hand, and so portable you can store it in a drawer. Even if
you've never sewed a stitch, you can sew like a pro with this machine.
Included with the Handy Stitch is 4 Steel Bobbins, 3 Sewing Needles, 1 Needle Threader and 1 Extra Spool pin for regular sized thread.  It comes complete and ready to use. With the Handy Stitch's compact design and the power of larger machines, You can sew like a pro, even if you never have before.  To find out more or to order your Handy Stitch, please click on the link below:
This is brought to you by FreeGasDaily. You are receiving this because of your participation in the FREE GAS FOR LIFE sweepstakes. If you feel this has reached you in error or if you would no longer like to be eligible and would like to stop receiving offers from us, please visit  and click on unsubscribe. Thank you.
Handy Stitch Email
Stitch Drapes while theyStill Hang on the Rod!
The Handy Stitch mini sewing machine is so compact, you can hold it in the
palm of your hand, and so portable you can store it in a drawer. Even if
you've never sewed a stitch, you now can sew like a pro.
This cordless sewing machine can be used indoors or outside.  Handy Stitch
has the same power as larger, more expensive machines, at a low price that
anyone can afford.  It's great for quick repairs or jobs that conventional
desktop machines can't handle, like sewing curtains while on the rod, or
mending a torn pocket without having to remove your pants.
The Handy Stitch comes complete with everything you need to get started:
4 Steel Bobbins
3 Sewing Needles
1 Needle Threader,
1 Extra spool pin for regular size thread.
                The Handy Stitch: Is compact and lightweight
Is practical and easy to use
Comes complete and ready to use
Is built for long term use
Uses 4 "AA" batteries (not included).
This is brought to you by FreeGasDaily. You are receiving     this because of your participation in the FREE GAS FOR LIFE sweepstakes. If     you feel this has reached you in error or if you would no longer like to be     eligible and would like to stop receiving offers from us, please visit      and click on unsubscribe. Thank you.
