
@_date: 2004-08-11 14:11:30
@_author: www.FreeMedicineFoundation.com 
@_subject: Free Prescription Medicine Is Available 1-888-812-5152 
Free Medicine Foundation Helps Americans Get the Prescription Drugs they Need
Thousands of Americans struggle to pay for their prescription drugs. Worse,
many must make the difficult choice between paying for their medicines and
buying other necessities including food. Help may be just a phone call
Most people don't know that many pharmaceutical companies will give their
drugs away for free to patients who qualify. And since 1996, over $100
million in free medications have been applied for through services like
Free Medicine Foundation (
 "One of the biggest problems we face today is the outrageous cost of
prescription drugs in the U.S.A.," says Free Medicine Foundation General
Manager Cindy Randolph. "Even people of middle income sometimes have
problems affording medications." Eighty eight year old Lela Henson, who is legally blind, was referred to
Free Medicine Foundation by her social worker, and now saves $143 on her
90-day supply of Prilosec. "It's the greatest thing," says her daughter
Lori Reddon. "I helped her filll out the form and it's worked like magic."
was so impressed that she now distributes Free Medicine Foundation
brochures to others in need. "I've been able to get several people help
through Free
Medicine Foundation."  "We serve as the patient's advocate," says Randolph, who has helped tens of
thousands of people take advantage of the free prescription programs. "The
procedures required to actually be approved, enrolled and receive
medication are sometimes so involved that many qualified persons never get
the assistance they need. In fact, the vast majority of those qualified are
even aware of these programs, and therefore have never considered
applying." For a $5 fee per drug request, fully refundable if a patient doesn't
qualify, Free Medicine Foundation will wade through the paperwork and
coordinate free drug distribution to eligible applicants through their
personal physicians. More than 100 pharmaceutical companies have these free
prescription programs.
Eligibility is based on the following general criteria:
1.) The applicant must not be covered by private insurance
2.) The applicant must not qualify for a government or third party program
which  provides prescription medications
3.) The applicant must find it a hardship to purchase medicine at retail. Explains Randolph, "These programs are not limited to seniors. They are
available to anyone if they meet the financial requirements. Depending on
the pharmaceutical sponsor, that can range anywhere from incomes at the
national poverty level to those up to $60,000." She adds that people with
higher incomes generally qualify for the more expensive drugs such as those
for transplant patients."  Most of Free Medicine Foundation's applicants are individuals living on
retirement income, welfare checks, disability or are among the working low
to middle income. Most have too much income to qualify for government
prescription assistance, but not enough to purchase private prescription
drug insurance coverage. Many are referred to Free Medicine Foundation by
social service
organizations. Those interested in learning more about Free Medicine Foundation, or to
request a supply of free brochure / applications may call toll-free
1-888-812-5152 or 1-573-996-3333. For complete information, including the
simple one-page initial application form, visit the organization's Web site
at
