
@_date: 2002-04-08 09:13:36
@_author: OTCBB: 
@_subject: "BTLY" ANNOUNCEMENT 
New Page 1
 QUOTE
  PRESS
        RELEASE |
        SEC
        FILINGS
STOCK SYMBOL
      BTLY(OTCBB:)
TAKES GROWTH IN ONLINE GAMING WITH   ACCOUNT WAGERING To 
Be Removed CLICK
STOCK SYMBOL is well positioned to gain from       the growth of ACCOUNT WAGERING in the online gaming market.       BTLY       distribution platform eCashPad will allow a subscriber to be an account       holder, deposit money with a licensed account wagering operator and then       use the balance to fund wagers. The subscriber then contacts a licensed       operator and bet from anywhere.
BTLY can achieve this with their technological       content distribution platform to the industry.  With a three-pronged       approach to the newly expanded multi billion-dollar gaming industry, which       is:
Off Track Betting Online
State Certified Lottery         Online
Casino Gaming Online
 This approach stated by CEO Gordon Lee  “ Our       aggressive expansion will put       BTLY as a top provider in the legal end of       the gaming industry becoming an online gaming conglomerate within three       years. By positioned  is to be the link between the casinos, tracks, state       lottery and consumers by providing the system which will allow consumers       to place bets and gamble at various sites and locations.” BEAR STEARNS & CO. INC. RELEASED A GAMING INDUSTRY       REPORT Page 29: Dated January 28,2002 
The following could be a major catalyst for       account wagering growth in the next few years.  AB 471 in California. On August 13, 2001, Governor Gray       Davis  signed AB 471, adding California to a list of 11 other states that       have officially permitted OTB account wagering   AB 3315 in New Jersey. This bill that will permit account       wagering was signed into law on August 5, 2001
Possible 36 states opening their doors to               account wagering Future regulatory expansion could play a big               part in creating a more favorable environment
A media driven industry….. through new media               ventures such as the Internet, interactive television, and, to a               lesser extent, WAP mobile phone wagering.
TREMENDOUS REVENUE UPSIDE
BTLY will       offer a number of consumer based services that will allow gamblers to
place bets on       any number of games and races from there home or various designated       locations.   The purpose of this approach is to gain a subscriber base       of  repeat       gamblers in an attempt to become the gaming provider of choice. 
·     
Off Track Betting (Turf-Clubs.com) 6 cents on the dollar of       every bet as an affiliate of the master license holders.
·     
Online Indian Casino 49% of net profits for each on line       casino  ·     
Subscription Based Lotto  ·     
(BigJackpot.com) in conjunction with one of the biggest       multi national                  lottery providers
               $9.95/monthly per
      subscriber.  Estimated
      $100,000 by the end of        fiscal year  ·    
Sponsors & Promoters Will work on a CPM (cost per thousand)       of  impressions or views of sponsor offering, email, survey or       game.   Sponsors will also be able to giveaway prizes, products       or tickets                    at discounts through our                  point system.
Participation in transaction fees with BTLY's new Smart Card card reader
BTLY’S FUTURE
Bentley, through one of its wholly owned       subsidiaries, is preparying an online casino gaming affiliate program in       conjunction with various Las Vegas Casisno in the state of Nevada to       operate Internet gaming sites inclusive of sports book, horseracing and       bingo. Bentley Communications is now entering the California OTB       marketplace and will make the eCashPad the centerpiece of its marketing       strategy, CEO Gordon Lee says "Legalized gaming online is becoming the       fastest growing industry world wide. Our business model is so aggressive       our gaming presence on the web is already established and will grow by       200% within the next 90 days."
To 
Be Removed CLICK
        Capital Corporation  is an independent electronic publisher of
        information on selected public companies. In consideration of its
        electronic dissemination of the information contained in this notice.
        Tequesta has received A) 1,000,000 shares of BTLY common stock , free         trading and B) 400,000 restricted common shares.  Tequesta did not receive any other compensation, of any
        kind, for its services other than stated herein. Tequesta is not a
        registered investment advisor or a broker dealer. Tequesta has been
        advised that the investments in companies profiled are considered to be
        high risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes
        only if anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to
        invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered
        financial broker. If any party decides to participate as an investor
        then it will be at the investor's sole risk. All  information
        provided by the profiled companies may include information provided by
        outside sources, such as research reports, public filings or computer
        databases and information provided to Tequesta by management of the
        profiled company. All information is provided by the companies profiled
        and Tequesta makes no representations, warranties or guarantees as to
        the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure by the profiled
        companies. Investors should not rely solely on the information
        presented. Rather, investors should use the information provided by the
        profiled companies as a starting point for doing additional independent
        research on the profiled companies in order to allow the investor to
        form his or her own opinion regarding investing. Factual statements made
        by the profiled companies are made as of the date 3/11/2002 and are
        subject to change without notice. The receipt of this information shall
        not create, under any circumstances, any implication that there has been
        no change in the affairs of the company profiled since the date of
        review. Investing in micro-cap securities is highly speculative and
        carries an extremely high degree of risk. It is possible that an
        investor's entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the
        speculative nature of the companies profiled. Tequesta makes no
        recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be
        purchased, sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the
        profiled companies through Tequesta. Certain of the statements contained
        in the information may be forward-looking statements within the meaning
        of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
        statements may be identified by such terms as ``expect,'' ``believe,''
        ``may,'' ``will,'' and ``intend'' or similar terms. Tequesta
        Capital Corporation or its affiliates may have a position in the
        securities mentioned herein and may make purchases or sales thereof.
