
@_date: 2018-01-05 12:53:32
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
Reversibility is a requirement which cannot be denied in systems addressing
real-world scenarios as Henry Baker beautifully explains in a recent post
in this mail list. In Turkey life-threatening ransomware occasions
involving Bitcoin is increasing day-by-day. The adversaries have taken
million Dolar scale Bitcoins from innocent people and Turkey is new to
Bitcoin. The police can capture the guys that physically attacked and
captured victims and took their Bitcoin. That is the easy part. However,
Bitcoins are gone and the State cannot get them back. All they can do is
send the attackers to jail for 1-3 years. There are so many guys in Turkey
that have nothing to lose and that would indeed wish to stay in jail for
some time and getting out rich is a gigantic bonus. You cannot scare them
with legal stuff. So Bitcoin ransomware crimes are only increasing here.
This has proven to be universal. Just Google "Bitcoin ransomware". And it
is a real, big problem. I find the cryptocurrency community ignoring this
issue amazing.
We cannot ask people to apply Winklevoss Twins' solution which dramatically
proves the necessity of reversibility. The only universally applicable way
to resolve this issue is reversibility. We must acknowledge that state has
legitimate use cases. In order to use state in this use case, we need a
reversibility mechanism in Bitcoin (and cryptocurrencies in general). A
legitimate currency (crypto or not) must allow reversibility at least as an
option to its users. Reversibility can be anchored to relevant State tools
(such as courts). I as a Bitcoin supporter and user should have the right
to use such an option. Anybody who wants to transact with me also has the
same right to choose that option.
I am working on a paper proposing a new protocol to Bitcoin called Proof of
Trust (POT) (and Proof of Prophecy (POP) as a special case) where I address
the issue of reversibility as well as efficiency, privacy, security, and
I must say that Iang is on the right track because an application level
Trusted Third Party or a protocol level Anchor is needed for a solution to
2018-01-04 23:30 GMT+03:00 iang :
