
@_date: 2002-01-12 00:07:59
@_author: Hilaria =?iso-8859-1?Q?Casta=F1eda?= 
@_subject: We send you warm greetings from Taxco, Guerrero 
We send you warm greetings from Taxco, Guerrero,
hoping that you are well in health and spirit.
Before anything else, we hope that you had wonderful holidays,
and that this year started to be the best of all in history!
We want to thank you for your time this last year,
the fact that you pay attention to us is very valued.
We give thanks to have met you.
We also wanted to comment to you about a big project that we completed this last year:
A customer of ours came to visit us last year 2001,
and commented to us about a company in the United States where we could get
medical equipment donated for our hospital, Adolfo Prieto.
(I say "our hospital" because is a public hospital,
as poor as we are, and to which most of us
have had to go to get medical attention for ourselves and for our children).
We got in contact with this company in the United States,
and after convincing them to donate it,
we spoke to the officials of DHL International,
so they would facilitate the shipping of this equipment for free.
They also accepted, and gave us a list of the documents
required to be filled by our State Government.
Then we got in contact with the Secretary of Health of the State of Guerrero
to get all the documents to import the equipment,
and after some time we got the documents all made, signed, etc.
Now the equipment is in the hospital Adolfo Prieto.
We want to invite you to see pictures and the history in our web site,
this is the address: The reason why we did all this,
was so the doctors and nurses of the hospital would know and recognize us,
because, as we don't have health insurance,
having a good relationship with them,
it is more probable to get the necessary attention
in case that we need it or any of our children have an illness or an accident.
Well, I didn't mean for this letter to be long,
but I really enjoyed telling you about this achievement of our cooperative.
This letter was just to wish you a very nice new year 2002,
and tell you that here in Taxco you have your friends of Artesanas Campesinas.
We are happy to have met you and wish you the best for this year and the Tamara Hernández Danel
Artesanas Campesinas
