
@_date: 2001-11-08 06:10:09
@_author: Please only mail me if you're serious 
@_subject: cypherpunks-unedited,is that true?  -HXHN 
"REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS BELOW"
Hi cypherpunks-unedited, this is Dan Holding .
I've been teaching people how to achieve financially freedom for the last 10 years.  so cypherpunks-unedited, if you are still serious about that read on... Last month I introduced new people, just like you, and they've
already made between $300 and $1250 in their first month! The beauty of that income is that it's residual income so it comes
back every month just like a royalty... And the best part is! "YOU" can achieve that as well, regardless
of your background or education. Why am I so sure?.. Because I've got a Formula that works like a cookie cutter. So
simple that even my 12 year old niece could do it but the fact of
the matter is she's not at legal age. Imagine yourself making residual income from home, from behind
your computer... Did you know that the average home business
generates over $50.000 in annual income? That means no boss anymore, no Monday morning blues, extra
vacations, extra money instead of lack of money, not having to
say "I can't afford it" to your kids, free time, and more importantly,
the FREEDOM of being your own boss without the stress most
corporate dude's have... If you can see yourself in that position, if you are still serious, and
you haven't given up on your self, then send me an Email and I'll
share this simple secret "How You Too Can Capitalize On The
Home Based Business Trend." Email me at: holdingint and write: "Dan, send me
more info" in the Subject Line together with your name in the body.
You will receive an Email with more information immediately. DO NOT reply to this e-mail! (Please only mail me if you're serious) Sincerely, Dan Holding If you act fast I'll let you test drive my formula 100%FREE.
That's how confident I am that you'll succeed. There's nothing
to lose and a lot to gain. Email me at: holdingint and write: "Dan, send
me more info" in the Subject Line together with your name in the
body. This message is sent in compliance of the new e-mail bill section 301. Under Bill S. 1618 TITLE III passed by the 105th US Congress. This message cannot be considered Spam as long as we include the way to be removed, Paragraph (a)(c) of S. 1618, further transmissions to you by the sender of this e-mail may be stopped at no cost to you by Replying to this message with REMOVE in the subject.
