
@_date: 2002-06-03 19:58:14
@_author: the peno-pubic junction 
@_subject: Increase your penis size 25% in 2 weeks! 
Have a BLAST in bed
Have a BLAST in bed,
Finally, a safe and natural penile enlargement
 Naturally boost your sex drive and rejuvenate sexual
Good news, men! Recent
discoveries in herbal medicine have made it possible for men to
safely and effectively boost their sexual vitality while increasing
their penis size by 25% or more!
Certified Natural Laboratories is pleased to introduce the
latest addition to their widely acclaimed line of herbal
supplements: Maxaman™.
Specially formulated with herbs and extracts from around
the globe, Maxaman™ can help to enhance sexual sensitivity,
increase sexual stamina, and actually increase the size of your
penis by up to 25%. The special blend of herbs in Maxaman™
have been shown to boost blood flow to the penis, thus expanding
the sponge-like erectile tissue in the penis, leading to size gains
in both length and thickness.
recent survey showed that 68% of women are unsatisfied with the
size of their partners. Of course most of these women would never
tell their partner that they are unhappy with their penis size.
Having a small or average-sized penis can result in depression and
feelings of inadequacy. Thankfully, men of all ages can now safely
and naturally increase the size of their penis and renew sexual
vitality without resorting to dangerous surgery.
What To
1-2 weeks
 Most men notice more powerful and longer lasting erections almost
immediately. A noticeable increase in thickness is also
3-8 weeks
 By this point you should be able to notice an increase in
thickness in both erect and flaccid states, as well as an overall
increase in length.
9 weeks +
 After nine weeks, your penis should be noticeably larger in both
length and girth.
Below is a comparison chart compiled from the most recent
data on penis size. See how you measure up...
How to measure your penis size
correctly: To determine length, measure the erect penis
from the base of the penis where the top of the shaft meets the
pubic area (the peno-pubic junction) to the tip of the head. For
uncircumcised men the foreskin should be retracted. To determine
width, measure at mid-shaft around the circumference while the
penis is erect.
Whether you have a small, average or large penis, it is now
possible for you to increase the size of your penis by up to 25%
without resorting to dangerous surgery or cumbersome
all-natural proprietary blend of unique herbs found in Maxaman is
designed to restore blood flow, unleash stored testosterone, and
heighten sensation by activating the body's natural hormone
production and supplying vital nutrients necessary for peak sexual
performance. All of the ingredients in Maxaman are stringently
scrutinized, and are guaranteed to be of the highest pharmaceutical
1. How does Maxaman
 The all
natural proprietary blend of unique ingredients found in Maxaman is
designed to restore blood flow, unleash stored testosterone, and
heighten sensation by activating the body's natural hormone
production and supplying vital nutrients necessary for peak sexual
performance. The special blend of herbs in Maxaman have been shown
to boost blood flow to the penis, thus expanding the sponge-like
erectile tissue in the penis, leading to size gains in both length
and thickness.
2. Is Maxaman
 Because
Maxaman is an all natural nutritional supplement containing only
the finest botanicals, there are no harmful side effects when taken
as directed. Maxaman is not a pharmaceutical drug and contains none
of the synthetic chemicals found in prescription medications. It is
a safe alternative to dangerous surgery.
3. What
can Maxaman do for me?
Common benefits
from using Maxaman include:
 Up to a 25% increase in penis length and thickness
 Increased stamina
 Improved sexual desire
 Stronger, more powerful erections
 Greater control over ejaculation
 Stronger climaxes and orgasms
4. Will
I experience any side effects?
 There
are no harmful side effects when taken as directed.
5. What ingredients are used in
 Maxaman is all natural, and made from the finest quality
botanicals available. To read more about each of these key
ingredients, please read below for all the details.
6. How
should I use Maxaman?
The normal
dosage of Maxaman is two capsules with a meal and a glass of water.
The cumulative effects of Maxaman increase with each dosage, making
it even more effective with continued use. Do not exceed six
capsules daily.
7. Do I
need a prescription to use Maxaman?
No you do not.
Because Maxaman is an all natural nutritional supplement containing
only the finest botanicals, there is no need to obtain a
8. How
does Maxaman differ from other penis lengthening
Maxaman is not
a pharmaceutical drug and contains none of the synthetic chemicals
found in prescription medications. It is an all natural formula
designed to boost blood flow to the penis, thus expanding the
sponge-like erectile tissue in the penis, leading to size gains in
both length and thickness. Maxaman provides men with a safe and
natural alternative to potentially dangerous
9. How
long will it take to get my order?
Shipped the same day payment is received in most
10. Is it really safe to order
All information about your order is encrypted, and cannot be viewed
by anyone else. Ordering online using this state-of-the-art
processing system is actually much safer than using your credit
card in a restaurant or at the mall.
11. Is
Maxaman shipped discreetly?
Yes it is!
Maxaman is sent in an unmarked box with no indication whatsoever as
to what is contained inside.
11. How
much is shipping and handling?
$6.95 for the 1st. bottle and free for any
order more than 1 bottle.
The special
blend of herbs in Maxaman™ have been shown to boost
blood flow to the penis, thus expanding the sponge-like erectile
tissue in the penis, leading to size gains in both length and
The proprietary blend of herbs
found in Maxaman™ consists of:
Zinc (as zinc oxide) - This essential mineral is required for
protein synthesis and collagen formation. Sufficient intake and
absorption of zinc are needed to maintain a proper concentration of
Vitamin E.
Yohimbe - Used traditionally to treat impotence and frigidity,
Yohimbe helps to increase blood flow and sensitivity of nerves,
especially in the pelvic region. It is commonly used as an
aphrodisiac to stimulate sexual organs and improve central nervous
system function.
Maca - Maca is an adaptogen. It works to create harmony in the
body, regulating levels of hormones and enzymes to create a state
of homeostasis.
Catuaba - Native to Brazil and parts of the Amazon, Catuaba is
a central nervous system stimulant commonly used throughout the
world for treating sexual impotence, exhaustion and fatigue.
Muira Puama - A South American herb, Muira Puama has been
used to treat impotence for hundreds of years. It is highly sought
after for its strong stimulant qualities.
Oyster Meat - Historically
known as an aphrodisiac, oyster meat contains flavonoids that have
been shown to stimulate the reproductive system.
L-Arginine - L-Arginine
is an amino acid which helps to create nitric oxide in the human
body. Nitric oxide is the most essential substance influencing
sexual function in both men and women. Nitric oxide promotes
circulation, resulting in improved blood flow.
Oatstraw - Used to
treat fatigue and exhaustion, Oatstraw improves brain and nervous
system function and has been used to treat impotence. It is
extremely useful for aiding your body in recovering from
exhaustion, as well as correcting sexual debility.
Nettle Leaf - Acts as a
diuretic, expectorant and tonic. It is rich in iron and chlorophyll
to clean and nourish the blood.
Cayenne - Cayenne improves
circulation, increases the metabolic rate and acts as a catalyst
for other herbs.
Pumpkin Seed - Pumpkin seed is
commonly used to strengthen the prostate gland and promote male
hormone function. Myosin, an amino acid found in pumpkin seeds, is
known to be essential for muscular contractions.
Sarsaparilla - Found along
the coast of Peru, Sarsaparilla aids in the production of
testosterone and progesterone.
Orchic Substance - This is an
extract from bovine testes, and is proven to increase testosterone
levels without harmful steroids.
Licorice Root - Licorice root fights inflammation, as well as
viral, bacterial and parasitic infection. Licorice cleanses the
colon, and enhances microcirculation in the gastrointestinal
Tribulus - A natural testosterone enhancer, Tribulus can
improve desire and performance and increase sexual energy. Tribulus
is also an excellent circulatory and heart tonic and can help
dilate arteries. In India it is used as a tonic for the urinary
Ginseng Blend (Siberian, American & Korean) - Commonly used by athletes for overall body strengthening,
Ginseng fortifies the adrenal gland, and promotes healthy
circulation. It increases the conversion rate of sugars into the
necessary substrates for the formation of fatty acids in the liver.
Ginseng stimulates the central nervous system, and is a quick
antidote for fatigue.
Astragalus - Regarded as a potent
tonic for increasing energy levels and stimulating the immune
system, Astragalus has also been employed effectively as a
- Boron helps to prevent the loss of calcium, phosphorus and
magnesium through the urine.
ORDER NOW!
Afraid its not for you? Don't worry we offer a LIFETIME
Guarantee! If your not ecstatic with our product, just return the
unused portion for a FULL Refund!! No questions will be
Thank you for your time and I hope to hear from you
