
@_date: 2004-07-04 04:00:23
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: Re: UBL is George Washington 
OK -- some comments.
First, IMHO one confusing and perhaps confused post; I'm not sure I
get the point.
Second, to be specific, bin Laden isn't George Washington, but in at
least one respect he is LIKE others who struggled to keep their
countries from being dominated by foreigners. George Washington was
one such leader.  Vlad the Impaler was another (for the
history-challenged, this original for the legendary Count Dracula
temporarily saved Romania from being overrun by the Ottoman Turks, by
massacring hundreds of thousands of them, mostly by impaling them on
sharpened stakes.)  Mahatma Gandhi was another.  I think "Vlad the
Impaler was Gandhi" or vice-versa is about as apt a comparison as
Washington and bin Laden.
For starters, I think the use of terrorism is a moral a distinction
worth making.  Murdering thousands of civilians is not the same thing
as attacking enemy troops.  (To be consistent, the plane that hit the
Pentagon was not terrorism, but a military attack with civilian
collateral damage.)
Finally, while I (and John Kerry) agree that independence from Mideast
oil is a wiser goal than our current slavish devotion to the Saudis,
or military domination of the whole area, I think isolationism in the
age of the Internet is absurd.   The 3-mile limit was the range of
cannonballs, and ABMs are about as useful against many threats we
already face.  Like it or not, we Americans are part of one planet,
and we had better get better at it than we've been lately.
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2004-07-08 13:37:15
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: Re: Final stage 
I asked a friend what he thought Google would market to someone with
an Inbox crammed with cpunks messages.  He suggested, "Legal
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2004-07-08 12:17:39
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: Re: Final stage 
The "UBL is GW" message sounded provocateurish, too.
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2004-08-11 17:27:42
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: Re: Michael Moore in Cambridge (download speech) 
Since I introduced the term referring to the Bush Administration -- a
poor attempt at irony, but what I had in mind was the sort of American
ideals embodied in our Declaration of Independence, preamble and
Constitution and Bill of Rights, along with the ways these ideals
worked in practice to help create a much more desirable society over
the past couple centuries than countries similarly blessed with
resources (Russia, Argentina.)
So a few examples.  More than any administration I can remember since
Nixon's, this administration has disregarded, actively opposed, or
 Declaration of Independence:  equality, human rights.
 Preamble to the Constitution: "a more perfect Union", justice, liberty  Constitution -- torn down separation of powers, many others
 Bill of Rights -- read the list!
Mr. Moore's speech was a rallying cry to take back our government. Would John Kerry drag us into Iraq?  Would he run obscene deficits? (Hint: check his record from Graham Rudman on.)  Would he raid the
last of the Social Security surplus to line his friends' pockets?  He
may have voted for Patriot I (along with virtually the whole
Congress), but he's making restoring our rights a major issue.  I
think one of the philosophers said the key to knowledge is not seeing
similarities, but differences.
Howie Goodell
On Wed, 11 Aug 2004 17:08:29 +0200 (CEST), Thomas Shaddack

@_date: 2004-08-10 04:06:39
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: Re: Michael Moore in Cambridge (download speech) 
Yeah, and Paul Revere rode to Lexington to promote his silversmithing
business.  "A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and
the value of nothing."  Mr. Moore speaks eloquently for the Left, the
Center, and even former right-wing folks like me to join forces to get
rid of the most cynical, opportunistic, divisive, and un-American
administration since Richard Nixon's.  Don't whine next year about the
terrible Administration if you don't take your chance this year to
replace it with a much more reasonable one.
Howie Goodell
