
@_date: 2013-08-28 05:02:23
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Implementations, attacks on DHTs, Mix Nets? 
Hash: SHA1
When we designed PNRP, I was pretty adamant to avoid this business of storing other people's data. We assumed that your data would be stored locally. The cost is a bit of added synchronization cost, effectively scaling as the number of records that have to be published. But if you are looking at a P2P name server type application, there are very few such records. Basically, the less nodes rely on strangers, the better.

@_date: 2013-08-26 01:04:13
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Implementations, attacks on DHTs, Mix Nets? 
Of course the data can be signed, encrypted, etc. But the rule of the game
is that the adversary can manufacture as many peers as they want --
something known as the Sybil attack. They can then perform various forms of
denial. For example, the connectivity of the DHT generally relies on connectivity
between nodes of similar indices. The attackers can research hashes that
fall very near the hash of the target node, add the corresponding nodes in
the DHT, and effectively place themselves in the path of DHT traffic meant
for the target node. This enables passive traffic analysis, and active
denial of service.
Another potential attack is to get node indices close to that of a popular
resource, effectively becoming the repository of record for that resource.
Again, that enables passive traffic analysis, e.g. finding who accesses a
specific resource, and also active denial of service attacks.
If the attackers can manufacture enough virtual nodes, they obtain control
of the network. They can use that passively for global traffic analysis.
They can also engineer selective disruption, inject traffic to DOS specific
nodes, and other fun games.
Bottom line, anonymous DHT are fragile.
If we want something robust, we have to forgo the mathematical elegance of
the DHT, and adopt a network structure in which nodes only connect to peers
that they trust. You could call that "networks of friends." That removes the
nice O(log N) properties of the DHT, and it becomes hard to guarantee that
all queries will converge. But the network becomes much harder to penetrate.
The old Freenet had a structure like that.

@_date: 2013-08-25 23:42:57
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Implementations, attacks on DHTs, Mix Nets? 
I studied such systems intensely, and designed some
( Using a
distributed hash table securely is really hard. The basic idea of DHT is
that information is spread on the network based on matches between the hash
of a resource identifier and the hash of a node identifier. All nodes are
effectively relying on every other node. In an open network, that is pretty
much equivalent to "relying on the goodness of strangers." You can be sure
that if our buddies at the NSA set up to watch the content of a DHT, they
will succeed.

@_date: 2013-09-02 20:14:00
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
I would be very surprised if they had gotten any assistance from Microsoft.
It goes against the grain. Microsoft engineers are really indoctrinated with
the "trustworthy computing" agenda, with mandatory security training every
year, specialized design reviews, code reviews, tests and all that. Not
saying there are no bugs or oversights in Microsoft's code, but a deliberate
action like that is very unlikely. Also, It would be very difficult to keep
something like that secret for long, and the leak would have dire effects on
the company's reputation.

@_date: 2013-09-09 04:29:35
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Why prefer symmetric crypto over public key	crypto? 
Hash: SHA1
There is however a little fly in that particular ointment. Sure, we can develop system that manage pairwise keys, store them safely, share them between several user devices. But what about PFS? Someday, the pairwise key will be compromised, and the NSA will go back to the archives to decrypt everything. We could certainly devise a variant of DH that use the pairwise key to verify the integrity of the session keys, but that brings the public key technology back in the picture. Maybe I am just ignorant, but I don't know how to get PFS using just symmetric key algorithms. Does someone know better?

@_date: 2013-09-08 03:06:53
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Why prefer symmetric crypto over public key crypto? 
I am certainly not going to advocate Internet-scale KDC. But what if the application does not need to scale more than a "network of friends?"

@_date: 2013-10-20 17:27:53
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Mail Lists In the Post-Snowden Era 
like?  Is it inherently just an open discussion?  Or could we come up with to make it as free-flowing and easy to participate in and manage as I know of several attempts to do that, and the conclusion always seems to be
that e-mail is not the right tool for this job, and that specialized
bulletin boards are much easier to deploy.
It is pretty clear that end-to-end e-mail encryption using PGP or S-MIME
does not work for large groups. You end up having to solve the "distribution
of the key to a large group," which is a variant of "sharing a secret with a
large number of people," pretty much an oxymoron. If you want a solution
that can actually be deployed, you have to send securely to the mail
reflector, and have the mail reflector send securely to each subscriber.
That could be done, but still would not solve "anonymous posting."
It would be much easier to switch to a bulletin board format. Imagine
something like Slashdot, but with authenticated TLS access to the server.
Once a subscriber is authenticated, they get the option to post anonymously.
All subscribers can read the messages with a web interface. Clearly that
puts a lot of trust in the server, but no more trust than we put in the
current e-mail reflectors. If you place the server in a country with
appropriate privacy laws, and if the server management can be audited by
some trusted subset of the community, you should be good.

@_date: 2013-12-12 16:54:01
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
There are some big There is probably more than one gap. In fact, I see five fairly big issues:
getting your own certificate, getting the right software in your mail
client, getting the certificates of your peers, managing multiple computers,
and working with web applications.
With PGP, getting a certificate translates to installing the PGP capable
software. Last time I tried it involved downloading GPG. With S-MIME, it
involves finding the well hidden security menu in Outlook, which then points
to series of certificate providers. Then, finding a provider you like,
paying the required fee, and again finding the right menu to have the
software installed in Outlook. In short, in both cases it requires jumping
through hoops.
Outlook has S-MIME built in, but if you want to use PGP you have to use a
plug-in. That means finding an adequate plug-in, paying for it, downloading
it, and making sure that it is kept up to date. With PGP, the list of peer's keys is managed in the local key ring. There
are good reasons for that, but it is a different management than the address
book. That means using different procedures to find keys, import them, etc.
I have no idea how to do that for S-MIME.
Mostly, I use Outlook. But I use Outlook on 3 different computers and on a
smartphone. If someone sends me encrypted e-mail, I currently decrypt it on
exactly one of these computers, mostly because I did not bother install the
PGP plug-in on the other ones. Even if I did, I would have to copy my
private to each of those. Then there is the little problem of mail clients. How exactly can I use one
of these without providing my private key to the service?
Some of that could be fixed rather easily. For example, it would not take
too much effort to have an S-MIME option to use self-signed certificates, or
an option to add the peers certificates to the address book entry. It would
require somehow securing the address book, but that's necessary anyhow --
why bother spoofing the key if you can spoof another field, e.g. a subtle
typo in the e-mail address? Replicating the certificate to multiple email clients probably requires some
secure storage on a server, but that can certainly be done. It will require
work, and integration with the mail client.
The web part is the hardest. I could see something like the javascript
crypto API loading the private key from a secure server, and providing a
service to the mail clients, but the details can be very hard to get right.

@_date: 2014-11-17 21:26:52
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
they start joyfully singing to
Do you really believe that the folks who pushed the IAB statement are not
aware of that?
Of course it is easy to be cynical. "Obscure standard outfit puts up a
statement. The spooks must be shaking in their boots." But it takes time to
update a bunch of IETF standards, and to undo what the IAB called "our
addiction to plain text." So instead of being cynical I would rather take
the statement for what it is, a step in a journey.
By the way, there were many such steps taken during last week's meeting. A
Wi-Fi network was dedicated to experimentation of MAC randomization. The
DHCP working group started discussions of privacy issues. A specific working
group starts working on DNS privacy. The work on TCP encryption progresses.
Lots of efforts on TLS profiles and deployments. All that may be going at a glacial pace, but there is something good about
glaciers. They are hard to stop.

@_date: 2014-11-17 21:26:52
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
they start joyfully singing to
Do you really believe that the folks who pushed the IAB statement are not
aware of that?
Of course it is easy to be cynical. "Obscure standard outfit puts up a
statement. The spooks must be shaking in their boots." But it takes time to
update a bunch of IETF standards, and to undo what the IAB called "our
addiction to plain text." So instead of being cynical I would rather take
the statement for what it is, a step in a journey.
By the way, there were many such steps taken during last week's meeting. A
Wi-Fi network was dedicated to experimentation of MAC randomization. The
DHCP working group started discussions of privacy issues. A specific working
group starts working on DNS privacy. The work on TCP encryption progresses.
Lots of efforts on TLS profiles and deployments. All that may be going at a glacial pace, but there is something good about
glaciers. They are hard to stop.

@_date: 2014-12-01 00:49:19
@_author: "Christian Huitema" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Toxic Combination 
That would be a nice entry in the underhanded crypto contest. Given dictionary attacks, digest authentication is hardly better than plain text.
If we want a better solution, we have to implement something like AKE.

@_date: 2019-01-24 21:51:39
@_author: Christian Huitema 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Implementing full Internet IPv6 end-to-end encryption based on Cryptographically  
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
 boundary="------------D45CA284FC409D88FB8D172C"
Content-Language: en-US
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
