
@_date: 2004-11-30 17:08:18
@_author: Hydroderm 
@_subject: Better than Botox 
If you're concerned about wrinkles (and who isn't these days?), please read on.
Hydroderm.com, a website offering cutting-edge health & beauty products, is making a very generous offer to encourage you to test their new product Hydroderm. Hydroderm is an all-natural anti-aging and anti-wrinkle solution that can make you look years younger. It's clinically proven to:
* Improve Skin Tone
* Increase Skin Firmness
* Reduce Appearances of Wrinkles
* Rejuvenate Your Skin
* Increase moisture level of skin
For a limited time, you can test it by ordering a free 14-day Trial. (It's really remarkable the results come THAT quickly!)
Click Here
Click to read a detailed side-by side comparison of Hydroderm with Botox(R), the new skin injection treatment getting so much attention. Hydroderm costs less, doesn't require a prescription, needs NO PAINFUL INJECTIONS, and has no known side effects.
Click Here
Testimonials from satisfied users:
"I skeptically started using Hydroderm two weeks ago to reduce the laugh lines around my eyes. To my surprise, it actually worked! My deep laugh lines are significally reduced and my fine lines are disappearing." - Connie, age 30
"I love how easy it is to use Hydroderm. I carry it with me so I can use it any time. The lines are much less noticeable around my eyes and since I've been using Hydroderm people think I look 10 years younger!" Regina Stewart, age 37
"I use Hydroderm all over my face, neck, chest and the tops of my hands. In addition to my wrinkles appearing much smaller, my skin is smoother, moister and all around younger looking. My friends think I've had laser surgery. Nothing I have ever tried before has worked as well or as quickly as Hydroderm." - Gina Sullivan, age 45
Look ten years younger? Sounds great! Be sure to take advantage of Hydroderm's 14-day trial while you still can!
Click Here
To unsubscribe from future Hydroderm 14- Day offers please click here:
Adv Hydroderm 14- Day
11240 Playa Court
Culver City, CA 90230
This is a commercial advertisement which you have received because you have registered to receive special offers and promotions through one of our affiliate networks.
To be removed from future mailings please go to the unsubscribe link or send postal mail to the following corporate address:
3940 Laurel Canyon Blvd., Studio City, CA 91604
If you would like to stop receiving our mailings, please click:
Report this email as unsolicited: To unsubscribe from future Hydroderm 14- Day offers, please click hereAdv Hydroderm 14- Day . 11240 Playa Court . Culver City . CA . 90230
This is a commercial advertisement which you have received because you have registered to receive special notices through one of our affiliate networks.  To stop receiving future mailings please go to the link below or send postal mail to the following corporate address:
3940 Laurel Canyon Blvd., Studio City, CA 91604
If you would like to stop receiving our mailings, please click this link. Report this email as unsolicited.
