
@_date: 2011-06-13 13:55:38
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
Um, Adam, that's the very definition of a pyramid scheme :)
No-one need lose as long as the size of the user base grows, long term!
So everyone is incentivised to bring in new victims^H^H^H^H^H^H users :P
That's why they're illegal, typically.
Um, yeah, whatever.  Look, whatever you do, don't tell anyone of your friends or family to invest in it.
No, but the scenario is incomplete:  Those speculating on an increase in value will realise it has reached stability.  So they'll sell.  Which will cause a reduction in value.  Which will cause a run, as those that didn't understand the mechanics of a pyramid scheme get their rude lesson.

@_date: 2011-06-13 03:27:54
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
Right, not to money.  But it applies to value which was what earlier poster was talking about.  He had allegedly put small value in and got large value out.
In economics terms, although a monetary unit strives to be a store of value, sometimes it fails to do that.  Value being distinct from the price at which any particular monetary unit trades at.  (Monies tend to be better units of exchange, perhaps simply because we can do math these days, and they hold for at least instant trades.  And people tend to confuse the price with value.  And confuse money with value...)
The laws of economics are like gods.  You don't have to subscribe and obey them every day, nor sacrifice your children to them on a yearly schedule.  But you have to respect them and be careful not to anger them.
More on point for BitCoin, without a gesture towards the god of store of value -- some fundamental relationship to something that humans value -- then the unit flaunts itself at will, flying like Icarus as high as it feels.  As we can see, it flies skywards as the crowd rushes in (notice the upticks in media discussion), and it will collapse just as quickly when they rush out again.
:)  I don't disagree, opinions on gold, etc, as exercises for the reader.
Back to crypto (soon).
How to do this properly?  Well, the simple way is to elect to denominate the unit in some alternate well understood other monetary unit.  So for example, the typical thing is to denominate in USD.  You have a field in the packets that says "USD" and each 1 is worth a dollar.  You have another field for however many of those, say 10.  Simple.
We can therefore see that someone has to make that "worth" mean something, so for this we need an "issuer" sometimes known as Ivan. It's beyond the scope of a crypto list to discuss this in depth, but typically Ivan would deposit $1 for every issued electronic dollar in some bank account somewhere.
A more complicated way is to /describe the value/ so for example also describe how your deposits weren't to be stolen.  Imagine that you overcame the obvious objections to the above by saying you were going to bury gold bricks in your backyard on your private island (as mentioned in some novels).  The way to do this is a /contract/ which is a defined format of promise to deliver, date, consideration, etc.  You write that down in boring ascii:
     "I promise to bury one gram of gold
     in my backyard at approx geoloc X,Y, and
     promise to redeem that on presentation
     of one electronic gold gram.  Etc etc."
*Now we get to the crypto*  How do you make that contract work in digital form?  Well, you have to /agree/ and you have to be /seen to agree/ by your holder-buyer-customer-user.  In detail, every time, unwavering, unforgiven.  So:
    * add in some details (elided here).
    * append your public key to the end of the document.
    * sign the document in cleartext using standard digital signature
      (OpenPGP works well, x509 can be easily hacked to do the same).
    * take a message digest of the resultant signed document.
    * stick the MD in every packet as the indicator of which contract.
Then, the act of making the first payment(s) of digital issuance includes your MD which includes your PK sig, which then all entangle into every subsequent payment.  This process creates an undefeatable chain of evidence over your contracted promise, as well as locking down a whole host of other details such as stopping anyone inserting false payments into the entangled hash sequence.
Hey presto, the cryptographic signature finally comes good as a describer of value, and makes payments really work.
PS: google on Ricardian Contract for more.  It's an open concept.  It uses a sensible dollop of crypto over a base of classical governance.

@_date: 2011-06-12 23:26:15
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
I do agree whole heartedly that this is a great fun experiment, and worthy of attention.  It has pushed the boundaries of what we've known and is possible.  Its solution is indeed elegant.
Hmmm!  So the innovators invested rather little, and came out with a lot.  Always attractive :)  And from PLC, we can agree that the innovators may deserve some compensation for the risk of a dodgy product.
However.  Unless the laws of financial conservation have been repealed by the design, those who follow have to invest a lot and come out with Sounds like a very perceptive man, I wonder what he would have thought of Ireland today?
In every bubble, there are those that see it is working in practice, and are benefitting from it.  (E.g., the banks really loved subprime.... I mean, they *really truly loved subprime* !!!)
Then there are those who are to come, later, and lose.  Finally, there are those who have to clean up.
When Fitgerald asks whether the theory is against the new innovation, I suspect he's asking whether the supporters/beneficiaries are expecting him to be in the last group, the clean up crew [1] ?
In this context, the practice tells us what is happening now.  $10 and rising!  Yoo hoo!
The theory will tell us what is likely to happen in the future.
[] Keynes replies from his grave, "in the long run, we're all dead."

@_date: 2011-06-12 12:23:38
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
The best way to think of this is from the marketing concepts of "product diffusion" or "product life cycle".
The challenge for the new product is to migrate from left to center to right of that graph in above link.  In doing so, the newer groups come to dominate the earlier groups, and the earlier groups typically fall away.
Recall the video story?  The innovators got in very early, and bought Betamax because it was better quality.  But they got stuck when the market was captured by the VHS system.  So lesson  is that early groups are risking punishment.  Same story for DVD.
Also, the backroom story for video was that the porn films, the big market that lifted the revenues of the distribution chains, and made it worthwhile.  These products/people/chains kept the industry alive while it built up steam for the mainstream.  Lesson  -- you need these strange uncomfortable groups to get to where you want to get.
Later on, as more mainstream comes into play, these strange uncomfortable groups can be eased out.  Or they go somewhere else, or we change our minds about them.  We also write them out of history...
So, as far as recreational pharma product is concerned, this is typical of these things (if that is what it is).  E.g., SSL certificates early revenue was also porn, Paypal had some dodgy customers, and for e-gold, it was ponzis / games that pushed the business into the black.
The challenge is what to do next, how to grow up.  This is going to be practically impossible for BitCoin because it has no guiding hand like e.g., Paypal had.  It's only got the invisible hand, which suits the innovators fine ... but it also means it hasn't got much of a chance of going mainstream.

@_date: 2011-06-11 22:57:46
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
Unfortunately, those in central banks and other similar places have largely forgotton a lot of the processes of new issuance.  Also, they are really only familiar with their own type of issuance (e.g., worried about inflation).  They don't need more knowledge because it is no advantage to them to promote free market issuance.
Issuance is somewhat a lost art.  Before 1900 or so we knew a lot more because free banking was prevalent.  The 20th century can be described as the century of the central bank, which unfortunately split the issuance of monies into various components, so the knowledge stagnated and dispersed.  What then became important to central banks as custodians of the already issued national unit was monetary economics, which isn't the same thing as issuance.
Some of that knowledge has been re-learnt in the financial cryptography tradition.  You can see some of the lessons in e.g., the history of Paypal, e-gold, webmoney, goldmoney etc.  Other parts of that knowledge are vested in IPOs and the bond markets.  Yet other parts are found in contract law, accounting, and governance.  Another important part would be applications, which could be seen as a cross between software architecture and startup venture innovation.
I wrote a paper about John Levine's observation of low knowledge, way back in 2000, called "Financial Cryptography in 7 Layers."  The sort of unstated thesis of this paper was that in order to understand this area you had to become very multi-discipline, you had to understand up to 7 general areas.  And that made it very hard, because most of the digital cash startups lacked some of the disciplines.

@_date: 2011-06-11 14:22:08
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
A requirement for a bubble would be a promise of ever-growing value, the rest is just the marketing.
Yes, this is what I mean by the obsession against government monies, which makes people vulnerable to putting their value into alternate currencies.  Their desire to thumb their nose against the government outweights their desire to manage value wisely.  To the extent that people put their funtime income into this, it's the same as movies, gambling, porn.  Fine, but some people will inevitably invest their fortunes in it...
What is most extraordinary about the current thing -- and what tends to confirm "bubble" to me -- is that the same people who were desperate for the privacy promise of blinded bearer coins are projecting their old privacy beliefs on the nymous BitCoin:
The biggest drive towards the use of Bitcoins on sites like Silk Road is that they supposedly cannot be traced [1]. However, a member of the Bitcoin core development team told Gawker that "...because all Bitcoin transactions are recorded in a public log, though the identities of all the parties are anonymous, law enforcement could use sophisticated network analysis techniques to parse the transaction flow and track down individual Bitcoin users."
Such a comparison was denied vociferously in bearer days.  Blinded transactions were the only way to do it, and the nymous architecture now seen in BitCoin was considered evil because the issuer could supposedly see "all".
Worse than a private nymous system, this one is public?!  What could be easier to datamine than a public database?  Give me a public database and a handful of subpoenas, and this thing goes down.
[1] Note confused terms there.  BitCoin can be traced, but the holders aren't identified.  This is called "nymous" in the trade.  In contrast, bearer coins could not be traced, but typically the holders had identified accounts.  "Untraceable."  One system achieves privacy through a perpetual public key account mechanism, the other through an untraceable transfer between known persons.  You can take these axes and combine them to create 4 spaces if you desire...

@_date: 2011-06-11 12:41:10
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
Cryptographically and computer-science-wise, very elegant.  But that doesn't mean they are useful properties to any particular application.
We expect money to be a store of value, among a few other things. BitCoin has nothing in it that speaks to that goal, that I can see [0].   This anti-property would however make it more ideal for a bubble [1].
Quite how to fix that and retain the decentralised control aspect, I'm unsure.  The essence of a contract is that someone delivers something to someone else;  without that first party (which speaks to centralisation at some level) it is hard.
Can we have a community promise that maintains in a distributed contract?  And delivers a store of value?  I'm not sure.  It's certainly an interesting thought experiment, I think I can see how to make it work, but not in the current circumstance.
That could be!  At an architectural level, I think that community is far too obsessed with the "big bad government" scenario when it comes to money issuance [2].  And looking for ways around this, when money is a far more complex subject than just one attacker.
In this sense, DigiCash and BitCoin are cypherpunk bubbles [3].  When we run out of geeks to be fascinated with the cryptographic elegance, the currency will collapse.
[0] It may be that people see decentralisation, and the algorithmic control over volumes as being that store of value.  But this is to confuse the primary requirement (store of value) with the secondary governance techniques used by some issuers (i.e., governments) who have a particular flaw of inflation to deal with.  IOW, BitCoin's design might be more appropriate if it were run by a government, perversely.
[1] E.g., tulip bulbs were not a store of value (I don't think they could last over the season, they had to be grown that season) whereas it is extremely rare for housing "bubbles" to collapse more than half their peak.  And normally it's like 10-20% of their peak, which is not really a bubble, just a correction from a bit too much exhuberance.
[2] David Chaum made the same mistake when he replicated the hand-to-hand payments transaction in blinding digitial coins.  His obsession with preserving the privacy feature implemented in the h2h method led to a very elegant cryptographic breakthrough, but took him too far away from the meaning of money and the consumer's real needs in making trade & transactions.  A privacy thing that isn't used as money isn't much use.  For another small example, the geeks amongst us insisted on client programs to manage the money, but the world transacts these days on browser access (Which by the bye requires some form of client-server architecture).  Which can be seen with Paypal;  oldtimers will recall it was originally a client program on Palm Pilots doing hand-to-hand transfers.
[3] and, the various other ne'redowellers in there.

@_date: 2011-06-12 13:12:08
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] attacks against bitcoin 
It depends on what the intention or objective of the attack is.  And that depends on the threat actor.
For example, a phishing threat actor would be looking to steal money. Whereas the state actor would be looking to figure out who is doing what, to attack out of band.  A competitor would look to attack the reputation, by e.g., disruption to reliability or mud flinging.  A retailer / consumer would look to dump liability.  Insiders would look to extract rents.
Each of these interests from diverse parties result in different attractivenesses to different threat scenarios, many of them uncorrelated.  Some of the scenarios and assets can be protected ("mitigated") by tech/crypto, but typically most cannot, and require non-tech mitigations.
To go any distance on this, you'd rapidly end up doing a major risk analysis, a lot of work.
The alternative is to start from the classical CIA, etc.  The problem with that is it that it is someone else's threat model, not yours.  You really don't want to discover who that someone is after you've built your system, it'll so ruin your appetite.

@_date: 2011-06-13 13:03:59
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] Is BitCoin a triple entry system? 
Yes, so back to crypto, or at least financial cryptography.
The accounting layer in a money system implemented in financial cryptography is responsible for reliably [1] holding and reporting the numbers for every transaction and producing an overall balance sheet of an issue.
It is in this that BitCoin may have its greatest impact -- it may have shown the first successful widescale test of triple entry [2].
Triple entry is a simple idea, albeit revolutionary to accounting.  A triple entry transaction is a 3 party one, in which Alice pays Bob and Ivan intermediates.  Each holds the transaction, making for triple copies.
To make a transaction, Alice signs over a payment instruction to Bob with her public-key-based signature [3].  Ivan the issuer then packages the payment request into a receipt, and that receipt becomes the This transaction is digitally signed by multiple parties, including at least one independent party [4].  It then becomes a powerful evidence of the transaction [5].
The final receipt *is the entry*.  Then, the *collection of signed receipts* becomes the accounts, in accounting terms.  Which collection replaces ones system of double entry bookkeeping, because the single digitally signed receipt is a better evidence than the two entries that make up the transaction, and the collection of signed receipts is a better record than the entire chart of accounts [6].
A slight diversion to classical bookkeeping, as replacing double entry bookkeeping is a revolutionary idea.  Double entry has been the bedrock of corporate accounting for around 700 years, since documentation by a Venetian Friar named Luca Pacioli.  The reason is important, very important, and may resonate with cryptographers, so let's digress to there.
Double entry achieves the remarkable trick of separating out mishaps from frauds.  The problem with single entry (what people do when making lists of numbers and adding them up) is that the person can leave off a number, and no-one is the wiser [7].  We can't show the person as either a bad bookkeeper or as a fraudulent bookkeeper.  This achilles heel of primitive accounting meant that the bookkeeping limited the business to the size with which it could maintain honest bookkeepers.
Where, honest bookkeepers equals family members.  All others, typically, stole the boss's money.  (Family members did too, but at least for the good of the family.)  So until the 1300s and 1400s, most all businesses were either crown-owned, in which case the monarch lopped off the head of any doubtful bookkeeper, *or* were family businesses.
The widespread adoption of double-entry through the Italian trading ports led to the growth of business beyond the limits of family.  Double entry therefore was the keystone to the enterprise, it was what created the explosion of trading power of the city states in now-Italy [8].
Back to triple entry.  The digitally signed receipt dominates the two entries of double entry because it is exportable, independently verifiable, and far easier for computers to work with.  Double entry requires a single site to verify presence and preserve resiliance, the signed receipt does not.
There is only one area where a signed receipt falls short of complete evidence and that is when a digital piece of evidence can be lost.  For this reason, all three of Alice, Bob and Ivan keep hold of a copy.  All three combined have the incentive to preserve it;  the three will police each other.
Back to BitCoin.  BitCoin achieves the issuer part by creating a distributed and published database over clients that conspire to record the transactions reliably.  The idea of publishing the repository to make it honest was initially explored in Todd Boyle's netledger design.
We each independently converged on the concept of triple entry.  I believe that is because it is the optimal way to make digital value work on the net;  even when Nakomoto set such hard requirements as no centralised issuer, he still seems to have ended up at the same point: Alice, Bob and something I'll call Ivan-Borg holding single, replicated copies of the cryptographically sealed transaction.
With that foundation, we can trade.
In 2005, the SEC looked at my triple entry implementation, and....
...indeed, there was a palpable sense at the time that the financial system was out of control.  They were looking at this thing with worried It's an open question as to whether triple entry in any of its variants (Todd Boyle's, mine or Satoshi's designs) would have changed things for the financial crisis of 2007 +/-.  I think the answer is;  it was way too late to effect it.  But, it wouldn't have hurt, and with other things added in [9], the sum would have changed things, assuming widespread implementation.
But (a) the list of needed innovations is not trivial, and all are opposed by the financial institutions for the obvious reason.
Also, (b) it has to be said that at the bottom of the financial crisis is securitization, which changes everything about finance [10].  And I do mean everything :)  Without understanding the role that securitization plays, talking about triple entry or toxic assets or ratings agencies or bad behaviour or poor people or whatever is pretty much doomed to irrelevance.
Which is how they like it!
This one winds all the way to [11] ...
[1] reliably here means to play its part in the overall security model against attacks of fraud, etc.
[2] this rant is essentially a highly compressed version of:
[3] there is an intermediate step here where Bob can also sign the payment into a deposit instruction, thus confirming acceptance.  But this can be optimised out.
[4] think here of European Notaries, responsible to both parties to [5] crypto people would recall the term "non-repudiable" although that is out of favour; "non-repudiation is repudiated :).  BitCoin paper uses the term "non-reversible."  Finance prefers terms like "final settlement.  Legal people look for "evidence."  I choose the legal term here because in a dispute their opinion matters more.
[6] this is not really apparent on paper, only in code and implementation (aka issues).
[7] all of this logic is applicable & analogous & consistent when the bookkeepers are computers...
[8] accounting history does not accept this point as proven.  Having seen the difference of both double entry and triple entry in accounting systems, I'd say its clear.  But historians don't have the benefit of seeing accounting systems stuff up in glorious fashion, they only have the dry old parchments to work from.
[9] another of the things essential on the list is final settlement / irreversibility / non-repudiation, as pioneered in many digital cash schemes.  c.f., Mutual Funds Scandal.
[10] Everything important about the financial crisis in 4 short essays, start here:
[11]

@_date: 2011-06-16 17:37:39
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] Is Bitcoin legal? 
Right.  Or more particularly, he asked:
     "... I can?t help wondering why
     Bitcoins aren?t unregistered securities."
And the answer is that the registrar of securities defines what the securites are, and the SEC's definition is a long way away from BitCoin.
     "Uh-oh?  Maybe someone will be hearing from the SEC?"
No, that's not how the SEC works.  The SEC is a responding organisation.   They only deal when there is a complaint.  Even when there is a complaint, they will try their best to ignore it.  C.f, Madoff, which was dealing in securities.
If there is an interest, it will come from UST, via USSS.
Nod. A security is a contract where something is secured by one party to the benefit of another.  We're missing the three components here, so where do we start?  Who's going to complain and what's their complaint?
Rock on...

@_date: 2011-07-19 21:09:52
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] OTR and deniability 
(I suspect a confusion here.  A plaintext is a document, whereas "he said, she said" is witnessed or hearsay.  They have wildly different effects in court, under interrogation.)
Actually, I suspect not.  I humbly submit to the court that a plaintext document plus the presence of OTR is somewhat less deniable than a plaintext document by itself, which are both less deniable than a non-existing document.
Perhaps we could lump this under the law of unexpected consequences?
Part of the problem I have semantically with OTR is that it isn't OTR. The presence of a record means it is on the record.  While OTR-the-product might be attempting to decrease the tamper-resistance qualities of the document, there is manifestly a document.  And such presence tends to outweigh in real life any advantage gained by tampering.
If it was truly OTR, it would turn off the record.  That's what it means, the tape stops rolling, the typist stops typing.
Probably we can't achieve precisly that, within the context of p2p communications without TCBs.  But we can come close.  There are possibilities:  Counterparties can contract to delete the record afterwards, exposing themselves to civil claims if this is not done. Further, it might be possible to make declarations under penalties of perjury that the record has been deleted.  Or, we could IPR it, or even invoke DMCA over it, and have the OTR application do the deed under a technological protection.
I'm not suggesting that this be done;  just that it seems to be evident that OTR doesn't take much in the way of steps to take something "off the record."  What it does achieve, IMHO, is make it easier for a court to rule against a false repudiation.  This is hard to see as an advantage to the users, who might be tempted to talk as if they can later deny the conversation.  E.g., wikipedia, that notably deniable authority, says:
"The primary motivation behind the protocol was providing deniability for the conversation participants while keeping conversations confidential, like a private conversation in real life, or off the record in journalism sourcing."
iang, the other other one

@_date: 2011-07-18 23:48:37
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] OTR and deniability 
Back in the 1980s, a little thing called public key cryptography gave birth to a metaphor called the "digital signature" which some smart cryptographers thought to be a technological analogue of the human manuscript act of signing.
It wasn't, but this didn't stop the world spending vast sums to experiment with it.  They still are, in Europe.  Oh well, that would have been OK as long as it didn't hurt anyone.
But it gets worse.  Those same cryptographic dreamers theorised that because their mathematics was so damn elegant, the maths couldn't lie. So, they could promote a "non-repudiable signature" as a technological advance over ink & quill.  The maths was undeniable, right?  Although these days we know better, that "non-repudiation" is a crock, we still have people running around promoting it, and old text books suggesting it as an important cryptographic feature.
Repudiation is a legal right, it's a valuable option within dispute resolution, not a mathematical variable to solve out of the equation.
You can't mathematise away legal rights, any more than you can democratise poverty away in the middle east, nor militarise pleasure away in a random war on drugs.
OTR makes the same error.  It takes a very interesting mathematical property, and extend it into the hard human world, as if the words carry the same meaning.  Perhaps, once upon a time, in some TV court room drama, someone got away with lying about a document?  From this, OTR suggests that mathematics can help you deny a transcript?  It can't.  It can certainly muddy the waters, it can certainly give you enough rope to hang yourself, but what it can't do is give some veneer of "it didn't happen."  Not in court, not in the hard world of humans.
I am reminded of a film _A few good men_ which is somewhat apropos of those two young kids wasting away in some afghan shithole that passes for military justice.  It's that well known scene where Cruise traps Nickolson in to undenying his repudiation:
    Kaffee: *Did you order the Code Red* ?
    Col. Jessep: *Youre Goddamn right I did* !
That's repudiation, real life version.  And that's what happens to it, as summed up by Kafee afterwards:  "the witness has rights..." Mathematics has no place there, as is shown by all the other muddy evidence in the case.

@_date: 2011-07-14 11:53:28
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] OTR and deniability 
I believe it is germane to anyone designing crypto protocols to understand how they actually impact in user-land.  This particular one is a running sore for me because of its outrageous claim of deniability.
The *claim made by OTR is to provide technological deniability* as opposed to any non-technological status.  Its non-technical deniability is zilch.
Unfortunately, outside the technology, it is trivial to prove the logs as authentic.  This is confusing for the technologists as they are trying to create a perfect security product, and they believe that technology rules.  What they've failed to realise is that real life provides some trivial bypasses, and in this situation, they may very well be creating more harm -- by sucking people into a false sense of Design of security systems is tough, it is essential to include the human elements in the protocol, elsewise we end up with elegant but useless features.  Sometimes we enter into danger, as is seen with OTR or BitCoin, where a technological elegance causes people to lose their common sense and grasp of reality.
Dunno.  Could be.  Evidence of a false sense of security, to me.
On the specific legal case:  well, nothing we see in open press will really be reliable.  You're looking at the USG going for broke against a couple of lonely mixed up people who USG mistakenly let near a TS site.   It will be a total mess.  Mincemeat, fubar, throw away the key.  The case will see all sorts of mud thrown up, with both sides trying their darndest to muddy the waters.
 From the external pov, there will be no clarity.  Nothing really to say or think, except, ... don't make that mistake?  Relying on crypto blahblah promises like OTR or PGP when you're about to release a wikileaks treasure trove doesn't sound like rational thinking to me.

@_date: 2011-08-20 21:01:40
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] Smart card with external pinpad 
Yes.  A problem with smart cards is that they typically aren't secure by themselves, they typically require a secure interface device.
(Unless we're talking about some of the more advanced digital cash designs, but they have the advantage of a simplified security goal.)
It all depends what you mean by "the host".  Typically, the reader is part of the hard security boundary, and it exports some safe high-level API.  In rollouts, the reader is also a heavily branded item that the customer is supposed to learn, so as to avoid sticking the card into any old slot.
Where you've got some pass-through reader connected to a PC, all bets are off!  That's a breach of the security model.  Or a development kit.   Or a bankers' liability shifting model :P
There are.  They're called cellphones.  Problem is, until recently they weren't hackable so easily.  Apple then Google fixed that, so maybe we'll see more use in the future.

@_date: 2011-09-18 09:18:13
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] The consequences of DigiNotar's failure 
I don't think there is any doubt that people can die because of breached communications.  No need to look at the Iranians, just look at the US CIA, and the intel feeding into drones.
The question of causality is one that is very difficult to determine, absent some pattern revealed by WikiLeaks (who have been accused as well).
However causality is also very important.  Without some historical pattern of facts, we're all speculating to a greater or lesser degree. How confident are we of that?
This is a sadly inaccurate statement.  Most people working actively and aggressively against unconstrained governments know diddly squat about tech.  The communities have frequent roll-over, frequent recruitment. The techies working with them are under considerable pressure to deliver, and often make basic mistakes.
Yes, definately.  Open question:  did the 9/11 guys use HTTPS?  Or just HTTP?  I'm still searching for a case where it makes a clear difference.
(Their main counter-intel coup was to understand that the threat model better than their enemy.  Their technique was to open an ordinary Yahoo style account, share the account, then open up a draft email, and share that!  Never send it, just edit and delete, over and over.  The NSA which were presumably hoovering all sent emails ... never saw a thing.)
! OK, I'll bite.  How does one offload liability by using the cloud?
(Note that liability is the keystone to the PKI debate....  Understand the liability transfers and you understand why it's SNAFU.)

@_date: 2011-09-16 17:28:17
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [cryptography] The consequences of DigiNotar's failure 
IMNSHO, 1% of technically savvy users will have any view that there is a flaw with SSL secured e-mail.  Then, technically savvy users are about 1% of the general population.  I'd expect around 0.01% of the population to have this clue.
Would you be willing to bet your life on that?

@_date: 2011-09-24 10:03:26
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] Nirvana 
Yes.  This is one reason why my system was built out of psuedonyms, with blinding as an added feature [0]. At the ultimate accounting, massive theft could be dealt with.  With expense.  I think I had to close out an account only once tho.
How's BitCoin doing?
I saw two issues, being the lack of a substantial grounding in contractual valuation (design issue), and the rather dodgy hackability of the software (implementation issue).  In the event, these two conspired to cause volatility that makes the big markets look like a calm sea...  Fun to watch and play, not recommended to invest :P
[0]  Actually, DigiCash used the same design, they just hid it coz the cypherpunks didn't like it :)

@_date: 2011-09-24 09:55:59
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] Nirvana 
Most PC malware succeeds in controlling an application [0].  These days, more OS support attention is going into stopping a breached app from allowing a hop.  This is Android's sandboxing for example.
Hence, the current advice for phishing is "use another browser," as an analagous situation.
So, people use Firefox for their general work, and reserve Safari for online banking, only [1].  I have actually succeeded in teaching this to my mother, who at 70 or so is quite incapable of dealing with computers at any geek level, but she does follow a script written out on 4 pages to review her bank account.  What's more, she has succeeded in teaching the grandchildren that they can use her laptop but they are banned from using Safari.
Right, exactly!  It's pretty easy to counter any argument by throwing in some theoretical grenade.
    "But wait, all trusted hardware is controlled by the state who perverts the chip makers...."
    "But wait, China manufactures all the chips now, so our state is perverted by their state..."
    "but wait..."
Experimentation cuts this Gordian Knot.  In this sense, the google CA pinning hack is just what the doctor ordered.  That technique was obviously easily destroyed in argumentation by any number of theoretical grenades.  But, code rebuilds what committees destroy.
Which points to a further problem.  As the lifecycle of a crypto system matures, the security apparatus takes on a less fluid form. In the extreme, as all security decisions require approval from external committees [2], the security model becomes concrete, allowing attackers to easily walk around it, on top of it, or through it where the door was nicely left.
The way to understand why this doesn't work is to look up OODA loops.  The consequences of this will destroy a number of myths about security and the Internet...
[0] Dealing with phishing is all about risks, not about theoretical binary security thinking.  For most part that's because the vendors have really not dealt with it, so the users have increased risks, and have had to learn to deal with it using ad hoc methods.
[1] Or, IE, v.v.  I've taken to using Chrome a lot lately but only for a specific purpose.  It's great for gmail, but horribly sugary for news.google.com.  I don't know how anyone can put up with that sort of casino look.
[3] The specific construction in concrete here is that browser vendors look to PKIX for security guidance, and the latter focus on arcane bugs in SSL which have never been exploited in the wild, but really tease the cryptominds in the committees.  So, the blind leading the blind.

@_date: 2011-09-23 18:50:37
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] Nirvana 
If the mission is to design an "adequate low-level retail transaction security system" then TOFU (trust on first use) is perfectly adequate for my money.  If we're talking about credit cards, they already have a defence built into to them, so we're covered both ways.
Right.  And, we actually have that.  The server can use SSL server certs that are self-signed not CA-signed.  At that point, SSL performs pretty much like TOFU.  What is needed then is some security UI work on the browsers to benefit from the TOFU.
The funny thing is that SSL use would expand if we could easily use self-signed.  CAs would benefit, too.  But, trying to talk marketing concepts to vendors is like trying to talk deficit reduction to Yes.  Marrying TOFU with CA-signed works quite well.  It's been demo'd in various plugins.  Having the client pin the certificate to the CA, is more or less the same thing, it's an optimisation that the plugin people discovered in the mid 00's when they worked through the concept.
The advantage of this approach is that the banks would get better protection too, because some of the client-side innovations ("secure bookmarks") would help a lot with phishing.
Assuming one takes the current infrastructure as a starting point :)

@_date: 2011-09-23 11:08:13
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] Nirvana 
I would go TOFU -- trust-on-first-use -- here alone, but replaceable by certs signed by other parties, in a compatible fashion.
I don't understand the leap-of-faith metaphor.  It seems to me that trusting a CA is a leap of faith given that we have to trust all of them, and we know next to nothing about them.  Bad risk analysis there, because we've outsourced it to unknown parties, via other unknown parties.
Whereas when we are doing the TOFU mechanism, we can incorporate all of our local knowledge and decide whether there is any risk in dealing with this merchant.  Good risk analysis.
There is another level of security above that which I guess we'll have to call ultra-security [0]. This is for real time transactions (payment systems or trading) and/or high values, and/or natsec things.
In ultra-sec, we'd download a client securely the supplier, and put it on to a single purpose machine.
[0] Which I call high security.  Banking I generally call medium security ... anything using web browsers isn't really serious IMHO.

@_date: 2011-12-22 09:01:52
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] How are expired code-signing certs revoked? 
Actually there is a much simpler, far more likely explanation:  she's telling the truth:
        she has no idea how it happened or what it means.
The problem of digital signing is that most all the crypto world think that the challenge is to create a a cryptographically secure copy of a signature.  It isn't.
The challenge is to emulate signing, not emulate the signature.  Signing is something else.  It is, in short, making a mark to record a moment in time (in this case likely agreeing to something) so as to remember that In law, we can remember that moment in time by thrusting the image of the signature in front of Alice and saying "did you make that mark?" or in more cautions terms "is that your signature?"  Now, at this stage, if it looks like she did make the mark, *or* it looks like her signature, we can now clarify things fairly quickly.  You can invent a decision tree here, where the interrogation goes one way or another depending on how she responds.
Now try the same thing with a digsig.
     "Alice, did you run the formula that resulted in this number:
            389274928398238742389472398472983...
     over this other number:
            982374982374984759347590348239847...
     that stamped over this over DOC file?"
The right answer, the *ONLY* answer is:  "I have no clue what you just So it fails right there.  A digsig is completely and utterly the most lousy signature ever invented because it has no capability to record in the mind of the utterer the event at the time.  It's disgustingly bad.  A 4 year old child could do better, and often does, with paper and crayons.
(Then, you can imagine the mad-techo-french-smartcard-scientists saying,
     "non!  Sacre blue!  Moment, sil vous plait!
     We put le key en le secure plastique un we bla de bla..."
Well no.  It has no more validity as a signature because it fails to record the moment to the mind of Alice.  Sorry.  It ain't signing.)
Yeah, so the protocol known as signing changes depending on the purpose and value :)
(Oh, yeah, and that's before we get to non-repudiation........ which clashes with law principles at its most foundational...... and if it ever happened would lead to mass rioting and plastique bonfires and rounding up of whoever was responsible.)
Have a merry XMas !
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2011-12-11 12:27:44
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] How are expired code-signing certs revoked? 
Is the logical answer here that you have to treat the signing cert for a CRL at the same level as the root concerned?
So a CRL-signing cert for a sub-root (generally one and the same thing) would (both) want to be revoked at the root level, that is, appear in the CRL as signed by the root.  Whether it works that way in practice, I don't know.  I suppose I should...
In PKI it's a fairly well established principle that the layer one up has to revoke [0].  So, when some roots needed to be revoked recently, browsers had to ship new software.  Vendors are the ueber-CA.  Therefore, the CRL/OCSP certs for a root can only be revoked at software iang, we're all in rat holes together
[0] Unlike PGP where self can revoke self;  there are no layers.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2011-12-10 14:10:36
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] How are expired code-signing certs revoked? 
Sure.  One way to look at this is the pure scientific way.  Several theories have been proposed.  Which best explains the state of the world?
I.e., my theory explains why we're having this conversation, e.g., the multiple "strange directions" and perpetual confusions.
Certificates are different because they make a positive claim that speaks of reliance.  Other stuff doesn't do that (e.g., software).
Software doesn't make a claim, so liability disclaimers probably work fine.  Certificates make a claim, so simply disclaiming the claim is problematic.  One needs a much cleverer integrated strategy in order to neutralise the claim.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2011-12-07 19:34:36
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] How are expired code-signing certs revoked? 
Right, but it's getting closer to the truth.  Here is the missing link.
Revocation's purpose is one and only one thing:  to backstop the liability to the CA.  It does this by marking 3 periods in time:  before reporting to the CA, after reporting but before revocation, and after This creates three windows in time, each of which has separate liabilities.  The first window is zero liability because the CA has not been notified.  The second window is some indeterminate liability.  The third window is no liability because the cert has been revoked.
Some will leap into the question of how much liability then the second window has:  well, it's a short period and we can see an incentive for the CAs to reduce that window - only.  Typically CAs talk about a day.  We can contrast this with the recent Malaysian 512 bit cert attack which by some speculation went on for a year or so, to the extent that anyone knows or is saying.  So, we can now see it reasonable for CAs to say "ok, because of the clarity revocation gives for Windows 1, 3, we'll wear the liability for 2.  But let's keep it short, ok?"
The goodly angels of PKI will oppose this evil claim.  They will say oh, no, revocation means something else.  They will have to show that, with a precise explanation.  And now they have a problem.  If we read through countless standards and PKI PhDs and blah blah ... we will find an absence of defined meaning.
Whether that's deliberate or accidental I'll leave to others :)  Let's just stick to the facts.
It is not stated anywhere *what revocation means*.  It is stated what you should do.  Or not do.  It is stated in deep technical detail what happens, and what bits to do and how to do variations and how to double up the complexity.  How to report, when to report.  How you will break certain undertakings, and your life will be worse, because...
But it never states what it means, in any tangible, legal, semantic sense.  This then allows Jon's myths to emerge.  If I as CA haven't told you what it means, then you are free to imagine anything you like, right?  I won't contradict, why should I?  I've got my liability covered, anything else is up to you.  Good luck!
Now Peter G's question.  The answer is simple, it doesn't matter.  It doesn't speak to the purpose of revocation, so it can be anything you desire.  Knock yourself out...
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2011-12-07 12:32:32
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] How are expired code-signing certs revoked? 
This is what might be called the fallacy of digital signatures.  In brief, it runs like this:  because signatures are something that are expected to have long lasting validity, it is required that any signature also be time-stamped reliably.  Which means, externally to the interested parties, c.f. legal convention.
However, if one is relying on an external TTP to time-stamp the digital signature, one can also rely on the TTP to evidence the hash of the document.  In which case, the digital signature is not performing any signing task (although it may form a local authentication role, or may not, as the case may be).  In this case the act of presenting the hash for external time-stamp is the act of signing, not the act of affixing a digital signature.
Therefore, so-called digital signatures aren't.  QED.
(That's all before you get to the tactical question of what a revocation over a key that produces so-called digital signatures actually means in semantic or legal terms.  It's turtles all the way down.)
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-02-25 03:26:27
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Bitcoin in endgame 
Not an un-wrong one-line summary of the paper.
Well it may appear that way.  In this particular area though you might want to cut James some slack - he spent many years building Internet cryptographic payment systems.  He actually does know what they do and how they work.  And how they don't, and how they interact with users of distinct classes.
Unlike the bitarazzi, who just hope the libertarian dream never ends, and unlike the banker apologists who just assume that the agreed & received wisdom of central banking will work if we just try harder.
Presenting how the economy works in less than one paragraph does raise difficulties for us all :)
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-02-23 02:11:12
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] Bitcoin in endgame 
On the crypto topic that everyone loves to hate, Bitcoin, the expected attack has begun.
Philipp Guering and I wrote a paper that explains how this will fall out.
Although in the big picture, this is more about finance not cryptography, there is an engaging question - can cryptography be used to control this sort of issue?  It didn't work for Bitcoin, but more judicious uses of crypto can do a lot better, and has done with other designs.  The challenge is to get the balance right.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-02-26 13:00:22
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] US Appeals Court upholds right not to decrypt a drive 
Once upon a time ...ok skip the annoying anecdote and get to the question:
What would be the smallest steganography program that someone could type in and use to hide ones secret archive in plain site?
...a long long time ago, I used to port network code on demand.  This was before the net.  So I had a bootstrapping problem.  This was before the time of compatible magnetic media too, I guess, but, every machine had a serial port.
I wrote a little network slave program in C, and a larger master one. The master one stayed on the primary source machine.  The slave one I typed in.  I got it down to around a page of C in time, and it would generally take under an hour to get it up and humming.  Oh, and I had a little home-made rs232 patch kit.  End of distracting anecdote.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-02-25 12:53:05
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] US Appeals Court upholds right not to decrypt a drive 
Keep reminding .... meanwhile, he said:
 >> Ditto.  One other thing that you need
 >> to add, the police are very, very good
 >> at getting information out of people.
 >> They've been doing it with hardened
 >> criminals for decades, so your average
 >> random geek is no problem.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-02-27 00:00:16
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] (off-topic) Bitcoin is a repeated lesson in cryptography applications - was "endg 
Maybe, maybe not.  The princes, bandits argument is not only theoretical:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-02-25 02:53:28
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] (off-topic) Bitcoin is a repeated lesson in cryptography applications - was "endgame" 
I changed the title so those only interested in pure crypto can delete =
and move on.
Yeah, except Bitcoin is a cryptographic construct from the get-go.
It is a singular lesson in what happens when cryptographers dabble =
outside their particular expertise - in this case, monetary =
architecture.  I.e., some very smart cryptographer thought he had solved =
the 'gold' problem with a cryptographic construct.  But alchemy has a =
longer history than he realises.
It is also a singular lesson in the emotive power of cryptography to =
encourage large numbers of people to hash their intelligent thought =
processes.  What we are seeing is otherwise rational people invest much =
time & effort into what amounts to a ponzi or bubble or pyramid scheme.
Many people are being hurt by this, and more to come.  Same or similar =
thing happened with PKI, digital signatures, Digicash, SSL, e-gold, etc...
I suggest it is professionally important for serious cryptography people =
to follow this story and try to understand what goes wrong.  Or right. =
One day, you might be asked to design something like this.  Then you'll =
be involved.
Then you'll find out about Santayana's curse - those that don't study =
history are doomed to repeat it.  For reference, start with read John =
MacKay, _Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds_.
Published in 1841.
Perspective ... there's a funny word.  Here's mine, from the e-gold =
experience and others [*].
What happened to e-gold was this:  it worked, it boomed.  It was =
structured fairly well to avoid the obvious attacks.  It was good.
It was very cheap for users - around 0.5% transaction fees.  And =
payments were final.  Which happened to work for an "arbitrage" class of =
customer variously known as real-time games, ponzis and pyramids.   This =
is e-gold's "porn video" story, if you remember the 1980s.
The problem with these games was that (a) they were making a lot of =
money and doing a lot of transactions, (b) they were taking a lot of =
money from people who wanted to play, (c) which latter would then turn =
around and complain to "authorities" and (d) the games were more or less =
illegal in some sense or other.
Each of those points by themselves was challengable and acceptable and =
mitigatable at some level.  Together however the result was as laid out =
in that paper.  At some point something happened and /the feds/ or the =
nemesis got interested.  Endgame.
The weaknesses that brought down the e-gold story were two-fold [$]. =
Firstly the management had a certain belief set that led them to charge =
on and not take pause - to not respond to emerging developments (in a =
way that Paypal were able to do for example).  They did not respond so =
well to the games.
Secondly, the exchange network.  Although highly diversified, =
independent and robust as a system, each exchanger had to be somewhere =
and had to have relationships with the primary banking system.  This =
made them vulnerable to a single phone call.  And so it happened - phone =
calls were made, exchange relationships were dropped.  Most of the =
exchangers had perpetual trouble opening and losing bank accounts. =
Eventually most dropped out or were raided or had their funds seized or, =
etc etc.
This second weakness exists with Bitcoin.  The bigger the exchangers get =
the more vulnerable they get, hence the exchange network has scalability =
problems at the nodal level.  To get a taste of what this is about, see =
Jon Matonis' blog:
You can almost hear the phone call....
So yes - I'm as certain as history can make it.  What is predicted in =
that paper is certainly based on history.  The pattern was repeated.  It =
was even known in advance of e-gold:   someone I knew laid out the =
e-gold story for me before it happened.  He said it would take 6 years. =
  He was right.
That's it!  Now, leave aside the libertarian hopes and the politics and =
the freedom bias and right to code and the "this time it's different" =
and all that crap -- and ask yourself.
Where do you want to invest your future?
[*]   I wasn't e-gold, I was running a company called Systemics that =
made hard crypto payment systems, and was preparing the next generation =
of software, in a sense.  But over time I became a sort of trusted =
advisor to e-gold, one of the inner circle, and I saw most of everything.
As well as being part of the e-gold experiment, I came from the same =
town as the DigiCash experiment.  I was influential in the goldmoney =
experiment, and involved in countless other small scale issuances of =
money.  About a decade++ building payment systems.
[$] ok, there were other weaknesses.  I am handwaving them away to get =
the point across.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-03-31 01:42:34
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Key escrow 2012 
A bit like saying that the average iPhone user never heard of GSM and was certainly not influenced in it :)
It's probably more about correlation and hidden causalities.
One of the weapons of the anti-crypto side was over-complexity, desire for single points of failure, serialisation of steps.  Things like S/MIME exhibit all of those properties, indeed it was so loaded up with bad engineering, it failed to get off the ground even when geeks try and run it.
But against the opponents of crypto, it still fulfills a purpose.  Its benefit is to block any further action in this direction.  There are enough people who believe in S/MIME, and these people control enough of the vendors such that there is no counter-momentum to replace it with something that works [0].
The crypto wars were about opening up that battlefield so that open source could start to experiment with lots and lots of alternatives. The reason we lost the war was because we thought we'd won it.  We were tricked.  What actually happened was a high profile weapon - the export control - was loosened up enough just enough to make many think we'd won.  All the low-profile weapons were left in place.
There is a Foreign Affairs article that describes the same or similar techniques carried out against South Africa.  (I think Ross Anderson dug this out at some stage and posted about it ... it's probably worth finding it and re-reading it.)
Yeah.  New applications is the opportunity.  We saw this in Skype, when a new field was not subject to the old domination.  We didn't so much see it with social networks, but there is something of it in there.
[0] fixing s/mime to work is pretty easy - just have the app create & share self-signed certs when the account is added/created.  Add in some detail, and let it rip.  The point is, you will never ever get the past the vendors.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-03-30 01:24:47
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Key escrow 2012 
And therein lies another story!  Which always seems to end:  and then we lost the crypto wars.  I treat it as a great learning experience.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-05-30 04:01:29
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh traffic? 
Right!  And that has to be measured rather than speculated about.
The false presumption in this argument is that users can handle anything with some assumed level of minimal care.
The goal is to find something that works best with the users' limited attention and knowledge.  Passwords 'work' because at least the users know them, sort of.  Although PK is a theoretical improvement over passwords in all technical senses, that is only a theoretical analysis and does not necessarily translate to user context.  Especially, if the imposition of PKs requires the user to 'protect' the private key, all the technical presumptions drift rather rapidly from reality.  The particular result of this is that SSH's limitations forces a lot of unencrypted private keys, as does SSL/HTTPS for server keys.
Would be nice.  When it's up and going, installed, on common platforms, and available easily for users, that will be useful.
I've seen it.  Last week:  E.g., repositories run by difficult sysadms that don't respond.  They add one ssh key to the repository.  To get access, the next programmer is tempted to borrow the ssh key of someone Call these people bad, if you like.  I call them productive programmers.
Right, that last part - anything that requires the users to engage in 'management' which technical measures can't cope with ... is a losing game.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-06-11 06:43:35
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh	traffic? 
The thinking process here seems to be back to front :)  We should be focusing our attention on the user base we've got, plain and simple. What do they do?  How are they likely to help (themselves/us/security) ?   Why don't they like our designs?
We shouldn't be targetting some group of users just because they happen to have heard&obeyed our crypto-religious dictat, even if it validates our scientific prowess and makes us feel good.  That way lies circular logic and ultimately irrelevance.  This is what happened to PKI -- they spent so much time instructing their users on the right way to secure the security model that they didn't notice that users went elsewhere.
Looking at the users we've got - yes, everyone (two thirds apparently) stores their SSH keys in plaintext.  That's because it works.  At some stage this weakness will cause a problem, and that's the time to have something ready to fix that.  (And yes, there are possibilities, they just need to automated.)  In the meantime, the SSH design has delivered a remarkable security product, and we didn't even need to encrypt the keys :)
Absolutely there is magic thinking in PGP, and it is one of the reasons it suffers.  PGP people try so hard to protect their keys that they don't notice people sliding away and going somewhere else.
The most likely alternative to super-duper security is no security. Giving this choice to users is about the worst design decision one can make.  K6, etc.
Yep, definately :)
Temptation is the normal response for users coping with bad design choices.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-06-06 00:07:45
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh traffic? 
Thanks for that, that is all that is needed to get the idea.  (I was hoping for some objective standard rather than a current-technology cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-06-02 05:02:50
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh traffic? 
good post.
I often think in terms of low-med-high security, where low is equivalent to mailing lists (spam threat), medium is online banking through web browsers, and high is payment systems using direct cash (digicash, bitcoin, e-gold, etc because they are instantly redeemable by thieves, not paypal).
Passwords might get you to medium.  Browsers also might get you to medium.  But not beyond.  A problem with grand federated dreams is that while they tend to work a micro/paper level, they also tend to trash their assumptions & shed their security as they scale up.
Would it be possible to describe in general words what LOA-1 thru 4 entails?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-12-16 07:52:37
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Gmail and SSL 
Actually, we need a secure and private authentication system.  If I was reading that in Gmail I'd suppose that it would transparently link to here:
;)  As you say, that idea is a research idea.  We can only want it, we cannot need it.  I see several issues (4).
Just looking at CAcert, by way of counter example.  CAcert does not publish its certificates because of privacy.  That's actually quite a strong result, and hard to avoid [1].  If one looks at Bitcoin or the recent many efforts to track all certificates, this represents a gold mine of datamining opportunities.  Do our customers really want their security model to become a public spectacle?
Also (2), the notion that an auditor would be a fair arbiter of what the public wants is dead in the water.  It's a non-starter.  Also (3), as you acknowledge, getting the CAs to change anything is difficult, the OODA cycle is estimable at about a decade.
Which (thinking aloud) leaves cryptographic proofs that test the audit claim needed, without revealing the certificate body.  But that's a fairly tough burden.  Proving that my certificate is in the chain seems doable.  But what we are trying to prove is that every certificate is in the chain.  Without seeing every certificate.
Or more importantly, we want to prove that a certificate found in an MITM was in the chain or not.
But (4) we already have that, in a non-cryptographic way.  If we find a certificate that is apparently signed by say VeriSign root and was found in an MITM, we can simply publish it with the facts.  Verisign are then encouraged to disclose (a) it was ours, (b) it wasn't ours, or (c) [1] Byzantinely again, a CA has to avoid privacy to some extent as the PKI architecture is a privacy disaster.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-12-16 07:50:01
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Gmail and SSL 
And, given that CA-signed client certs of a low grade are typically validated with an email confirmation, something that google itself retains core capabilities in, over & above the CAs, and indeed, the CA's validation will rely on google's gmail, the logic remains byzantine.
Factory-certs are generally less secure than a self-signed, self-presented certificate.  Indeed, musing aloud, it seems provable.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-12-15 19:23:33
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Gmail and SSL 
The presence of a self-signed signature cannot possibly be less secure than the non-presence of any signature. If they are rejecting self-signed sigs, then they must also logically reject unsigned provision.
This is a common error made by many security providers in the PKI space.   Their security logic mistake is to assume that the self-signed signature is to be compared with something signed by an 'authority', rather than an unsigned competitor.
It is one of those enduring flaws that indicate that security isn't the objective with such systems.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-02-08 08:45:21
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] "Meet the groundbreaking new encryption app set to revolutionize privacy..." 
A fine puzzle.  From those assumptions -- training, indicators, redundancy -- here's my answer to the question.
In typical Internet user security situations, those things either don't exist or aren't reliable.  Consider users with SSL, padlocks, etc. Faced with difficulty in ensuring the efficacy of these assumptions, what does a rational designer do?  To my mind, it is this:  there is only one mode, and it is secure.  If circumstances are that your packets (secure, monocular) are not getting thru, then there is no connection.
Another way of looking at this is to ask how the indication is driven? If it is possible to show a good indication of potential insecurity, why isn't it possible to fix the problem?  In security protocols, we generally strive to fix everything we can, so that the model is perfect.   Typically, our society is cannibalistic and seizes on any weakness as a chance to feed.  Only a complete security model is any good in our market.  Whilst very annoying at times, it does rather stress that we do not have a good understanding of how to deliver a "half" service.
my 2c.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-04-09 14:19:59
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] ICIJ's project - comment on cryptography & tools 
That's what we all believed.  From Wikipedia (I haven't checked the primary references):
In contrast, a declassified NSA book on cryptologic history states:
     In 1973 NBS solicited private industry for a data encryption standard (DES). The first offerings were disappointing, so NSA began working on its own algorithm. Then Howard Rosenblum, deputy director for research and engineering, discovered that Walter Tuchman of IBM was working on a modification to Lucifer for general use. NSA gave Tuchman a clearance and brought him in to work jointly with the Agency on his Lucifer modification."[8]
     NSA worked closely with IBM to strengthen the algorithm against all except brute force attacks and to strengthen substitution tables, called S-boxes. Conversely, NSA tried to convince IBM to reduce the length of the key from 64 to 48 bits. Ultimately they compromised on a 56-bit key.[9]
Conclusion?  We wuz tricked!  In their own words, they managed the entire process, and succeeded in convincing everyone that they did not.   And they made it weaker where they held the advantage:  budget to crunch.  Last two sentences, above.
Indeed.  Notice the subtlety of their attack:  it is brutally simple. We others focus on elegance, and dismiss the simplistic.
Cognitive dissonance?
They focussed on mission, and used asymmetry of crunch strength.  Recall that, in the old days, no other country could muster the budget and technology that they could.
Possibly.  In terms of algorithms, I don't think there has been a case where they've deliberately weakened the algorithm.  OTOH, in terms of key strength, they have been very very finessed.  Remember Skipjack? The comments at the time was that the key strength was beautifully aligned - right at the edge.  80 bit keys where the open community had already concluded 128 was the target.  Which meant that if there was to be an advantage, all that was left was:  budget in crunching.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-04-08 12:38:38
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] ICIJ's project - comment on cryptography & tools 
I think we all suffer a fair amount of cognitive dissonance on this one.
We all know stories.  DES is now revealed as interfered with, yet for decades we told each other it was just parity bits.  The same process happened to GSM -- MiBs specified the 40 bit key, but because it was a secret design, they didn't need to create a legend to hide the 16 bits of zeroes.  Add in export control regs, add in the war against PRZ.
If someone where to do a longitudinal study of the public knowledge of the interference, I think it would mount up.  Individually, we can ignore those stories as conspiracy theory, but in aggregate, much harder.
This is the good news.  I think the message has finally got through that usability is more important than classical CIA, etc.
Yeah.  This is a mystery to me, where did this crap come from?  Although it aligns perfectly with the geek mentality, other specialties in CS tend to create a greater resistance to the guild mentality.  I can't pin the causality on it as yet.
A great read!
An interference attack can be extremely high-leverage.  Being good at it can do a lot of damage.  This however doesn't mean that one is any good at defence.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-04-08 12:30:23
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] ICIJ's project - comment on cryptography & tools 
Yes, now.
I suspect going back say 20 years, pre-net, it wasn't so obvious, because the dependency on open nets just didn't exist.  See comment below about AT&T & IBM.  In those days, networking was telco business, a mentality which just happened to align nicely with control mentalities, which suited both swings of the pendulum.
Right -- but it can answer the question to a sufficient degree given an absence of interference in what is the right answer.  I posit.  C.f, Skype.
Delicious Irony!  Clearly my opinion is rather fruitloopy, but this 'conspiracy theory' is enacted in law -- crypto is officially a munition.  It's the job description of the agency of topic, which probably employs more computing security people than any other place. It's not as if Louis Freeh went to congress in the 1990s and said "Senators, I wish to engage you in a conspiracy!" although we might grant the DEA would wish it so.
What is perhaps controversial and maybe ridiculous is me saying that it worked.  The NSA succeeded in created a drag on internet security sufficient to explain the general failure -- the house of cards, as you put it.
OTOH, if they hadn't achieved that drag, was taxpayers' money really being used wisely?  What are all these security people doing, then? Another irony -- the trend for budget is firmly down;  maybe now's the time to reveal how they successfully they spent your money...
Yeah, this is the popular explanation -- we're not good enough.
Let me pose another thought question.  Most of the long termers here understand how Skype, SSH and now Bitcoin were constructed.  Peter adds iMessage to the list of successful crypto systems.
Many of us here could make a fair stab at duplicating that in another product.  I'd personally have confidence in that statement -- given the budget I'd reckon Steve, Jon, Peter, James, and a dozen other frequent posters could do that job well, or a similar one.
I therefore suggest the popular explanation doesn't really pass muster.   I say we really are good enough.
Why did they succeed, as an exception, but we did not, as the general rule?
The strange names and origins are a possible clue.  I suggest the same reason that a couple of bored scientists succeeded in creating a games platform that was then turned into a document preparation platform that then became a standard OS teaching tool and eventually by many steps is now in the hands of most of the planet:
      they did it without interference.
PS: ok, that last comment about Unix requires some mental juggery.  The bored scientists did something that they were banned from doing.  At the time, AT&T was party to a cartel agreement with IBM that reserved computing to IBM and networking to AT&T.  How quaint!
This had perverse effect of turning Ritchie & Kerninghams' toy into a skunk works project, in effect allowing everyone to politely ignore it.   Unix survived and grew within Bell Labs because AT&T could not commercialise it, and therefore the project was purely an academic exercise.  Hence, the corporate interference was untypically low to non-existent.  Hence, it grew in Universities only.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-04-06 11:34:15
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] ICIJ's project - comment on cryptography & tools 
That's the best short description I've seen yet!
This bit:
I personally believe that the NSA's policy that the good guys don't need good crypto is the underlying root to the problem.  A goodly portion if not all.
Internally to the NSA this is known as 'the equity issue' or so I've heard.
In economic terms, the NSA imposes a sort of tobin tax on crypto which results in a stupidity drag on all security, thus making it easier for all to avoid doing good work.
Otherwise, I can't answer the question -- why as a society are we so good at internets, databases, apps, social networks, distribution of institutions, algorithms, all the good CS stuff, but we can't get our collective security act together?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-04-05 04:08:47
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] ICIJ's project - comment on cryptography & tools 
Seems like.
However, the barrier for that seems somewhat higher than an intercept or pen register.  (Entering into full speculation mode here) I suspect that one would need a direct court order akin to a full search & seizure in order to give the feds access to the messages;  it seems to involve handing over the entire device key to clone the full personality.
The original CNN article doesn't pass muster, a far more skeptical and analytical one is here:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-04-04 20:51:06
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] ICIJ's project - comment on cryptography & tools 
ure its team-based project work:
s represents one of the biggest cross-border investigative partnerships in =
journalism history. Unique digital systems supported private document and i=
nformation sharing, as well as collaborative research. These included a mes=
sage center hosted in Europe and a U.S.-based secure online search system. =
 Team members also used a secure, private online bulletin board system to s=
hare stories and tips."
such as PGP (=93Pretty Good Privacy=94) were abandoned because of complexit=
y and unreliability that slowed down information sharing. Studies have show=
n that police and government agents =96 and even terrorists =96 also strugg=
le to use secure e-mail systems effectively.  Other complex cryptographic s=
ystems popular with computer hackers were not considered for the same reaso=
ns.  While many team members had sophisticated computer knowledge and could=
 use such tools well, many more did not."
Just to underline Jon's message for y'all, they should have waited for =
       "Encryption used in Apple's iMessage chat service has stymied =
attempts by federal drug enforcement agents to eavesdrop on suspects' =
conversations, an internal government document reveals.
       "An internal Drug Enforcement Administration document seen by =
CNET discusses a February 2013 criminal investigation and warns that =
because of the use of encryption, "it is impossible to intercept =
iMessages between two Apple devices" even with a court order approved by =
a federal judge.
       "The DEA's warning, marked "law enforcement sensitive," is the =
most detailed example to date of the technological obstacles -- FBI =
director Robert Mueller has called it the "Going Dark" problem -- that =
police face when attempting to conduct court-authorized surveillance on =
non-traditional forms of communication.
       "When Apple's iMessage was announced in mid-2011, Cupertino said =
it would use "secure end-to-end encryption." It quickly became the most =
popular encrypted chat program in history: Apple CEO Tim Cook said last =
fall that 300 billion messages have been sent so far, which are =
transmitted through the Internet rather than as more costly SMS messages =
carried by wireless providers.
iang, who never even knew it was encrypted!
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-04-04 13:27:48
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] ICIJ's project - comment on cryptography & tools 
In a project similar to Wikileaks, ICIJ comments on tools it used to =
secure its team-based project work:
          "ICIJ=92s team of 86 investigative journalists from 46 countries =
represents one of the biggest cross-border investigative partnerships in =
journalism history. Unique digital systems supported private document =
and information sharing, as well as collaborative research. These =
included a message center hosted in Europe and a U.S.-based secure =
online search system.  Team members also used a secure, private online =
bulletin board system to share stories and tips."
          "The project team=92s attempts to use encrypted e-mail systems =
such as PGP (=93Pretty Good Privacy=94) were abandoned because of complexit=
y =
and unreliability that slowed down information sharing. Studies have =
shown that police and government agents =96 and even terrorists =96 also =
struggle to use secure e-mail systems effectively.  Other complex =
cryptographic systems popular with computer hackers were not considered =
for the same reasons.  While many team members had sophisticated =
computer knowledge and could use such tools well, many more did not."
hattip to Lynn Wheeler's lynn'o'gram.  iang.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-11 09:17:29
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] NSA Today on Missions, Authorities, Oversight, Partnershps 
Not only amusing but materially deceptive.  The notion of a culture of self-governance might work -- in the President's mind -- within an organisation like the NSA, but there is a bypass:  outsourcing.  Snowden was a contractor working through an external agency, and no such compliance embarrassments are ever ever EVER permitted to put the contract in danger.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-10 07:12:35
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] NSA Today on Missions, Authorities, Oversight, Partnershps 
Yup.  Deeper than that, they are now engaged in propaganda and long term political manipulation of the mente americanus:
While NSA had incercepted some of Midhar's conversations with persons in an al-Qa'ida safe house in Yemen in that period, NSA did not have the US phone number or any indication that the phone Midhar was using was located in San Diego. NSA did not have the tools or the database to search to identify these connections and share them with the FBI. Several programmes to address.......
The policy goal is to go domestic.  The public is being prepared.  (The needs for court approval will also fall by the wayside.)
Oh well.  This is a domestic USA issue, nothing interesting here for us foreigners.  We're already signed up for their loyalty programme.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-17 08:52:58
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] LeastAuthority.com announces PRISM-proof storage service 
My understanding of PRISM is that it is a voluntary & secret arrangement between the supplier and the collector (NSA) to provide direct access to all information.
By 'voluntary' I mean that the supplier hands over the access, it isn't taken in an espionage or hacker sense, or leaked by an insider.  I include in this various techniques of court-inspired voluntarianism as suggested by recent FISA theories [0].
I suspect it is fair to say that something is PRISM-proof if:
   a) the system lacks the capability to provide access
   b) the operator lacks the capacity to enter into the voluntary arrangement, or
   c) the operator lacks the capacity to keep the arrangement (b) secret
The principle here seems to be that if the information is encrypted on the server side without the keys being held or accessible by the supplier, then (a) is met [1].
Encryption-sans-keys is an approach that is championed by Tahoe-LAFS and Silent Circle.  Therefore I think it is reasonable in a marketing sense to claim it is PRISM-proof, as long as that claim is explained in more detail for those who wish to research.
In this context, one must market ones product, and one must use simple labels to achieve this.  Otherwise the product doesn't get out there, and nobody is benefited.
[0] E.g., the lavabit supplier can be considered to have not volunteered the info, and google can be considered to have not volunteered to the Chinese government.
[1]  In contrast, if an operator is offshore it would meet (b) and if an operator was some sort of open source distributed org where everyone saw where the traffic headed, it would lack (c).
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-15 11:23:33
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] LeastAuthority.com announces PRISM-proof storage service 
Yeah.  It's also worth pointing out that it is more or less impractical to secure email.  The result is paper-success-reality-fail.  This has been an observation for a long time.  For recent evidence see Silent Circle's decision to drop their secured email offering.  I would say it is mostly because they knew that it is practically impossible and a WOFTAM to try to secure email.
The better direction is this:  stop using email, use something like a secured chat system, which can be secured, because we can avoid email's terrible assumptions and context.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-13 18:53:53
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] LeastAuthority.com announces PRISM-proof storage service 
Centralisation works when the server doesn't have any information of value.  Presumably the most that LeastAuthority.com can say is that a certain company has X GB of documents and updates that set at rate Y. Not a lot of value there...
The reason email space providers are suffering is that even when the content is encrypted, the To: and From are not.  This enables a fairly dramatic capability -- seeing who's writing to whom.  In contrast to the bland GB number, this would provide all a business's customers, all a dissident's contacts, all an insniding trader's leakees, etc etc...
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-13 17:02:15
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] LeastAuthority.com announces PRISM-proof storage service 
Super!  I think a commercial operator is an essential step forward.
Q:  do you have some sense of how long the accesses take?  E.g., I'm at =
the end of a long ping, will I expect the actions to take ms, s, or ks?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-20 06:08:40
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] urandom vs random 
Has anyone done a survey?
On a related point, what name do we give to the design/pattern for
    entropy sources ==> mix/pool ==> deterministic expansion function
?  I was asked this seconds after tasking my intern to build one :-/
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-19 15:31:12
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] urandom vs random 
You mean, they had the best marketing :)  if they had a product, you would have had it.
It's a recurring theme -- there doesn't seem to be enough market demand for Hardware RNGs.
I once toyed with the idea of creating an open source hardware design for a USB interface.  Then, seed the market by buying a few thou.  And finally, encourage random USB parts manufacturers to just throw it on to their chip.
The thing is, the real estate required for a hardware RNG is fairly minimal, and USB devices can be promiscuous, offering multiple interfaces for little effort.  So why not come up with a USB memory stick that also advertises a random file as a separate device?
Just a pipe dream, needs a hardware geek to push it.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-18 07:20:22
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] urandom vs random 
Indeed, or:
;)  gentle nudge...
ps; for some reason, I am reminded of Blue Peter -- "don't try this at home!"  for the anglo-challenged, Blue Peter was a children's show that filled a spot like Sesame Street.  The phrase entered the language...
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-17 12:05:05
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] urandom vs random 
:)  Perhaps the distinction is that, if you care, when you "repeatedly fail" then you can repeatedly fix it.  OTOH, if you're using external crypto, you're up the creek without a paddle.
I agree in principle, but reality slaps us around a bit:
Linux and BSD can't agree on the basic definitions of urandom and random.  Some don't agree whether Intel's RNG is safe or not for Linux purposes.  Zooko & Jon don't agree whether open source is a sufficient / necessary proof.
And, as you say, FIPS don't agree with anyone:
 > Amusing story: FIPS 140 requires self-tests on the PRNG. There was a
 > bug in FIPS OpenSSL once where the self-test mode got stuck on and so
 > no entropy was fed into the PRNG.
 >
 > Also, back when I was doing FIPS 140 they made me remove some of the
 > entropy feeds into the PRNG - particularly ones that protect against
 > pool duplication over forks.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-17 10:01:39
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] urandom vs random 
(not answering the posts sepcifically but) the rule of thumb I've always used is this:
If you don't care so much about security then use the tools that are provided, and suffer an occasional glitch.  Don't worry too much about the glitches coz your business already told you, you don't care too much about the security / randomness.  All those cypherpunkian arguments can go to hell, you've got customers to care for.
OTOH, if you care a lot, then you have to write your own.  The design is now very well established.  Many sources -> mixer/pool -> deterministic PRNG.  It's really not that hard, this is an intern level project, folks.
In result, if you care enough to argue about random v. urandom then you already put yourself in the second camp, and your problem is solved. Just use urandom and collect some other sources yourself.  You no longer cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-31 17:45:34
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Reply to Zooko (in Markdown) 
Hi Zooko,
That is how they like it.  In such an environment, they can exert a lot of pressure.
But to come to the crunch -- is there *any* evidence that they have ever ordered the backdooring of some software system?  Or does it all come down to 'an accommodation' ?  I've heard of many of the latter, none of the former.
I'm arguing that there is a huge difference between Silent Text and Silent Mail, in that there is a *huge* difference between Text and Mail, and I presume SC are as trapped by that as the rest of us.  Text is relatively easy to secure, mail is not, and all that difference leads to the provision of much passive information at rest (inbox) and much metadata in flight (headers).  Juicy target, too much for the Feds to Whereas, IM can lock down the metadata, and can dispose of session data after the event.  Perfect forward security and all that.
Right.  As we know from experience, the Feds are passive-aggressive. They ask you to cooperate and hand stuff over.  Getting a court order to hand over stuff that already exists is relatively easy.  But, requiring changes to the business approach is another thing entirely.
Also, why would they bother?  Passive eavesdropping is many orders of magnitude more efficacious, look at the PRISM take.  Indeed, it's a wonder why we ever bothered to worry about the latter, but that's another story.
I do think it is a useful question, and it is precisely the sort of subtle question that comes of risk analysis.
Firstly, the spectrum of most attacks goes from likely to middle to unlikely.  Some cryptographic attacks are possibly in a broader spectrum:
     Eliminated -> unlikely -> middle -> likely -> always (mass)
But most aren't.  It's only cryptographic ones that go down to "eliminated" and that tends to set us up for biased thinking [1].
Secondly, although most attacks are possible, some of them are more likely than others.  Recall the old debate about MITM versus eavesdropping.  It was very real, and now we are living it:  the feds are now eavesdropping everything, and on an industrial scale, *because we did not encrypt on a mass scale* .  But they are not MITMing on anything like that scale [0].
So, if the Feds for whatever reason choose to go for attack 1 on a mass scale, and not for attack 2 against specific targets, we gain a better protection by concentrating our efforts on attack 1.
Thirdly, no matter what our risk analysis does in a closed system of attacks {1,2} our users always work in an open system of attacks {1..n} and our job is done well if we decrease the likelihood of {1,2} to the point where it is going to push the attacker to {3..n}, where that subset is risks we can't influence.  There is little point in pushing 1 & 2 down to zero risk if {3..n} are a mess [1].
(In the above, the risk of an insider infiltrating the service provider is just risk P for example.  How likely is it?  Analyse....)
Right.  So how likely is this?  What damage does it do?  For the "everyone" analysis it seems pretty small, pretty remote.  Even if the Chinese get your data, do they care?  Whereas the NSA is now looming large as a danger to everyone.
(The distinction is obviously quite subtle and shifts pretty quickly. If everyone listening here is Chinese, it flips.  If the NSA were to stop feeding national intel to the police, we'd care less about them and more about the Chinese, who obviously couldn't care less about Chinese walls.  So to speak.  Etc etc.)
Well.  This is where it gets into deeper analysis.  If the answer to your right question is YES, then you have to analyse deeper the risks at the service provider.
If the answer is NO, then you're done & dusted.  This is the best solution, but it is also something that might not be obtainable.  For example, and back to SC, I would say that SC-IM is something that can be YES, invulnerable to the provider whereas SC-EM is something that cannot be invulnerable to the provider.
It is germane of course that you have established your rep on the basis that your offering is invulnerable to service provider corruption.  But this is only one threat, one risk.  There are others.
For example, deployability of Tahoe-LAFS remains a barrier, and that barrier is probably (arguably) higher than the barrier of installing Skype.  Or, Silent Circle (don't know, haven't tried).
So, if your deployability is low, and your provider-invulnerability is high, how does that compare to something like Skype, which has the reverse, being high-deployability and low (fatally destroyed) The maths of risk are a bit complex, and handwavy, but we know from experience and principles [K6] that deployability probably trumps.  It's the multiplier, the network effect, whereas the other invulnerability factors are just asymptotic to 1.
(The MSM love a story like my grandmama, but know not what the moral of it is so always bungle the delivery.)
Here's the real meat:
Email isn't securable!  (IMHO) IM is, because we can design it from scratch.
[0] Although they are collecting 0days on that scale, it seems, so assuming they get value for money, they must be doing some 100s of these too by now.
[1] It leads to an obsession of cryptographers to eliminate some risks completely, and ignore other risks completely. This is an abomination in security thinking!  It results in a panopoly of bad fantastical perfect failed products.  FWIW, this looks for a rationale that better places the behaviour: [K6] Kerckhoffs' 6th says that "Finally, it is necessary, given the circumstances that command its application, that the system be easy to use, requiring neither mental strain nor the knowledge of a long series of rules to observe."
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-31 13:37:03
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
It's all speculation of course, but that is what it feels like to me. An interesting clue from the earlier report is that they aren't there yet, they're building towards a capability.  They've figured out some way to crack in theoretically, and with a big investment they'll get there.
Which suggests a combination of massive crunch power, keys on the margin *and* cribs from side-channel attacks.  The bright shiny new 3rd division of the NSA is responsible for the side-channel attack.  And it was very expensive...  Coincidence?
Or, it could all be fluff, designed to suck money from cow in w.DC. Many a conman has made rich by claiming some secret invention;  the investors are the muggins for putting their money in without doing the due diligence.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-06 10:01:54
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Bruce Schneier on BULLRUN and related NSA programs 
Nice quote!
Some of us have been saying this for a while.  E.g.,
"  Avoid Public Key Cryptography like the Plague
Public key cryptography is the kiss of death to simplicity. The problem =
is that it is not simple, not amenable to KISS, and full of traps that =
will swallow a battleship. Although the very basic idea is =
understandable and elegant, none of the instantiations of public key =
cryptography can create simple interfaces that are free of minefields.
It is more likely that the implementors made a mistake.  This can be =
seen also in that all the symmetric algorithms are amenable to black-box =
and deterministic testing, whereas the asymmetric ones are not so amenable.
Oh, and forget the key sizes.  This is not about the key sizes.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-07 09:19:24
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
If so, then the domain owner can deliver a public key with authenticity using the DNS.  This strikes a deathblow to the CA industry.  This threat is enough for CAs to spend a significant amount of money slowing down its development [0].
How much more obvious does it get [1] ?
[0] If one is a finance geek, one can even calculate how much money the opponents are willing to spend.
[1] As an aside, NSA/DoD have invested significant capital in the PKI as well.  Sufficient that they will be well aligned with the CA mission, and sufficient that they will approve of any effort to keep the CAs in business.  But this part is far less obvious.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-07 07:30:20
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
I'm not as yet seeing that a block cipher with a backdoor is a public key system, but I really like the mental picture this is trying to create.
In order to encrypt to that system, one needs the (either) key.  If everyone has it (either) the system is ruined.
A public key system is an artiface where one can distribute the public key, and not have to worry about the system being ruined;  it's still perfectly usable.  Whereas with a symmetric system with two keys, either key being distributed ruins the system.
One could argue that the adversary would prefer the cleaner, more complete semantics of the public key system -- maybe that is what the theorem assumes?  But if I was the NSA I'd be happy with the compromise.   I'm good at keeping *my key secret* at least.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-07 07:19:10
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
In principle, it doesn't -- which is why SOPs are saboteur's tools of preference.  They are used against you, as the lesser experienced people can't see the acts behind [1]
The point is one of degree.  SOPs are there to resolve real disputes. They can also be used to cause disputes, and to turn any innocent thing into a fight.  So do that, and keep doing that!  Pretty soon the org becomes a farce.
In contrast, strong leadership (the chair) knows when to put the lid on such trivialities and move on.  So, part of the overall strategy is to neutralise the strong chair [2].  As John just reported:
   *  NSA employees participted throughout, and occupied leadership roles
      in the committee and among the editors of the documents
Slam dunk.  If the NSA had wanted it, they would have designed it themselves.  The only conclusion for their presence that is rational is to sabotage it [3].
[0]   SOPs is standard operating procedures.
[1]   This is the flaw in "don't attribute to malice what can be explained by incompetence."  Explaining by incompetence does not eliminate that malice inspired incompetence.  Remember, we are all innoculated against malice, so we prefer to see benign causes.
[2]  this is not to say that committees are ill-intentioned or people are bad, but that it only takes a few with malicious intent and expertise to bring the whole game to a halt.  Cartels such as IETF WGs are fundamentally and inescapably fragile.
[3]  as a sort of summer-flu-shot, I present that document to each new board as their SOPs.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-06 19:33:00
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Oops, for those unfamiliar with CAcert's peculiar use of secure browsing, drop the 's' in the above URL.  Then it will securely load.
(thanks Joe!)
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-06 08:52:37
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Think bigger picture, think about the intervention possibilities.
E.g., when the NSA goes to a major commercial supplier who is about to ship some product that is SP 800-90, they can agree to indeed do that, but switch around to the Dual EC DBRG.  And still maintain their standards compliance.  As it is likely a closed source, hush-hush area, it can even be done without the adversary (who was once called the customer) knowing.
Right.  If you don't care, just use what the OS provides.  /dev/urandom or CAPI or whatever.  If you do care, you should implement a collector-mixer-DRBG design yourself.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-06 08:32:09
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
It isn't the whiners that are the NSA plants, but the people behind them, egging them on, while also mounting attacks on the competent honest ones to confuse and bewilder them.
The general process is first to push the group into crap, and then to influence it with competence.  In order to influence, the group's own competence must be neutralised first.
And, controlling processes is just what the NSA does.
The process of an inside takeover is well known in *certain* circles. It only takes one or two very smart competent people to take down an entire organisation.  The mechanisms might well be described as crapification then exploitation.
This is not to say that the IETF WG chairs are NSA plants, nor that all or any particular IETF committee is sunk.  Rather, it is to say that it is very difficult to stop a committee being hopeless, and it's rather easy to tip a good committee into it.
In contrast, it is not well known how to repair the damage once done. The normal method is to abandon ship, swim away, build another ship with 1 or 2 others.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-07 06:01:27
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Compositing Ciphers? 
At a technical level, key exchange/agreement has probably the biggest impact on the overall architecture of the cryptographic solution.  It's not bolt-on or black box, whereas most all the rest is.  That's because it is (a) hard to make easy on the user and therefore (b) has to really get inside the users' business model to be as easy as possible.
That's why I say to avoid public key cryptography like the plague.  Not to eliminate it but to concentrate the mind on searching for the minimal method.  Schneier recently said the same thing with "prefer symmetric over asymmetric."
In my experience partners/insiders are by far bigger risks.  Every day they make decisions and cause events that make the business go well or badly.  Rarely does the crypto have that effect.
Perhaps the issue here is that we as techies would rather not deal with those effects and rather get back to happy technical issues such as buffer overflows, RNGs, etc...  An easy technical solution seems so comforting that we tend to exaggerate the relevance.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-08 17:11:47
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA can spy on smart phone data 
Privacy Scandal: NSA Can Spy on Smart Phone Data
SPIEGEL has learned from internal NSA documents that the US intelligence agency has the capability of tapping user data from the iPhone, devices using Android as well as BlackBerry, a system previously believed to be highly secure.
The United States' National Security Agency intelligence-gathering operation is capable of accessing user data from smart phones from all leading manufacturers. Top secret NSA documents that SPIEGEL has seen explicitly note that the NSA can tap into such information on Apple iPhones, BlackBerry devices and Google's Android mobile operating system.
The documents state that it is possible for the NSA to tap most sensitive data held on these smart phones, including contact lists, SMS traffic, notes and location information about where a user has been.
The documents also indicate that the NSA has set up specific working groups to deal with each operating system, with the goal of gaining secret access to the data held on the phones.
In the internal documents, experts boast about successful access to iPhone data in instances where the NSA is able to infiltrate the computer a person uses to sync their iPhone. Mini-programs, so-called "scripts," then enable additional access to at least 38 iPhone features.
The documents suggest the intelligence specialists have also had similar success in hacking into BlackBerrys. A 2009 NSA document states that it can "see and read SMS traffic." It also notes there was a period in 2009 when the NSA was temporarily unable to access BlackBerry devices. After the Canadian company acquired another firm the same year, it changed the way in compresses its data. But in March 2010, the department responsible at Britain's GCHQ intelligence agency declared in a top secret document it had regained access to BlackBerry data and celebrated with the word, "champagne!"
The documents also state that the NSA has succeeded in accessing the BlackBerry mail system, which is known to be very secure. This could mark a huge setback for the company, which has always claimed that its mail system is uncrackable.
In response to questions from SPIEGEL, BlackBerry officials stated, "It is not for us to comment on media reports regarding alleged government surveillance of telecommunications traffic." The company said it had not programmed a "'back door' pipeline to our platform."
The material viewed by SPIEGEL suggests that the spying on smart phones has not been a mass phenomenon. It has been targeted, in some cases in an individually tailored manner and without the knowledge of the smart phone companies.
Visit SPIEGEL ONLINE International on Monday for the full article.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-28 19:06:24
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
What's in Suite A?  Will probably illuminate that question...
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-26 06:52:39
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
I'm sorry, I don't deal in omniscience.  Typically we as suppliers of some security product have only the faintest idea what our users are up to.  (Some consider this a good thing, it's a privacy quirk.)
With that assumption, the various i's you list become some sort of average.  This is why the security model that is provided is typically one-size-fits-all, and the most successful products are typically the ones with zero configuration and the best fit for the widest market.
Right, and you know that, how?
(how valuable each person's info is, I mean.)
2nd order effects from the claim of security, granted.  Which effects they are, is again subject to the law of averages.
Ah, and therein lies the rub.  Maybe.  This doesn't mean it will.
Typically, the fallacy of false sense of security relies on an extremely unusual or difficult attack (aka acceptable risk).  And then ramps up that rarity to a bogeyman status.  So that everyone is scared of it. And we must, we simply must protect people against it!
Get back to science.  How risky are these things?
(You'll see this play out in phishing.  Banks are the number one target for attacks on secure browsing.)
You are resting on taught wisdom about TLS, which is oriented to a different purpose than security.
In practice, a direct attack against TLS is very rare, a direct attack against your browser connection to your bank is very rare, and a direct attack against your person is also very rare.
This is why for example we walk the streets without body armour, even in Nairobi (this week) or the Beltway (11 years ago).  This is why there are few if any (open question?) reported breaches of banks due to the BEAST and other menagerie attacks against TLS.
We can look at this many ways, but one way is this:  the margin of fat in TLS is obscene.  If it were sentient, it would be beyond obese, it would be a circus act.  We can do some dieting.
Well, right.  So, as TLS is supposed to be primarily (these days) focussed on protecting your bank account access, and as its auth model fails dismally when it comes to phishing, why do we care about something so exotic as the NSA?
Get back to basics.  Let's fix the TLS so it actually does the client - webserver auth problem first.
1024 is good enough for that, for now, but in the meantime prepare for something longer.  (We now have evidence of some espionage spear phishing that bothered to crunch 512.  Oh happy day, some real evidence!)
As for the NSA, actually, 1024 works fine for that too, for now.  As long as we move them from easy decryption to actually having to use a lot of big fat expensive machines, we win.  They then have to focus, rather than harvest.  Presumably they have not forgotten how to do that.
In ten years, the NISTs, the committees, the vendors, and the CAs will still not have addressed the number one threat to users -- that's the i's in your equation.  See also Lynn Wheeler's post about the persistence of ignoring the customers' risk.
But I'm pretty confident that in ten years, they will have addressed the 1024 limit that annoys the NSA.  That's the power of the bogeyman.
I don't disagree.  Hopefully, a few more of these stunts will finally convince them that they can't go on like this.  In military thinking, we call it preparing for the last war.
In the meantime, if they are going for a stunt, don't we want it to be the most convenient, cost-effective stunt?  So they can get back to serious business?  1024 sounds fine...
PS: btw, was this whole debate about a BCP?  If so, it is a woftam.  Any time spent on best practices is lost to society.  You'll never get those seconds back, guys.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-25 16:17:27
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
The trap of a false sense of security is far outweighed by the benefit of a "good enough" security delivered to more people.
We're talking multiple orders of magnitude here.  The math that counts is:
    Security = Users * Protection.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-23 12:15:13
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
1024 bits is pretty good, and there's some science that says it's about right.  E.g., risk management says there is little point in making a steel door inside a wicker frame.
The problem is more to do with distraction than anything else.  It is a problem that people will argue about the numbers, because they can compare numbers, far more than they will argue about the essentials. There is a psychological bias to beat ones chest about how tough one is on the numbers, and thus prove one is better at this game than the enemy.
Unfortunately, in cryptography, almost always, other factors matter more.
So, while you're all arguing about 1024 versus 4096, what you're not doing is delivering a good system.  That delay feeds in to the customer equation, and the result is less security.  Even when you finally compromise on 1964.13 bits, the result is still less security, because of other issues like delays.
Yeah, they are getting confused (compatibility failures) from too much choice.  Never a good idea.  Take out the choice.  One number.  Get back to work.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-22 12:32:42
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
So, boom.  Once the finger is pointed so directly, this came tumbling down within a day or two.
One mystery is left for me.  Why so much?  It clearly doesn't cost that much money to implement the DRBG, or if it did, I would have done it for $5m, honest injun!  Nor would it cost that to test it nor to deploy it on mass.  Documentation, etc.
What are we to conclude was the reason for such a high cost?  Conscience sedative?  Internal payoffs?
Another theory - take a fool's money?
And, what happens to RSA now?  If this is business-as-usual, does this mean that when the Feds show up to my door with 'a proposal' that I should see the mutual interest in sharing my customer's data with them by means ecliptic & exotic?  Take the 30 pieces of silver (adj. for 2000 years of inflation), and be happy they're also keeping my struggling business in the black?  Or grey?
Or, is it the new Crypto AG?  Is RSA the new byword for sellout?  Does RSA go out of business?  An Arthur Anderson event?
In which case I have no choice.  I have a reason to preserve the privacy of my customers, and tell the NSA I'm not interested in their cyanide pill patriotism.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-19 09:32:40
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
these days keylength.com is your friend :)  It tends to be internationalised so there is less bias.
Bingo!  The dots are now filled in.  NSA -> NIST -> supplier.
That's precisely what I would do if I were them:
Somewhat fun to enjoy salacious results from their keystone cops antics, yes, but the important thing is to develop the threat model.  Having some clear line of the process clarifies it immensely.
We now have to review NIST in its entirety.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-14 17:04:11
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
(is a better repository to answer your question.)
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-22 13:39:36
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Dual_EC_DRBG was cooked, but not AES? 
NIST didn't really "test, select, endorse and promulgate" the AES algorithm, and neither did the NSA.
The process was a competition for open cryptographers, not agencies.  It was done this way because we strongly suspected DES interference.
Some 30 algorithms were accepted in the first round, and subject to a year or so worth of scrutiny by the same submitting teams.  This then led to a second round of 5 competitors and another long-ish period of aggressive scrutiny.  The scrutiny was quite fierce because the reputations of the winners would be made, so the 5 teams did their darndest to undermine the competition.  Many famous names were hoping for the prize.
It is the case that NIST (and probably the NSA) selected Rijndael from the 5 finalists.  But they did so on the basis of a lot of commentary, and all the critics was agreed that all 5 were secure [0].
So, claiming that the NSA perverted the AES competition faces a much higher burden.  They would have had to have done these things:
    * pervert some of the early teams,
    * pervert the selection process to enable their stooges through,
    * and designed something that escaped the aggressive scrutiny
      of the losers.
It's possible, but much harder to get away with.
In contrast, with the DRBG adventure, NSA designed the process, and tacked it onto a more internal NIST standards process.  Little or minimal scrutiny from outside, and little or minimal perversion of outsiders necessary in the standardisation phase (but that did come later).
[0]  At the time, myself and my team followed it, and we predicted that Rijndael would be the winner ... just by reading all the comments.  Note we weren't serious cryptographers, but we provided the Java framework for the competition, so it was a
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-06 10:13:40
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
It looks like it is "all of the above."  These are the specific interventions I have seen mention of so far:
* weakened algorithms/protocols for big players (e.g., GSM, Cisco)
* weakening of RNGs
* inside access by 'covert agents' to hand over secrets (e.g., big 4)
* corruption of the standards process (NIST 2006?)
* corruption of certification process (CSC)
* crunching of poor passwords
* black ops to steal keys
* black ops to pervert systems
Which makes sense.  Why would the biggest player just do "one thing" ? No, they are going to do everything within their power.  They'll try all the tricks.  Why not, they've got the money...
What is perhaps more interesting is how these tricks interplay with each other.  That's something that we'll have trouble seeing and imagining.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-07 07:57:07
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Why prefer symmetric crypto over public key crypto? 
It's a big picture thing.  At the end of the day, symmetric crypto is something that good software engineers can master, and relatively well, in a black box sense.  Public key crypto not so easily, that requires real learning.  I for one am terrified of it.
Therefore, what Bruce is saying is that the architecture should recognise this disparity, and try and reduce the part played by public key crypto.  Wherever & whenever you can get part of the design over to symmetric crypto, do it.  Wherever & whenever you can use the natural business relationships to reduce the need for public key crypto, do that ps; The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-09 07:36:03
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Techniques for malevolent crypto hardware 
When I audited the process for root key ceremony for CAcert, I worried a fair bit about randomness.  I decided the entropy was untestable (therefore unauditable).
So I wrote a process such that several people would bring their own entropy source.  E.g., in the one event, 3 sources were used, by independent people on independent machines:
   * I used a sha-stream of laptop camera on dark paper [0]
   * Teus used sound card driver [1]
   * OpenSSL's RNG.
The logic was that as long as one person was honest and had a good source, and as long as our mixing was verifiable, the result would be good.
Then, I wrote a small C program to mix it [2];  as small as possible so a room full of techies could spend no more than 10 minutes checking it on the day [3].
The output of this was then fed into the OpenSSL script to do the root key.  (I'm interested if anyone can spot a flaw in this concept.)
[0] This idea from Jon Callas from memory, the idea is that the lack of light and lack of discrimination between pixels drives the photocells into a quantam uncertainty state.
[1] John Denker's sound card driver.
[2] As an amusing sidenote, I accidentally used | to mix the bytes not ^.  My eyeball tests passed at 2 sources but at 3 sources it was starting to look decidedly wonky.
[3] It was discussed on the group at this time, it was advised that the output of the mix should be sha'd, which I eventually agreed with, but I don't think I did in the event.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-26 05:21:39
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA recommends against use of its own products. 
Ah well, that is the sticky question.  If we accept the conclusion, I see these options:
1.  shift to something more open.
2.  use foreign providers.
3.  start writing.
4.  get out of the security game.
Right, scratch the Brits and the French.  Maybe AU, NZ?  I don't know. Maybe the Germans / Dutch / Austrians.
If you are referring to testing a provider's product for leaks, I think that's darn near impossible.
(If referring to the platform and things like leakage, that is an additional/new scope.)
As I have said, if you care, you write your own collector/mix/DRBG.  If not, then you're happy reading /dev/random.
(for the rest, all agreed.)
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-25 16:31:50
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA recommends against use of its own products. 
Hi Jerry,
I appreciate the devil's advocate approach here, it has helped to get my thoughts in order!  Thanks!
My conclusion is:  avoid all USA, Inc, providers of cryptographic products.  Argumentation follows...
Well, defaults being defaults, we can assume most people have left it in default mode.  I suppose we could ask for research on this question, but I'm going to guess:  most.  Therefore we could say that BSAFE is "mostly" unsafe, but as we don't know who is using it in default mode, I'm sure most cryptography people would agree that means "unsafe, period."
Firstly, this is to suggest that quality of implementation is the issue.   It isn't, the issue is whether the overall result is safe -- to end-users.  In this case, it could be fantastic code, but if the RNG is spiked, then the fantastic code is approx. worthless.
Reminds me of what the IRA said after nearly knocking off Maggie Thatcher:
     "Today we were unlucky, but remember we only have to be lucky once.
     You will have to be lucky always."
Secondly, or more widely, if the NSA has targetted RSA, then what can we conclude about quality of the rest of the implementation?  We can only make arguments about the rest of the system if we assume this was a one-off.  That would be a surprising thing to assume, given what else we * knowing it was an innocent mistake:  well, everyone makes them, even Debian.  So perhaps these products aren't so bad?
* knowing it was an influenced result:   USA corporations are to be avoided as cryptographic suppliers.  E.g., JCE, CAPI, etc.
Supporting assumptions:
1. assume the NSA is your threat model.  Once upon a time those threatened were a small group of neerdowellers in far flung wild countries with exotic names.  Unfortunately, this now applies to most people -- inside the USA, anyone who's facing a potential criminal investigation by any of the USA agencies, due to the DEA trick.  So most of Wall Street, etc, and anyone who's got assets attachable for ML, in post-WoD world, etc.  Outside the USA, anyone who's 2 handshakes from any neerdowellers.
2. We don't as yet have any such evidence from non-USA corps, do we? (But I ain't putting my money down on that...)
3. Where goes RSA, also follows Java's JCE (recall Android) and CAPI. How far behind are the rest?
4. Actually, we locals on this list already knew this to a reasonable suspicion.  But now we have a chain of events that allows a reasonable person outside the paranoiac security world to conclude that the NSA has corrupted the cryptography delivery from a USA corp.
True, 2005 or thereabouts, such a "story" could be and was told, and we can accept for the sake of argument it might not have been a "mistake" given what they knew.
That ended 2007.  RSA was no doubt informed of the results as they happened, because they are professionals, now conveniently listed out by Mathew Greene:
At that point the story unravels.  At that point, many would have concluded to change default, or even dropped the collector entirely.  If they were doing their job!  At that point, RSA did not change the default, and we move from "innocent mistake" to "negligence".
We know, to as great an extent as we ever can.  The evidence problem has to be seen in context.  Here is what we know so far:
1. the NSA will never ever give us the evidence, and it will even lie to a court about it.  They will go to the grave rather than admit it.
2. the NSA has perverted the standards process.
3. the NSA has perverted a commercial supplier of cryptography.
4. the NSA has a pattern and practice of repeated attempts at the above.
5. they are the spooks -- they wrote the book on deception.
6. a perverted supplier will always put a positive spin on it.  It's their livelihood, after all.  Can't blame them for trying to survive.
I suggest the above are facts, but anyone is free to establish their own.
In such a context, resting on lack of evidence of the "smoking gun" variety, and applying the legal theory of "guilty until proven innocent" is inappropriate.  I feel we could get away with that if the job is marketing, but inappropriate and negligent if the job is security.
Well, obviously this was a 2 phase story.  Either phase can fail, thus rendering the result fail.  But to conclude that RSA's part as meaningless is somewhat weird, that's the essence of finger-pointing. They had a choice, and they had a duty of care.  Pointing at NIST doesn't change that.
According to the information seen, and what I've been told informally in answer to my questions, that is exactly what happened:  Under influence of a large government contract, RSA was directly influenced ("encouraged") to make Dual_EC into the default.  "For the benefit of us Of course, there is no smoking gun, and Lucky's characterisation of the NSA paying $10m to spike the RNG could be said to be inaccurate and journalistic.  But not a completely wrong picture.
The NSA isn't that stupid.  Should we be?
 From the above facts, can we conclude either that
    (i) we have found the *one and only one* flaw,
or, are we wiser to conclude that
    (ii) we found /one of the/ flaws?
As to your questions:
(a) we cannot conclude BSAFE is safe, or not safe.  We never could, nor can we now, for this or any other product.  What we can ask is how much safer or less safe it is, now that we know what we know.
Which is to say, there are no absolutes, and the framing of the question as an absolute is a trap.
We can only analyse BSAFE in terms of options -- would it be (for example) now safer to switch to another provider?   Building on the theme of alternates, according to NIST records, these use Dual_EC:
RSA, Thales, Catbird, McAfee, Cummings, OpenSSL, ARX, Certicom, RIM/Blackberry, Mocana, Microsoft, Cisco, Juniper, Blackberry, OpenPeak, Samsung, Symantec, Riverbed, CoCo, Kony, Lancope, SafeNet, SafeLogic, Panzura, GE Healthcare.
(b) If we assume one and only one flaw, then, turning off the default Dual_EC is "safe".
(c) If we assume one and only one flaw, sure.
(d) Well, and there we have it.  If we already knew not to use Dual_EC, what to make of the current discussion?  One rule for RSA, one for others?
I think the conclusion is reasonable:  Avoid all USA cryptographic providers.  I guess that will cause some to be upset, but if they are upset, I'd ask how we can establish some reasonable judgement over the above questions, and specifically, why we can't conclude that all sizable targets within USA, Inc are targetted for perversion by the NSA?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-23 08:20:53
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA recommends against use of its own products. 
Etc.  Yes, we expect the company to declare itself near white, and the press to declare it blacker than the ace of spaces.
Meanwhile, this list is about those who know how to analyse this sort of stuff, independently.  So...
I don't see a lot of distance between choosing Dual_EC as default, and the conclusion that BSAFE & user-systems are insecure.
The question that remains is, was it an innocent mistake, or were they influenced by NSA?
We don't have much solid evidence on that.  But we can draw the dots, and a reasonable judgement can fill the missing pieces in.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-02 10:28:21
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
Hi Peter,
Indeed it can.  So how do we differentiate?  Here are two oft-forgotten Firstly, when systems fail, typically it is the system around the crypto that fails, not the crypto itself.  This tells us that (a) the job of the crypto is to help the rest of the system to not fail, and (b) near enough is often good enough, because the metric of importance is to push all likely attacks elsewhere (into the rest of the system).
An alternative treatment is Adi Shamir's 3 laws of security:
Secondly, when talking about security options, we have to show where the security fails.  With history, with evidence -- so we can inform our speculations with facts.  If we don't do that, then our speculations become received wisdom, and we end up fielding systems that not only are making things worse, but are also blocking superior systems from emerging.
OK, so TLS.  Let's see the failures in TLS?  SSL was running export grade for lots and lots of years, and those numbers were chosen to be crackable.  Let's see a list of damages, breaches, losses?
Guess what?  Practically none!  There is no recorded history of breaches in TLS crypto (and I've been asking for a decade, others longer).
So, either there are NO FAILURES from export grade or other weaker systems, *or* everyone is covering them up.  Because of some logic (like how much traffic and use), I'm going to plumb for NO FAILURES as a reasonable best guess, and hope that someone can prove me wrong.
Therefore, I conclude that perfect security is a crock, and there plenty of slack to open up and ease up.  If we can find a valid reason in the whole system (beyond TLS) to open up or ease up, then we should do it.
It is a significant question.  Who are we protecting?  If we are talking about online banking, and credit cards, and the like, we are *not* protecting against the NSA.
(Coz they already breached all the banks, ages ago, and they get it all in real time.)
On the other hand, if we are talking about CAs or privacy system operators or jihadist websites, then we are concerned about NSA-level Either way, we need to make a decision.  Otherwise all the other pronouncements are futile.
All good questions.  What you have to do is decide your threat model, and protect against that.  And not flip across to some hypothetical received wisdom like "MITM is the devil" without a clear knowledge about why you care about that particular devil.
Indeed, so many unknowables.  Which is why a risk management approach is to decide what you are protecting against and more importantly what you are not protecting against.
That results in, sharing the responsibility with another layer, another person.  E.g., if you're not in the sharing business, you're not in the security business.
In that lies the trap.  Because we can make a block cipher that is unbreakable, we *think* we can make a system that is unbreakable.  No such applies.  Because we think we can make a system that is unbreakable, we talk like we can protect the user unbreakably.  A joke.   Out of this sort of fallacious extension has come non-repudiation, off-the-record, authenticated HTTPS, and other myths.
Indeed, we can't even agree on a stream cipher that is unbreakable, let alone SSL or HTTPS or SSH or Skype or those higher level services.
And, the trap springs.  In order to make our constructions unbreakable, we do a bit of handwaving, and hand the user a crock full of implausible smelly brown stuff.
Sure.  Just be sure you don't hobble real world systems with perfect security models.
Systems are used by users.  Not by cryptographers.  It is the security people who have the bias from reality;  users not.  Users are the reality, what they do with your system is the reality.
P_i's and I_i's.
Indeed.  Not only does it not work well to model, it provides little basis for assumption at all.  Which is why risk management typically doesn't use it.
Yep, busted.  But TLS is not designed to protect Manning and Snowden.
Nope, and it famously didn't.  Manning was caught with chats over OTR to a trusted accomplice who recorded them and handed them over.  As is entirely predictable.
This is why I say, the threat is *always* on the node.  From your perspective, we can make the wire protocol so (cryptographically) strong that we can ignore any residual weaknesses, and simply model the threat on the node.  That's what we should protect for, and that's what went wrong for Manning (as well as most other examples you can find).
No problem!  Hey, I'm unsure about your references, but it's like a 10 hour flight from that location to where I am ;)
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-01 09:02:36
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
Just to clarify my original poser -- which *public key methods* are suggested in Suite A?
RSA?  EC?  diversified keys?  Something new?
The answer will probably illuminate what the NSA really thinks about EC.
(As well as get us all put in jail for thought-crime.)
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-05 11:03:38
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] the spell is broken 
Thanks for those kind words, all.  Perhaps some deeper background.
When I was writing those hypotheses, I was very conscious that there was *no silver bullet*.  I was trying to extrapolate what we should do in a messy world?
We all know that too many ciphersuites is a mess.  We also know that only one suite is vulnerable to catastrophic failure, and two or three suites is vulnerable to downgrade attacks, bugs in the switching, and expansion attacks in committee.
A conundrum!
Perhaps worse, we know that /our work is probably good/ but we are too few!  We need ways to make cryptoplumbing safe for general software engineers, not just us.  Not just hand out received wisdom like "use TLS" or follow NIST.  If we've learnt anything recently, it is that standards and NISTs and similar are not always or necessarily the answer.
There are many bad paths.  I was trying to figure out what the best path among those bad paths was.  From theory, I heard no clarity, I saw noise.
But in history I found clues, and that is what informs those hypotheses.
If one looks at the lifecycle of suites (or algorithms, or protocols, or products) then one sees that typically, stuff sticks around much longer than we want.  Suites live way past their sell-by date.  Once a cryptosystem is in there, it is there to stay until way past embarrassing.  Old, algorithms, old suites are like senile great-aunts, they hang around, part of the family, we can't quite see how to push them off, and we justify keeping her for all sorts of inane reasons.
Alternatively, if one looks at the history of failures, as John Kelsey pointed to a few days ago, one sees something surprising:  rarely is a well-designed, state of the art cryptosuite broken.  E.g., AES/CBC/HMAC as a suite is now a decade old, and still strong.
Where things go wrong is typically "outside" the closely designed envelope.  More, the failures are like an onion:  the outside skin is the UI, it's tatty before it hits the store.  Take the outer layer off, and the inner is quite good, but occasionally broken too.  If we keep peeling off the layers, our design looks better and better....
Those blemished outer onion layers, those breaks, wherever they are, provide the next clue in the puzzle.  Not only security issues, but we also have many business issues, features, compliance ... all sorts of stuff we'd rather ignore.
E.g., I'm now adding photos to a secure datagram protocol -- oops!  SSL took over a decade for SNI, coz it was a feature-not-bug.  Examples abound where we've ignored wider issues because it's SOPs, Regardless of what we think or want, if we are really being responsible for the end-user result, we would be faced with pressures to do wholesale fixes.  And these fixes will come more from the outside of the onion than from inside.  Therefore, I claim:
    The cryptoplumber will be pressured to replace the system
    well before needing to replace any particular crypto component.
Add in more issues:  Resources -- I haven't got a team to spend on tweaking.  Better knowledge over time -- we know so much more now. Incompatibility nightmares.  Then, it becomes clearer that the big picture is rarely about a cryptosuite, it's about the whole darn system.
Hence, I say:
    Plan on replacing the whole lot, when it is needed.
Which leads to the corollary:
    Do a good job:  make it Good as well as True!
And you likely won't need a second.  And another corollary:
    Prepare the next generation in background time.
    In your sleep, on the train, on honeymoon...
    Be advanced, be ready!
In the rarest of circumstances that you do need to replace a cryptosuite, just replace the whole darn lot.  It'll be about time, anyway.
For some reason, I'm wondering what the optimal method for a random shuffle of dinner choices/plates is, and how the vegetarians are going to respond...
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-03 09:32:27
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] the spell is broken 
There is a wider concept here.  The NSA has done stuff.  Are we going to sit around and accept it?
RSA did.  They accepted what they were told by NIST and by their government purchasing contacts, without challenge.  They ignored the warnings from the cryptographers.
Now look where that got that them.  Remember Arthur Anderson?  The signal of the conviction in court collapsed the oldest most respected audit firm within weeks.  That's what RSA is facing...
So a supplier of integrity is also faced with a much wider question.  It isn't just whether AES is scrunched or SHA-2 is fleeced.  It's about who the supplier trusts and who the supplier is perceived to trust.
In distancing itself from NIST in as many ways as it can think of, Silent Circle is saying "we call the shots in our products."
The upshot here is that some companies of good product are going to respond, and they are going to punish NIST and RSA and other suppliers by various and many means.
Or, they are not.  Which says what?
Signals matter in security, we've got precious little else we can do with the security business than send out the right signals, because for the most part, our product can't be audited, can't be verified, and must be relied upon, without any foundation of trust except "these are the good guys."
Where do you stand?  What signal do you send?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-03 07:49:42
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] the spell is broken 
Right, good analogy.  "Proving the negative" is the trap that google, Apple, Facebook, etc are in.
I would say it is risk management.  As you say, we no longer have confidence in "proving the negative" because we are faced with a confirmed positive.
Over on the other list, I thought about it more, and came to these     1. the interference happened.
    2. a key component was the perversion of a cryptography supplier.
    3. NSA can influence suppliers that export and those that are
       large government contractors.
    4. Therefore we can no longer have the confidence ("prove the
       negative") in US exporters of crypto.
    5. Avoid all USA crypto.
This is far worse than BSAFE or NIST -- failure of confidence impacts Java's JCA and Microsoft's CAPI.  Questions have even been raised about Linux's RNG.
Which means most everyone in the application world is in trouble deep.
I have faith in AES.  I played a small part in the project, it went well.  We didn't need to change our Rijndael code at all, just rename it to AES.
I have faith in SHA1, SHA2, and SHA3.  They play relatively non-delicate parts in properly designed protocols, and their margin of safety is proven in the MD5/SHA1 history.
PK algorithms are a different story...  I certainly agree that choosing NIST EC curves raises questions about your entire process.  Not for the American market, but the world market.
Dark clouds ahead.  It's back to 1990s.  I don't think they really had a grip on how much damage they could do.  I wonder if NIST has a grip on how to recover this situation?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-02 15:41:21
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] the spell is broken 
October 02, 2013
Silent Circle moves away from NIST cryptographic standards, cites NSA The company plans to replace AES and SHA-2 with Twofish and Skein in its encrypted communication services
By Lucian Constantin | IDG News Service
Silent Circle, a provider of encrypted mobile Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) and text messaging apps and services, will stop using the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) cipher and Secure Hash Algorithm 2 (SHA-2) hash functions as default cryptographic algorithms in its [ Build and deploy an effective line of defense against corporate intruders with InfoWorld's Encryption Deep Dive PDF expert guide. Download it today! | Stay up to date on the latest security developments with InfoWorld's Security Central newsletter. ]
"We are going to replace our use of the AES cipher with the Twofish cipher, as it is a drop-in replacement," Silent Circle CTO Jon Callas said Monday in a blog post. "We are going to replace our use of the SHA-2 hash functions with the Skein hash function. We are also examining using the Threefish cipher where that makes sense."
The company also plans to stop using P-384, one of the elliptic curves recommended by the NIST for use in elliptic curve cryptography (ECC).
Silent Circle plans to replace the P-384 elliptic curve with one or more curves that are being designed by cryptographers Daniel Bernstein and Tanja Lange, who have argued in the past that Suite B elliptic curves are weak.
"If the Suite B curves are intentionally bad, this would be a major breach of trust and credibility," Callas said. "Even in a passive case

@_date: 2013-10-20 09:28:32
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] [RNG] on RNGs, VM state, rollback, etc. 
Good example.  I'm going to get off the fence and say that the RNG should never block.
The security/availability tradeoff is *always* a business decision.  In the above example, it is a decision of Postfix.
The problem for the tool above, TLS, is that it doesn't know the business, nor the business decisions.  So it tries to make its product as universal as it can.  Which means, in the eyes of the tool-maker, it should be as secure as it can be.
But not more.  The trap is sprung when in order to make the product that little bit more secure, and defeat the bogeyman threats, an impractical requirement is loaded onto the business.
Examples abound:
   * In the above, Gnu TLS exits.  Bad.
   * With RNGs, they block.  Not good because programmers can't deal with it, and blocked startup sequences can cause deadlocks, and and and... (I recall that FreeBSD 'fixed' this by making /dev/random never block, and equivalent to urandom.  Highly controversial at the time.)
   * With SSL, to solve the bogeyman MITM, they imposed certs and turned off opportunistic opportunities -- and consequently split the security for the web, and made it always vulnerable to an easy downgrade attack.   A billion or so of damages for that 'perfect' decision.
A product should be as secure as it can be *at no cost to the user*, but no more.  Beyond that, the user has to make the decisions, and if the user really cares, the user can read the doco and understand the If they don't do their research, and they need to, then they are negligent.  It is not up to the tool to predict how negligent or needy the caller is.  There is no such thing as perfect.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-31 09:20:43
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] [RNG] /dev/random initialisation 
Every intervention will be reasonable in isolation.  Only in full will the real goal become apparent, and chances are we will never know the full story.  They are after all the experts at secrets.  We are not.  We will never ever be brought in to the real story, we can only triangulate from their mistakes.
Absolutely.  In a benign statistical world, this is an important aphorism, and our experiences reinforce this.  The wiser we get, the more we battle with incompetence.
But in a machiavellian world, I turn to things like 48LoP or the sabotage manual.
This latter is so useful that I present it to any board I work with;  it tells them they are the enemy, pogo-like.  The business about intervention doesn't have to be true, and this is still a useful reminder of how they can stuff it up all by themselves.
ps;   Or spy novels;  the famous authors all get their material from ... The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-31 09:15:04
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] [RNG] /dev/random initialisation 
The assumption that a FIPS-approved entropy source is a good source is now challenged.
If it is a misunderstanding, it's had larger than normal ramifications.   There have been many reports of dropping all external sources as a need to get approval.  It's the process?
The above should be read:  "do a deal with the vendors of FIPS-approved entropy sources."  (If there is any FIPS authentication, I assume that this is a commercial product that is sold for $$$ as otherwise there is little chance of covering the cost of FIPS.  Challenge?  Peter?  Ben?)
The process of the NSA, as apparently expounded in various press articles, is to go to these suppliers and ask in a sort of joking fashion, "hey, are you going to do a back door for me?"  If that conversation works out, isn't rejected, then the approach proceeds.  If the conversation is rejected, they back off.
(Insert normal business approaches here about priorities, government contracts, influence.)
I don't think anyone has published a definitive writeup on this process.   There are multiple confirmations of the above, in some sense or other.   Bruce Schneier mentioned he is collecting stories, he mentioned he already had several so I guess we can await a blog post on the stories.
I understand that it is really tough to sort the tin-foil hatters from the serious folk.  E.g., I frequently got slapped down when I suggested to serious security and crypto people that Skype post-USA-sale could no longer be trusted.  Now we know it is fact;  the protocol was changed and opened up to server manipulation in or around 2008/2009.  USG influence started the moment Skype entered jurisdiction (although maybe not in the way that interests this group).
More tin-foil hattism revealed:
It's really really hard when you work at a job where everyone's entire reputation is dependent on this question.
Fertile ground for interventions, that is precisely the point.
The question probably comes down to:  do you believe that the NSA intervenes in the process?  If not, then you will tend to err on the side of incompetence, security being too hard for people, avoid committees, etc etc.
If you do believe that the NSA has and is interfering in the process, then all bets are off.  We have to establish a theory as to how, when, why, etc.
What's that theory?
Remember, intelligence community are the experts in interfering with processes;  it is their job to do it in other countries.  They've been doing it as a profession since the 1930s in USA, far longer in other We are the amateurs.  We are children compared to their capabilities. Interventions will always be explainable, and adults always know better.
Back to the topic:  my conclusion is to not accept the FIPS standardisation requirement that only FIPS sources be used, and to insist that an independent carefully designed source be added into the mix.  If that costs our FIPS compliance, then so be it.  Call it FIPS compatible and let the marketing dudes worry about it.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-30 12:29:12
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] [RNG] /dev/random initialisation 
Bingo.  Authenticated!
Do we see a multi-phase approach here?
1.  Limit the sources to FIPS-authenticated inputs.
2.  Limit the number of sources that can be used.
3.  Do a deal with all major suppliers of FIPS-authenticated inputs.
4.  Profit.
This is looking like the same multi-pronged strategy that sunk DRBG_EC.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-10 16:25:06
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Which encryption chips are compromised? 
Nice!  Lots more information, and evidence.  Blog post updated...
This appears to be the NYT commentary:
What I was surprised about with these detailed revelations was that there was almost no fuss.  This stuff is the smoking gun for our industry.  I must have been totally asleep to miss them...
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-10 13:12:58
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] Which encryption chips are compromised? 
In the recently revealed [0] NSA Consolidated Cryptography Program (CPP) goals for FY13, there was one as yet still redacted word [1]:
    * (TS//SI//REL TO USA, FVEY) Complete enabling for [XXXXXX] encryption chips used in Virtual Private Network and Web encryption devices. [CCP_00009].
What's the XXXXXX ?  The full length of the redaction can be seen in the graphic, about 15 letters.
[0] A related question is where were these slides posted on the Guardian and NYT sites?  Which did which redaction?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-06 05:35:17
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] [RNG] /dev/random initialisation 
Claiming it is to protect you is an old trick.  Don't give it a moment's thought, save the analysis for important problems.
Clues...  and might put to bed some other conspiracy theories of hardware level manipulation.
iang, proudly wearing the tin foil hat today
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-10 09:57:01
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] randomness +- entropy 
Ah, point.  You pointed out earlier that AES was attractive because of the AES-NI instruction ... which indicates a desire for speed.
I'm not sure about the need for speed here.  I can't see the motivation for it at all in pure RN project terms, it seems to just be the normal obsession of programmers?
(In amusing contrast, many were sold on DRBG_EC, because it was slower, in part...)
Also, it seems the preference to many is to block while not receiving quality RNs;  is speed really an issue?
Presumably, if your need is only for whitening the output, you could also look at SHA3.  The core algorithm comes from the same team (or close) and it has a lot of flexibility in its sponge construction that might help it play a bigger part.  It should be faster than AES.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-09 11:14:04
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] randomness +- entropy 
I would recommend you not call the methods in the Crypto subsystem, and not negotiate with the developers at all.  Simply copy the AES code across (from anywhere) and duplicate it so that you have complete independence and complete control.  Interdependencies between security modules are a sin, and code reuse while nice is not a good enough reason to complicate the net of dependencies underneath the security surface.
Also, your use of the AES algorithm is entirely distinct to theirs.  You only go one way, like a hash, theirs is two way, encrypt and decrypt, reversibly.  You may be able to happily strip out parts of AES in order to get a better efficiency, they cannot.  E.g., it may be possible to use less of the code and more of the AES instructions directly to get all you need (I don't know, I'm just speculating here...).
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-14 06:56:12
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
Aha!  So you could measure the ratio of PGP to S/MIME usage by message from that.  You could also count the number of distinct users for each As a proxy for PGP population, if you have the S/MIME population estimate from somewhere, multiple that with the ratio, and you have an estimate.  Standard marketing calculations...
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-13 15:55:36
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
I suspect you might be better off counting messages encrypted rather than users.  Anyone got an angle into a message tracking service?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-09 08:05:21
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Irony, delicious irony.  Google, Facebook and Yahoo are banned from crossing the border by Wassenar.
And that's just the commercial players.  Wait until those other bureaucracies wake up, like the FATF, which explicitly requires the implementation of ... all of 5. above.
Cold war warriors never die, they just add more clauses to Wassenaar.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-05 17:31:42
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Hi Jacob,
thanks for the good work, I wish I could join in on the project. Questions are endless, and I find it hard to make them precise enough to get sensible analysis.
I had other questions, but in the end, there is only one that makes a Preamble.  To a large extent in the thoughful security world, we knew that these capabilities existed, albeit not to this astonishing level of detail.  None of the toys listed in the catalogue were shall we say a total surprise, to me at least.
What is a game changer is the relationship between the NSA and the other USA civilian agencies.  The breach of the civil/military line is the one thing that has sent the fear level rocketing sky high, as there is a widespread suspicion that the civil agencies cannot be trusted to keep their fingers out of the pie.  AKA systemic corruption.  If allied to national sigint capabilities, we're in a world of pain.
Question:  Is there anything that can put some meat&metrics on how developed and advanced this relationship is, how far the poison has spread?  How afraid should people in America be?
1.  Is there anything in the documentation that speaks to what they are failing to break into at the moment?  We see a lot about what they can do, but not a lot about what they can't do (TOR?).
What's not vulnerable or expensive or disturbing, and where can we draw the line?
2.  The bios-level implanting is particularly worrisome.  This is going to change the threat map quite seriously.  Is there anything we can say about the frequency or likelihood that bios implanting is happening? E.g., types of targets, sizes, locations, suppliers etc.
As a hypothetical, say I'm SWIFT and I buy Dell servers.  Am I at risk?   is the sort of analysis I'm trying get to...
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-04 09:26:13
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] pie in sky suites - long lived public key pairs for persistent identity 
Long term identity is not a concept in a vacuum.  Identity in software business always relates to other people, your identity is like the sum of the thoughts that *others have about you* unlike psychology where identity is a concept of how you think about yourself.
So you have to consider (a) everyone else and (b) how everyone else interacts with you.
Which in today's world is pointing to the phone.   If we're talking the identity on the phone, we're now talking about 2 or more things, horizontally:  an app by itself, or an app that integrates vertically with the telco (SIM card).  We can also bifurcate vertically with Apple v. Android, and also-rans.
The point being that identity of the future is constrained to the platform that everyone lives on.  The western/past was your laptop and PGP and online banking.  The all-world/future is the phone and mPesa style mobile money and apps like SnapChat.
The phone is a really sucky platform for security purposes.  The end conclusion of this argument is that ... it doesn't matter much what strength/type key you're using because you have to deal with the platform.
As an example.  In my business, we have money on phones, including shared accounts and treasurer management and other stuff.  This gets hairy if say /the treasurer loses her phone/.  This is a real, live, every day issue.
What to do?
(skipping long analysis)... we have to be able to recover the entire app onto a new phone and carry on as if nothing had happened.  To do this, we have to migrate the swamp of server escrow (cryptocloud! got it sorta working last night) and encryption against servers and 4 digit pins and finger swipes and cooperative arrangements with people who today are your most trusted friends and tomorrow have stolen all your money.
See where this is going?  The conclusion is, it doesn't matter a damn what strength key you use.  In practice, we use what tickles us as geeks, and what works well with our software design.
I'm using RSA1024/AES128/SHA1-HMAC at the moment, I could use RSA512 and I'd be within my analysed threat model and designed security model.
I'll switch over at some stage to CurveLatest/ChaCha20+Poly1305 ... but it won't make a jot of difference to my identity.  I'll do it coz it's cool.
No.  RSA then EC is what I'll do.  I don't know about NTRU, but I'm the guy who always says less is best.
Now that is a question!  Yes, let's hear more about their use of Public Key [0].  This is now a validated issue, because Suite B and EC is under a cloud by the NSA's actions.  Anyone?
lol... What was also funny was that paper had a lot of TS over it.  Nice to know that these guys are carefully covering up the bleeding obvious.   Maybe that's why the newspaper released it over New Year's Day, for [0] cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-09 08:16:41
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Omidyar-Greenwald Scam to Sell Crypto? 
Here come the self-haters and the journalistic whiners.  I don't think they have ever recovered from the loss of their social conscience role since the rise of the blog.  Which was easy to defeat, they just had to write more relevant and less hateful stuff.
We here all know that selling privacy is hard, and some would say it is impossible.  We also all know that anyone involved in the leaks is likely to face the full wrath of the state.  Which means loss of financial stability.
I don't particularly like the model that they have chosen -- set up a non-profit, financed by a profit corp selling applicable stuff -- as it's been tried before, and found wanting.  The complaint against the FUD sales technique is well agreed, and a frequent reminder of the market for silver bullets, snake oil and manipulation.
But let's not forget the basics:  Greenwald probably needs an independent income, and support.  If the newspapers get cold feet, the people doing the work need somewhere else.  John (e.g.) provides a repo, but there are 100 other factors out there that need to be filled out: accomodation, food, travel, computers, internet, coffee and beer, distributions services, analysis, protection, legal, ... the list is as long as society itself.
Knocking these efforts on the head because one has a personal beef with the way the world is going is just sad.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-19 08:59:28
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Yes, and when they can't find it in their haystack, they go looking in
others' haystacks.  All of the agencies have been implicated in tracking
democratic protests, under the guise of "breeding terrorists."
I definitely agree with your point.  We should not be seeking to
interpret information that isn't available.  The news I saw last week
was that the NSA's Trillion Dollar Anti-Terrorism Decade has succeeded
in ... stopping one $8500 transfer to an implicated somali group.
That's it!  My first calculator couldn't even display that ratio...
Right, doesn't make sense.  The better way to deal with this is to use
what information we have, and seek to augment it with new information.
Which is what I'm saying above.
No, you're missing the point.  We don't have to prove a negative, we can
assert and agree to a positive.  We can create evidence by means of
disclosure, up front.
Let's say you are going to buy a crypto tool.  Something to replace
BSAFE, whatever, doesn't matter.  You can go to vendors and ask them to
disclose their practices.
"Do you have any sales to security agencies?"
"Do you have a process where security agencies provide you with security
"Do you ship product that is influenced by security agencies?"
"What process do you use to accept influence from security agencies?"
"Can we rely on these answers?"
Basically, a vendor that wishes to stand apart will answer these in one
way.  A vendor that is uncertain will answer them in another way.  And a
vendor that is compromised will answer them in a third way.  You can
interpret the answers, and you can hold the company to those answers;
this is the nature of civil litigation.
Try it.  Ask Silent Circle questions like these.  Ask RSA.  What would
Lavabit have said?  I don't know how they will answer (and I'm not
buying today) but I'm pretty sure anyone will be able to see the
difference in the answers, and any lawyer will too.
I agree.  Entirely.  But observe the distance between 'la la la' and
trying to prove the negative -- Nothing!
One is a benign response and the other is a circular aggressive
response.  Both have the same result.
Look elsewhere for answers.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-17 07:39:04
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
So, counterpoint.  Skype.
They weren't tricked, they turned -- it was a conscious decision of the
owners to take the king's shilling somewhere around 2009, before the
sale to Microsoft.
Skype now tracks the content back to HQ, as was reported by Heise,
proven by Adam, and leaked by Snowden.  Undoubtedly, at SKype HQ in
Redmond there are friends from Ft Meade with their special fibre link,
indeed the revelations say as much (can't recall where).
Why is there no boycott on Skype?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-16 18:37:05
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
New for CAcert is part 1 of the two part series on the secret cells:
This was inspired by Snowden revelations, and it is the sort of sharing
of information that I think people should really pursue.
I'm particularly interested in comments about the 6 Assumptions.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-16 18:30:12
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Well, we could do nothing.  Seems a bit pathetic, how do stand before
customers and say "oh, it's ok, it's just the media again?"
We could choose an alternate approach.  I'm not sure what that would be

@_date: 2014-01-15 19:57:07
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Hi steve,
We disagree :)  Most people didn't have a clue what they wanted, or what
they meant by security.  They just wanted security, in a 6-pack, and at
the discount price please.
The reason people wanted web server authentication was that they were
told that's what they wanted.
A long long long time ago we worked out that this was a fallacy.  Now we
can show it with even better numbers, with risk analysis.
For your ordinary non-finance site, what's the likelihood of
eavesdropping and what's the likelihood of MITM (for which we want
    Eavesdropping:    100%  (thanks, NSA!)
    MITM:             0%    (to many extra zeros.)
Not wanting anon-dh on all HTTP means either you do not understand the
economics of security or it means you're a marketing droid.
Wait, that's not fair, I never did the economics!  OK here goes:
                      Likelihood             Cost
    Eavesdropping:    100%  (tx, NSA))       Free   (unmeasurable)
    MITM:             0%    (.00000..)       $100 per server
(proper risk analysis would multiply those numbers out, but we can see
where this is going...  Zero is good that way.)
Oh, there is no one simple factor.  But there are driving forces that
push the factors around.
Do you remember what happened in the late 1990s with the IETF
announcements that strong crypto was the only answer?  Servers and
browsers are still shipping 40 bit crypto... Compatibility is a far
bigger force or factor than IETF monthly memes.
Yes, so the real action is in Bitcoin, in p2p, and out there in the
startups.  The security models that matter to ordinary people aren't
found in the IETF WGs, they are found in Skype (dammit), in Facebook
(security? wot security?) in snapchat, in gmail, and the gogglecenters.
We should still try to fix the ones we have:  get HTTP over to
opportunistic encryption of some form, up the ladder, get more sites up
to authenticated as and when they judge it right to pay the price.
We should try, but this is all terrifically old stuff.  Most of the
people on this forum are already nodding off, we are too old for
repeated arguments and lost battles...
Maybe it really is up to a new generation, like the bitcoin borg?  Hmmm,
no, their idea of security is ...
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-15 19:28:49
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Could have been, but that isn't the case.  There is enough background
info to conclude that the experts were not consulted on the deal.  Not
that it makes much difference, remember the clanger.
There are some things that can be exaggerated ... and some things that
can't be passed off as mere bluster and marketing.
I never said they were evil, but it might be evil to reinterpret words
to defend the indefensible, dunno.
As has been repeatedly mentioned in this list, RSA were tricked.  They
and the people within were not evil nor are they evil.
Rather, *there but for the grace of the crypto gods go we all*.
(You're right about the looking back part for myself, I never even heard
of a DUAL_EC before this blew up.)
As has been mentioned, we are in a different space - the attacker
refuses to play fair with us and appear in court to answer our
prosecution.  No discovery is possible.  He will lie, prevaricate,
deceive, and perjure, ignore orders to reveal.
We cannot therefore rely on the standard of "beyond reasonable doubt"
without committing a willful blindness ourselves.
This won't change.  I therefore choose not to be willfully blind, and
use a weaker standard.  Balance of probabilities is suggested for civil
cases, and that seems to be a good working metric.
Anyone of course can decide to insist on a smoking gun -- beyond
reasonable doubt.  But we're dealing with an attacker that isn't that
Should we be?  If you choose that path, all power to you, but you've
taken yourself and your opinion out of the game.  Sorry about that.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-15 17:14:25
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Read a website:
"RSA BSAFE Crypto Kernel offers versions of popular cryptographic
algorithms optimized for both small code size and high performance.
Unlike alternatives such as open source, our technology is backed by
highly regarded cryptographic experts."
They make the promise above, and in many other places and times.  They
delivered the DUAL_EC against that promise.
Also, we have the fact that they ignored the warnings that came out
about DUAL_EC, from around 2007 - 2013.
In short, their highly regarded cryptographic experts were not deployed,
not available, not on that job.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-15 11:25:25
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
But, it is our side show.  All of the above examples are in other
businesses, where they promise little to do with security.  As the telco
CEO said, "our business is to connect phones together."
In our world, and in RSA's world, we promise to deliver security.  Not
phone calls, not oil-for-food, not airbases in Iraq, not 3rd world debt,
not higher returns, etc.
Security is the promise, and that was the promise RSA fell on.  When a
Samurai fails to protect his lord, he falls on his sword.  When he
delivers a lousy bowl of noodles, he cares not.  The lord should employ
a noodle cook.
iang, who's wondering when his own promises are going to bring the sword
too close for comfort...
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-15 11:15:31
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Hi Steve,
I beg to differ!
Yes.  Why is anon-dh there in TLS but not covering the planet?
Opportunistic crypto (more like Self-signed Certs) is there in SSH, and
SSH *is covering the planet* !
It's bad, I grant.  It's a rhetorical question, it's supposed to
indicate that IETF doesn't actually have a good track record here...
Write them down, successes v. failures, left v. right.
A WG achieves the same result as a committee.  Of course they are not
committees, anyone can join.  But we get the same effect, it's a zebra
without stripes, or is it a horse with stripes?
"Getting involved" is the reason why TLS opportunistic encryption is not
covering the planet.
Although widely criticised for its crypto, SSL v1 was opportunistic
until certain financially interested parties (remember their names?
infamous now) forced Netscape to "get involved" and get certified before
it had got enough traction.  Since then, those that are "involved" have
made sure that there is no change.
"The Vancouver IETF plenary concluded that pervasive monitoring
represents an attack on the Internet, and the IETF has begun to carry
out various of the more obvious actions required to try to handle this
attack. "
We've been here so many times.  OK, so here's what's going to happen.
The people at the event will agree to try more stuff, they'll hear more
presentations, and there will be a general move to accept more thinking
about opportunistic crypto.
Once the declaration of consensual outrage is done, the WGs will ignore
it totally.  They'll get back to their fiddling around with MD5 fires
and beastly breaches and what have you.  PKIX will not support
opportunistic.  The vendors won't do a thing, because they can't change
anything without leadership from the WG, who they "involve" to control.
 And if anyone convinces the WG to actually shift and say something like
"all servers must now offer anti-mass surveillance suites," then the
vendors will say, oh, and now you have to convince the vendor's
associations...  get involved!
The IETF cannot be presented with a position paper describing the
problem because the IETF is part of the problem, and nobody wants to
hear it who has already taken the investment to participate.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-14 17:59:25
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Yes.  And it's soooo easy to do with a WG/committee.  IMHO, if they had
decided to do the opposite (make the products strong) they would have
had a very hard time of it.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-14 07:01:09
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Also, I think a fair proportion of the blame lies with NIST.  They force
their standards on the world (never mind that they don't say that) and
then act surprised when they get turned.  What's worse, they take no or
little account that they are pursuing industrial control policies by
their barriers to entry, the cost of the stuff is huge, for what dividend?
I'd boycott NIST.  Dump all the security FIPS and what have you.  How
much good have they done?
I'd also boycott companies doing business with the NSA.  And USG.  If
their primary purposes is dealing with those agencies, then we know they
are likely vulnerable.  Seek companies with clean records.  Especially,
ask questions:  how much influence?  what options were asked for?  what
The attack on the RSA conference is an attack on the brand of RSA.  This
covers the whole company.  Yes there is collateral damage, but there is
also an easy fix:  change the name, sell the company.  It can even be
If the response is serious, EMC will realise.  OK, that's not a given,
the idiot journalists universally attack the brand of Java whenever an
applet exploit is found, and Oracle sits their sleeping like a sloth.
So maybe some of these companies don't understand what a brand is.
That is an idea.  If one is in the business of sanctions and one is
concerned with collateral damage, it is a competitive market.
I think all boycotts have this problem.  But what other tool do we have?
Is it a battle to win?  CISOs pick the tokens.  They are unlikely to
look past their noses.  The tokens are typically customer-branded.
We would need more that speaks directly against the tokens to spread the
message, hypothetically something like a Snowden revelation that
indicates the NSA has a back door to the tokens.
Perhaps just those questions.  If RSA dropped the security baby on
BSAFE, why not on the tokens?  Did the NSA approve or vet the tokens?
Did they sit in on any of the meetings for government sales?  What
features and options did they request?  Does BSAFE play a part?  Was
DUAL_EC used for the generation of the token secrets?
In the contrary, do we do more damage to companies by tricking them into
dropping perfectly good tokens for some other equally ropey product?
I feel like we should also boycott the IETF.  They have truly not served
us.  We should have had opportunistic SSL covering the planet by now,
and that would have been a fantastic defence against the worldwide
surveillance -- it would have shifted the NSA to an active attack, which
would have been eventually detected.
They're still sitting there doing the work of the companies and not the
work of the people.  What success have the IETF committees brought us,
other than to surface the corporate wars?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-14 06:31:56
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
What's your suggestion?
Let's try a hypothetical.  Say I'm CEO of some really important security
company.  And I know I'm being punked.  Or, I'm a techie and I think
I've spotted a punking in progress.
What message do you want to give me?  It's ok for RSA?  I'll get away
with it because people need my product?  As long as I don't admit I knew?
This exact same thing happened in the CA industry -- CAs were selling
dodgy MITM sub-certs.  The alleged price for these was around $50k.
Gravy!  While nobody said anything, everyone was sweet.  Then, when we
started finding them ... the CAs didn't get punished.  Oh, there was
some flak in the papers, and sub-CAs were revoked, but no significant CA
lost anything.
So what do we do?  Being honourable doesn't work.
I find this all very curious.  People are really angry.  The NSA is
continuing to deceive or lie through their teeth or be so incompetent or
blind or dissonant that they should not just be fired but sent to the
gulags [0].
When people are angry, they want to punish someone.  We can't punish the
NSA.  People also want results, fixes.  Congress won't fix the NSA.
So how do we go about that, in a general sense?
Deploying more tools isn't it.  Tools get deployed, then weakened, then
forgotten.  We've travelled that path, that's where we are not, that's
the path they breached.
[0] compare this comment
"The officials resisted this characterization. Why, they asked, would
they compromise security of products they use themselves, like Windows,
Cisco routers, or the encryption standards they allegedly compromised?"
With these documents released by Snowden:
"Shape the worldwide commercial cryptography marketplace to make it more
tractable to advanced cryptanalytic capabilities being developed by
NSA/CSS."  etc etc.
[1] Or compare this:
They believe their intelligence gathering is palatable because it=92s
controlled by laws, regulations, and internal oversight. Looking at the
world through their eyes, there is no privacy threat in collecting
massive amounts of information =97 if access to that information is
rigidly controlled and minimalized.
To this:
=93Approval to release to non-Sigint agencies,=94 a GCHQ document says,
=93will depend on there being a proven non-Sigint method of acquiring keys.=
They are releasing SIGINT assets ... if they can get away with it?
That's preservation of their secrets, not protection for our secrets!
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-13 08:41:27
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for crypto 
That is what good defenders do, they think like attackers.  And that is what good attackers do, they think like defenders.
Just some words to challenge the idea forward ;-)
Revocation was a terrible failure in PKI.  As we saw, and predicted (and yes, the critics predicted revocation would not work), the CAs and their keys had to be revoked at the uber-CA level in software updates.
However, revocation can be done properly if done as part of holistic system design.  Payment systems are often designed like this.  Without specifying more of the details and requirements it is not easy to say more, but typically, it plays its part.
if one is fabricating ones own chip, then one could probably achieve the same effect by layering a heater circuit over the top of the key store.
And then having the microswitch dump the remaining battery life into it, or using a capacitor or somesuch.
The thing is, these are exotic attacks.  Remember, for most people, just having the stick will defend against their weakest point, their desktop or laptop or phone.
If you like, for yourself.  Avoid consensus on this, the list will drag on for ages and nobody will agree.  Any idle question will distract everyone.  "What about bluetooth?"  "We can't use EC!"
Slap your own ideas down and build it.  The builders will win this battle, not the talkers, nor the committees.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-13 07:51:28
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for crypto 
Sounds like lots of fun!  For the most part, I would say that all devices can be defeated in the lab by persistent attack, and the primary protection is:  Don't lose your stick!
In the first instance we need to get things going.
Much later on, it might be fun to start attacking the various ideas and see which can resist, which can boost their resistance, etc.
What does Travis recommend for preventing attacks?  Microswitches? Acid bottles?  Plastique?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-12 08:01:43
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for crypto 
Responding to all, it seems that the only constant here is USB, and nobody's particularly wedded to that.
So, we don't know what the best solution is.
Let a thousand flowers bloom.  Get your ideas out and try it.  One thing is clear:  not having anything is generally less secure than having The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-31 06:34:17
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] The crypto behind the blackphone 
Safety is a relative term used absolutely.  Secure phones aren't
secure if one enlarges the envelope slightly to include the owner, and
the crook standing next to her with a gun to her head.
Many will say "that's not our problem" but that also means they're not
doing security.  Security is measured by the results not the promises.
That would be a seriously interesting document.  Is there any such
thing around?
There used to be the NSA hardening guide for Mac OSX but they didn't
publish it after 10.4 iirc.  Another example of how they could help
industry and government, thwarted by some agenda issue, no doubt.
Right.  That's an economically efficient service.  Assuming a guide, I
can harden my phone, I suppose, but I haven't the time.  I'd rather
pay the premium and have it done, out of the box.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-02-09 07:27:01
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Snowden Drop to Poitras and Greenwald Described 
One of the things I read that really helped understand this process was
an old novel (not sure title/author) about the IRA bombers.  In that
novel (and do note that the spy novelists typically craft their plots
with as much reality as they can steal) the theme was about chasing the
chief IRA bomber and beating him.
But, the bomber also learnt, and adopted his tradecraft.  So what
British Intelligence did was to switch gears and harass his operations
to make them as difficult as possible.  Instead of trying to necessarily
stop the bombs, they pushed gear across that made bomb making risky, and
aggressively clamped down on 'safe' gear where they could.  In effect,
making unstable explosives and detonators available, and controlling the
market for the quality stuff.
So the bomb maker was forced into employing ever more risky techniques ...
This tactic of harassing the enemy to make mistakes more likely is
rather well known.  In war as in business.  And it can and is applied to
the media.
Since Iraq-I the technique of embedding has allowed the media to be
corralled and gelded, a technique the Americans got from the Brits who
developed it in the Falklands.  What is left is a clear trail of those
very few who decline to be embedded.
So, all of the legal, political, business and intel machines can be used
to harass and challenge the targets.  In that story, Poitras was
detained 40 times at airports.  This is deliberate harassment not to
punish her, but to try to slow her down, and to force her to make
mistakes.  Recall PRZ?  They tried to break him. Recall the IETF and its
difficulty in getting good crypto deployed?  Good stuff was harassed,
crap was rewarded.
Given this level of harassment, it really is entirely logical that
Greenwald -- he's a journo fakrisake -- took every excuse to avoid
getting in deep.  And both he and Poitras felt entrapment was a likely
direction, another sign that harassment was a real tactic.
They were acting entirely to the enemy's game plan, in the role cast for
them.  Be suspicious, be nervous, make like a rabbit.  Snowden's
challenge was to beat the plan, although reading the story, I'm
suspecting that he didn't recognise that game plan per se, and got
through with persistence, luck and desperation.
(And the next guy that tries that process is going to be caught, but
that's part of their story, not this one.)
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-04-04 13:36:42
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group 
Yes, this is similar to embedding.  In exchange for access, they get to
promise no reporting of actual .. news.  Just opinion.  They are now
propaganda agents.  Or?
Well maybe.  The problems I see are not addressed below.  Firstly, there
is no sense that the person concerned looked at the lies told by the
agency to their regulators, the Senate committee.  Which is a court, and
is therefore perjury.  And any other deceptions, broadly, and any
deceptions to the public.
Secondly, I don't see any investigation here of have the NSA has
breached commercial crypto or standards crypto.  There is a wider debate
here other than "they had some legal pretext."  There is an economy to
deal with, and as the NSA weakens the commercial infrastructure, crooks
move in. The question about interference in standards bodies is not a
persnickety one, it goes to the heart of why there was no real defence
against phishing from vendors, why the crap product we call security was
ineffective against breaching, and why mass surveillance was a doddle.
Thirdly there is no mention of the issue of sharing data with civilians.
 This is going on with around 20 agencies, yet it crosses the line that
should never be crossed.  And, that prohibition is so strong that it has
to be very clearly a matter of national security.  Which rules out
drugs, ML, and indeed most domestic terrorist attacks.  One might argue
that 9/11 was an outlier, but nothing else was.
It's all FBI business.  Yes, noted this is dirty politics by the CIA,
and the FBI has problems of their own, but the principle of separation
of these powers exists for a reason.  Fourthly:  no mention of that
Well.  They're on an adrenaline rush.  They probably have to out-do
every prior release in order to get the attention of their increasingly
jaded public.  What they could use is a media manager to run it like a
hollywood film or a political campaign.  Which will further annoy us as
we're after hard facts not more trips.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-04-04 13:09:48
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [cryptography] Tails 
Has anyone looked at Tails?
 Crucial encryption tool enabled NSA reporting on shoestring budget
Big players in Snowden revelations publicly praise Tails, in hope of
gaining much-needed funding for the tool
While followers of the NSA leaks stories and everyday privacy
enthusiasts may be well acquainted with encryption tools like PGP, the
best-practice privacy tool =97 the operating system enabling much of the
Snowden leaks reporting =97 is known to few but experts.
On Wednesday, however, three key NSA revelation journalists (Laura
Poitras, Glenn Greenwald and Bart Gellman) spoke publicly about the
importance of Tails =97 a tool that forces privacy best-practices by
default. As Trevor Timm reported, it=92s essentially the sine qua non of
reporting on sensitive stories. However, as Timm notes, the =93vital=94 tool
=93is incredibly underfunded. Tails=92 2013 expense report shows that they
only had an operating budget of around 42,000 euros, which is less than
$60,000.=94 In an effort to garner donations, the journalists spoke out
for the first time at the Freedom of the Press Foundation site about
Tails=92 importance:
    Laura Poitras: =93I=92ve been reluctant to go into details about the
different steps I took to communicate securely with Snowden to avoid
those methods being targeted. Now that Tails gives a green light, I can
say it has been an essential tool for reporting the NSA story. It is an
all-in-one secure digital communication system (GPG email, OTR chat, Tor
web browser, encrypted storage) that is small enough to swallow. I=92m
very thankful to the Tail developers for building this tool.=94
    Glenn Greenwald: =93Tails have been vital to my ability to work
securely on the NSA story. The more I=92ve come to learn about
communications security, the more central Tails has become to my approach.=
    Barton Gellman: =93Privacy and encryption work, but it=92s too easy to
make a mistake that exposes you. Tails puts the essential tools in one
place, with a design that makes it hard to screw them up. I could not
have talked to Edward Snowden without this kind of protection. I wish
I=92d had it years ago.=94
Timm ran down the key aspects of how Tails renders best-practice privacy
communications a default for its users:
    It forces all of your web traffic through the Tor anonymity network,
so you don=92t have to configure any of the settings on any program.
    It allows you to use GPG encryption when you are emailing and/or OTR
encryption while instant messaging, right out of the box.
    It allows journalists to work on sensitive documents, edit audio and
video, and store all their files encrypted.
    Critically, Tails never actually touches your hard drive and
securely wipes everything you=92ve done every time you shut it down
(unless you specifically save it on an encrypted drive). This serves two
important purposes: first, it helps journalists who are operating in
environments or on networks that may already be compromised by
governments or criminals.
Natasha Lennard
Natasha Lennard is an assistant news editor at Salon, covering
non-electoral politics, general news and rabble-rousing. Follow her on
Twitter  email nlennard
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-25 05:57:54
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
You mean, a cheque payment system.  As a matter of monopoly marketing,
banks would like you to believe that only a bank can accept cheques
(checks).  This is really a marketing distinction, and it is not
recognised in all countries all the time.  For example, in Europe there
is a Banking Directive and a Payment Systems Directive.
The point of distinction for banks is deposit taking -- which means
taking your money, placing it into long term assets (mortgages) but
promising it back to you on demand.  A contractual fraud for others,
permitted by the 'charter' for banks.
However, to attract deposits, they offer checks, which they will clear.
 It's just a marketing product.  Many non-banks such as S&Ls or credit
unions will also offer checks, in different countries.
There's no reason why your employer couldn't offer checks against your
salary... except his bank would get upset.
Right.  But the check (cheque) technique is just a way to send an
instruction to the money issuer.  How would you do it in a digital
sense, otherwise?
Deposit insurance is a central banking invention that can be applied to
anyone in the net.  It's not really a hallmark of banking but of central
banking.  As it happens, post-cyprus, every central bank is scurring
around trying to figure out how to drop their insurance.
But, as far as mPesa goes, they put their aggregate float account with a
bank.  That probably doesn't earn deposit insurance via central bank
rules, but likely they have some other form of accomodation.
So, checks.  Tech.  How would you instruct your money issuer to move
money from Alice to Bob?  In Bitcoin?  In some hypothetical 3 party
money system with Alice, Bob and Ivan?
You'd write a check as a digital layout specifying Alice, Bob, the
contract and the amount.  Sign it with your public key.  Send it in a
packet to the issuer.  Who would 'settle' it.
Well, yes.  Pre-blockchain cryptocurrencies, we just called that person
Ivan and wrapped some governance about it.  NS said no, we need to not
have a person, so he wrote a blockchain settlement system, and
eliminated the contract's issuer, and wrote the contract into hard code.
But this shoved the onus onto the dev team.  Which is fine, in some
sense it is just moving the pieces around, the head of engineering at
the the dev team is now the one who can decide to change the formula.
But he can be watched easily, and it turns out that techies are good at
reading code, if not contracts.
Conceptually, one can see who we have to trust, same as before.  In
market results, the difference is radical, and inspiring to a lot.
Your point about recourse is a good one tho, blockchain technologies
don't have much of an answer to that, to their cost.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-24 09:34:48
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
Well, the term 'issue' is generally to imply that one stands behind the
contract, in the sense of 'issuer.'  In this case it is Safaricom that
is the issuer of the unit, and they stand behind their contract (to the
extent they do, never really looked at those aspects).
The fact that the contract is a one-to-one derivative of the KSH doesn't
make it not-an-issue, but rather a derivative issue.  It's still a
separate issue, because or perhaps indicated by the escrow fund they
place with one of the banks.
The question then might arise, who is the issuer of Bitcoin, and what is
the contract?  Well, Bitcoin is like fiat in that there is no contract,
only demand factors.  Who the issuer is, is more like gold; there is
none, although one could claim it was NS and now Bitcoin dev team, who
can adjust the t&c by means of software.  This is an arguable claim
though, mostly specious.
Right, moneygram/WU is a form of transferring bank money.  mPesa however
is a separate issue.  You can transfer mPesa only from phone to phone
(actually, SIM to SIM).  To get bank money you have to convert or redeem
your mPesa.  To get mPesa you have to buy it from one of the many
agents.  Once bought, you can then take it to anywhere and sell it (buy
something) as long as your counterparty has a phone.  You can't do that
with moneygram.
Average Kenyans don't do bank accounts, right.  Last I checked, the
price for a bank account is about the same as for western banks, so no
surprise there, about $5 per month, which is 1.5 days average pay.
Oddly, the banks in Kenya have enjoyed a surge in accounts, essentially
riding the wave that mPesa generated.  They should not complain.
But that suggests why it succeeded in Kenya ... not why it was so hard
to push into other countries.
The reason is the banks.  Once they saw what had happened in Kenya, they
made darn sure it couldn't take off in other countries.
Coming back to Bitcoin, the same resistance will be seen with banks.
Same thing happened with other 'alternative' currencies before they
muscled into becoming mainstream (PayPal, mPesa).  It's a strategy, not
an accident.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-20 14:31:23
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
Take a block.  Calculate the amount of money spent on the mining of that
block, which you can use 25BTC as a proxy for.  Divide that by the
number of transactions in the block.
The result varies.  When BTC was in the 1000 range, it was up to 60 per
transaction.  These days it seemed to be around 30.
Shortly after Ken posted the paper showing this, blockchain.info stopped
showing some of the info, ... oh, but it's back now:
  Cost per Transaction:  $41.68. And a graph:
  The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-15 19:00:39
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
This is not really true, I'd say this is an example of western rich
country bias.
In the western/rich zone, they have courts, police and customs that work
to a fashion.  This is a long standing tradition that dates back
centuries.  So much so that, as a result, the people themselves trade
according to higher principles, which might be summarised as "thou shalt
not steal."  Else, you're nicked, or fear of it.  And we don't believe
it can be any other way.
However, this is not the case in all places or all times, nor is it
especially the case in those places where we assume it.  For example, in
the west, there are plenty of examples in the financial system where the
incumbents are robbing the victims blind, and regulators, police and
courts stand by without lifting a finger.  Cognitive dissonance?
And in the poorer zones or the non-first world, the existence of courts
and police can be a curse.  The system can work differently.  It might
be bakshis all the way to the bank.
So, when the cryptocurrency community looks to facilitate trade on the
Internet, our sometimes adoption of a regulator/police/courts-free
assumption might actually be closer to the reality of more people than
you or I rich western geeks would like.
That is to say, the question is pretty darn relevant, and claiming it is
just a bunch of anarchists who think that way is missing the real picture.
(Leaving aside totally whether the bitcoin answer is worth anything.)
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-06 11:19:45
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
Bitcoin payments are hugely expensive, it's just that the payer doesn't
pay that price.  Instead, it's spread across the buyer's fee and an
inflation tax.  If the system were static, the fees would amount to
maybe $30-60, about the same as banks internationally.  Part of the
problem is that the mining rewards are incentivised upwards, a race to
the most expensive.  When the mining rewards stop there will be
interesting times/effects, because all that hardware has to be paid for
Does that feel somewhat like credit cards, where the buyer doesn't pay
to get the free month's credit?
Irreversible transactions are charge a 100% fee when you make a mistake.
 What is your percentage error rate, and what support is there in the
system to help that?
The debate goes back and forth on reversing transactions.  Cash works
fine and has no forcable reversion.  Mobile money tends to have it;
digital cash tends not to have it.
What my answer would be is that there has to be something to deal with
the dispute.  With e.g., e-gold, there wasn't anything realistic ("we
take court orders..."), and it didn't survive in part because of
specific complaints.  In contrast WebMoney had a very sophisticated
internal dispute system and it did survive.
In USA about 40 years ago that was true.  It's still true in many parts
of the world.  In some places they use cash or mobile money ...
Amen to that!
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-04 22:21:06
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
Depending on ones interpretation of that document, it is the states that
have that power, not the Federal.  But we might segue into another civil
war here...
Maybe that's what you mean by 'ahistorical' :)  Anyway, recent forms of
non-government issued money exist in Ithaca, Las Vegas, e-gold, Liberty
Dollars, those canadian tyre coupons, the tokens at the shops that sell
iTunes records, air miles, these are just from memory.
Right, the 'free banking period'.  There is more recent research that
debunks the notion that this was unstable, there is a fair correlation
between the free banks that failed and those that were required to hold
state bonds which brought them down.
Right, that's what I meant.  Most people assume the government issues money.
Full agreement.  If you give people a working money product, they're
fine with it, generally.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-04 11:20:51
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
If there is one thing that SSL got right (and I'm pointing here to
success comment above) it was that it was a simple upgrade to the TCP
concept/interface.  There was nothing *directly new* to grasp.  All the
implications were submerged.
Cash issued by anyone except the government is beyond most people's
minds, but it works and exists, it has existed for a long time, and you
don't have to go far to find it.
The point I think that you're missing here is that people accept that
which works.  In Kenya they have a thing called mPesa which is mobile
money on the phone.  It works.  It is issued by a telco.  Nobody there
really questions it (except the banks) ... because it works.
If there is any mystification, it surrounds why Kenya has it and few
other countries seem to.  But that doesn't matter, not to them.
I'm hoping it is the other way around, crypto-technologists are slowly
starting to understand that this "user" thing means more than just
scrambling and unscrambling data...
There's some sort of twitter competition on the top 5 retailers they
want for Bitcoin.  They've already lost;  retail is by far the worst
idea and sector for a digital money.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-04 11:11:07
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
[snip, not with disagreement]
I just spent a lunchtime hearing about the new LEIs or legal entity
identifiers that are being standardised.  They are nationally based, you
have to apply and maintain a sort of D&B History, and you can then mark
your documents with new LEIs which allow anyone to look up the pedigree.
In contrast, in my work, we just hash the document.  The document has to
establish its own pedigree.  If you haven't got the document, why not?
Once you've got the document, you can know that the tx relates to it.
OK, it takes a bit of thought to wrap ones head around the idea of
anti-permissive crypto-computer-science.  But once you do, the effect is
liberating.  Meanwhile, the fintech industry is embarking on yet another
global push to build a standard which will consume thousands of
man-years to just interface.
So what do we do?  I say, let them go ahead.  Do the TCP/IP thing, and
build a better system for us, those who want to work with better
systems.  Let them do their ISO7 thing.
People who are trying to push Bitcoin into banks, etc may just be
wasting everyone's time.
I'd say the major thing holding it back is the huge costs they have
imposed on themselves in order to create a legacy industry that knocks
out new entrants.
Right, it is all in your compromises.  Bitcoin disposed of Eve as a
threat model in order to deal with Sybil and Trent.  Maybe there's a
sort of ZT here in that any one system can deal with only two of Eve,
Sybil and Trent, pick your poisonous bedfellow.
My work specifically deals with having Trent as the compromise.  Seen
from the Bitcoin perspective, issuances in my world are 'limited'
because they are intermediated ('accounted') through a server.  As a
partial nod, the number of issuances is unlimited, so the number of
servers are unlimited.  This is decidedly unwasteful.
Now, there is another hidden assumption which I must surface:  there is
an issuer.  In Bitcoin, there is no 'issuer' of record, nobody who
stands behind a contract.  This means that all Bitcoin value (and
copies) is limited to supply & demand games;  this is the "copy the gold
idea" trick.  It was pulled off once or thrice, but it isn't a trick you
can copy more than a few times.
For most of finance, we want actual people and actual promises standing
behind the issue.  Sure, for cash, we might not (or we can handwave
around gold or fiat or BTC).  But for anything else, it has a semantic
component that must be documented, a contract.  And a reputation.
So, once you've got the reputation, you've also got the Trent.  It might
be that you can handwave around the accounting, but if I capture your
Trent then your contract is unmeetable, barring a rewrite of millenia of
(How to take BTC and the Trent-free context and turn that into
waste-free zone is a topic of much discussion.  I think I know how to do
it, but need to be sure.  This is alchemy, the experiments can blow up.)
Right, in my context, I use overlapping cells as well.  Note also that
once you have a cell, the possibility of local Trents is more plausible.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-02 17:10:14
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
Having been in the biz for a while, I feel your pain.  It is
counter-intuitive.  I've always thought that the job of financial
cryptographers was to steer clear of carnival tricks.
Why did it work?  How did it work?  (Take it from me -- it succeeded,
and it is probably unstoppable at this stage.)
1.  The success of Bitcoin is based in part on the bounty that was
delivered to everyone, weighted to early adopters.  Quite what to make
of this is something harder to say;  detractors call it a ponzi scheme
and proponents call it fair rewards.
It is worth noting that Paypal did something similar.  When it took on
its first investment, it gave out $10 to each account opened.  I know
someone who tried to open a thousand accounts... later on the bounty
dropped down to $5 per new account.
2.  We can definitely achieve the same *tech result* without the waste.
 I've been doing it all along, and so have a few others here (James for
one).  But again, notice how the waste was cunningly turned into rewards
that are paid by new adoptors (see 1).  This is a neat trick.  I always
valued clear and honest transactions;  I never would have credited the
mining rewards and bubble mechanics as a credible proposal;  but the
market speaks.  FWIW, new designs are tending towards "proof of stake"
because there is begrudging recognition of the waste, but only Ripple
has really reduced it down to the levels that we technologists would say
are reasonable.
3.  The marketplace of early adoptors is a suspicious lot;  they want to
be able to do things completely at their own discretion.  Bitcoin
appeals to them, they think others can't control them.  The same
anti-control aspect appealed to the blinded crowd in the 1990s.
4.  Also the marketplace of early adopters wants geewhizbangfireworks.
Back in the good old days, that was the blinding formula.  So crypto, so
sexy, so little undersood!!  Many thousands flocked to its call, but
few, maybe a handful? a dozen? understood that beneath the light and
fireworks, blinding delivered only a vague handwave of untraceability.
It didn't matter, the promise was everything.
We've seen this 'marketing-stretch' in other aspects of successful
crypto systems as well.  Same today with the magic blockchain and PoW.
Now compare your 32 notaries design.  Where's the light?  The bang?
Compared to smartcontracts, blockchains, p2p, silk road .. you've got
These generalisms are repeated in the copy-cat issues that followed
after Bitcoin.  Each repeats most of the above factors in some sense or
other.  Success does not go to the best technical solution, it goes to
the best marketing solution.
For that, we have a problem;  how many of us understand marketing?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-07-22 10:12:13
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
This is both true and false, in measures :)
There are *some people* who want this, and there are *many people* who
don't.  Those who've spent time analysing the market (aka marketing)
will know that the former is the minority and the latter is the
majority.  This is a well-studied feature of most markets, it's the core
of the concept of 'early adopters'.
The situation is that Bitcoin finds itself in the market of early
adopters, those who rebel and try new stuff.  The big question is how to
cross from the early adopters to mainstream.  And deal with the
time-honoured truth that the mainstream do not give more than
titillating lip service to the notion of freedom from central control.
Which is something that marketeers and early adopters alike often
mistake for confirmation of beliefs.
It's not personal.  It's just People, it is repetitive.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-07-17 09:42:37
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
Yep, I'd say so.  Bitcoin has broken the drought of respectability for
these efforts, and VC money is pouring in.
But, if any VCs are reading today, do the opposite of what crinkle did.
 And google:
A problem with financial cryptography is that it is too easy to make a
huge belief play.  And belief plays lead to disaster.  Huge cap can make
huge plays on huge beliefs, and nobody can tell them otherwise.  In this
case, even a NYT journo can spot the mistake google made.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-07-27 11:23:02
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] hard to trust all those root CAs 
Ah.  So if you publish you are in breach of your contract (your
problem), if stop publishing you are in breach of the law.  Got it.
And in general, contempt of court, because you deliberately put yourself
in a situation to break the law.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-07-25 09:29:02
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] hard to trust all those root CAs 
What's the charge here?  Making a false statement?  Failing to
cooperate?  Taking down an untruth?
What's the prosecutor asking the court to order the defendent to do?
Lie for the government?  Stop interfering with an investigation that
didn't exist?
The court will have a hard time of finding a charge of lying on behalf
of the prosecutor, or of ordering the defendent to participate in an
active deception.  Truth is the meat & drink of the court, when the
court plays games with the truth, the court impeaches itself.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-07-23 14:24:03
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] hard to trust all those root CAs 
This is the sort of argumentation that was used in the mid 1990s :)
Basically:  the threat exists, therefore we must defend against it.
The problem with this approach is that it ignores costs.  If it costs
something to defend against it, and that cost is in the aggregate
greater than the value saved, then this is not a good use of our money.
 We should accept the risk, and pay the cost when it happens.
Back in the 2000s when phishing was debated-not-fought, Pinning was
basically rejected by Browser Vendors, in line with everything else.
It's got a new lease of life because 'one of their own' was hit by
phishing, and is now experimenting with solutions.
My point is, the solution is whatever the 4 majors want to do here.  It
isn't anything to do with security, it's more to do with getting the
gang of 4 to move together and find a lowest common denominator.
By definition, no "perfect" solution is possible because there is no
"perfect" definition of security.  The best we've come up with is a menu
of risks, and you get to choose which ones you pay to slow/stop, and
which you can live with.  Like the insurance game or options trade, it
isn't wise to over-insure.
Unfortunately, much security thinking was bedevilled by the fake
universe approach:  Construct a perfect security model, construct your
threat model to be beaten by your security model, and market the threats
An interesting question is why we should think like this...  but I digress.
It's worth being a little bit more scientific about this whole threat
thing [0].
Before 2003, there wasn't much of a threat, just isolated incidents, and
we could have ignored it ('accepted the risk').  If 2003 means anything,
up until that point HTTPS was indistinguishable from a placebo.
In 2003, phishing started up against HTTPS, but it was ignorable because
it was outside the envelope.  The users carried the costs, no response
In 2011, things warmed up.
My answer:  17 years was spent defending against a threat that didn't
exist or could be ignored.  When it finally turned up, the machinery for
dealing with the threats was so sclerotic that it couldn't respond any more.
(In military affairs this is called the Maginot Line syndrome.)
[0] The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-08-17 12:01:25
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Question About Best Practices for Personal File Encryption 
Right.  As I understand it, the standard way that this is done is to
create a special features group in another closely-allied country.  That
group secures permission from HQ to do some rework for their "special
national needs."
That group then inserts in the backdoor, then ships the entire patch off
to HQ.  Unless the center is reviewing for obfuscated tricks from a
trusted partner, the backdoor slides in, and nobody knows it is there.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-08-04 10:31:39
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] You can't trust any of your hardware 
In CAcert we used the USB memory sticks for sneaker-packets in
key-signing ceremonys, and for later escrow.  We use 2 for each.  They
are to be purchased at a random retail street store on the day.  Those
not escrowed are destroyed afterwards.
We might need to rethink the approach, perhaps with open source designs?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-17 09:00:36
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
Curious.  Reddit is read by geeks, I guess, whereas most of the twitter response I saw was less directed.  OK, that's speculative.
Well, the approach is more to retrofit the key ones.  TCP is in play, there is a group called TCPInc which is looking at a few ways to make it opportunistic.  There is already a protocol fielded for that called TCPcrypt, which has some serious lab testing.
The approach is opportunistic.  Eg., for TCP, do a key exchange startup using the optional extensions capability.  If that works, use it for packets, if it doesn't, back off to unencrypted.
Then, as a bonus, the key exchange result is made available to wider protocols through some undefined socket mechanism.  Applications are then capable of using the kex to do wider authentication.  Also, there is scope for saving the key and using it a new startup.  But these things are more for later phases.
Gawd no, I hope not.  They're a committee, they're not competent to do new work that the rest of us have failed to do.
Let's call it beyond purview, but I'd rather say it is missing the point.  The goal is unauthenticated encryption, first and foremost.
Wot?  I encrypt all the time without dealing with legal issues.  No idea what this means for a protocol, what are you going to do, arrest a packet and read it it's rights?
Nah.  You are thinking 1990s full security models, tracing back to military aggressive threat models.  This is not what this is about.
This is opportunistic security, where the attacker is moved from pervasive surveillance passivity to an active decision making.  He must attack!  He must knock down the protocol if he wants to eavesdrop.  No more free lunches, no more rolling over and playing doggy.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-15 16:40:36
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
For what it is worth, I twittered the below statement last night, and it got 2 orders of magnitude more response than anything I've ever said.  I conclude that the IAB's statement has struck a public nerve; there is clear approval in the public's mind.
ps; I submit that this is a sensible top-post ;)
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-12-08 15:48:21
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Toxic Combination 
Ah, I had hoped to choose my words carefully, but maybe not.
CABForum may not be a secret cartel *now* but they certainly started as one, and did the important work as one.  And, they prepared the two key documents in total secrecy, away from the public eye, then sprung them on a naive public.
E.g., Baseline Requirements was 2 years in the making, and not a word was breathed about that document in the Mozilla forums before it was complete.  Mozilla itself was working on the document in secret, while talking the open talk on the open mailing list.  It was a complete coup, a pillaging of the Mozilla manifesto by insiders.
After Baseline Requirement was rammed through a false public comment period using Mozilla's "open" list (yes I was there, it was rammed) CABForum started to open up.  Certain large users such as Paypal had publically expressed serious reservations about being part of a secret cartel by then, and the taint of truth was hard to shake.
But by then the damage was done -- the key documents were set in contract and the end-user was totally screwed.
As to whether they are fully open now, I don't know, but I personally doubt.  We'd have to check the voting structure and see if you and I and everyone with users' interest in mind can for example join and get a vote, enough to outweigh the power of the vendors or the CAs.  I'd bet dollars to dust that they've structured it such that the CAs maintain power, we can't for example overturn BR and put in some user-aligned ObCrypto:  just another page in the history of why secure browsing ended up where it is.  Crypto is less a dual-purpose munition, more a multi-bladed swiss army knife that'll make a mess of clumsy fingers.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-12-07 18:16:30
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Toxic Combination 
As you yourself show below, asking for references is a setup for a As I'm sure you know, things like certificate pinning were trialled and tested seriously in the mid 2000s as phishing turned up.  Browsers successfully ignored those efforts.  I don't recall whether that excuse was used, but I'd not be surprised, they were on a mission to block all outside influence.
This is all pre-chrome times so perhaps google can look to avoid the mistakes of Mozilla and Microsoft.  But as I'm also sure you found out, it wasn't that easy, the power of standards and compliance is immense.
No, no, let me put words into Peter's mouth ;)
The reason the vendors won't act for user security is twofold.  Firstly, the vendors are doing what they are told by the standards bodies and the upstream vendors.  The browsers don't really have security / architectural capability because they just follow the standards [0]. The vendors have outsourced the security equation, so they are totally going to ignore any input from any alternate source, peter paper or proven, up to and including evidence that they are part of a perpetual and profitable criminal enterprise.
You might (should) ask why.  There is at least one reason why Mozilla and Microsoft refused to enter into the strategic architectural security game:  liability.  If they recognised that there was a security weakness, and they sought to do something about it, they could become theoretically liable for phishing losses from their users.  Given the state of American legal behaviour, they did the obvious thing, and denied their liability for all security losses [1] and therefore sat on their "we follow standards" principles aka "best practices" lie aka get out of jail card.
(The exception to the above dynamic might be google which has been caught on both sides of the fence - as browser vendor and as online merchant.  It has therefore been incentivised by being liable for more parts of the equation to somewhat rock the status quo.  By thinking of alternates, and trying to push them through [2].)
Then, secondly, when there is a new standard, the vendors wait until others have done it.  As nobody wants to leap off without a guarantee of the others doing it too, the natural state is that nothing happens.  As per Peter's suggestion.  This is by way of a natural cartel, and yes, there is such a thing, and it can be deliberately constructed, and it can be manipulated.
Yes, but you confuse the causality and/or intent.  It is a fact that the vendors entered into a cartel called CABForum that prepared its do-nothing set of standards in secret.  But, entry into a cartel only worked because the vendors had a total absence of security capability at the architectural level, as above, which is the underlying causality. The vendors did not themselves think they were trying "to keep the CAs in business" but of course the CAs didn't care what was thought, only what was achieved.
The mission of browsers is pretty much that.  They don't do new security designs.  The do what standards and cartels tell them to do, and try to preserve the web in the process.
Sucks to be a user.
[0] in Mozilla's case, this is written into their manifesto and their bloodstream.  Observance of standards is an inviolable part of their genetic makeup, and I doubt they even understand where it comes from (the browser wars, as it happens).
[1] for fascinating circumstantial evidence of this, look to BR 18.2 from memory.
[2]   FWIW, YMMV, that's just my theory.  Google like all vendors famously never says anything of any substantial fact basis so they are unable to correct that theory if it were to be erroneous.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-03 16:41:02
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] New Encryption Standard of the Russian Federation GOST Grasshopper 
I'm assuming you mean the last part:  How can their voice be heard?
Well, about 6m back I took a straw poll on the question of one or many algorithms and posted it somewhere.  What it showed (I claim) is that there is about a 50:50 split between the maximalists and the minimalists.  Which contrasted to an alleged "consensus" in IETF that there should be many algorithms.
Another way is for people to reach out.  Easy to poo-poo and dismiss because IETF WGs have open lists.  But there is a fair percentage of people who decline to participate for other reasons.  An open list might not be enough.  Perhaps a survey to ask them?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-02 18:39:46
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] New Encryption Standard of the Russian Federation GOST Grasshopper 
*Interesting* and it would be very interesting to hear what the real cryptographers think of the Russian cryptographer's invention!  Good work!
Germane also to current applied cryptography debates.
Let me set the scene.  Over in IETF they run a WG that is responsible for a little thing called SSL, now in its TLS 1.3 guise.  This protocol is markedly successful in the marketplace.
It has however some agreed drawbacks, one of which is its 350 or so (opinions differ) suites or combos for ciphers.  Some people defend that, others say it is too many but choice is important.
In opposition, there are the crazy radicals who call for the one true cipher suite.  One is good enough for all uses, assuming certain things.
One -- just one -- of the arguments defending the 350 suite smorgasbord approach is that *national governments mandate ciphers* which then have to be used in protocols.  That is, SSL must support GOST else SSL is in effect banned for the Russian public sector.  Approximately, in short.
I call foul.  I do not believe that we as an Internet promote the legislative or standardised suites of any nation.  Or should do.
One argument here is that if NIST/NSA were to mandate some algorithm for any communications, we'd not bow down to them.  Only if it is voluntary would we accept their suggestion, and only because of historical circumstances (a fair and open competition) did the net voluntarily swing to AES.
A second argument here is the futility of supporting N suites where N is the number of government mandates.  Nobody cares what the French say. Nor what the North Koreans say.  Why care what the FSB says?
What do people say?  Should GOST be supported in SSL?  Is there any merit in the "national government mandates" argument?
ps; this argument as to the number of cipher suites bounces in and out of the IETF lists from time to time.  But I'd also like to stress that there are people who know stuff that do not participate there.  Their voice can and should be heard.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-07 08:06:50
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: [Cryptography] open hardware as a defence against state-level attacks 
As much discussed here, it may be that open designs to defend against =
state level attacks are moving down the deployment stack into the =
hardware level:
  RT: The NSA has been trying to go after Tor users for a while now, but =
seemingly with little success. Do you think enough has been done to =
ensure this project will be NSA surveillance proof?
TL: The Tor network stands secure to the best of our knowledge, but we =
have taken the opportunity to armor the protocol further since this new =
application obviously will become a high priority target for =
intelligence agencies. In addition to the encryption Tor uses peers on =
the Slur network will have another layer of encryption based on a =
different line of mathematics. We=92ve also built an open-source processor =
with security features designed to protect both the Tor relay and slow =
market applications. This is achieved by separating those processes from =
the host operating system with hardware-anchored cryptographic =
isolation. The system on chip is based on an OpenSPARC T1 by Sun =
Microsystems with substantial enhancements to the hypervisor and two =
cryptographic co-processors. That will be released in about a month and =
the designs for the development board and the logic of the system on =
chip will be of course open source.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-29 22:58:09
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
There's no smoking gun.  The business about pre-google funding was ho-hum.  All funding is tied, I'm even happy that this funding looks like it did some good, whereas most funding is so damned skewed and corrupted, it does harm.  Yes, GF I'm talking to you.
What is significant in the article is enough linkage to see the revolving doors -- jobs -- going on between these organisations.  It wasn't clear to me just how many people were in common across these orgs, and that only happens when they're all part of the same tribe; same agenda, same team, same interests.
What it paints is a picture that google and others like it (recall that list of 8 or 9 big names in the original Snowden slide, many of them mentioned) are as much a part of the team as not.  What to make of that .. depends.
I'd say that point is starting to shift.  Pre-Snowden, people believed that google defended their users' privacy, and google was given significant respect in just stating it.  Post-Snowden, I suspect they are going to have to prove every point they want to claim.
They aren't handing data to NSA?  Show us, how?  The executive doesn't take their agenda from 'Highlands Forum' ?  Show us, that you don't. The pipes between data centers are encrypted by keys that aren't being leaked -- where's the evidence?  Your CSO doesn't have a phone in his shoe?  Let's see!
This question is bigger than this group.  Nobody pays a blind bit of attention to this group, so it matters not what is said here.  But, elsewhere, the hallowed name of google and its "don't be evil" mantra has somewhat morphed over time, bit by bit.  The ordinary people are starting to be negative.  Now it's more like "trust but verify" perhaps.
What's that worth?  IDK.  Cash cow economics are a fearful thing, ask any new-normal-insolvent-bank.  Ask Skype, who still are an unparalleled milking machine, even after the clear and undeniable evidence that they breached their commitment to users privacy by shipping it all across to the NSA.
If one is a shareholder of google, this is a remote possibility, not scary at all.
On the other hand, if USA companies depend on foreign sales, this could get a bit nasty.  Has anyone been tracking the blockback from international sales post-Snowden?  Hopefully with more depth than "industry associations" lobbyists or journos...
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-02 22:32:50
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
Thanks for bringing us back on track.
Our minds tend to turn the original dramatic claims into what we want to and can defend against.  Says something, right?
The original article was not about google doing bad security work.  We all know google employs all the best and brightest on the planet, it's technical security work is presumably second to none.
Rather, the original article was about its executive levels being too cozy with the 'Highlands Forum' for want of a better name.
In my experience, the favoured attack of the agencies is not to attack the corporation's data systems, but to place people inside the org.  I say this from 1st hand:  I was taught what the approach would look like, we already had track record in the approach, we developed the systems to mitigate the threat, and I personally had to deal with an approach, which was later confirmed by an independent source.
Circumstantially, that matches what the article is trying to say, but lacking the sort of deep paranoid (!) spy understanding of how these things work, the article is easy to dismiss.  And, as clearly, if your mind is a tech-hammer, you'll relish banging cryptographic nails in to any problem.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-01 23:31:34
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
Sadly, these are really good tactics.  They're almost costless, they really hit hard against the auditing public, and they're almost blameless.
I'd love to see evidence of the program, and I don't doubt it exists, it's just too good to pass up on.  We know for example that the USAF was running around stoking up the UFO people so as to give cover for the experimental plane flights.  There is no doubt that the spies are running around stoking up the cypherpunkian elements to provide cover for what they are really doing.  Read a hundred classic spy stories, etc.
Even if we see the evidence, the masses still won't believe it.  But, speaking for myself, knowing that there was compelling verified evidence of actual skulduggery was something that kept me sane.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-01 23:31:34
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
Sadly, these are really good tactics.  They're almost costless, they really hit hard against the auditing public, and they're almost blameless.
I'd love to see evidence of the program, and I don't doubt it exists, it's just too good to pass up on.  We know for example that the USAF was running around stoking up the UFO people so as to give cover for the experimental plane flights.  There is no doubt that the spies are running around stoking up the cypherpunkian elements to provide cover for what they are really doing.  Read a hundred classic spy stories, etc.
Even if we see the evidence, the masses still won't believe it.  But, speaking for myself, knowing that there was compelling verified evidence of actual skulduggery was something that kept me sane.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-18 11:58:48
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware Program, NSA Implicated 
Snowden had a pretty broad view as to what was going on.  From all the stuff they are doing, how they are acting, you can draw inferences back to what worries them, what doesn't worry them and so forth.
This is what intel is all about:  collect all that you know and stare at it until you see the patterns.  The fact that is very strong here is that the NSA is spending huge amounts on cracking into machines.  Would they do that if they could crack the crypto?  Likely, less.  The NSA is no longer a *passive signals* agency, it is now more an *active digital command and control* agency.
Right, we don't know which parts they can break and which not.  But we do know where they spend their energies.  Which indicates whatever they can do to break any of the crypto, it isn't enough.
They care some - they are using RC6 in places instead of RC4.  What this indicates to me is that they have respect for the outside crypto.  Which as a minimum means that they don't think the Russians or Chinese can break it.
What however is strange is that they used entirely American product. That's a finger pointing right back at the NSA.  Why not mix it in with some GOST?  Blake?  Ripem-D?  What's the thing they have going with Ron?   Is he a poster-boy for the root kit builders?
No, I see this a concerted campaign that was begin by the FBI and then spread to two other countries that I saw -- UK and DE just recently, which means it is being spread through the intel agencies.  This is a response to the American companies being embarrassed and showing a little spine - they need their backdoors in there.  So either they encourage bad software engineering or they get the companies on board to backdoor them.  Or?
I agree the NSA doesn't share this stuff with the FBI.  But they do use the FBI as the proxy for this in political lobbying.  This is the same thing that was happening with Loiuse Freeh in the 1990s.  The FBI doesn't care about crypto, they are on record as saying they came across one serious case where crypto *might* have impacted the result but did not.  In how many decades?
(Naive of me -- I actually grew up thinking it was illegal for government agencies in western democracies and *especially the military and intel* to get involved in politics.)
Right.  One new fact can shift the pattern dramatically.  One deception plan by the enemy can lead us down the garden path for years.  Different analysts can draw opposing conclusions from the same 'facts' and flip This is how intel is.
Oh, sorry, I didn't finish that, got confused and sent the post without The insider theft has always been a huge difficulty.  But the NSA is more a victim of changing circumstances than any huge laxness.  A scratch list:
  * They haven't had a major spy case in years.
  * Statistically they have to have a number of insider cases and afaics it is about 10 over the last decade or so, drawing widely to other agencies.
  * The 911 switch caused massive opening up across all intel agencies.
  * Which meant that if you trust the FBI with stuff, you are going to worry less your sysadms who are security cleared very heavily.
  * Also the 911 switch caused a massive switch away from the normal NSA doctrine of ignoring americania to total information awareness.  This latter being the thing that offended Snowden.
  * the Bush / Obama administration debased the patriotism coin to worthless, something that is not easy to see in the center.
  * A massive upgrade in cyber warrior caused attention and resources to switch away from existing long term and non-cyber-warrior insiders to the incoming flood of people.
If they hadn't been 'lax' they couldn't have coped with the above. Snowden was bullet they had to take to get where they are going.  They can't go very open, very broad and also illegal at the same time without offending some statistical number of insiders who don't buy the patriotism rhetoric.
Right, I mean, count the entire US military-industrial machine, so DoD and contractors as well.  I recall a couple of years ago talking to a major contractor in AU and the indication was lots of slots in new cyber division, and any other slots opening were due to people being transferred into this new growing carbuncle.
Yep.  I can imagine the Seals being told "the reason you are going in today is because someone somewhere past stole some digital data...  So time to pay it forward, guys: *bring back the data*.  More important than the body."
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-17 16:46:44
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware Program, NSA Implicated 
Snowden saying "encryption works."  EquationGroup use of RC4-6, AES, SHAs.  FBI complaining about going dark, we need backdoors - they only ever complain at that level as proxy for NSA, and same complaint is repeated in rapid succession in UK, DE.  Practically all the exploits so far disclosed are about hacking the software, hardware, nothing we've seen comes even close to hacking the ciphers.  Some of the interventions are about hacking the RNGs - which typically take the cryptanalysis to places where we can hack it.  Off-the-record comments I've heard. Analysis of released systems such as Skipjack.
It's all circumstantial.
There is the story about differential cryptanalysis - they released the first 4 volumes, but still haven't mentioned the other 4 ;-)
At one level, this all comes down to your model of science.  Typically we in the science world like to "know" stuff based on evidence from experiments, or similar facts that have been built up over time.  We are very careful to not let our imagination run away with us.
But this doesn't work with the spy business.  They will never let us run the experiment, they will not let us read the literature, and if we ever find enough to put 2+2 together, they'll run a deception campaign to break that logic.  Or lie.  Or they will remind us that "you don't know" or all of the above.
So we have to develop a better approach.  We can probably benefit from thinking of the question as a murder investigation - clues, hypotheses, correlations, etc.  We can't take it to a court of law -- they deny us that as well -- but we can form a view as to whodunnit.
Many won't accept that view, of course.  To them I say, you're dancing to their tune.
Right.  I'm surprised Android sells any phones in USA market.  Although I understand that it is the only way to compete with Apple, it is also the weaker position.  Which comes out in a price insensitive market. OTOH, I'm surprised to see an iPhone in Africa ;)
Maintenance of protocols is really hard, really expensive.  I know, I manage a 100kloc code base with several hard crypto protocols in it, and I'm drowning, perpetually.  Whatever we can do to get that into the open source world, the better.
Yes.  That is the huge mystery.  It's pretty clear the NSA is doing the non-NSA mission huge damage.  Yet no movement on the priorities, just blather about 'sharing' from Obama.  That's a mystery.
Right.  I think that we know, even though they won't release much evidence of it ;)
No, I think that is unfair.
I absolutely agree.  In the day, I also learnt about CIA, and so forth.   Only as time went on did I start digging into the reasons as to why famous systems weren't doing what we had hoped they did, and find that the original threat and security modelling wasn't good, was 'borrowerd' without thought.
 z
ations".  (The military has had to back-port some of these innovations as it, too, has become more knowledge/expertise based.)
Good story!
Yeah.  And their vested interest, following that priority, is to make things better for the offense side.  Which means dodgy software, dodgy security... for everyone including them.  Go figure.
Exactly.  Forget the crypto, look at the security systems.  They are experts at this and they pay huge numbers of people to be expert at this.
What's the guess -- how many cyber warriors are there in employment in USA today?  100,000 ?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-17 16:46:44
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware Program, NSA Implicated 
Snowden saying "encryption works."  EquationGroup use of RC4-6, AES, SHAs.  FBI complaining about going dark, we need backdoors - they only ever complain at that level as proxy for NSA, and same complaint is repeated in rapid succession in UK, DE.  Practically all the exploits so far disclosed are about hacking the software, hardware, nothing we've seen comes even close to hacking the ciphers.  Some of the interventions are about hacking the RNGs - which typically take the cryptanalysis to places where we can hack it.  Off-the-record comments I've heard. Analysis of released systems such as Skipjack.
It's all circumstantial.
There is the story about differential cryptanalysis - they released the first 4 volumes, but still haven't mentioned the other 4 ;-)
At one level, this all comes down to your model of science.  Typically we in the science world like to "know" stuff based on evidence from experiments, or similar facts that have been built up over time.  We are very careful to not let our imagination run away with us.
But this doesn't work with the spy business.  They will never let us run the experiment, they will not let us read the literature, and if we ever find enough to put 2+2 together, they'll run a deception campaign to break that logic.  Or lie.  Or they will remind us that "you don't know" or all of the above.
So we have to develop a better approach.  We can probably benefit from thinking of the question as a murder investigation - clues, hypotheses, correlations, etc.  We can't take it to a court of law -- they deny us that as well -- but we can form a view as to whodunnit.
Many won't accept that view, of course.  To them I say, you're dancing to their tune.
Right.  I'm surprised Android sells any phones in USA market.  Although I understand that it is the only way to compete with Apple, it is also the weaker position.  Which comes out in a price insensitive market. OTOH, I'm surprised to see an iPhone in Africa ;)
Maintenance of protocols is really hard, really expensive.  I know, I manage a 100kloc code base with several hard crypto protocols in it, and I'm drowning, perpetually.  Whatever we can do to get that into the open source world, the better.
Yes.  That is the huge mystery.  It's pretty clear the NSA is doing the non-NSA mission huge damage.  Yet no movement on the priorities, just blather about 'sharing' from Obama.  That's a mystery.
Right.  I think that we know, even though they won't release much evidence of it ;)
No, I think that is unfair.
I absolutely agree.  In the day, I also learnt about CIA, and so forth.   Only as time went on did I start digging into the reasons as to why famous systems weren't doing what we had hoped they did, and find that the original threat and security modelling wasn't good, was 'borrowerd' without thought.
 z
ations".  (The military has had to back-port some of these innovations as it, too, has become more knowledge/expertise based.)
Good story!
Yeah.  And their vested interest, following that priority, is to make things better for the offense side.  Which means dodgy software, dodgy security... for everyone including them.  Go figure.
Exactly.  Forget the crypto, look at the security systems.  They are experts at this and they pay huge numbers of people to be expert at this.
What's the guess -- how many cyber warriors are there in employment in USA today?  100,000 ?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-17 11:35:36
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware Program, NSA Implicated 
Back in late 2000s, there was a surge in interest in APTs and the =
industrial-military contractors went on a shopping spree looking for =
cyber-warriors.  At the time I discounted it as yet another hype thing, =
but it seems that it happened, and we're now in a cyber-arms race.
I'd rather say it this way:  we have circumstantial evidence that we are =
at about the same level for all practical purposes and intents.  As far =
as we are concerned.
There's a bit of a difference.  I'd say they are still way ahead in =
cryptanalysis, but not in ways that seriously damage AES, KECCAK, etc.
In contrast, I'd say we are somewhat ahead in protocol work.  That is, =
the push for eg CAESAR, QUIC, sponge construction, is coming from open =
community not from them.  In the 1990s we infamously blundered by =
copying their threat model;  now no longer, we have enough of our own =
knowledge and deep institutional experience to be able to say that's =
garbage, our customers are different.  And our needs are pushing the =
envelope out in ways they can't possibly keep up with.
Although, I could be wrong here - Equation team reports from Kaskersky =
didn't say much about the protocols they were using to exfiltrate, just =
that they had a fetish for Ron's ciphers.
In sum, I'd say they are ahead in the pure math, but you'd be hard =
pressed to find an area where it mattered.
E.g., as Peter & Adi and I are infamously on record for saying [0], the =
crypto isn't what is being attacked here.  It's the software engineering =
and the crappy security systems.
[0] The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-17 11:35:36
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware Program, NSA Implicated 
Back in late 2000s, there was a surge in interest in APTs and the =
industrial-military contractors went on a shopping spree looking for =
cyber-warriors.  At the time I discounted it as yet another hype thing, =
but it seems that it happened, and we're now in a cyber-arms race.
I'd rather say it this way:  we have circumstantial evidence that we are =
at about the same level for all practical purposes and intents.  As far =
as we are concerned.
There's a bit of a difference.  I'd say they are still way ahead in =
cryptanalysis, but not in ways that seriously damage AES, KECCAK, etc.
In contrast, I'd say we are somewhat ahead in protocol work.  That is, =
the push for eg CAESAR, QUIC, sponge construction, is coming from open =
community not from them.  In the 1990s we infamously blundered by =
copying their threat model;  now no longer, we have enough of our own =
knowledge and deep institutional experience to be able to say that's =
garbage, our customers are different.  And our needs are pushing the =
envelope out in ways they can't possibly keep up with.
Although, I could be wrong here - Equation team reports from Kaskersky =
didn't say much about the protocols they were using to exfiltrate, just =
that they had a fetish for Ron's ciphers.
In sum, I'd say they are ahead in the pure math, but you'd be hard =
pressed to find an area where it mattered.
E.g., as Peter & Adi and I are infamously on record for saying [0], the =
crypto isn't what is being attacked here.  It's the software engineering =
and the crappy security systems.
[0] cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-17 11:24:08
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware Program, NSA Implicated 
I agree they could do likely it, but I suspect they are constrained by the same economics as us.  How likely is it that their big malware packages are going to be useful in the case of a secret foreign piece of Their suite cost lots of programmers over a lot of time.  We're counting it in man-years.  They have to leverage that cost across a lot of victims unless we're talking about a Manhattan style attack victim.
In contrast their victim is likely moving around across a bunch of standard hardware.  Changing laptops, upgrading to newest hardware, etc.   As it is the sysadm community at relatively high-tech outfits, they're probably seeing rollover at 1 year, which means they likely have to hit all the big disk drive players, and hope nobody goes for arcane stuff.
One question of detail -- are drives bus-masters on modern systems? What does this drive do once it is pwned?  It would seem that just seeing all the data come in isn't enough, it needs to be able to start doing things actively.  If only to bypass the effects of FDE.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-03-10 19:13:08
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Crypto Vulns 
I would have said that the  vulnerability is failing to deliver anything that the user sees.  Because of over-engineering, over-committeeing or over-consulting (h/t to PHB's rework process).
And the  vulnerability is delivering something to the user that she walks away from.  OK, that aligns somewhat in your No 1 above...
Also known as K6.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-03-26 12:29:48
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] "Most Americans Don't Mind Being on Candid Camera" 
Correct.  And what you might be missing here is that your brain and mine and everyone else's on this list is soon going to be replaced by a set of brains with different perspectives on the whole mess:  *youth*.
Spend some time with kids.  Teenagers.  The way they use technology is radically different to what we expect.  Their expectations are in some cases stunningly different and they literally break our assumptions and therefore *destroy our security models*.
(And that's just the rich/west/white/wasp sector.  Move a cultural barrier or three and it all changes again.  Hell, just cross the Atlantic and the other side has a diametrically orthogonal view as to who the enemy of privacy is.)
Which is not to say this is good.  Nor bad.  It is, and our task here in designing security and cryptography and surveillance and all so forth is made much harder because we're also shooting at a moving target.
I think you're conflating human's visceral reaction to control with the technological advances.  They both exist, they interact heavily, but they are independent in origin, and neither can be stopped.
No, they are offensive to our generation, the one brought up on _1984_.   The newer generation is a bit vague on it all, they've got snapchat, they've been using nyms for 15 years, mobile identity in their pockets, crowding and flashmobs, permanent recording of them and their friends, boarding, and all that.
I don't think it is fair.  Nor an excuse.  I just think it is, it's a done deal.  There is no way you or anyone can unwind what technology made possible.  Or if there is, I'm interested to hear it, but it actually has to be realistic, not foot stomping and harkenings back to a more innocent age.
No, that isn't candid camera, that's in your face camera, that's paparazzi surveillance.  That's aggression, bordering on assault, a completely different issue.
Not so many people mind if they are on candid camera, what they mind about is having the ability to control how their image is utilised That's invasive.  That's crossing a line, that's entering into your own Sure.  People are talking about it.  But what to do?
How do you apply the brakes when you're not in the vehicle?  That's completely missing the reality of it - you have a well-funded 100k personnel and growing rapidly organisation that is breathing life into the starved old physical industrial military complex.  It routinely lies to all the regulators of same, in court.
Do you think it cares one jot what you think?  The 'people' think?
About the only thing you can do -- my thoughts only -- is to ring fence it.  By applying pressure to all the other agencies around the place that are currently, still, beholden to the regulatory structure called And that, before it is too late.
Yes - the only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
The fact that it is a fiction doesn't stop it being one of the most powerful weapons used against own people we've ever seen.
It is the world we live in.  Philosophically, we either abandon those who don't realise the irrational trap they let themselves get caught in, or we defend them.
This same debate has erupted over on OpenPGP.  Who is pgp for?  Is it for the masses, or is it for the experts?
What does 'pretty good privacy' mean, really, and who is it?
Strawman proposal:  you can't do both.  You have to pick.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-03-24 22:30:24
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] "Most Americans Don't Mind Being on Candid Camera" 
It's easy to construct a story.  It's also easy to lie.  And it;s inevitable that they go off the rails if there is no control.
So where to draw the line?  Where is the place they must not go?
If that isn't clear then it's all over.  The line must be observable, measurable and hard.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-03-23 19:34:08
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] "Most Americans Don't Mind Being on Candid Camera" 
Personally I think the surveillance genie is out of the bottle and will never go back.  Over the long term, technology trumps law, not the other way around.
However, what I am not keen on - actually what I think is the threat to the very nature of the democratic and free societies we were taught about in school - is that the intelligence agencies then use their broad and well-funded surveillance powers on everyone, *and then hand the data over to the police*.
That way lies the police state.  And for that, there is no excuse, because we were all (*) alive and aware when the Berlin Wall came down.
Spying on everyone is fine - for national security.  But there is a long-standing taboo between mixing national / military affairs with domestic / criminal affairs.
(*) ok, I know that's not technically true, but ...
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-08-18 14:56:04
@_author: ianG 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] CNSS Issues Memo on Shift to Quantum-Resistant Cryptography 
that document blocked due to session variable or something.  Is there an =
open copy?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-11-09 13:38:30
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] "we need to protect [our dox] by at least encrypting them" 
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
 boundary="------------39322AC509F5D1E536543A74"
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

@_date: 2017-02-25 15:26:27
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Schneier's Internet Security Agency - bad idea because we don't know what it will do 
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
 boundary="------------7F25E098FE1D7A248773CAFE"
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
