
@_date: 2002-05-14 12:25:05
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
Yes, that is because Bob's comments were originally
biased to the American market.  There, in the US (I
don't know about Canada), compared to Europe and most
other countries, the usage of the credit card is much
higher, and ATMs are less used.
The reason for this is the structure of the banking
industry.  In most countries, there are 3-4 huge
national banks that dominate.  Consequently, they
drive banking, and they have powerful ATM networks
that are national in scope.  Also, they drive card
usage more, and thus they don't advance the cause
of the credit card any more than it suits them.
In contrast, the US is one of the few countries
with little "national" banking.  There are something
like 10,000 banks there, and there no "national"
banks.  Consequently, the glue that holds the
system together is the credit card majors (amongst
other things like the fed), and they drive much of
the utilisation patterns.
The US therefore has weaker ATM networks (compared
with other countries).  Whilst a lot of that ground
has been caught up, it is the case that the CC majors
own the two big networks (as Bob says).
Debit cards I think are relatively new development
in the US, as they bypass the CC companies' interests.
They have been strong in the rest of the world for
a longer time.  For that reason, there is a whole
host of charges as they go through the different
institutions, including the CC networks, which you
won't find so strong elsewhere.
(PS: I could be wrong about the details above, I
haven't checked any of them, but I think I have the
big picture down.)

@_date: 2002-05-12 14:19:09
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
What are the margins on consumer debt?  Isn't it
all securitized, thus efficient?
Well, all of it, if you are talking about costs of
doing the payment.
The problem with paying for anything over $100 is
having the money with you at that time.  Most
purchases are done at some random future time,
and without a credit payment, it would be necessary
to take huge amounts of cash with you at all times.
This results in costs:  forgone interest on ones
wealth, risk of seizure, and the mere cost of having
to wear clothing with big pockets.
A credit token allows you to bring the stored wealth
with you;  but it's not the only way.  If there was
pervasive FC, then you would have choice between
credit and accrued wealth.  You could flip out your
palmtop, access your stored stocks in MicroHard, flip
it in the market and pay with straight "now" cash.
Or you could chose credit.  But one could imagine
that if you can access your real wealth straight
away then a lot of rational people with palmtops
with financial modelling on them would calculate
the effective price of the two choices (credid v.
now-cash flipped from stored wealth t+3) quickly
enough to show you that paying with cash was
optimal in far more circumstances.
Rational individuals pay with cash when they can.
They stop paying with cash when they run out, as
the cost of cash rises rapidly with volume.  CC
vendors exploit this by offering free credit for
a month, thus making one perceive that there is
no benefit to using credit, and then, it wins hands
down over cash.  Providing access to stored wealth
in t+3 would redress the balance and provide for a
more optimal solution.
OTOH, rational companies pay with debt when they
can.  So it's not as if the world will lose the
credit industry just because FC provides us with
now-cash.  And, I suspect people acting as corporate
actors would treat their credit requirements as
delivering cash and adding to their total credit
equation, as the spectrum between credit and wealth
becomes efficient.  That is, they might pay with
credit, but the credit is provided in cash, and
then passed on to the merchant, so the credit
provider is unlinked from the purchase.
PS: t+3 means trade settlement in 3 seconds.

@_date: 2002-05-12 17:22:33
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Edinburgh Financial Cryptography Engineering 2002 - CFP 
No, no, NO!!  You are talking about Financial Cryptography,
the conferences running on a bunch of Caribbean islands.
Very different animal :-)  The original goal for a mixed
business and law and accounting and a tad of crypto was
perverted into YACC - yet another crypto conference - and
became very academic, very mathematical, very crypto, very
junior, and very ignorable.
(Even if I do say so myself, having presented two papers
at FC. :-)
Nobody that I ever heard of got laid at FC.  That's why we
started EFCE.  Literally we, the waiting debutantes, got
bored of not getting any after our 3rd (4th?) attempt at
the prom.  How many dresses does a girl have to buy?  So
we rewrote the rules to be a. everything that FC doesn't
do, and b. nothing that FC does.
And it worked.  We got laid, or, at least, some of us did.
As programme chair for the first two EFCEs, I monitored
the mating patterns of FCers with interest.  I found that
one third of the presenters managed to close/advance/secure
deals that moved money into their pockets.
Not huge amounts, I grant you.  FC - the art - really does
suffer from the academic throw-more-formulas at yet-another-
hype-problem legacy of FC - the conference.  People simply
don't expect it to go anywhere because of that.
So when the money turns up (several banks, several regulatory
types, several settlement types) to EFCE, they get caught by
surprise.  Often times, nothing gets consumated because the
guys don't come in the appropriate dress, and have to ask us
ladies for phone numbers instead.
Which is why, when the *2nd* EFCE happened, another 1/3 of
the presenters walked around with knowing, self-satisfied
Nobody.  But, you *are* invited to present it at EFCE, and
there you get to tap into the combined market wisdom of
*why* no one will ever use that system.  You won't get that
anywhere else.
You certainly won't get it at FC, as they are mostly
interested in the crypto content, which is not compatible
with a business assessment at all.  Go to FC and you will
hear about voting (with crypto), content protection (with
crypto), cracking machines (of crypto).  Yet another
session on the unworkable CA model (another fine waste of
good crypto).  More crypto than you know what to do with.
Come to EFCE and find out why your business sucks. See how
transactions are done.  Measure them.  Watch them fail.
See how your competitors already thought of it and coded
it several years ago. Watch the presenters get courted by
the audience, with numbers (yes, we rated the presentations
with numbers)!
Oh, you are assuming a retail application.  There are many
interesting applications in FC, and retail is only one of
them.  The systems that have succeeded have not done so
within retail.  For example, PayPal succeeded in e-bay
auction settlements.
PS: everything above is past history;  this year I probably
won't make EFCE, and Rodney Thayer is doing the programme
chair.  He might change the dress code somewhat, and other
elements of the courting protocol.  Up to him.

@_date: 2002-05-30 12:34:49
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: When encryption is also authentication... 
Costs are still way too high.  This won't change until
browsers are shipped that treat self-signed certs as being
valid.  Unfortunately, browser manufacturers believe in
cert-ware for a variety of non-security reasons.
Hopefully, one day the independant browser manufacturers
will ship browsers that show a different icon for self-
certs, rather than annoy the user with mindless security
warnings.  Then, we can expect a massive increase in
secure browsing as sites start defaulting to self-signed
certs, and a consequent massive increase in security, as
well as a follow-on massive increase in the sale of certs.
Unfortunately, we probably won't see an enhanced market
for CA certs until Verisign goes broke.
Huge numbers of them.  You won't see it in security
lists, but most of your average people out there do
not understand the significance of the padlock, and
when merchants request credit card numbers, they
quietly forget to tell them.
And, in a lot of cases, credit card details are
shipped over cleartext email rather than browsers.
Many of these merchants have card-holder-present
agreements, the restrictions of which, they just
ignore.  Commerce being what commerce is, it is
more important to get the sale than deal with some
obscure security nonsense that doesn't make sense.
Much of today's body of (OECD) net users don't read
the news about the net and don't understand the debate,
nor can they make sense of how to protect themselves
from a site that is hacked...
Three or four years back, much of the body of the
net was still technically advanced and capable of
understanding the fallacious security arguments.
These days, perversely, the users are better able
to evaluate the security risks, because they don't
understand the arguments, so they look to the
actual experience, which provides no warnings.
Unfortunately, real data is being kept back by the
credit card majors.  It is my contention that there
has never been a case of sniffed-credit-card-abuse,
and nobody I've ever talked to in the credit card
world has ever been able to change that.
On the whole, all net-related credit card fraud is
to do with other factors:  mass thefts from hacked
databases, fraudulent merchant gatherings, fear-of-
wife revocations, etc.  Nothing, ever, to do with
on-the-wire security.

@_date: 2002-05-30 19:56:33
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Making Veri$ign rich(er) 
I understand that we are all working to make Veri$ign rich by
pushing their cert-ware.  Let me offer you a way in which we
could make them richer.  Believe me, they need our help.
What you describe above is an arcane theoretical attack.
An MITM is an extraordinarily difficult thing to do.  In
practice, totally impractical in risk analysis terms.  Its
impracticality is because there are always easier pickings
out there than conducting this attack.
Consider the attack.  You have to be able to so some spoofing,
or some interception, or some hacking of critical infrastructures
to do this.  After all, you have to be able to insert yourself
where Mallory needs to be in some sense, which means perverting
the normal flow of packets.
This is generally highly risky.  It is also expensive and
hard to control.
Say you are attacking Amazon.  If you pervert the DNS, as
you suggest, you will have to be able to handle a lot of DNS
requests.  Also, there is a high chance that you will be
noticed.  Net techies and hackers and ISP people are looking
at this sort of thing all the time.
Now consider what you get:  you can sit in the middle and
manage some SSL traffic.  So you'll need some capacity to
sift through all the different sessions to snaffle the good
data.  At the end of the day, you'll be burning up a lot of
CPU cycles to manage that traffic.  (So you'll need access
to some good sized hardware if you are attacking Amazon.)
Finally, you manage to start farming those valuable CCs.
Depending on how much hardware you've got that is managing
the thousands of MITM sessions, you could pick up quite a
But, if you do manage to get to the point of actually
harvesting some CCs, you will by now have laid out such
a road map that someone should be able to find you.  So,
you had better have a fast exit.
Here's the thing:  even if you get some, it wasn't worth it.
Think like a crook.  Any thing that you can do with SSL,
you can do easier just by hacking into some poor NT box and
accessing the database to read off the CCs.  Then you get
to walk away without leaving any tracks.  Then you get the
last month's takings, because the company already did the
harversting for you.
And, in practice this is how it goes.  No thief ever bothers
to do an MITM, even over *un*encrypted traffic.  They simply
hack into the machines and steal it all.  That's why there
has never been a case of CCs sniffed over the net and being
used to commit a fraud (at least, no recorded ones).
Change the analysis to small merchants, and it is even worse
(of course Amazon will have a cert, so even its rich bounty
is unavailable, you have to do this on small merchants).
So, how do we make Veri$ign richer?  Easy, switch browsers
to accepting self-signed certs.  To see this, we have to
have tried or heard about small enterprises who have tried
to set up their SSL certs.
It's very expensive.  Most don't do it.  If we had the money
we could ask Netcraft.com for the figures, but, last I checked,
only 1% of servers have proper setups with proper certs.  Why?
because it is so expensive to set up.
Most sites try and fail.  They give up when they realise it
isn't worth their time.  So Veri$ign fails to sell the cert.
And the site remains unencrypted, uncerted, unprotected only
by the fact that nobody is watching.  (Security by obscurity
is indeed the greatest friend that we have, by actual saved
amounts of money.)
Now, if there was a halfway house, the site could at least
be set up so that it is encrypted.  Right there, is a big
improvement in security.  If we could do that, if we could
encourage the browsers to accept the self-signed but
encrypted web sites, that would let all the poor people in
the world (the other 99% that can't afford all the hoo-haa
of dealing with VeriSign and techies and ISPs and ...) have
a go at setting up secure web sites.  Secure by encryption
that is.
My guess is that it would get the number up to 10%.  Why
would that make Veri$ign richer?  Because taking that 10%
of encrypted sites would be a much more powerful target
market.  Veri$ign knows they care.  Those sites just haven't
got around to doing the work to get the cert set up.  But
they are encrypted.  They are half way there.  They want to
be there!
A decent, marketing approach to this user base would result
in a pretty good conversion rate.  We are talking 20-30%
here, because we know they care.  So, that expands the
market for cert-ware by 2-3.  Such doesn't work when you
are dealing with a untargetted site base of 10 times that.
All they have to do is understand that their MITM model,
as learnt from the textbooks, does their market more harm
than good.  Sack the cryptographers, and employ some script
kiddies to tell them what it is about.
Should be worth a doubling of their share price.

@_date: 2002-07-03 12:54:00
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
One is troubled by this rather excellent post by
I accept at face value the comments made, and they
certainly seem to match the facts and circumstances
of the times (the arisal of Keynsianism from the
roots of the Great Depression).
What troubles me is the pressumption of modern
economics somehow presenting an advantage.  What
would that advantage be?
And if that advantage would somehow ease the pain
of the Great Depression, or not have started it in
the first place, why is it that the IMF (claimed by
some to be a body that dispenses American economic
thought and American loans), advised the Argentinian
government to peg the peso, and gave them lots of
loans to keep it there?
Argentina is now in its 1st Great Depression of this
century, and it's pretty clear that the IMF and the
fixed exchange rate together were responsible as the
external events.
The only way I can reconcile this is to negate the
advantage or benefit conferred by modern economics?
Any other takes?

@_date: 2002-07-05 02:29:06
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Markets (was Re: Hayek was right. Twice.) 
I find myself compelled to advertise :-)
addreses this, and whilst the above comments
are highly applicable, I believe there are
ways forward.
See also the work of Eric Hughes, John Walker,
the AMIX, Robin Hanson and others.
Well, the problem is that you are asking too
much of one OS.  If you want stability, use
FreeBSD (we do).  If you want security, check
out OpenBSD.  If you want portability, try
If you want to have fun, then Linux is good,
so I hear, but serious business finds itself
unsatisfied.  Mind you, it is getting a whole
lot better!
We've had a lot of success with open source.
My company published the Cryptix java library
back in '96, for purely selfish reasons.
Since then, a team of volunteers (including
our own people) have produced lots of versions,
and kept it moderately up to date.  (It's a
bit quiet now, the lists are down, giving
evidence of the unreliability of the open
source model ;-)
We had to write Cryptix, that was a business
requirement as we needed crypto in Java (and
Perl) and nobody had done it before.  But,
once done, I didn't want to pay to keep it
going.  So we open sourced it.  We got the
support and the updates for free, mostly,
I had to pay for bits and
pieces, sure, but when I paid about $6000
(all up) to get the OpenPGP library written,
it compared pretty well to the licence fees
that RSADSI was charging, of $25,000.  I
got a good price because the source then
got opensourced.  Everybody won.  And, I
had to do it anyway, because RSADSI doesn't
deliver OpenPGP :-(
(Of course there are alternate business
models.  Baltimore, IAIK, RSADSI are some
famous names that decided to sell their
crypto software and made a bundle on the
stock exchange.  But, when it comes down
to it, their model failed, because they
were seduced into the apparent gold mine
of PKI...  But that's getting distracted!)
There are other benefits to the open source
model:  most of the people who've volunteered
have boosted their CVs and picked up good
work because of it.

@_date: 2002-08-19 13:19:53
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: employment market for applied cryptographers? 
just interested:  do you have a definition of what an
"applied cryptographer" is?

@_date: 2003-06-19 00:15:34
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal 
It's certainly enough - IMHO - to take the wind out
of the sails of the current rash of pirates.  If
the "placebo box" were to present the number of times
connected, and showed this in a graphical fashion,
I think it would be something ordinary users would
E.g.,  bright and bold and pulsing for 1st time,
with a big frowny face and the number 1.  Warm and
fuzzy for 10th time, with a big 10 and a smiley
face.  It might even put the fun back into browser
programming :-)  Certificate caching is a far more powerful idea
than, say, CA-signed certs.  If it were added
to browsers, and servers initialised with self-
signed certs, then the security of the net would
go up immensely.  Integrated with some of the
ideas that people have suggested concerning WoT,
publically distributed certs, and individualised
displays (amounting to local secrets keyed on the
cert), we could actually start to see people using
secured browsing when they wanted to rather than
when they were forced to.
It might even raise the stock of the profession
above the current "maybe it's all snake oil" rating
that some skeptics have applied :-)
(Oddly enough, the market for CA-signed certs
would also increase, and the factory signers
would make a killing, but that's a rant for
another day.)

@_date: 2003-09-08 18:34:25
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Digital cash and campaign finance reform 
How would you audit such a system?  I'm not that up
on political cash, but I would have expected that there
would be a need to figure out where money was coming
from, by some interested third party
Also there would be a need to prove that the funds
were getting there, otherwise, I'd be the first to
jump in there and run the mix.  Or, the mint.

@_date: 2003-09-08 18:34:25
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Digital cash and campaign finance reform 
How would you audit such a system?  I'm not that up
on political cash, but I would have expected that there
would be a need to figure out where money was coming
from, by some interested third party
Also there would be a need to prove that the funds
were getting there, otherwise, I'd be the first to
jump in there and run the mix.  Or, the mint.

@_date: 2003-12-05 19:32:49
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Larry Lessig on ending anonymity through "identity escrow" 
It seems as if Larry Lessig has figured out the fatal
flaw in anonymous or untraceable systems - that they
are not economically sustainable.
In the face of that argument, he does not propose that
they be banned, as Declan suspects:
What Larray proposes is that they be permitted, but
he also suggests - quite rightly - that psuedonymous
systems will have more "traction."  This is simply
because psuedonymous systems overcome the fatal
objection to totally anonymous/untraceable systems,
whilst providing some economic privacy that is
currently unobtainable.
In practice, most successful systems have been identity
based in some form or other, with psuedonymous features
at the edge.  E.g., a hotmail account is a psuedonym
that points to an IP number.  Systems that preserve
total anonymity or untraceability have not as yet
achieved any success that qualifies as survivability
(notwithstanding many brave efforts).
( To drag this back to the crypto context, psuedonymous
systems are easily modelled as each client generating
a private/public key pair and using it as an identity.
In that sense, they are a core and useful result of
crypto systems. )
PS: disclosure - my company builds psuedonymous systems.

@_date: 2004-04-08 13:58:05
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
If I'm happy to pervert the electoral
process, then I'm quite happy to do it
in busloads.  In fact, this is a common
approach, busses are paid for by a party
candidate, the 1st stop is the polling
booth, the 2nd stop is the party booth.
In the west, this is done with old people's
homes, so I hear.
Now, one could say that we'd distribute
the verifiability over a random set of
pollees, but that would make the verification
impractically expensive.

@_date: 2004-04-08 13:58:05
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
If I'm happy to pervert the electoral
process, then I'm quite happy to do it
in busloads.  In fact, this is a common
approach, busses are paid for by a party
candidate, the 1st stop is the polling
booth, the 2nd stop is the party booth.
In the west, this is done with old people's
homes, so I hear.
Now, one could say that we'd distribute
the verifiability over a random set of
pollees, but that would make the verification
impractically expensive.

@_date: 2004-04-07 19:42:47
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
It seems to me that the requirement for after-the-vote
verification ("to prove your vote was counted") clashes
rather directly with the requirement to protect voters
from coercion ("I can't prove I voted in a particular
way.") or other incentives-based attacks.
You can have one, or the other, but not both, right?
It would seem that the former must give way to the latter,
at least in political voting.  I.e., no verification after
the vote.

@_date: 2004-04-07 19:42:47
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
It seems to me that the requirement for after-the-vote
verification ("to prove your vote was counted") clashes
rather directly with the requirement to protect voters
from coercion ("I can't prove I voted in a particular
way.") or other incentives-based attacks.
You can have one, or the other, but not both, right?
It would seem that the former must give way to the latter,
at least in political voting.  I.e., no verification after
the vote.

@_date: 2004-07-28 09:46:19
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: [cap-talk] Site changes 
Is there any need to accept attachments on the lists?
Presumably the replied-to message was a virus.
cap-talk mailing list

@_date: 2004-07-09 23:14:45
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: EZ Pass and the fast lane .... 
Sourceforge was doing that to me today!
No, that is to confuse the collecting of tolls
with the catching of defrauders.  Consider one
to be the automatic turnstile and the other to
be the ticket inspector.  One records the tolls,
the other looks for error conditions.
Yes, but so ineffective.  I can pass "through" the
toll gate - the cell site - and nobody can see
where I am.  I can make a call, and nobody can read
my location without doing complicated tracking stuff
with many cells.  The day that the cops get their
dream of cell phones being able to signal location,
that might change, but in the meantime, a cell phone
is for most purposes unlocatable.
Another factor is that the reward is very different,
one can save a lot more on a cellphone than a toll
way trip.
Sorry, yes:  if I catch a fraudster with a cell
phone, I can haul him down the station and seize
his phone.  BFD, it was probably stolen anyway.
If I catch a EZ Passter I can seize his car.
OK, so run this past me again.  I get to send a
virus or whatever that causes EZ Pass to go down
or mis-bill thousands of their customers, and I
also have to drive down the free way and drive
through their toll gates, in order to collect my
prize of ... a free ride on the toll way?
All of which is irrelevant.  The MP3s you are trading
do not generate a transaction request, being fraudulent
or otherwise, do not hit a server that has details on
who you are, and are probably encrypted so nobody can
tell what it is you are doing, thus forcing the cops
(IP terrorists being your  priority) to pull the car
to a halt and search for contraband music.
The only questions here are:  do the EZ Pass people have
your licence plate and your EZ Pass account number?  Do
they have the budget to employ some students with cameras?
Do they have the ability to target people who should be
travelling A -> D but keep getting billed from B -> C?
And, do the drivers who decide to defraud the EZ Pass
system have the ability to avoid 2 points, being any 2
of A, B, C, D?

@_date: 2004-07-09 20:54:58
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: EZ Pass and the fast lane .... 
Well, I am presuming that ... the EZ Pass
does have an account number, right?  And
then, the car does have a licence place?
So, just correlate the account numbers
with the licence plates as they go through
the gates.
The thing about phones is that they have
no licence plates and no toll gates.  Oh,
and no cars.
What incentive does a miscreant have to
reprogram hundreds or thousands of other
Phones are great for spoofing because the
value can be high.  And, the risk of being
physically apprehended is low.  Cars and
toll ways are a different matter.

@_date: 2004-07-08 15:09:11
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: EZ Pass and the fast lane .... 
From a business perspective, it makes no
sense to spend any money on crypto for this
application.  If it is free, sure use it,
but if not, then worry about the 0.01% of
users who fiddle the system later on.
It would be relatively easy to catch someone
doing this - just cross-correlate with other
information (address of home and work) and
then photograph the car at the on-ramp.
If the end result isn't as shown through
other means, then you have the evidence.
One high profile court case later, and the
chances of anyone copying this to escape
a toll fare shrink into the ignorable.

@_date: 2004-10-22 10:45:59
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Are new passports [an] identity-theft risk? 
Who was it that pointed out that radio waves don't
interfere, rather, receivers can't discriminate?

@_date: 2004-10-25 21:31:48
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Financial identity is *dangerous*? (was re: Fake companies, real 
It should be obvious.  But it's not.  A few billions
of investment in smart cards says that it is anything
but obvious.
To be fair, the smart card investments I've been
familiar with have been at least very well aware of
the problem.  It didn't stop them proceeding with
papering over the symptoms, when they should have
gone for the underlying causes.

@_date: 2004-10-25 10:23:25
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Financial identity is *dangerous*? (was re: Fake companies, real 
I think the recent decision by Microsoft to not upgrade
browsers indicates that they are plumbing for your choice
(1).  Backwards compatibility takes a back seat.  I wrote
more about it here:
I have two questions:  Does he have a board?  I
never heard of anyone but Bill Gates telling Ballmer
what to do.  Just curious!
Secondly, is a VM strategy likely to work?  Assuming
that Microsoft can make it work nicely, it also opens
the door for other OSs to be added into the mix, something
that Microsoft wouldn't be that keen to promote.
(I don't disagree with your comments, though!)

@_date: 2004-10-21 16:20:24
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Financial identity is *dangerous*? (was re: Fake companies, real 
None.  But a machine that had one purpose in life:
to manage the bearer bond, that could be trusted
to a reasonable degree.  The trick is to stop
thinking of the machine as a general purpose
computer and think of it as a platform for one
single application.  Then secure that machine/OS/
stack/application combination.
Oh, and make it small enough to fit in the pocket,
put a display *and* a keypad on it, and tell the
user not to lose it.

@_date: 2004-10-19 20:30:40
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Financial identity is *dangerous*? (was re: Fake companies, real 
Hi John,
We are way way past that point in security,
phishing is happening on an industrial scale, and
the virus, phish and spam people are united, or
at least working together.  Internet payment
systems are being DDOS/extorted on a regular
basis, and hack attempts are routine.
We literally already have that world.
Again, we're well past that point.  There have been
hundreds and hundreds of payment systems out there,
and maybe order of a thousand have failed by now,
mostly due to business reasons.  Some simply due
to hacks and attacks, but it is rare, because:
What happens is that beyond a certain threshold, the
payment system delivers valuable payments.  At that
point, it starts getting attacked.  If those attacks
are survived, then it moves on to the next phase.
Which would be more attacks of a different nature...
(In fact, one seems to have failed in the last few
days - EvoCash -  and another is on the watch list
for failure - DMT/Alta.  Both of them suffered from
business style attacks it seemed, rather than what
we would call security hacks.)
The notion that suddenly it's all over isn't what
happens.  It's a trickle, then it builds up to a
flood.  Some small hacks come in, and people either
look at them or they don't.  Those that are diligent
and keep an eye on these things respond.  Those that
don't go out of business.  There are more dead
payment systems than people on this list, I'd guess,
we do have plenty of experience in this.
In practice, we've also seen what happens when
money that gets stolen can't be traced or stopped.
Even though not "bearer", systems like e-gold are
plenty anon enough, and they don't easily reverse.
I doubt bearer systems would necessarily face a
problem because of users losing their bearer tokens
(but there are plenty of other problems out there
like the rather hard insider theft problem).
When we get to that point, we will have an answer
for him.  I can assert that with a fair degree of
confidence, because a) we can't ever get to that
point until we have an answer, and b) we already
have the answer, and have had it for a decade:
store it on a trusted machine.  Just say no to
Windows XP.  It's easy, especially when he's
storing a bearer bond worth a car.

@_date: 2004-10-25 22:19:05
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Printers betray document secrets 
It's actually quite an amusing problem.  When put
in those terms, it might be cheaper and more secure
to go find some druggie down back of central station,
and pay them a tenner to write out the ransom demand.
Or buy a newspaper and start cutting and pasting the
In more scientific terms, is there a way to efficiently
print an anonymous paper document?  (By anonymous,
I mean a document that leaves no easy clues back to
the author.)  When creating ones anonymous political
pamphlets revealing the latest government scandal,
one might need the help of RFC 666, "how to print
anonymous pamphlets with modern printers."
E.g., something like:  acquire a HP inkjet and a
Brother laser.  Disengage the ink drying fan in the
Brother.  Print the page through the Brother then
print the same page (wet!) through the HP within 5
seconds.  For paper, use fish&chip wrap, cleaned
with sarsons and dried for 30 mins under a tanning
lamp with the UV filter removed...

@_date: 2004-10-19 20:14:50
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Printers betray document secrets 
I don't think this is new - I'm pretty sure it was
published about 6 or 7 years back as a technique.

@_date: 2004-10-24 13:11:41
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Are new passports [an] identity-theft risk? 
I have another question:  aren't RFIDs of this
nature all passive, and need to be excited in
some fashion?  It would seem that detecting the
powering signal may well be a way to defend
against unexpected reads.
OK, so your view would be that SSNs are just
indexes into databases and therefore are not
a threat to anyone.  Very silly of the US congress
to have put restrictions on their use, then...
Mind you, in Australia, they are even less
humours.  I hear, you go to jail if you are
caught using TSNs for anything but the tax
records for your employees.
Do you have anything to back up that "reasonable
surmise" ?  I'd say the DeCSS program, and any
analysis of the application, and any amount of
experience with similar apps like smart card money
would say the reverse is true.  Distributing data
that is private to a large quantity of readers
with pre-issued hardware and data is a hard problem,
especially if you can't use public key crypto (but
don't imagine public key crypto solves all the
Oodles of experience dictate that the information
on the RFIDs will be available to a huge number
of bureaucrats, for free, and anyone who wants
to purchase it, for a market price.  Going on
prior figures seen, I'd say the price would be
order of $10 - $100 (the price of doing business,
as the data cost would be marginal==0), and the
end result is that it would all be bundled up in
the standard package of identity for some given
Actually, I think the people you are dealing with
there are ingenious in a hive like fashion.  They
will come up with a good reason to have them
available for read without the user's knowledge.
The questions would then be, what frequency do these
things operate on, what power is required to power
them up, and what power is required to ... power them
down.  Any radio guys around?

@_date: 2004-10-22 10:45:59
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Are new passports [an] identity-theft risk? 
Who was it that pointed out that radio waves don't
interfere, rather, receivers can't discriminate?

@_date: 2004-11-07 14:11:56
@_author: "Ian Grigg" 
@_subject: L/Cs, e-gold and regulated banking 
(Guys, this has drifted out of crypto into finance, so I
have a feeling that it will disappear of the crypto list.
But the topics that are raised are interesting and important
enough to carry on, I think.)
An excellent description;  I was unaware that the system
could be used in a non-credit fashion.  Thanks for correcting
There are many definitions of "banking" and unfortunately
they are different enough that one will make mistakes
routinely.  Here are the most useful three that I know of:
1.  borrowing from the public as deposits and lending those
deposits to the public.  This is the favoured definition for
economists, because it concentrates on the specialness that
is banking, which is the foundation for its special regulatory
2.  Banking is what banks do, and banks do banking.  This is
the favoured definition of banks, and often times, regulators,
because it gives them a free hand to exploit their special
franchise / subsidy.  It was codified in law in many countries
as just this, but I believe it is out of favour to write it
down these days.  However, the Fed and other US regulators have
from time to time resorted to this definition, when convenient.
3.  Banking is what the regulator says is banking.  This is
the favoured definition of regulators, and sometimes of banks.
It means that there is little or no argument or discussion in
protecting the flock.  This is the much more prevalent in
smaller countries, where the notion of "sending in the lawyers"
is simply too expensive.
4.  There is a popular definition that says something like,
if it is to do with money it is banking.  That's not a very
useful one, but it's prevalent enough to need to be aware of
Right!  (Although, I'd suggest that the "payment systems
regulatory" question is polarised between the Fed and
the German model.  In the German model, payment systems
are part of banking, and are subject to heavy regulation.
I've not heard of the Germans and their followers accepting
the Fed model.  This debate is played out in the EU over
and over again, and there it can be loosely characterised
as the Germans + supporters versus the Brits plus supporters.)
Well, one could speculate on that and many other things.
Perhaps an anecdote would illustrate that better than I
can in more speculation:  in the very early days, e-gold
did go to the Fed and ask them if they considered e-gold
to be ... within interest.  The Fed said, "gold is not
money and therefore it is not of interest."
This would have been back in 97 or so.  Now, that's what
the Fed said then.  Obviously they are using definition above.  And, just as obviously, things can change...
If the separate party were to hold and create credit
based on contracts of deposit, using e-gold as the
money and as the accounts system, this would be doing
banking according to definition  above.  However,
note that it would have both the advantages of both
a hard money - 100% reserved digital gold - and the
advantages of fractional reserve.  The bank could
only lend out what it had attracted in deposits,
which would result in a stable multiplier.
The trick is to separate the payment system from the
bank!  The easiest way to do this is to ban payment
systems from being near or related to credit systems,
which is what we espouse in our unregulated finance
systems governance models.  (This is why e-gold is a
payment system in Nevis, and G&SR is a seller of e-gold
for dollars in Florida.  On paper at least, G&SR can
go bankrupt and e-gold carries on.)
The offerers of credit and loans were all third parties
that more or less had nothing to do with e-gold.  Such
separation, in theory, allows the creation of a stable
credit expansion system which is only limited by the
efficiency of the players.

@_date: 2004-11-01 21:41:33
@_author: "Ian Grigg" 
@_subject: Re: Financial identity is *dangerous*? (was re: Fake companies, 
On whether the goal of smart cards is to reduce
a)  Not with any systems I was familiar:  the major Dutch
systems were defensive, oriented to filling the space
that was potentially threatened by other parties.  The
trials were goaled to increase security, which they did
not by using smart cards, but by eliminating cash, which
had created an unacceptable risk of serious theft in
unattended petrol stations.  The same happened with UK
phone cards...  I'm unfamiliar with Mondex or the Belgium/
Proton based motives, but their structures indicate that
liability was not a question uppermost on their minds.
b)  Liability reduction cannot be a goal.  If it was, then
one could achieve the goal completely - eliminate liability -
by not doing the project.  Instead, liability and/or
reduction of same is a _limitation_ on the goal of the
c)  Whether liability reduction entered into any smart
card system as a limitation on their goals is a little
uncertain.  I would say no, as all the systems were
early stage in the institutional model;  in which case
there was little or no liability.  Instead, the only
drivers in that vague area would have been future
running costs reduction, which would have included well
considered security models, and partially considered
user support models, to reduce over all costs.  Including
all forms of risks, of course.
d)  Liability reduction generally comes into play when a
system is mature and/or regulatory issues come into play.
That is, liability reduction is something often seen when
the desire is to avoid surprises, and to avoid any costs
cropping up that weren't well built into the costs model.
I.e., the risk models used by credit card operators are
one example, and the customer agreement models (or whatever
they are called) used by CAs are another example of liability
e) Perversely, banks practice liability increase as well as
reduction.  In fact, a pure banking model is about the risk
of a loan, and they specialise in measuring and managing
the risk of that loan.  But, as we are talking about payment
systems, and loans are banking, and banking is not payment
systems, that would be a change in business, so out of
scope of the original topic.
f)  And, of course, all institutions will practice liability
increase if they can turn it into a barrier to entry, that
is, cartelise the industry so as to block new entrants.  See
the eMoney directive for the European barrier to entry, which
was effectively coordinated by the Bundesbank on behalf of
the banks, and resulted in the "like a bank, but not a bank,
and as costly as a bank" approach to digital cash.
All of which might or might not hit the target of liability
as you wrote it?

@_date: 2004-11-07 13:02:50
@_author: "Ian Grigg" 
@_subject: RE: Your source code, for sale 
What is wrong with having a TTP, generally called a

@_date: 2004-11-07 03:21:42
@_author: "Ian Grigg" 
@_subject: Re: Your source code, for sale 
This is to mix up banking and payment systems.  Enzo's
description shows banks doing banking - lending money
on paper that eventually pays a rate of return.  In
contrast, in the DGC or digital gold currency world,
the issuers of gold like e-gold are payment systems and
not banks.  The distinction is that a payment system
does not issue credit.
So, in the e-gold scenario, there would need to be
similar third parties independent of the payment system
to provide the credit moving in the reverse direction to
the goods.  In the end it would be much like Enzo's
example, with a third party with the seller, a third
party with the buyer, and one or two third parties who
are dealing the physical goods.  There have been some
thoughts in the direction of credit creation in the
gold community, but nothing of any sustainability has
occurred as yet.

@_date: 2004-11-07 03:21:42
@_author: "Ian Grigg" 
@_subject: Re: Your source code, for sale 
This is to mix up banking and payment systems.  Enzo's
description shows banks doing banking - lending money
on paper that eventually pays a rate of return.  In
contrast, in the DGC or digital gold currency world,
the issuers of gold like e-gold are payment systems and
not banks.  The distinction is that a payment system
does not issue credit.
So, in the e-gold scenario, there would need to be
similar third parties independent of the payment system
to provide the credit moving in the reverse direction to
the goods.  In the end it would be much like Enzo's
example, with a third party with the seller, a third
party with the buyer, and one or two third parties who
are dealing the physical goods.  There have been some
thoughts in the direction of credit creation in the
gold community, but nothing of any sustainability has
occurred as yet.

@_date: 2004-12-13 01:32:49
@_author: "Ian Grigg" 
@_subject: Re: Blinky Rides Again: RCMP suspect al-Qaida messages 
Right.  Although only based on very limited experiences,
where I've come across those in "interesting lines of
business", the strong impression I get is that they would
not touch any new or geeky tool that had some claimed
benefits that couldn't be proven on examination.
This was most forcefully put to me by a dealer of narcotics
in Amsterdam (I wasn't buying, just trying to be polite at
a party ;) who said that he and his like would not use any
of the payment systems that had supposed privacy built in,
as they assumed that the makers were lying about the privacy
provisions.  As far as 3 systems that the guy was aware of,
he was dead right twice, and for the third, I'd say he was
approximately right.
So, if this is a valid use case and we can extend from small
time narcotics payments to big time terrorism chitchat, we
could suggest that they will be using standard people tools,
and trying hard to stay unobservable in the mass of traffic.
In this sense, one could say they were using steganography,
but I think it is more useful to say they are simply staying
out of sight.
Either way, the public policy implication is to challenge
any specious claims of how we need to control XXX because
terrorists use it.  In the case of crypto, it would appear
they don't use much, and what's more, they shouldn't.
I was hoping that the 'Terrorist Encyclopedia' had made its
way to somewhere like smoking gun or cryptome by now.

@_date: 2005-01-06 13:10:31
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: AOL Help : About =?ISO-8859-1?Q?AOL=AE_PassCode?= 
By this you mean a dynamic, immediate MITM where
the attacker proxies through to the website in real
Just as a point of terms clarification, I would say that
if the attacker collects all the information by using
a copy of the site, and then logs in later at leisure
to the real site, that's an MITM.
(If he were to use that information elsewhere, so for
example creating a new credit arrangement at another
bank, then that technically wouldn't be an MITM.)
Perhaps we need a name for this:  real time MITM
versus delayed time MITM?  Batch time MITM?
The user+client has to authenticate the server.  Everything
that I've seen over the last two years seems to fall into
that one bucket.
Maybe.  But that only addresses the MITM, not the
theft of user information.

@_date: 2005-01-07 22:24:35
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: AOL Help : About =?ISO-8859-1?Q?AOL=AE_PassCode?= 
An interesting data point!
afaik, the active or dynamic MITM attack has not
been seen out in the wild.  Lots of other thing,
which lead one to suspect that it will turn up just
as soon as it is worth the trouble, but not precisely
that.  A summary here:
I agree, these advantages made me think that
we'd see the full cycle attacks sooner.  But, they
went for the simpler attack first.  I guess there's
a lesson in there for us.
I would say that this is the old saw of "you
signed for this legally" versus "what works."
In practice, depending on the institution
concerned, the model that gets put in place
is "what works" where working can be
measured by as tight or loose as the spirit
of the moment determines.
Ah so!  Bill and his browser authenticate the
website directly.  Where have we seen that
before ;-)

@_date: 2005-01-06 13:10:31
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: AOL Help : About =?ISO-8859-1?Q?AOL=AE_PassCode?= 
By this you mean a dynamic, immediate MITM where
the attacker proxies through to the website in real
Just as a point of terms clarification, I would say that
if the attacker collects all the information by using
a copy of the site, and then logs in later at leisure
to the real site, that's an MITM.
(If he were to use that information elsewhere, so for
example creating a new credit arrangement at another
bank, then that technically wouldn't be an MITM.)
Perhaps we need a name for this:  real time MITM
versus delayed time MITM?  Batch time MITM?
The user+client has to authenticate the server.  Everything
that I've seen over the last two years seems to fall into
that one bucket.
Maybe.  But that only addresses the MITM, not the
theft of user information.

@_date: 2005-01-04 20:44:11
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: AOL Help : About =?ISO-8859-1?Q?AOL=AE_PassCode?= 
OK.  So all I have to do is craft a good reason to
get people to reset their PassCode, craft it into
a phishing mail and send it out?

@_date: 2005-01-04 20:44:11
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: AOL Help : About =?ISO-8859-1?Q?AOL=AE_PassCode?= 
OK.  So all I have to do is craft a good reason to
get people to reset their PassCode, craft it into
a phishing mail and send it out?

@_date: 2005-02-08 21:47:19
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: Identity thieves can lurk at Wi-Fi spots 
Has anyone seen any case details on any of these
attacks?  The few articles I read all seemed to start
out saying it was happening, and then ended with
limp descriptions of how it *could* happen.  That is,
more FUD.
The above though seems to be a claim that it has
happened.  Now, what exactly did happen?  Was it
a hack attack?  An eavesdropping attack?  An MITM?
Was there indeed even an attack, or was it just the
software indicating a couple of funny connects?
Last year, those 2 kids were caught doing the wireless
thing in front of the hardware store - but again, what
they did was to hack (well, walk) into the systems and
install a program.
iang, still on the trail of the elusive MITM...

@_date: 2005-02-04 19:43:05
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
Right, so my point (I think) was that without some
indication that those people are ready for a nymous,
tradeable assets world, the notion of a trusted
computing base is limited to working for the
Microsofts off the world as the owners of the
content, not to users as the owners of assets.
I am having trouble with tying in "accountability"
with the above examples.  That doesn't sound like
an accountability issue in the technical sense,
that sounds like a theft problem.  In this sense,
I see two different uses of the word, and they don't
have much of a linkage.
Nymous systems are generally far more accountable
in the technical sense, simply because they give you
the tools to be absolutely sure about your statements.
A nymous account has a an audit trail that can be
traced as far as you have access to the information,
and because the audit trail is cryptographically
secured (by usage of hash and digsigs) a complete
picture can be built up.
This stands in contraposition to systems based on
blinding formulas.  That sort of issued money is
intended to be untraceable and is thus less easily
used to 'account' for everything.  Having said that,
there's no reason why a given transaction can't be
set and stabilised in stone with a digital receipt,
which then can form part of an accounting trail.
But regardless of which system is used (nymous,
blinded or POBA - plain old bank account) the
money can be stolen, statements can be hidden
and fudged, and purposes can be misrepresented,
just like any others...  If there was a reason why
these big companies didn't get into such digital
assets, I'd say it was because they hadn't
succeeded in a form that was 'feel good' enough,
as yet for them.
In which case, I'd say that they would consider
'accountability' to mean 'my accountant won't
think it strange.'

@_date: 2005-02-02 23:38:46
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
So .. the way this works is that Dell & Microsoft
ship you a computer with lots of nice multimedia
stuff on it.  You take control of your chip by erasing
it and regenerating keys, and then the multimedia
software that you paid for no longer works?
I'm just curious on this point.  I haven't seen much
to indicate that Microsoft and others are ready
for a nymous, tradeable software assets world.

@_date: 2005-02-02 23:38:46
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
So .. the way this works is that Dell & Microsoft
ship you a computer with lots of nice multimedia
stuff on it.  You take control of your chip by erasing
it and regenerating keys, and then the multimedia
software that you paid for no longer works?
I'm just curious on this point.  I haven't seen much
to indicate that Microsoft and others are ready
for a nymous, tradeable software assets world.

@_date: 2005-02-16 15:29:21
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: How to Stop Junk E-Mail: Charge for the Stamp 
My view - as controversial as ever - is that the problem
is unfixable, and mail will eventually fade away.  That
which will take its place is p2p / IM / chat / SMS based.
In that world, it is still reasonable to build ones own IM
system for the needs of ones own community, and not
to have to worry about standards.  Which means one can
build in the defences that are needed, when they are
Chat is already higher volume (I read somewhere) in
raw quantity of messages sent than email.
A fate for email is that as spam grows to take over more
of the share of the shrinking pie, but consumes more of
the bandwidth, the ISPs will start to charge people for
email, and not for IM.  Those left paying for it are going
to discover it is cheaper to ditch it and let the spammers
fight over the shreds.  That's just one plausible future,

@_date: 2005-03-29 14:17:59
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: how email encryption should work 
Hi James,
I read that last night, and was still musing on it...
For clarity reasons, I think you mean that the
default should be to not invoke the 'extra stuff'
on automagic creation, rather than "do nothing"
which is in fact what users get today - nothing.
Concur.  The notion that a user needs a cert
from anyone else for the purpose of email is
wrong;  this doesn't mean denying them so they
can take part in corporate nets for example,
but that ordinary users in ordinary email will
not get much benefit from certs signed by other
I would put this in the "extra stuff" category,
and not in the default category.
The reason is that it creates a dependency on a
server that might not exist and even if a good
idea, will take a while to prove itself.
The problem I've discovered with this is that the
signing of mail is (I suggest) not a good idea
unless you have a good idea what the signature
means.  I've not seen anywhere where it sets out
what a signature means for S/MIME.  For OpenPGP
the signature is strictly undefined by the code,
so that's a better situation - it means whatever
you want it to mean.
Which means that most people under most circumstances
should not send most emails out signed.  Which sort
of makes "signed emails" a poor carrier pigeon for a
key exchange.
(I don't have a solution to this - just pointing
out what I see as a difficulty.  The workaround is
that the user turns off signing and has to send
an explicit blank signed email as a key exchange
message.  Clumsy.)
(One possibility is to put the cert in headers.)
Yes this would help a lot.  Any petname set should
be displayed distinctly from the default name.
(Oh, as a nitpick, a default address is not a petname,
it's just a default name.  A petname has to be set by
the user to exist.)
Right, the UI could do a lot to show what is possible
by shading the various email addresses or adding little
icons to indicate their encryptability state.
I had an entertaining read of the paper on Naive
Sign & Encrypt last night.  There are a lot of
issues in how signatures are combined with encryption,
I don't think this is a solved issue by any means
when it comes to email.
See caveat about signing above.  I certainly agree
that any message that can be encrypted should be
If you thought that the threat was changing emails
etc etc then it might be possible to create a cert
that could just be used for message integrity and
stick some tag in there that says "message integrity
only purposes."  Then, as long as the client at the
other end said "this message was delivered without
change" instead of "this message was signed" then
this might work.
When cryptograpers say a message is signed, users
think that a message has been signed....  getting
around that confusion is quite hard.
Yes, the model for an unobtrusive message is the
red cross alert bars added in Firefox these days.
They solve the popup nightmare quite nicely.

@_date: 2009-02-24 00:31:53
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: SHA-3 Round 1: Buffer Overflows 
How can that be?  If you don't know the reason to provide the C, how can you argue that it has to be of a "reasonable quality" ?  What's the security / business / purpose / anything model here?
Well, this is all good and fine if there is a purpose to this code that needs the above.  But this is a *competition for an algorithm.*  So far, quality of code is not anything more than a distraction;  if I recall the last time, the first AES contender was broken out before the end of its presentation at the first conference!
OK, I admit here, I do not know why there is C at all.  Thinking back to my Java/AES experiences, I don't recall why there was code, either.  I can only hypothesise that it increased exposure, and gave a little bit more experience, also a sense of "proving it is at least minimally (Luckily, Java makes writing "reasonable quality" code easy, so I didn't have to answer it.  I recall that Rijndael team was very lucky to have good solid C help though.)
This is their lookout.  Frankly, this is taking code and placing it on a pedestal.  If these "people" go download stuff from the net and build it into security implementations, well, they need to do a little "risk management" about what stuff found on the net is all about.
OK, here I can comment:  I would predict most of the performance discussions are likely to be based on hardware issues.  They will be talking about gate counts and so forth, and if they get "soft" they'll be talking about instruction cycles and register sizes.  The C code won't really help there, and the Java will likely be totally ignored.
(YMMV, of course.)
Then a little more won't hurt :)  Let them have their fun;  once we get to the last round (5 algorithms?) then make it better.

@_date: 2009-02-23 20:44:31
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: SHA-3 Round 1: Buffer Overflows 
No controversy there.
It is certainly appreciated that work is put in to improve the implementations during the competition (my group did something similar for the Java parts of AES, so I know how much work it can be).
However I think it is not really efficient at this stage to insist on secure programming for submission implementations.  For the simple reason that there are 42 submissions, and 41 of those will be thrown away, more or less.  There isn't much point in making the 41 secure; better off to save the energy until "the one" is found.  Then concentrate the energy, no?

@_date: 2009-02-23 20:44:31
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: SHA-3 Round 1: Buffer Overflows 
No controversy there.
It is certainly appreciated that work is put in to improve the implementations during the competition (my group did something similar for the Java parts of AES, so I know how much work it can be).
However I think it is not really efficient at this stage to insist on secure programming for submission implementations.  For the simple reason that there are 42 submissions, and 41 of those will be thrown away, more or less.  There isn't much point in making the 41 secure; better off to save the energy until "the one" is found.  Then concentrate the energy, no?

@_date: 2009-03-23 15:44:59
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: When the Economy Really Did =?windows-1252?Q?=91Fall_Off_?= 
Or, they would amass the resources to take over the government, and control the system (both political and financial) to protect themselves, and thus ensure the next crash.
The problem with this entire libertarian wetdream is that asking anyone to keep his fingers out of the pie is simply against human nature.
I think it an open question as to whether "the government" fixes any real crash ... of course they run around in circles and declare victory as fast as they can talk.  But do they fix anything?  Do they ever make anything better?  I can think of one positive law / fix in recent history, being SB1386.  That stands out like a sore thumb, everything else has been wasteful or made things worse.

@_date: 2009-10-23 14:28:44
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: EU Directive makes it easier to print e-money 
The eMoney directive (1994) was originally written at the desire of the banks to clobber Digicash and the like.  The Bundesbank led the charge by more or less writing it so that "emoney is reserved for banks (or approximations)."  There was stiff opposition from Britain, Netherlands and one other (Denmark?), and the compromise that Bundesbank agreed to was that an institution could be "not a bank" in name but the barriers were preserved.  IOW, an elephant, with huge inputs in capital, huge outputs in pollution and no value to the ecosystem.
This was all justified on "monetary policy" which I showed to be just marketing blather in an old paper here:
In which I more or less predicted it would fail and issuance would be done in USA.
Then, in late 1990s, the reality was reaching even the EU in that the original concept was a failure so the committee proceeded to rewrite it.   That's all it needs, right?  Of course, they had no actual experience in eMoney, they were a bunch of bureaucrats learning by watching what was happening in the press.  Still with the banks behind them, and the impending euro to make them nervous, they essentially enjoyed a market-learning process in a committee, and predictably came out with the camel of 2000.
This camel of course failed, and as the Paypal, webmoney and e-gold models showed themselves, they slowly came to the realisation that their camel had to be downsized.  Now they have a shetland pony.  It's nice and tight, definately cute, and probably doesn't eat more than is needed.  There is probably a niche for them in the shetlands.
It's actually almost doable, on paper, but would you want to take that risk?  Why would you want to?  The total equation is still impractical, and you are better off issuing eMoney (both inside and outside their definition) somewhere else.

@_date: 2010-07-29 06:18:25
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Introduction, plus: Open Transactions -- digital cash 
Hi Bob,
Sorry to get your hopes up ... Just reading the words below not the code:  it is basically modelled on the SOX/Ricardo concepts, AFAICS.
As you know, the SOX concept used (PGP) keys to make an account with the server/issuer Ivan, or a long term persistent relationship, call them Alice and Bob.  DigiCash also had something like this too, it's essential for application robustness.
The simplest payments metaphor then is a signed instruction to transfer from Alice to Bob, which Ivan follows by issuing a signed receipt.  What you'd call double entry, but in Ricardo is distinct enough to deserve the monika triple-entry (not triple-signed, that is something different, another possible innovation).
Then, the blinding formula/transaction is simply a replacement for the standard payments tranaction above:  Alice withdraws a coin from Ivan, sends it to Bob, who deposits it with Ivan.
(Ricardo had Wagner too from around 2001, and like this author, had a path to add Chaum, with future extension to Brands.  The code for Chaum was mostly written, but wasn't factored correctly...)
Another possible clue:  the author has obviously taken on board the lessons of the Ricardian Contract form, and put that in there (albeit in XML).  I find that very encouraging, even the guys from DigiCash never understood that one!  So I'm guessing that they have studied their stuff.
BTW, FTR, I do not know who this is.
Lucre was 1-2k lines.  Ones heart beats blood into thin air until there is another 1-2 orders of body parts built on...  This is looking much more like that 1-2 orders of magnitude down the track.

@_date: 2010-07-29 06:18:25
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Introduction, plus: Open Transactions -- digital cash library 
Hi Bob,
Sorry to get your hopes up ... Just reading the words below not the code:  it is basically modelled on the SOX/Ricardo concepts, AFAICS.
As you know, the SOX concept used (PGP) keys to make an account with the server/issuer Ivan, or a long term persistent relationship, call them Alice and Bob.  DigiCash also had something like this too, it's essential for application robustness.
The simplest payments metaphor then is a signed instruction to transfer from Alice to Bob, which Ivan follows by issuing a signed receipt.  What you'd call double entry, but in Ricardo is distinct enough to deserve the monika triple-entry (not triple-signed, that is something different, another possible innovation).
Then, the blinding formula/transaction is simply a replacement for the standard payments tranaction above:  Alice withdraws a coin from Ivan, sends it to Bob, who deposits it with Ivan.
(Ricardo had Wagner too from around 2001, and like this author, had a path to add Chaum, with future extension to Brands.  The code for Chaum was mostly written, but wasn't factored correctly...)
Another possible clue:  the author has obviously taken on board the lessons of the Ricardian Contract form, and put that in there (albeit in XML).  I find that very encouraging, even the guys from DigiCash never understood that one!  So I'm guessing that they have studied their stuff.
BTW, FTR, I do not know who this is.
Lucre was 1-2k lines.  Ones heart beats blood into thin air until there is another 1-2 orders of body parts built on...  This is looking much more like that 1-2 orders of magnitude down the track.
