
@_date: 2002-06-13 03:14:36
@_author: ADV 
@_subject: (ADV) OTCBB: XCNT   A Company On The Rise 
Untitled Document
 The Wall Street =
 THE COMPANY: XENICENT INC. (OTCBB: =
     SYMBOL:XCNT
     52 WEEK HIGH: $2.50
     *INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY COMPANY
     52 WEEK LOW: $0.15
     *LED DISPLAY SYSTEMS
     MARKET CAP: $7.5M
     *STRATEGIC MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS
     APPROX. FLOAT: $.4M
     RECENT PRICE: $0.50
 Company Background
 Dear Investors, Traders, and Speculators:
XENICENT INC. (OTCBB: XCNT) IS UNDER OUR RADAR THIS
    WEEK. The Company, develops, invests in, and operates technology
    and land development related companies within the US, China,
    and Taiwan. XCNT's immediate strategy is to accelerate
    the success of its technology division by acquisitions and development.=
XCNT recently announced the signing of a definitive agreement
    under which the Company will acquire a 60% interest in Giantek,
    a Taiwanese corporation for U.S. distribution of Giantek's LED
    Display Systems and additional Giantek proprietary technologies.
    "By joining forces with Giantek, we will accelerate our
    entry into attractive new technology markets, and
    add critical breadth to our line of innovative products,"
    Said CEO Duane Bennett of Xenicent. As a result of this important
    acquisition, XCNT will receive exclusive rights to market Giantek's
    products within the United States. Giantek reported over
    $2 million in revenues for 2001, has approximately $3 million
    in assets and currently employs a workforce of 30 employees.
 XCNT Growth Strategy
 IN THE NEAR FUTURE, management will announce
    its new strategy to capitalize on the growing technology sector
    exploding in Asia. Xenicent has assembled an outstanding team
    of management personnel, all with proven leadership and management
    skills in working with larger "hyper-growth" companies.
    The Company's strategy includes the internal development and
    operation of subsidiaries within the XCNT family, as well
    as investment in additional technology companies directly, and
    through other venture capital arrangements.
THE MOST EXTRAORDINARY ASPECT OF XCNT IS THE OPPORTUNITY IT
    PROVIDES by the limited amount of shares within the public
    float now available for individual investors. It has been our
    experience, that as word gets around the street of new technologies
    being acquired by Xenicent Inc., limited shares, (presently under
    1M), USUALLY causes rapid price increase as increased
    buying occurs in these type of smallcap bulletin board companies.=
 Conclusion
     IN MANAGEMENT'S OPINION, XCNT at a present price
    of .50 cents a share, will in the short term increase its per
    market share by its current strategic objective of acquisition
    targets within the technology field. The Xenicent Technology
    family of companies is expected to increase dramatically…hence
    greater revenues equals price appreciation.
    The Wallstreetalerts.com Equity Report and Wall Street Strategies,
    Inc. is an independent research and investor relations firm paid
    for electronic dissemination of company information, and in some
    cases, for consulting services. All statements and expressions
    are meant to be an independent analysis and relies on information
    supplied by sources believed to be reliable and are not meant
    to be a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell, or hold
    securities. Wwallstreetalerts.com or Wall Street Strategies,
    Inc. are not registered investment advisors or a broker dealer.
    While it is our goal to feature equity investments in micro or
    small capitalization companies that have the potential for long-term
    appreciation, investments in the companies reviewed are considered
    to be a high risk and use of the information provided is at the
    investor's sole risk. Wallstreetalerts.com and Wall Street Strategies,
    Inc. has been retained as a consultant to Xenicent Inc. and has
    been remunerated by XCNT or its shareholders for investor relation
    services in the amount of 50,000 shares to date. Wall Street
    Strategies, Inc., or its affiliates, agents and/or relatives
    thereof may have interests or positions in equity securities
    of the companies reviewed in this bulletin, some or all of which
    may have been acquired prior to the dissemination of this report,
    and may increase or decrease these positions at any time. Investments
    in smallcap companies are generally deemed to be highly speculative
    and to involve substantial risk, making it appropriate for readers
    to consult with professional investment advisors and to make
    independent investigation
If you wish to
    unsubscribe from our mailing list, please Click <mailto:remove
    Here or call us at 1-866-667-5399, or write to us at: NOUNCE1,
    6822 22nd Ave. N, St. Petersburg, FL 33710-3918
 OTCBB: XCNT
