
@_date: 2002-03-30 03:30:28
@_author: Free for 60 Days 
@_subject: Low Cost (Free for 60 Days) Computer Trading Broadcast Site 
LOW COST COMPUTER INVENTORY POSTING & EMAIL BROADCASTING SITE
Fellow Traders:
I have previously broadcasted and/or posted inventory on websites including:
CCICLS, ATC, Vendorbase,Tradeloop, The Computer Exchange among others.
Where they have all been reputable and have given me exactly what they said they would
the cost ranges from $79-$149 per month and all I have basically paid for is
the privilege to post / source product and email broadcast.
Below is information on a site that does the above for $29.95 and also offers:
Inspection Services, Purchase Order Funding, Freight Options, Escrow
Services, Warehousing, Credit Reports, unlimited domestic business
telephone service ($99.95/ mo), Medical Dental Plan, and Vehicle Leasing.
ie to plug in to the ancillary services, the site is providing inventory posting/sourcing
and email broadcasting at 38%-79% LESS THAT WHAT WE PRESENTLY PAY!
THE INSPECTION SERVICE IS WORTH IT ALONE ! I am tired of having product constantly
misrepresented to me. This one feature could protect us all.
TBN's URL is:  please take a look and hopefully a test drive (FREE FOR 60 DAYS)
One other incentive..... If you will test drive TBN (60 Days for Free), I'll send you a list of our competitor's
URL's so you can make your own informed decision.  To receive our listing of known competitors,
after signing up on  go to the "Contact US" tab and I'll send you our list w/ URL's.
 Traders Broadcast Network
 Michael Schaufeld
 o) (540) 882-4022
 f) (540) 882-3778
 URL:  email: mike
To remove your email address from this broadcast list, please reply with the word "REMOVE" in the subject line.

@_date: 2004-07-20 19:54:40
@_author: Traders Broadcast Network 
@_subject: 60 Days Trial Use of A Low Cost Computer Broadcast Site 
60 Days Free Use of a Low Cost Computer Broadcast and Inventory
Posting Site
                                 60
Days Trial Use of a Low Cost Computer Broadcast and Inventory Posting Site
Dear Fellow Computer Trader: You have been selected for a Complimentary 60 Day Test Drive on Traders
Broadcast Network. Then only $34.95 / month.  We are asking your
permission to send you examples of our broadcasts from our 3400+ members. YOUR
PAYMENT INFORMATION IS NOT REQUIRED AT THIS TIME, JUST SEND AND RECEIVE
BROADCASTS . Traders Broadcast Network (TBN) has been connecting buyers and sellers of
computer equipment since 2001. When you join TBN, you will have the opportunity
to buy, sell and trade computer equipment with resellers, leasing companies,
recycling firms, asset management companies, maintenance companies, and
brokerages from all over the world.
TBNs Broadcast lists (in alphabetical order): banking, compaq, components, dec, dell, europe, hp, ibm, monitors-terminals,
network, notebook, pc, pos, printers, software, storage, sun, telcom, and 
"closeouts" list for non computer products. If you wish to take a Free 60 Day Test Drive under no obligation reply
with  "Yes=Real Time"  or Yes=Digest in the subject line.
We will add your email address to our PC broadcast list, send you broadcast
instructions (broadcasts may be sent directly from your email program) and send
you instructions for subscribing to our other lists shown above. At any time
that you wish to be removed, starting with this email, simply reply with the
word "REMOVE" in the subject line For Real Time Broadcasts, reply with "Yes=Real Time" In the Subject
Line. For Digest Mode Broadcasts, reply with  "Yes=DIGEST"  
In the Subject Line. After 60 days, we will contact you for payment information. We charge 34.95 per
month for posting inventory and unlimited sending and receiving of computer
rfq's (requests for quotations) and offers. We also offer you computer
inspections from over 45,000 professional inspectors anywhere in the U.S
($85/hr), Purchase Order Funding, (minimum $20,000-see web site for details  ), Unlimited LD
Telephone Service ($79/month-see web site for details  ) plus numerous
other services. ie. To get you to plug in to our ancillary services, we offer
the posting and broadcasting services at cost. Profitable Trading, Traders Broadcast Network o) 410-263-7513 f)  443-267-1598
email: info AOL IM: ProfessionalTrdr Our records indicate we have your permission to send email to the following address: cypherpunks you wish to not receive any more emails from us, click here or go to:
