
@_date: 2002-03-03 08:36:27
@_author: Bay Crossings 
@_subject: The Pony Express Flies Again! 
Bay Crossings.com
Incorporating New York Harbor Crossings
Volume 3, Number 2   /   March 2002
Alcatraz Darkly: Unconventional Alcatraz: by Day and by Night…
Bill Coolidge’s Bay Crossings Journal…
Alameda-Oakland Ferry to Cut Service…
Bay Environment: Port Sonoma Marina: Wildlife Refuge of Transit Hub?…
Reader of the Month…
Angel Island Recalls Its Military History…
Cover Story: The Pony Express Flies Again…
New York Report: News from the Metropolitan Waterfront Alliance…
New York Report: Reasonable Waters…
New York Report: New York Harbor History…
Checkin’ Out Vallejo’s Flyway Festival…
WTA Pages: Bridge Toll Increases Put to the Test…
Working Waterfront: Angel Island’s Donna Doran…
Delta Kappa Gamma Society International Reaches Out
Letters to the Editor
San Francisco Bay Master Mariners Benevolent Association Announces Calendar of Events
A Guide to San Francisco Bay Ferries (and what to do when you get there)...
Water Transit Authority  WTA
On the Cover
The Pony Express, like the Internet boom, lasted only 18 months and lost money, but unlike the Internet boom the Pony Express is fondly remembered. It’s trailblazing – literally – tradition of connecting the far-flung American West with the rest of the country is carried on by an air courier company operating out of Oakland International Airport. Meet the modern Pony Express riders.   Go to Article »
New York Report We’re a hit in New York!  Thanks to New York editor John Bollinger – and 60,000 people a day riding ferries into Manhattan in the wake of 9/11 — we’re doing boffo business on the Great White Way: every issue snapped up and over 100,000 hits a day to our website from New Yorkers!  This month, John and his team look at water transit planning for the tri-state area (that’s New Jersey, New York and Connecticut) and tugboat history.  We also welcome New York’s Metropolitan Waterfront Alliances’ monthy report.  Go to Article »
Happy Poll Results for San Francisco Bay Ferry Plans
The results are in and they look good for ferry service.  The WTA commmisiioned a comprehensive survey of Bay Area votes to learn what and how much they want in the way of expanded public transit and ferry service specifically.   Go to Article »
Checkin’ Out Vallejo’s Flyway Festival
Nancy Salcedo gives her account of attending Vallejo’s popular San Francisco Bay Flyway Festival and gets up close and personal with the birds and untapped natural beauty of Mare Island, part of Vallejo’s waterfront junction with the North Bay.  Go to Article »
PREVIOUS ISSUE
February 2002
Bay Crossings P.O. Box 747 Alameda, CA  94501
V 510-351-3113  /  F 925-215-2520
Email: info
