
@_date: 2002-08-06 19:05:39
@_author: "A1 Web Design" 
@_subject: Are YOU looking for a new website, to develop an existing website, for cheaper hosting or domain nam 
We can help YOU to develop a new or existing website or even provide cheaper
hosting and domain names.
Remove instructions below.
We are a UK based company who can offer YOU our considerable experience and
expertise in the field of website design, eCommerce development, all types
of web hosting, any domain name available and search engine positioning with
excellent  prices while maintaining a personal service tailored for YOU.
More details at We can offer you cheaper solutions for YOUR website design, both new and
updated sites undertaken from £100 or $150, website hosting from £60 or $90
per year, domain name registration from £10 or $15 per year, secure server
space and security certificates from £50 or $75 per year, full professional
after sales service, marketing tips and advice free to our clients, top
ranking search engine positioning and email marketing available.
We can also help you market your business in the UK and Europe.
All of our websites are custom designed to meet our client's requirements
and are our best advert. Please ask to see our portfolio.
Our hosting services are independently tested on a daily basis and are
consistently in the top of the performance listings of all the major ISP
hosting companies in the UK.
Most of our clients prefer to discuss their requirements by telephone,
please send us a contact telephone number, together with a best time to call
you and we will phone you shortly to discuss your needs in more detail.
Alternatively, please ask for more details by replying to this email for a
prompt response.
We look forward to hearing from you.
You can be assured that this email is sent in compliance with strict
anti-abuse and NO SPAM regulations. Your address was collected as a result
of posting to a link, a classified ad, a message to my FFA Page, you have
sent me an E-mail recently, or you are on a list that I have purchased.
TO REMOVE: If your email address was used without your permission or you no
longer want to receive email from us, we apologise for any inconvenience
caused and ask that you simply reply to this email putting REMOVE as the
