
@_date: 2002-01-03 23:09:47
@_author: check all that apply 
@_subject: Fresh, Cost-effective Leads For Your MLM or Business Opportunity 
If You're Marketing a Product, Service or MLM/Opportunity You Will Definitely Be Interested In What We Have To Offer.   Start Generating As Many ORDERS and/or SIGN-UPS as You Can Handle!
 We currently have discounts on 3 advertising programs:
Phone Qualfied Business Opportunity Leads:  What we do here is CALL people who are already on a list of  prospects who have responded to a business opportunity ad in the  past, and we INTERVIEW THEM over the phone and acquire the  following information from them:
 Name
 Phone Number
 Best time to call
 Email Address
 State
 Monthly Income Goal
 Hours They Can Work Per Week
 How Soon They Can Start
 The Reason They Want To Work From Home
 The Amount They Can Invest
 After we've finished asking them the above, we tell them to  expect to be contacted by 3 or 4 people offering business
 opportunities, and we'll offer an endorsement of your opportunity!
 We then close the call and submit this information to a web-
 interface that, when submitted, emails you the lead information
 within MINUTES of the call taking place!  This is everything you
 need in a lead.  They're fresh, targeted, qualified and cost-
 effective.
Targeted Email - Pay Per Email Sent:  You'll have a fresh  targeted list extracted and compiled  based on your target  market.  We'll create the email ad for you.  We'll email out  your ad to the targeted list and forward you the replies via
 email as they come in.  We filter all responses through our
 own email accounts.  No flames, complaints or headaches.  Extremely cost-effective, targeted email advertising!
Targeted Email - Platinum Email List: We have an  IN-HOUSE List of people who have responded by email  to various ads, such as business opportunities, business  products and  services, as well as health/nutritional products  and other consumer products.  Naturally, as these people  have responded to ads in the past, this is a pretty responsive  list!  These people have "raised their hand" indicating a very
 specific interest in your type of offer!
When you work with us, here's what you get:
 - Fresh, targeted, qualified leads!
 - Free Ad Copy!
 - Free Target Market Research!
 - Free Database Setup and Maintenance
 - Free email sending, reply filtering, and reply forwarding
 - Free Referral Program!
 And...
  .... Free Unlimited Personalized Marketing Support!!  Contact Us To Discuss Increasing Your Business Cash Flow
        Submit The Following Information And You'll Receive The Full Details And Discount Pricing Shortly
Phone Number:
Best Time To Call:
Website URL:
Business Type:
"Yes!  Please send details and discount pricing on the following programs!" (check all that apply):
 Phone Qualified Business Opportunity Leads
 Targeted Email - Pay Per Email Sent
 Targeted Email - Platinum Email List CALL For Details and Discount Pricing
Toll Free:  1-866-853-8319  ext. 1
(24 Hours)
Or, Send Email To:
==>  LeadGeneration2<==
 Start Generating As Many ORDERS and/or SIGN-UPS as You Can Handle!
To unsubscribe Click Here
