
@_date: 2004-11-27 04:44:02
@_author: R 
@_subject: ATTN: Legal Rights for Vioxx Users - Forward to Someone You Know 
Untitled Document
***ATTENTION VIOXX
Over 85
million people who have taken this drug may be at risk. Are you one
of them? If so, YOU might be entitled to monetary
damages. MERCK(R) has
withdrawn Vioxx from the market due to its use being
linked to heart attacks;
strokes; and even death in some cases. Fill out this form today to
see if you are eligible for a settlement. Takes 30 seconds.
Click Here for More
Information on Your Legal Rights!
Recent Merril Lynch Financial
Estimates Project Over $17.6 Billion
in Compensation Damage Settlements
Will be Paid Out Within the Next 10 Years to Vioxx Side Effect
You May be Entitled To a
Minimum Cash Settlement Between $100,000 & $300,000!
Click Here for More
Information on Your Legal Rights!
In general, types of damages
sought against Merck may include general and compensatory damages
for: past and future physical
pain and suffering, mental
anguish and physical impairment;
past and future medical,
incidental and hospital expenses;
and past and future loss of
earnings and earning capacity and more
Click Here for More
Information on Your Legal Rights!
Click Here to discontinue receiving further promotions
Send all remove requests to:MarketReaxtion, 2313 Fremont Place, 2nd Floor, Pittsburgh, PA, 15216
This carefully selected email message is being sent to you by opting in for it
or you have opted in from one of our many diverse partner web sites. If
you wish not to receive these valuable messages anymore Please hit the
un-subscribe link below and un-subscribe your email. We are
compliant with the CSA of 2003. All third party products and services promoted
in this email are offered exclusively by third party advertisers. We make no
representations or warranties with respect to these ads and all the sole
claims for injury and damage related to such ads are responsibility of the advertiser To Un-Subscribe
It will take 48 hours for your request to take effect
You may also send a letter to the below address to be un-subscribed from our list
5433 N. University Drive
Lauderhill, FL 33351
