
@_date: 2002-02-26 06:35:11
@_author: "Your Insider" 
@_subject: Signaling the End of the Bear Market 
Signaling the End of the Bear Market
Last December it appeared that the bear market was over. Then Enron collapsed, sending the market south. It shocked many, but not everyone. For quite some time, well-informed investors were aware of the grave state of corporate accounting and its eroding morals, and have been acting on it. The accounting jitters are far from over. A recent poll of corporate CFOs showed that 55% of respondents feel the pressure to "dress up" the reporting results. We are convinced this number is much closer to 100% than it is to 50%, and now we are probably not alone in fearing this. The Crisis of Credibility has put the stock market in the intensive-care unit, while the economy is already on its way out of the hospital.
 Our assessment is that this is only the beginning of shock therapy. Many of the High Growth companies have been put on the Wall Street's List of Suspects. And no legendary or respected reputation will help here. Could some of your holdings be on that list? Click here to find out!
 What to make out of all this?
 We anticipate a unique set of circumstances is about to materialize, as a result of which a huge divergence between the state of economy and stock prices will emerge. This divergence can’t last very long. The stock prices will have to eventually catch up with the growing economy. The wider the divergence, the greater the next market run-up will be.  Thus, in the next few months investors will be presented with a historically rare kind of opportunity to make big profits in a short period of time. The key is to know when the right time to jump in is. There are many signals, which we use to help determine the timing. Here are some that we’d like to share with you:
We'd like to see the shock therapy in a   full swing – many more accounting bombs should   go off on the stock market.
The financial media, who is always   behind the curve, must dismiss the "Buy and Hold" strategy as a useless   strategy for the future.
Contrarian psychological   indicators must turn deeply   bearish.
Another key sign that will point to the   end of the bear market will be huge sparks of volume activity suggesting that   the institutions have started their process of accumulation.  don’t forget that the recession is the best time to invest!
Click here to learn about many other indispensable signals that every savvy investor simply cannot ignore.
This message is sent in       compliance of the e-mail bill: Senate bill 1618,
      Title 3 Section 301. Per Section 301, Paragraph (a)(2)(C) of S.1618,
      Passed by Senate, May 12, 1998.
Questions? Comments?       Suggestions? Please help us respond to your requests and input by writing       to us at: info       instead of replying to this message (we sent this to you from a       "send-only" mailbox).  If you would like to       unsubscribe from future mailings please click here
©2000-2002 Silverstream       Capital Management, LLC.  All rights reserved. Web Design by Sonet Group Co.
