
@_date: 2004-11-10 13:20:53
@_author: ASAS 
@_subject: The International WorkBoat Show 
Untitled Document
The International WorkBoat Show is the best opportunity of the year to keep your finger on the pulse of this ever-changing industry. With nearly 1000 exhibitors and visitors from 48 states and 42 countries this is THE gathering place for the North American maritime market.   Reward yourself or your employees today with a visit to North America’s largest commercial marine event and experience the advantages of the International WorkBoat Show. * FREE REGISTRATION IS NOW AVAILABLE ON THE WEB!
Simply register using this promotional code and save the $30 registration fee: 9985. It’s that easy! Click here now to go directly to the registration page. * Meet national and international companies exhibiting for the first time at the International WorkBoat Show. A complete list of first year exhibitors is available - look for the anchor symbol next to first time exhibitors. Plan your visit in advance, view the full exhibitor list and booth numbers here: * The 2004 International WorkBoat Show and Conference is once again expected to be the industry's largest gathering of marine professionals and suppliers of marine-related equipment. This year's program offers something for everyone involved in the workboat industry. Here’s a sample of what will be heard at the conferences this year. For a complete schedule visit: * Free Keynote Address Wednesday, December 1
The speaker will be Richard Huber, Chief Executive Officer, American Commercial Lines LLC. In his address, Huber will discuss the current health of the inland barge market, current demand and construction of barges and what the future holds for the industry. Huber will also address recent issues affecting the inland waterways system, including lock and dam infrastructure, current delays and potential impacts the reduced Corps of Engineers budget may have on these areas. * Maritime Security Training Sessions Wednesday, December 1 & Thursday, December 2
Rigid Inflatable Boats: Advantages & Disadvantages of RIBS in Protecting Your Vessel and Facility
Realistic Onboard Security Training - Understanding Maritime Terrorist Threats & MARSEC Levels * Technical Sessions Wednesday, December 1 & Thursday, December 2
Diesel Electric Propulsion: New Technology
 Advanced Ship Autopilot System (ASAS): Quantitative Assessment of Fuel Savings
 3-D Modeling Technology for Second Tier Shipyards
 Electrical Systems: Working with Marine Databus Systems
 Electrical Systems for Small to Medium Sized Boats
Dynamic Positioning for Marine Vessels  Whether you’ve visited in the past or this is your first opportunity to catch the show, this is one industry event you’ve got to see to believe. Save $30 by registering online now with this numeric value code: 9985
Click here to use our simple online registration form:         Badges will no longer be mailed in advance of the show. Provide your email or fax when registering to receive your badge number for express pick-up at the show.
The International WorkBoat Show
        December 1-3, 2004
        Ernest N. Morial Convention Center
        New Orleans, Louisiana USA
        (800) 454-3007 or (972) 620-3036
To exhibit: (207) 842-5666
Leaving our list? The International WorkBoat Show makes every effort to send you only information we believe you will find useful. We apologize if this information is no longer valuable to you. Please bear in mind that removal from our list is permanent. You will no longer be eligible for special offers and promotions. Still want to be removed? Please email your request to cmmarketing Your request will be processed promptly.
THIS MESSAGE WAS SENT BY MARITIME GLOBAL NET (MGN) AS A SERVICE TO OUR SUBSCRIBERS. TO BE REMOVED FROM OUR MGN EMAIL DISTRIBUTION LIST, VISIT:
YOU CAN ALSO CONTACT US DIRECTLY AT:
MARITIME GLOBAL NET
PO BOX 207
BRISTOL, RHODE ISLAND 02809 USA
TEL: (401)247-7780
FAX: (401)247-7756
THANK YOU.
EMAIL: cypherpunks
