
@_date: 2004-10-27 16:33:49
@_author: "Isonics Corporation" 
@_subject: Isonics Hires Aviation Security Expert for Homeland Security Division 
Isonics Hires Aviation Security Expert for Homeland Security Division
  ISONICS CORPORATION NAMES CHARLES E. MINTER DIRECTOR OF
              COMMERCIALIZATION FOR HOMELAND SECURITY AND DEFENSE DIVISION    Aviation Security and Advanced Medical Products Specialist to Accelerate Market
and Other Homeland Security Technologies  GOLDEN, CO (Oct. 27, 2004) – Isonics Corporation (NASDAQ: ISON), committed to the development of next-generation technology for the homeland security and semiconductor markets, has appointed product marketing veteran Charles E. Minter to the post of Director of Commercialization for the Company’s Homeland Security and Defense division. The appointment was announced by James E. Alexander, Isonics Chairman and CEO.
      Mr. Minter will direct the commercialization of Isonics’ NeutroTest™ explosive detection prototype for the civilian and military markets, as well as all other products and services the Company will develop or acquire through its Homeland Security and Defense division. Mr. Minter will start work on November 1st.
“Isonics is fully committed to making our prototype NeutroTest™ explosive detection device commercially available at the earliest possible time. We believe Charles Minter’s background and expertise will be a key factor in accelerating the NeutroTest™ prototype from the laboratory to the marketplace, where technology like this is so desperately needed,” said Mr. Alexander. “There is a critical need worldwide for effective explosive detection products that can help law enforcement, transportation and other first responders to safely and quickly evaluate packages and suitcases for the presence of concealed bombs and explosives.”
      Mr. Minter has extensive experience in business and regulatory aspects of the delivery of high technology and security products to the market. His professional background includes several years as manager of marketing, sales and deployment activities for markets on three continents for Invision Technologies, Inc., a maker of proprietary intelligence and aviation security technology. He was Vice President, Business Development and Field Operations for Cardiovascular Ventures Inc., the world’s foremost provider of stand-alone cardio pulmonary facilities. Mr. Minter was Vice President, Operations and Regulatory Affairs for Vital Imaging Inc., a diagnostic medical company. He served as Chief Operations Officer and Vice President, Programs and Regulatory Affairs for MedAcoustics Inc., involved in the conversion of military defense technology into applications for health care and industrial uses. He most recently served as a consultant for governments and high-technolo!
gy companies worldwide.
“I’m very pleased to be joining Isonics. The members of the management team are seasoned professionals with a long track record of bringing high-technology to the marketplace,” said Mr. Minter. “I’m eager to get involved with an important product such as NeutroTest™, and I look forward to working on other new products and technologies that Isonics will attempt to bring to the homeland security marketplace.”
About Isonics Corporation
      Isonics Corporation has three business divisions: (1) Isonics Semiconductor, (2) Isonics Life Sciences, and (3) Homeland Security and Defense. Isonics is a world leader in isotopically engineered materials and through its semiconductor division produces isotopically pure silicon-28 chemicals and wafers for the semiconductor industry. Through advances in nanotechnology, the Company is also focused on research and development opportunities for further, value-added product and application development. Isonics' Life Sciences division markets and sells stable isotopes for the health care industry such as carbon-13 for diagnostic breath tests and drug design, and radioisotopes and stable isotopes, such as oxygen-18 for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging. Stable isotopes can be thought of as ultra pure materials. This high degree of purification provides enhanced properties as compared to natural materials. Our efforts in the Homeland Security segment a!
re nascent at the present time as we proceed to develop further our neutron-based detection technologies. Additional information may be obtained at the Company's Web site at  A presentation about Isonics’ NeutroTest™ explosive detection prototype can be found at  A video demonstrating the functioning NeutroTest prototype can be viewed at       Cautionary Statement       Except for historical information contained herein, this document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company's actual results or outcomes to be materially different from those anticipated and discussed herein. Further, the Company operates in industries where securities values may be volatile and may be influenced by regulatory and other factors beyond the Company's control. Other important factors that the Company believes might cause such differences are discussed in the risk factors detailed in the Company's 10-KSB for the year ended April 30, 2004, and its quarterly report on Form 10-QSB for the three months ended July 31, 2004, both as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which include the Company's historical cash flow difficulties, dependence on significant customers, and rapid developmen!
t of technology, among other risks.. In assessing forward-looking statements contained herein, readers are urged to carefully read all cautionary statements contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Isonics cautions investors that there are currently no commercial NeutroTest products, and no guarantee there will be. Isonics has made no NeutroTest sales and no government agency or other person has expressed an interest in purchasing NeutroTest. There can be no assurance that Isonics will be able to manufacture the NeutroTest for the market at a cost and with capabilities that meet the needs of prospective customers.
      This announcement may contain forward-looking statements made by senior management of Isonics that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions or future events. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and performances, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Actual future results and trends may differ materially from those made in--or suggested by--statements made in this announcement due to a variety of factors. Consequently, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements made in this announcement. For more information about Isonics and risks arising from investing in Isonics, you are directed to the Company's most recent Form 10-KSB filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.     Contact:
Isonics Corporation       James Alexander, 303-279-7900       or       Investor Relations:       Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc.       Paul Karon
      800-342-1467
  Compensation and Other Disclosures
This Emerging Growth Update (the "Update") is published by Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc. ("Trilogy") to provide readers with information on selected publicly traded companies. Factual information is obtained from public filings and other sources deemed to be reliable; however, Trilogy takes no responsibility for verifying the accuracy of such information and makes no representation that such information is accurate or complete. Certain of the statements in this Update may be considered forwarded looking statements. Trilogy makes no representation and provides no assurance or guaranty that such forward looking statements will be prove to be accurate. Statements of opinion and belief are those of the authors and/or editors of this Update, and are based solely upon the information possessed by such authors and/or editors; no inference should be drawn that such authors or editors have any special or grea!
ter knowledge about the company or companies profiled or any particular expertise in the industries or markets in which the profiled company or companies compete. The reader should verify all claims and complete his own due diligence before investing in any securities of profiled company or companies. Neither Trilogy nor anyone involved in the publication of this Update is a registered investment adviser or broker/dealer. Trilogy makes no recommendation that the purchase of securities of company or companies profiled in this Update are suitable or advisable for any person or that an investment such securities will be profitable. In general, given the nature of the company or companies profiled and the lack of an active trading market for their securities, investing in such securities is highly speculative and carries a high degree of risk. An investor in such securities should be prepared and able to bear a loss of his or her entire investment. Nothing in this Update should !
be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any s!
ecurities of any profiled company. Trilogy has been retained to provide investor relations services for the company profiled in this Update and receives compensation for those services. Further, Trilogy and its employees and affiliates may own, or may purchase and sell, securities of the company or companies profiled. Trilogy undertakes no obligation to inform readers about the ownership or trading activities of it or its employees or affiliates in the securities of the profiled company or companies. Trilogy has the following compensation arrangements with the company or companies profiled in this Update: Isonics Corporation: seven thousand five hundred dollars per month for so long as Trilogy is retained to provide investor relations services.  A subsidiary of Trilogy has received warrants to purchase from an unaffiliated shareholder of Isoni!
cs on or prior to March 24, 2005 eight hundred thousand shares of common stock of Isonics at prices ranging from one dollar and five cents ($1.05) to one dollar and thirty five cents ($1.35) per share.
        This is an advertisement.
        Your address was obtained from I-NetValues or one of its affiliates.          To discontinue subscription, please go here.
        To remove by postal mail:
        1730 South Federal Highway Suite 115
        Delray Beach, Florida  33483
