
@_date: 2004-10-22 23:19:45
@_author: "Isonics Corporation" 
@_subject: NeutroTest(tm) NATO Presentation Now Available 
Isonics Completes $3.3 Million Financing Round
  ISONICS CORPORATION MAKES NATO NEUTROTEST™
              PRESENTATION AVAILABLE TO PUBLIC
  Report Provides Explanation and Photograph of Prototype Explosive Detection Device  GOLDEN, CO (Oct. 22, 2004) – Isonics Corporation (NASDAQ: ISON), committed to the development of next-generation technology for the homeland security and semiconductor markets, has made publicly available the complete presentation about its NeutroTest™ portable explosive detection technology and prototype scanner delivered at a conference of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in Spain earlier this week.
      Dirk Rondeshagen, Ph.D., a research scientist with the Institut fur Umwelttechnologien GmbH (IUT-Berlin), presented the paper at the NATO conference, which was held Oct. 18-19 in Madrid, Spain. The symposium, entitled “Countering Improvised Explosive Devices,” focused on advances in explosive detection technology and related concerns. Isonics’ subsidiary, IUT Detection Technologies, Inc. (“IUTDT”) acquired the NeutroTest technology from IUT-Berlin and, in June 2004, Isonics entered into research and development agreement with IUT-Berlin. IUT-Berlin owns 15% of IUTDT.
      The 33-page presentation contains explanations and illustrations of neutron-based explosive detection technology, and descriptions of the NeutroTest™ prototype. The presentation also contains several photos of scientists demonstrating use of the prototype NeutroTest™, illustrating how the portable, handheld device can evaluate scan packages, suitcases and other objects or containers that could hold explosive materials. Of particular note is a practical field application where NeutroTest™ is used to investigate the presence and location of TNT in an abandoned TNT production vessel in the former East Germany.
      The presentation can be viewed in its entirety at  The readers should be aware that this is a technical presentation designed to be given with oral commentary. The text of the presentation itself may not be self-explanatory.
About Isonics Corporation
      Isonics Corporation has three business divisions: (1) Isonics Semiconductor, (2) Isonics Life Sciences, and (3) Homeland Security and Defense. Isonics is a world leader in isotopically engineered materials and through its semiconductor division produces isotopically pure silicon-28 chemicals and wafers for the semiconductor industry. Through advances in nanotechnology, the Company is also focused on research and development opportunities for further, value-added product and application development. Isonics' Life Sciences division markets and sells stable isotopes for the health care industry such as carbon-13 for diagnostic breath tests and drug design, and radioisotopes and stable isotopes, such as oxygen-18 for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging. Stable isotopes can be thought of as ultra pure materials. This high degree of purification provides enhanced properties as compared to natural materials. Our efforts in the Homeland Security segment a!
re nascent at the present time as we proceed to develop further our neutron-based detection technologies. Additional information may be obtained at the Company's Web site at Cautionary Statement       Except for historical information contained herein, this document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company's actual results or outcomes to be materially different from those anticipated and discussed herein. Further, the Company operates in industries where securities values may be volatile and may be influenced by regulatory and other factors beyond the Company's control. Other important factors that the Company believes might cause such differences are discussed in the risk factors detailed in the Company's 10-KSB for the year ended April 30, 2004, and its quarterly report on Form 10-QSB for the three months ended July 31, 2004, both as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which include the Company's historical cash flow difficulties, dependence on significant customers, and r!
apid development of technology, among other risks. In assessing forward-looking statements contained herein, readers are urged to carefully read all cautionary statements contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Isonics cautions investors that there are currently no commercial NeutroTest products, and no guarantee there will be. Isonics has made no NeutroTest sales and no government agency or other person has expressed an interest in purchasing NeutroTest.  There can be no assurance that Isonics will be able to manufacture the NeutroTest for the market at a cost and with capabilities that meet the needs of prospective customers.       This announcement may contain forward-looking statements made by senior management of Isonics that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions or future events. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and performances, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Actual future results and trends may differ materially from those made in—or suggested by—statements made in this announcement due to a variety of factors. Consequently, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements made in this announcement. For more information about Isonics and risks arising from investing in Isonics, you are directed to the Company’s most recent Form 10-KSB filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.     Contact:
Isonics Corporation       James Alexander, 303-279-7900       or       Investor Relations:       Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc.       Paul Karon
      800-342-1467
 Compensation and Other Disclosures
This Emerging Growth Update (the "Update") is published by Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc. ("Trilogy") to provide readers with information on selected publicly traded companies. Factual information is obtained from public filings and other sources deemed to be reliable; however, Trilogy takes no responsibility for verifying the accuracy of such information and makes no representation that such information is accurate or complete. Certain of the statements in this Update may be considered forwarded looking statements. Trilogy makes no representation and provides no assurance or guaranty that such forward looking statements will be prove to be accurate. Statements of opinion and belief are those of the authors and/or editors of this Update, and are based solely upon the information possessed by such authors and/or editors; no inference should be drawn that such authors or editors have any special or gr!
eater knowledge about the company or companies profiled or any particular expertise in the industries or markets in which the profiled company or companies compete. The reader should verify all claims and complete his own due diligence before investing in any securities of profiled company or companies. Neither Trilogy nor anyone involved in the publication of this Update is a registered investment adviser or broker/dealer. Trilogy makes no recommendation that the purchase of securities of company or companies profiled in this Update are suitable or advisable for any person or that an investment such securities will be profitable. In general, given the nature of the company or companies profiled and the lack of an active trading market for their securities, investing in such securities is highly speculative and carries a high degree of risk. An investor in such securities should be prepared and able to bear a loss of his or her entire investment. Nothing in this Update shoul!
d be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any!
 securities of any profiled company. Trilogy has been retained to provide investor relations services for the company profiled in this Update and receives compensation for those services. Further, Trilogy and its employees and affiliates may own, or may purchase and sell, securities of the company or companies profiled. Trilogy undertakes no obligation to inform readers about the ownership or trading activities of it or its employees or affiliates in the securities of the profiled company or companies. Trilogy has the following compensation arrangements with the company or companies profiled in this Update: Isonics Corporation: seven thousand five hundred dollars per month for so long as Trilogy is retained to provide investor relations services. A subsidiary of Trilogy has received warrants to purchase from an unaffiliated shareholder of Isonics o!
n or prior to March 24, 2005 eight hundred thousand shares of common stock of Isonics at prices ranging from one dollar and five cents ($1.05) to one dollar and thirty five cents ($1.35) per share.
        This is an advertisement.
        Your address was obtained from I-NetValues or one of its affiliates.          To discontinue subscription, please go here.
        To remove by postal mail:
        1730 South Federal Highway Suite 115
        Delray Beach, Florida  33483
