
@_date: 2008-12-07 18:48:10
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: UK internet filtering 
I've confirmed this report by talking to people in the UK. At least two
of them are filtered in the manner stated by the Wikinews article.
I imagine that you can also observe by exiting through certain nodes
that have censoring ISPs.
I wonder if these nodes should be marked as bad exits?

@_date: 2009-10-26 10:44:15
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: Orbot: An Anonymous Proxy for Android using Tor 
Thanks Eugen,
I wrote a nice BUILD document and sent it to or-dev last night. Here's a
copy of the mail for those not on or-dev:
-------- Original Message --------
Hello *,
Nathan and I have been working on making a viable, secure and usable
port of Tor to the Android platform. There have been a few attempts at
getting Tor or Tor like software (onion coffee, etc) to run on Android.
The most notable was probably Adam Langley's initial attempts. For quite
sometime, Nathan and I tried a few different approaches. Finally, we
stumbled upon a method for calling arbitrary binaries that are stored as
assets in a package. Nathan wrote a little about this method here:
We spent most of today working on an Orbot build document:
The BUILD document starts a user off without any Android tools on their
system. By the end of the tutorial, you'll have a working, signed Orbot
package. We will endevor to keep this document up to date.
Orbot provides a simple way to run the C reference implementation of
Tor. This means that we can have hidden services and all of the rest of
the Tor client/server/bridge functionality on Android. I expect that
hidden services will become popular if someone ports TorChat to Android.
Tor itself exposes the usual SOCKS proxy and Orbot extends this by also
offering an HTTP proxy. Part of the code that powers the HTTP proxy is a
powered by a fork of jsocks. We've named it asocks (Android SOCKS) and
put it in subversion:
The UI for Orbot really needs a lot of work. It will require a lot of
polish. Currently, it does do very basic controlling of Tor; it's mostly
by brute force and doesn't use anything fancy with the control port.
The next step will be to create a second application that actually uses
Tor. It will likely be a web browser that specifically utilizes Tor for
everything. This will be similar in scope to what Conell did for
TorProxy with his Shadow browser:
It is likely that we'll replace TorProxy in the market after we're
pretty sure that we're on the right path.
If you'd like to try a build of Orbot, I've put up an early alpha build:
If you have an android phone, you can scan this QR code to download and
install the package:
This is our first alpha release and we'd love some feedback...
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2009-10-26 10:44:15
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: Orbot: An Anonymous Proxy for Android using Tor 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 2440 and 3156)
Content-Description: OpenPGP digital signature
Content-Disposition: attachment; filename="signature.asc"
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2011-12-22 11:35:58
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
Hi naif,
While we sometimes disagree on things, I think we're in full agreement
here. I think it's important to support your intentions in this thread.
Tor is targeted by extremely talented people who would never lift a
finger to help anyone involved in the Tor Project. The Tor network is
probably undergoing a constant audit by multiple parties with extremely
negative intentions. Certainly I hope we all agree that lots of people
wish they could attack Tor users directly and if nothing else, that may
serve as a motivator for some people to attack the network however they
I think you're getting a lot of noise and it's pretty sad for almost all
of the reasons that you outlined. I really appreciate that you're trying
to make a positive impact. I also appreciate that rather than going
around spreading FUD, you're trying to find a way to improve things,
even if perfection is not attainable. You're making observations about
where we can and even should improve software, improve operational
security and even where we have to punt.
I really appreciate that you're not working for people who wish to do
the Tor network harm. Please do consider the concerns of people in this
thread and weight your actions against those people. They too are trying
to help the network, the project, and the users.
Hopefully we'll all meet at CCC for a mate to discuss this in person!
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-08-22 02:14:37
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] End-to-end correlation for fun and profit 
Maxim Kammerer:
This has serious intersection attack issues, as you note. However, from
a purely practical perspective, even with our UPnP/NAT-PMP work, it's
basically not realistic with ipv4 to make *everyone* a globally
reachable relay.
I do however generally agree with the sentiment that we need to make it
significantly harder for an attacker. It's not clear to me that if
everyone was a relay, they would change the exit selection very much. It
would probably change the location of the guards as expected.
Sadly, it probably wouldn't work well for everyone being an exit - not
the least of which is that running Tor would attract attention beyond
just sending/receiving encrypted traffic.
Thanks for taking the time to start this discussion Maxim - it's a good one.
All the best,
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-09-27 22:01:02
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] TorBirdy doesn't work with Gmail? 
SiNA Rabbani:
Indeed, I also use TorBirdy with Thunderbird and Gmail at times. What
seems to be the problem?
All the best,
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-10-10 13:12:59
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] TorBirdy doesn't work with Gmail? 
Dear Mike,
Mike Hearn:
Thanks for joining the discussion; I've talked with a number of people
from Google about this and you might be the person we've been looking to
The phone portion of this is extremely problematic - to tie a username
to a phone may create a direct link with a government issued ID card.
That in turn will create liability for the user and also likely for
Google, who now holds the key to the user's anonymity.
Is there a possible way to pro-actively indicate that a user will want
to use Tor? For example - if you notice they're regularly in Iran,
China, Syria and so on - won't current events of filtering be enough to
tip Google off to the political changes that impact how users connect?
Is there a way to add that token to the email authentication happening
with Thunderbird and TorBirdy?
It would be quite helpful if we could add a setup wizard to TorBirdy
that could walk a user through doing these things safely. I fear that
any setup is a usability nightmare but no clear path to such a setup at
all is perhaps even worse.
It does indeed - thank you for writing on the list!
As a slight aside - I have noticed that the Gmail login list does not
seem to know about Tor nor about XMPP logins. It also sometimes has
extremely inaccurate GeoIP data. I have on many occasions been warned
that my account was hacked from China (!) only to find that the access
was of type "Unknown" (rather than say, HTTP) and rather than China, it
was a Tor exit node that I was using at the time.
It would be quite nice if Google's audit log was Tor aware - so as to
reduce panic - and if it didn't say unknown, when it was clearly via
XMPP. Unless this was a bug in some kind of wiretapping interface, of
course. In which case... forget that I mentioned it! :)
All the best,
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-10-22 01:51:21
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Child pornography, anonymity and free speech 
Alec Harrington:
That is really rich. That's for the civics primer!
[citation required]
[citation required]
I guess you haven't heard that in many parts of the world, such as
Uganda, people are on the verge of being put to death for their sexual
*preferences* alone?
This entire argument is flawed. Please demonstrate or provide evidence
for your claims!
One could equally assert without evidence that the production of erotic
art and the consumption of legal (say, in the US) pornography reduces
adult on adult predatory activity. I bet the Kinsey Institute would have
interesting data on this very topic but well, since this isn't a
conversation based on facts but rather on emotion, I'll not even bother
to dig up a citation. If you show some facts for your arguments, I'm
sure people will bring out data in support of other view points.
So please - show us that the existence of abstract material is the sole
or even a major contributing factor to an act of non-consensual or
otherwise illegal or immoral sexual conduct. Does that currently
non-existent data support your argument? Would it support your argument
for other kinds of abuse?
Does evidence of a killing, such as Oscar Grant's murder in Oakland,
California[0] by the BART police make other police want to kill
civilians? Or does it make people want justice for the death of Oscar
Grant? One might argue that the evidence will actually reduce the
chances that another cop will get to say he meant to pull a stun gun.
Documentation seems to very seriously change the human rights abusers
position of power - be it the police or other groups that derive a
subject's compliance through forced violence.
Or put another more simple way - the problem with child porn is not the
*evidence* of the crime alone, it is that people are actually harming a
living being. The murder of a guy, such as what happened in Oscar
Grant's case, is pretty disturbing - shall we erase that crime from the
archives of history because journalists claim protection under the First
Amendment protections? Why should we create a special class of
information that we flush down the memory hole, where only special
people are allowed to look at it, to judge it and where merely being
accused of being near it is a (cultural) death sentence?
All the best,
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-14 13:46:15
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [linux-elitists] Browser fingerprinting 
Cathal Garvey:
The Tor Browser, of course!
  These may be interesting to you:
Source and binary releases are available - I suggest using the 3.0
alphas to help us improve them for general use:
  All the best,

@_date: 2013-10-27 16:24:50
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: Another Snowden News Story. Another Lesson in Proper Whistleblowing. 
This is total horse shit. It is completely inaccurate and completely
insulting to Manning, WikiLeaks and many many others.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-10-28 16:51:50
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] how embassy eavesdropping works 
Kelly John Rose:
Huh? There are a lot of assumptions in your statement that are totally
off base. I speak for myself - not some undefined group that you're
I work very openly with Duncan about everything I've seen, heard or have
evidence to substantiate. Duncan is a personal friend and frankly, an
inspiration. I don't 'feed' him anything - I work with him in any
capacity that we're able to make happen. The largest problem working
with Duncan is that I don't feel safe traveling to the UK. Their
extremely heavy handed government policies that attempt to suppress the
press are out of control.
There are many important stories in the works. You may enjoy our latest
story which is the seed for the front page story of nearly every single
German language paper:
I plan to work with Duncan on many stories in the future - he is a
pleasure to work with and he is brilliant. He is also kind - something a
lot of folks tend to lack as a quality.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-10-28 15:44:00
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] how embassy eavesdropping works 
John Young:
A number of us have been working with Duncan. Our latest cover story in
Der Spiegel ("Das Nest") involved extensive discussions and research
with him.
He's a brilliant guy and a joy to work with on these topics.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-11-16 06:12:57
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography][Law] Jeremy Hammond Banned from using Cryptography 
I would hire him in a flat second and I would encourage others to do the
Jeremy has a good heart and a great mind - I hope that after TEN YEARS
IN PRISON for breeching a WEBSITE and EMAIL SERVER that people will
consider his time served and help him to re-enter society.
This sentence is so disproportionate and unjust, it is sickening, it is
revolting and it is infuriating.
With contempt and disgust for this show at the US Court system today,

@_date: 2013-12-31 20:13:49
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Kevin W. Wall:
I'm also happy to answer questions in discussion form about the content
of the talk and so on. I believe we've now released quite a lot of
useful information that is deeply in the public interest.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-12-31 20:13:49
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Kevin W. Wall:
I'm also happy to answer questions in discussion form about the content
of the talk and so on. I believe we've now released quite a lot of
useful information that is deeply in the public interest.
All the best,
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-17 18:21:16
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen discuss a post-Snowden Internet 
Juan Garofalo:
Traffic analysis is likely feasible if you can watch all of the
internet. The question is at what resolution? With full packet captures
of everything, for all time, it becomes a statistical question with some
possibly negative outcomes.
Actually, we see from the documents that they cannot deanonymize all
people, all of the time; they must target. So actually, it *does*
protect people from instantly falling into the pitfalls related to
dragnet surveillance. You're avoiding this and it is totally silly.
The Tor Project is a 501c3 non-profit. As a company, we're not tools of
anyone and as a tool, tor, is similarly not a tool of the US government.
Your statements indicating otherwise are just rude and uninformed.
Could you possibly be more of an asshole, Juan?
How does that old quote go? "That which is presented without evidence
may be dismissed without argument." Yeah, exactly.
The NSA and the GCHQ ran a real operation to deanonymize someone. Do you
understand how they attempted to do this? Do you understand the evidence
presented or will you continue to ignore it?
Yes, you did - read the above documents already? The CES summer school
document discusses some of this and it is sadly very poor research. The
open community, such as Aaron's recent paper, is much much further
ahead. This is what we expect - this is why we work with an open
research community so seriously.
I'm giving you some credit - break it, already?
Can you please explain to everyone how they found the location of the
Silk Road? Hint: it wasn't Tor, it was his extremely bad operational
security and using... a VPN!
You criticize the only people working to inform the public and you
degrade their honor without having real information about their
specifics. Do you live under threat for your work? Do you live in exile
from your home country? Do you do anything that matters where someone
else has some criticisms because they don't have a full view on your
entire life or because they misunderstand something about what is
presented in public?
Ah, I see - you're basically just green with envy? Well, get in line, eh?
You could actually demonstrate that you see that Glenn, Laura and others
have taken real risks by doing anything at all to inform us. The way
that you behave, it is a wonder that they take such risks with people
who are so cynical and ungrateful as their peanut gallery. Lucky for the
rest of humanity that for every dozen people spending their energy being
so unkind, as you are, we have thousands who appreciate their efforts.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-12-17 03:03:29
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen discuss a post-Snowden Internet 
Juan Garofalo:
Wait, you're taking an academic paper, a good one I might add, and
saying that this counts as admission by the Tor Project that our efforts
are futile?
Perhaps the leaked documents that specifically state this fact might
clue you into their capabilities?
I encourage you to read them:
  Contained in those files, I see no evidence for your assertions. Aaron's
paper is good but as Al said, feel free to show us some evidence that
you've used it to break Tor!
Wait, they have access to information, that they publish, story by story
and that means that they're not credible? That is hilariously strange
reasoning. The information is coming out as quickly as people are able
to make sense of it.
No, the latest news is that Glenn still has nouns of steel and is still
publishing incredible news on a regular basis.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-12-17 01:43:59
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen discuss a post-Snowden Internet 
Juan Garofalo:
Where do we admit that the NSA can break Tor? We have seen evidence only
for the NSA exploiting the code in Tor Browser (Firefox) and never in
the core Tor network software.
Why is that?
All the best,

@_date: 2013-12-17 19:15:42
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Jacob impervious to "Rubber Hose Cryptanalysis" performed by Stewart Baker 
John Young:
Yeah, of course. The clear answer is to ensure that this is done in a
sustainable manner as well. I don't mean fiscally either, I mean, more
than merely living through it and staying "free" for some sense of the word.
I'm not sure that I follow but it sounds poetic, as usual, John. ;-)
Indeed, on all counts.
I pre-empted his 9/11 trolling by talking about the holocaust. It
clearly surprised him and the entire event was captured on video. He
blamed FISA for 9/11, I blamed the FBI, NSA and CIA for being a bunch of
criminals that exceeded their authority - without their misdeeds, FISA
wouldn't even exist. He had nearly nothing to say to this assertion. I
think he doesn't often spar with people who will go toe to toe.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-12-17 18:07:20
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Jacob impervious to "Rubber Hose Cryptanalysis" performed by Stewart Baker 
All journalism is and has always been "advocacy" journalism. Often
people don't notice the so-called advocacy as it is usually for the
unjust status quo in an unquestioning, fully compromising subservient
manner, I'd add.
All the best,

@_date: 2014-01-02 18:37:24
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Jeffrey Walton:
Did anyone ever claim that they helped create DROPOUT JEEP?
I'm less interested in the payload than how it is deployed - are the
Apple signing keys only controlled by Apple? Do they fall under the
business records provision of the PATRIOT act? The QUANTUM documents do
not sound very good for ios users:
All the best,

@_date: 2014-01-03 01:12:21
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Recent Der Spiegel coverage about the NSA and GCHQ 
The BULLRUN story was good but it really needs to be expanded. I find it
frustrating that the story wasn't better supported by documents.
Whoops - thanks!
I'm curious if anyone has yet spotted which well known programs are tied
to OLYMPUSFIRE? I'd guess you probably figured it out, if it is possible
to link it?
The QUANTUM programs are extremely powerful but largely because our
systems are so weak. Imagine if the NSA informed Apple and helped them
to fix their products rather than sabotaging American companies?
All the best,

@_date: 2014-01-03 00:37:45
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Recent Der Spiegel coverage about the NSA and GCHQ 
I wanted to write to highlight some important documents that have
recently been released by Der Spiegel about the NSA and GCHQ. We worked
very hard and for quite some time on these stories - I hope that you'll
enjoy them.
Inside TAO: Documents Reveal Top NSA Hacking Unit:
Part 1: Documents Reveal Top NSA Hacking Unit:
Part 2: Targeting Mexico:
Part 3: The NSA's Shadow Network:
NSA's Secret Toolbox: Unit Offers Spy Gadgets for Every Need:
Shopping for Spy Gear: Catalog Advertises NSA Toolbox:
Interactive Graphic: The NSA's Spy Catalog:
Neue Dokumente: Der geheime Werkzeugkasten der NSA:
NSA-Programm "Quantumtheory": Wie der US-Geheimdienst weltweit Rechner
Der Spiegel 1 / 2014:
TAO slides:
NSA QUANTUM Tasking Techniques for the R&T Analyst:
Yahoo! user targeting and attack example with QUANTUM:
QUANTUMTHEORY and related QUANTUM programs:
If you'd like to detect the QUANTUM INSERT, I suggest reading about the
race condition details:
Details about the Man-On-The-Side with QUANTUM:
QFIRE (NSA-Geheimdokumente: "Vorwärtsverteidigung" mit QFIRE), TURMOIL,
TURBINE, TURBULENCE:
More MARINA details:
Catalog of equipment covering around ~50 programs:
Other slides covering FOXACID and more:
NSA QUANTUMTHEORY capabilities list:
GCHQ QUANTUMTHEORY capabilities list:
An overview of all of these articles is available in German:
Earlier this week, I also recently gave a talk titled "To Protect and
Infect: part two" at CCC's 30C3. In the talk I explain a number of these
topics - the video is a reasonable complement to the above stories:
There are quite a few news articles and most of them have focused on the
iPhone backdoor known as DROPOUTJEEP - they largely miss the big picture
asserting that the NSA needs physical access. This is a
misunderstanding. The way that the NSA and GCHQ compromise devices with
QUANTUMNATION does not require physical access - that is merely one way
to compromise an iPhone. Generally the NSA and GCHQ compromise the phone
through the network using QUANTUM/QUANTUMNATION/QUANTUMTHEORY related
attack capabilities.
An example of a vulnerable Apple user is shown:
"note: QUANTUMNATION and standard QUANTUM tasking results in the same
exploitation technique. The main difference is QUANTUNATION deploys a
state 0 implant and is able to be submitted by the TOPI. Any ios device
will always get VALIDATOR deployed."
They're not talking about Cisco in that slide, I assure you.
Details on VALIDATOR:
Welcome to 2014!
The truth is coming and it can't be stopped,

@_date: 2014-07-03 12:01:15
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] XKeyscore-Quellcode: more english details requested 
More information will be published shortly, including a long technical
English story with source code and a video this evening on German TV.
Here are the first bits of our story:
      Stay tuned for the next two publications which will happen in the next
twelve hours.
All the best,

@_date: 2014-07-03 12:01:15
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] XKeyscore-Quellcode: more english details requested 
More information will be published shortly, including a long technical
English story with source code and a video this evening on German TV.
Here are the first bits of our story:
      Stay tuned for the next two publications which will happen in the next
twelve hours.
All the best,
