
@_date: 2014-06-02 22:26:10
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: On mobile security 
One thing to note: There is a version of Guardian Rom, which is based on
Replicant that is going to be coming out soon. Replicant is based on
CyanogenMod. There has been talk of a TailsOS for android that is being
built that will be based on Guardian Rom.
I suggest using this Replicant, Guardian Rom, CyanogenMod combo.
For more info on the Tails Phone OS, contact Nathan Freitas aka For more info on Guardian Rom based on Replicant, contact Kyle Davidson
aka  on twitter.

@_date: 2014-07-24 21:51:19
@_author: Stratfor? 
@_subject: Re: HOPEx report: My panel surveilled, phone hacked 
I assume that your new phone is going to run replicant.us now, which was
recommended by the Free Software Foundation?

@_date: 2015-06-03 22:06:01
@_author: Jah Love 
@_subject: DEA bulk spying, FBI Spy Planes, IMEI Catchers, NIST cryptography standards, and ALPR amendments to  
There's some amazing stuff going into the US House of Representative's HR2578. Here's some links to some of it:
You can read the discussion on the amendment to ban the DEA from bulk surveillance here at page 83:  It passed!
I got the link to that PDF at the Recent Sessions On-Demand tab at this link which also has archived videos of the proceedings: These other amendments also just passed a few hours ago:
3:16:54 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	An amendment, offered by Mr. Massie, to prohibit the use of funds by the National Institute of Standards and Technology to consult with the National Security Agency or the CIA to alter cryptographic or computer standards, except to improve information security.
3:16:56 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	DEBATE - Pursuant to the provisions of H. Res. 287, the Committee of the Whole proceeded with 10 minutes of debate on the Third Massie amendment.
3:26:26 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	POSTPONED PROCEEDINGS - At the
conclusion of debate on the Third Massie amendment, the Chair put the
question on adoption of the amendment and by voice vote, announced that
the ayes had prevailed. Mr. Massie demanded a recorded vote and the
Chair postponed further proceedings on the question of adoption of the
amendment until a time to be announced.
3:35:34 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	An amendment, offered by Mr. Issa, to prohibit the use of funds to operate or disseminate a cell-site simulator or IMSI catcher in the United States except pursuant to a court order that identifies an individual, account, address, or personal device.
3:37:29 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	DEBATE - Pursuant to the provisions of H. Res. 287, the Committee of the Whole proceeded with 10 minutes of debate on the Issa Amendment.
4:06:04 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	An amendment, offered by Mr. Lamborn, to prohibit the use of funds to collect information about individuals attending gun shows, by means of an automatic license plate reader, or to retain any information so collected.
4:06:06 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	DEBATE - Pursuant to the provisions of H. Res. 287, the Committee of the Whole proceeded with 10 minutes of debate on the Lamborn amendment, pending a reservation of a point of order.
4:12:43 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	Mr. Farr raised a point of order against the Lamborn amendment. Mr. Farr stated that the amendment seeks to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriations bill. The Chair sustained the point of order.

@_date: 2015-09-14 23:18:55
@_author: Jah Love 
@_subject: Libreboot+Tails creates the best current balance of freedom & privacy on a Laptop [was Re: Privacy R 
I think that the best privacy respecting laptop around would be a Libreboot computer that has the camera, microphone, and harddrive physically removed and runs Tails on a DVD so that neither the operating system nor the BIOS can be altered without physical access to the computer. The version of Libreboot on the laptop must be write protected, which would mean that updates would need to be externally flashed to the BIOS chip, but this prevents any attempted BIOS alteration from happening via software. Tamper proof stickers or glitter nailpolish could be applied to detect whether the device has been opened while out of your possession. There's no way to flash the Bios chip without opening the device. Preferences and files that the user wants to keep across amnesiac sessions would be saved on a LUKS encrypted USB thumb-drive.
Libreboot will soon have reproducible builds which would allow users to compare the Libreboot ROM on their device against the reproducible build of the ROM.
I would suggest that all Libreboot supported motherboards should be x-rayed and the x-rays should be published online under creative commons licenses so that users could have their own motherboards x-rayed to provide some sort of hardware verifiability which is currently very much lacking.
Here's more info about Libreboot, which is a Coreboot fork that takes out all of Coreboot's proprietary blobs: Here's the Free Software Foundation's announcement that the Libreboot x200 earned their Respect Your Freedom certification Laptops that run Libreboot with operating systems that don't comply with the GNU Free System Distribution Guidelines (GNU FSDG)  don't have FSF's RYF certification. So until Tails creates a version that complies with the GNU FSDG or until someone creates an operating system forked of a Free Distro  that has all of Tails' security features included we are all stuck with having to chose between security and freedom in our operating systems. We can code our way out of this false dichotomy though, if we want it.
If you believe that the security features in Tails aren't worth the trade off of having fully free software or if you believe that Tails running as a DVD instead of a USB stick isn't necessary, it is important to also note that Libreboot's GRUB payload allows you to boot fully encrypted harddrives and USB live systems by decrypting them within the GRUB instance on your Bios chip and then booting the decrypted OS. This means that the boot sector on the operating system or USB live system can now also be fully encrypted when not in use.
Does anyone on this list think that Librem+PureOS is more free & secure than Libreboot+Tails as I described it here?
Peace & Blessings,
Jah Love
On Mon, 14 Sep 2015 18:29:07 +0100

@_date: 2016-06-02 19:55:34
@_author: Jah Love 
@_subject: Re: How to download the full ruling of USA Supreme Court cases? 
I hate google, but for non Supreme Court cases you can use
scholar.google.com and click "case law" and do a search. It seems like
the source you got that quote from messed up because the proper citation
is Maine v. Thiboutot, 448 U.S. 1, 100 S. Ct. 2502, 65 L. Ed. 2d 555
(1980). Also, that quote isn't found in that ruling.
Another option is to go to a county or state law library and use WestLaw
Next or Lexis Nexis for free to do a search for the cases you want.
WestLaw has a button that lets you email the court rulings to yourself.
jim bell:
 S. 524;Se
 c
retary of Navy v. Avrech, 418 U. S. 676 (per curiam); United States v. Augenblick, 393 U. S. 348; Philbrook v. Glodgett, 421 U. S. 707; and Chandler v. Judicial Council of Tenth Circuit, 398 U. S. 74, distinguished. For a court to pronounce upon a law’s meaning or constitutionality when it has no jurisdiction to do so is, by very definition, an ultra vires act. Pp. 8–17."
