
@_date: 2013-10-25 02:57:00
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Gentlemen do not read each other's mail... 
Germany Summons U.S. Ambassador Over Merkel Phone Tapping Claim Top News: German authorities summoned the U.S. ambassador Thursday to demand a full explanation for claims that the United States had tapped German Chancellor Angela Merkel's cellphone, an allegation that has sparked deep outrage in Germany and revived uncomfortable memories of the extensive intelligence apparatus of East Germany. On Wednesday, Merkel called President Obama to air out her concerns about the allegations and received a promise that the United States is not monitoring her calls and will not do so in the future. That assurance, however, did not adress whether the United States had in fact monitored Merkel's calls in the past. Merkel's spokesman said the chancellor "views such practices... as completely unacceptable." "Among close friends and partners, as the Federal Republic of Germany   and the US have been for decades, there should be no such monitoring of   the communications of a head of government," Steffen Seibert, the spokesman, said in a statement. According to White House spokesman Jay Carney, the United States "is not monitoring and will not monitor the communications of the chancellor." Wednesday's phone call was the second time in 48 hours that the president found himself on the phone with a European leader furious with America's intelligence agencies. Earlier in the week, Obama found himself on the phone with French President Francois Hollande after allegations surfaced that the National Security Agency had collected French phone calls on a massive scale.
Germany Summons U.S. Ambassador Over Merkel Phone Tapping Claim
Top News: German authorities summoned
 the U.S. ambassador Thursday to demand a full explanation for claims that the United States had tapped German Chancellor Angela Merkel's cellphone, an allegation that has sparked deep outrage in Germany and revived uncomfortable memories of the extensive intelligence apparatus of East Germany.  On Wednesday, Merkel called
 President Obama to air out her concerns about the allegations and received a promise that the United States is not monitoring her calls and will not do so in the future. That assurance, however, did not adress whether the United States had in fact monitored Merkel's calls in
 the past. Merkel's spokesman said the chancellor "views such practices... as completely unacceptable." "Among close friends and partners, as the Federal Republic of Germany   and the US have been for decades, there should be no such monitoring of   the communications of a
 head of government," Steffen Seibert, the spokesman, said in a statement.  According to White House spokesman Jay Carney, the United States "is not
 monitoring and will not monitor the communications of the chancellor." Wednesday's phone call was the second time in 48 hours that the president found himself on the phone with a European leader furious with
 America's intelligence agencies. Earlier in the week, Obama found himself
 on the phone with French President Francois Hollande after allegations surfaced that the National Security Agency had collected French phone calls on a massive scale.

@_date: 2014-01-03 09:41:54
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: NSA and quantum computers 
Washington (AFP) - The US National Security Agency is making strides toward building a "quantum computer" that could break nearly any kind of encryption, The Washington Post reported Thursday.
Related Stories
The Post said leaked documents from fugitive ex-NSA contractor Edward Snowden indicate the computer would allow the secret intelligence agency to break encryption used to protect banking, medical, business and government records around the world.
Quantum computing has been a goal among commercial firms such as IBM because it could harness the power of atoms and molecules, vastly increasing speed and security of computers and other devices.
But experts cited by the newspaper said it was unlikely that the NSA would be close to creating such a machine without the scientific community being aware of it.
"It seems improbable that the NSA could be that far ahead of the open world without anybody knowing it," Scott Aaronson of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology told the daily.
The NSA declined to comment on the report.
The Post said the leaked documents indicate that the agency carries out research in large, shielded rooms known as Faraday cages designed to prevent electromagnetic energy from entering or exiting.
Because of its vast computing power, a working quantum computer would break the strongest encryption tools in use today for online activities, including banking and emails.
Some technology firms such as Google and Yahoo have said in recent weeks that they were stepping up efforts to encrypt their communications following reports that the NSA had been able to break or circumvent many of the current encryption standards.
A September report by The New York Times, ProPublica and The Guardian, also based on leaked documents, said US and British spy agencies are able to decipher data even with the supposedly secure encryption to make it private.
The documents indicated that the NSA, working with its British counterpart GCHQ, accomplished the feat by using supercomputers, court orders and some cooperation from technology companies. If the reports are accurate, the highly secretive program would defeat much of what is used to keep data secure and private on the Internet, from emails to chats to communications using smartphones.
IBM researchers said last year they had made advances in quantum computing that has the potential to outperform any existing supercomputer. The new type of computing uses information encoded into quantum bits or qubits, putting into use a theory that scientists have been discussing for decades. Quantum computing expands on the most basic piece of information that a typical computer understands -- a bit, and thereby can perform millions of calculations at once.
 (AFP) - The US National Security Agency is making strides toward building a "quantum computer" that could break nearly any kind of encryption, The Washington
 Post reported Thursday.    Related Stories     The NSA Is Trying to Build a Quantum Computer The Atlantic Wire  NSA leaker: 'Mission's already accomplished' Associated Press  NSA, UK agency 'targeted Israel PM, EU officials' Associated Press  Amnesty for Edward Snowden? Might depend on what secrets he's got left Christian Science Monitor  Israel plays down importance of alleged spying by U.S. and UK Reuters     The Post said leaked documents from fugitive ex-NSA contractor Edward Snowden indicate
 the computer would allow the secret intelligence agency to break encryption used to protect banking, medical, business and government records around the world.Quantum
 computing has been a goal among commercial firms such as IBM because it
 could harness the power of atoms and molecules, vastly increasing speed
 and security of computers and other devices.But
 experts cited by the newspaper said it was unlikely that the NSA would be close to creating such a machine without the scientific community being aware of it."It seems improbable that the NSA could be that
 far ahead of the open world without anybody knowing it," Scott Aaronson
 of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology told the daily.The NSA declined to comment on the report.The
 Post said the leaked documents indicate that the agency carries out research in large, shielded rooms known as Faraday cages designed to prevent electromagnetic energy from entering or exiting.Because
 of its vast computing power, a working quantum computer would break the
 strongest encryption tools in use today for online activities, including banking and emails.Some
 technology firms such as Google and Yahoo have said in recent weeks that they were stepping up efforts to encrypt their communications following reports that the NSA had been able to break or circumvent many
 of the current encryption standards.A
 September report by The New York Times, ProPublica and The Guardian, also based on leaked documents, said US and British spy agencies are able to decipher data even with the supposedly secure encryption to make
 it private.The documents indicated that the NSA, working with its British counterpart GCHQ, accomplished the feat by using supercomputers, court orders and some cooperation from technology companies. If
 the reports are accurate, the highly secretive program would defeat much of what is used to keep data secure and private on the Internet, from emails to chats to communications using smartphones.IBM
 researchers said last year they had made advances in quantum computing that has the potential to outperform any existing supercomputer. The
 new type of computing uses information encoded into quantum bits or qubits, putting into use a theory that scientists have been discussing for decades. Quantum computing expands on the most basic piece of information that a typical computer understands -- a bit, and thereby can perform millions of calculations at once.
