
@_date: 2004-10-03 12:43:53
@_author: "rory bussa" 
@_subject: FW: Magnificent   FWD: All procurable burgeon 
A man limps into a bar with a cane and
alligator. The bartender stops himandsays Holdon a secondhere - youcan't
bringthatanimal inhere,theyaren'tallowed!  Sotheman says, Butmygatorheredoes
areally cooltrick... The bartender says  Well then, lets see!  So
theman whips outhis dickand shovesitinthe gatorsmouth. Hethen takes his cane
and startsbashingthegator inthe head with it. A crowdgathers
aroundandevoneisastonishedwhen he pulls out his dick without a single
scratch. Dorothy was surprised to find how patient the
people were, for her own little heart was beating rapidly with
A balloon meant to her some other arrival from
the surface of the earth, and she hoped it would be some one able to assist
her and Zeb out of their difficulties
In an hour the balloon had come near enough
for her to see a basket suspended below it; in two hours she could see a
head looking over the side of the basket; in three hours the big balloon
settled slowly into the great square in which they stood and came to rest on
the glass pavement
Sere why our rautes are unbveatable Then a little man jumped out of the basket,
took off his tall hat, and bowed very gracefully to the crowd of Mangaboos
around him
paradrzave sigfod q2 rimfaksi
He looks around at the crowd and says,  Does anyone else wanttotry?
Anoldladyraises her hand and says... S ure, but don't hit me withthatstick.
There were these two guys in a bar, which was onthe 20th floor of a
building. Thefirstman said  I bet you 00 I can jump out that windowand
come straight back in! Thesecond man says  Ok,sure. andthebarman holds
thebet. The first man jumps out the window and disappears for a second
before jumping straight back in. Disappointed about losing the  the
second man says:   I'll bet you another  you can't do it again.  So the
barman holds the bet. Sure enough, the first man jumps out the window,
disappears for a second, then jumps straight back in. Thinking he must have
caught a freak gust of wind, the second man says  Ok, I bet you  I can
jump out the window and come straight back in.  The first man says  Ok,
sure.  The second man jumps out the window and falls to the footpath below.
He is dead. Back up in the bar, the barman says to the first man   Gee, you
can be a bastard when you're pissed, Superman.  A. Stay away, I think I've
got penicillin! Q. What did the tie say to the hat?
