
@_date: 2007-05-10 07:58:02
@_author: Jay Mailinglists 
@_subject: Re: How Terrorists Send Money 
Hawala networks already use some form of steganography...manipulating invoices of goods to hide the transfer of money.
"...many hawala transactions (legitimate and illegitimate) are conducted in the context of import/export businesses, the manipulation of invoices, as discussed above, is a very common means of settling accounts after the transactions have been made."

@_date: 2007-05-09 10:38:41
@_author: Jay Mailinglists 
@_subject: Re: How Terrorists Send Money 
This is not quite the case of terrorists using mobile payments.
It seems to make a convoluted relationship between mobile phones, mobile SIM cards, stored value cards and tracking financial transfers which are quite separate issues.
Eventually, mobile payments should make the source and destination of financial transactions even more traceable. Each mobile handset has a unique hardware serial number (IMEI) which can be identified (traced) by the mobile network. Each SIM card, or phone number, has a unique IMSI number which is also identified (traced) by the mobile network. The use of multiple stored value cards for multiple financial transactions can be traced to the owner and holder of the mobile phone and their monthly network billing account.

@_date: 2007-07-03 06:59:26
@_author: Jay Mailinglists 
@_subject: Re: Ideas on increasing the significance of tor 
In some countries, I have a problem accessing Tor.
It initially seemed that they do not allow DNS lookups for Tor servers...I cannot see any servers in my network map (using Vidalia). This Network Map in Vidalia is a really nice feature/addition which helps me know the intermediary nodes and the bandwidth.
I then changed to use different DNS servers, this way the problem is sometimes resolved...but this solution seems dependent on the location from which I connect (net cafe, hotel or friend's home)
I'm not totally sure, but it seems that some Tor users are vulnerable to DNS based DOS attacks.
BTW, even Tibetan monks know about Tor (I talked to one recently)
