
@_date: 2009-10-21 05:03:32
@_author: James Brown 
@_subject: Re: Kaspersky wants to make Tor illegal and supports a globalized 
Very thanks for this information.
I think that A/V is a big shit so as an antivirus product and as the
above causes.
But that problem is more than that "bla-bla-bla" from Mr. Kaspersky.
Mr. Kaspersky is only a dirty prostitute of the bloody new Russian
Putin's and Medvedev's dictatorial regim.
His words about fighting anonimity and the Tor is only executing of
instructions of Putin's satraps.
Some weeks ago Mr. Nurgaliev, the chief of the criminal organization
"the Ministry of Interior of Russia" the real functions of which is like
of functions the nazi SS, told such words.
And after Mr. Kaspersky such words conserning ban the anonimity are told
by a representative of the Russian Orthodox Church - the orqanizations
of extreme yahooism, which also prositute for the Putin's bloody
I want that the World will know that the regim of Putin and Medvedev is
the bloodiest tyranical regim last centuries, like the Hitler's regim or
exen worse.
Now there are many people arested, disappered or simply killed without
any proceedings in Russia.
There are no independent just court in Russia, all courts stamp
decisions needed for this regim against honest people.
Only one wishing to eat in hunger Russia, only trying to earn for eating
and only one word  against Putin, Medvedev or members ot their band
named "United Russia" (/Edinaya Rossiya) /now consider by Putin's terrible inquisition as a crime and as a ground for an arrest, an
imprisonment or simply for a murder of such "dissident".
Two weaks ago in Moscow the bloody Putin's secret police arrested a
young girl about 20 years for only her writing in internet-forums and
detain her in terrible Putin's torture chambers.
It is very terrible to live in Russia this days!
I am afraid that this speeching of Nurgaliev, Kaspersky and of a cleric
may be a preparation for establishing of criminal ban of using Tor an etc.
As you know, for the fighting with anonimity they establsih that from 1
October 2009 a person wanted to purshase a domain name in the "ru" zone
must submit his passport!!!
And all the world is silent for this tyrannical  innovation...
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
