
@_date: 2002-04-29 20:01:36
@_author: "Jan Dobrucki" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Got carried away... 
I have been thinking about the window problem and the ignition too.
What I was thinking was a car of the not so far future. Where there
wont be any windows because the driver will see the outside throu a
camera and he wont need regular lights cause there'll be ultraviolet
or something like that. The car will be like a little tank, so to
speak. If the thief can't get in, then the ignition problem wouldn't
exist. So someone can steel the pgp keys of the driver, but what if
the key was, say a tatoe on his hand and would be visible only when
the drivers was thinking of say... green fried tomatoes.
Ok, so the thief managed to get into the car. There still voice
recognition, fingerprints, retina scan, DNA scan, and whatever you
can think of. I know this will be expensive, but in the future, well
lets just say I don't think it's going to be sweet.

@_date: 2002-04-28 14:32:09
@_author: "Jan Dobrucki" 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Europe 
I've been reading the list for a while now, and what I find annoying
is that there are mostly American news and little about what's
happening in Europe. As little as I respect America, America is not
all of the world. Come on Cypherpunks from Europe, make your presence
Jan Dobrucki
Wladca Pierscieni. Plyty, kasety, ksiazki do wziecia

@_date: 2002-04-28 20:26:27
@_author: "Jan Dobrucki" 
@_subject: Odp: Cypherpunks Europe 
No. I meant what I said. I don't respect America. Sorry for the
logical err. First, I don't like the president being chosen in fixed
elections [ballots counted wrong in Florida, so in fact the other guy
should be president now and not junior], second, I don't like when
the US plays police officer of the world, and third, Americans say,
"respect human rights", when the US hasn't signed any conventions
protecting human rights, because if it did, it would have to stop
sending people to death row.
No. But...
World, this is the USA, USA, this is The World. Now that you know
each other, start thinking in a more broad perspective, please.
Jan Dobrucki

@_date: 2002-04-28 22:11:19
@_author: "Jan Dobrucki" 
@_subject: Got carried away... 
I got carried away a bit. Sorry. I'm on this list from around 1998
and I never had so much trash in my mail before. There is far too
many ads, and what more, 5-6 viruses each day. So I blew my head off
bout the USA.
I'm a student of law, not computer science, so I don't write code
worth even mentioning. I did some computer science, but that's not
worth mentioning either. I know cyperpunks write code, therefore,
sorry, I don't. I'd have to start from scrach. All of it. Not just
the language, but theory, math, etc... by the time I'd be any good
I'd be an old man with a long white beard and all that I would have
learnt would most likely be absolete.
I really am surprised at the feed back from the list. Never thought
that anyone would write back. Maybe if I had something really, really
interesting, then maybe, but that rare...
I do have an idea thou. I'm thinking how to implement PGP into car
locks. And so far I got this: The driver has his PGP, and the door
has it's own. The door has only one reciepient, the driver. And when
he wants to enter the car, its sends a certain number to the driver
say "1234", or something else like letters and whatever. Only the
driver can decrypt the message and see the contents. Each time the
drivers wants to open the door its something else. Next the driver
inputs the text sent by the door into a touchpad on the door. The
door opens and the drivers can enter... so is it a good idea or a bad
Jan Dobrucki
Wladca Pierscieni. Plyty, kasety, ksiazki do wziecia

@_date: 2002-05-05 14:20:54
@_author: "Jan Dobrucki" 
@_subject: Re: Re: 
list you True. I haven't been paying attention. And the reason is because the
stuff that's worth reading on this list is rather small. So instead
od reading guys like Jim Choate and Mathew X i just delete it. So no
offense, but most of the list is trash.
Jan Dobrucki
