
@_date: 2004-07-16 00:44:33
@_author: "Mrs. Jeanette Ross." 
@_subject: I have Faith in You. 
This letter may come to you as a surprise due to the fact that we have not
yet met.
I have to say that I have no intentions of causing you any pains.
As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I believe
everyone will die someday. My name is Mrs. Jeanette Ross, a merchant in Dakar, I have been diagnosed with prostate and esophageal cancer that was
very late due to my laxity in caring for my health. It has defiled all
form of medicine and right now, I have only about a few months to live
according to medical experts.
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared
for anyone not even myself but my business. Though I am a very rich woman, I was
never generous, I was always hostile to people and only focus on my business
as that was the only thing I cared for since i lost my husband. But now I regret all this as I now
know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the
money in the world.
I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this
world I would live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now
that I know my time is near, I have willed and given most of my properties
and assets to my immediate and extended family members and as well as a few
close friends. My husband Who died late last year left all for me aswell .
I have decided to give alms to charity organizations, as I want this to
be one of the last good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed
money to some charity organizations in Australia, London and Ireland. Now
that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this my self any more.
I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and donate
the money, which I have there to charity organization in Bulgaria, they
refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them
anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what I have left for them.
The last of my money which is the huge cash deposit that I have with a
Security Finance firm . I will want you to help me collect this deposit and
dispatched it to charity organizations and let them know that it is I Mrs. Jeanette Ross
that is making this generous donation.
Alternatively used in the Ministry of God's Church.
I am writing this from my laptop computer in my hospital bed where I
wait for my time to come. I pray that God uses you to support and assist me
with good heart.
God be with you,
Mrs. Jeanette Ross.
