
@_date: 2012-11-18 23:39:16
@_author: John Day 
@_subject: Re: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
It has been interesting to watch this discussion, but Eitan and others have it correct.
The purpose of network addresses is to locate an entity in the graph of the network.  Network addresses are intended to facilitate forwarding.  For forwarding, only the structure of the graph is important.  (Notice I did not say "topology."  A topology refers to the invariant properties of a mapping among sets. A graph is not a topology. A set of graphs might be. Yes, I know the field abuses the term all the time. Another failure of education.)
Physical location has nothing to do with the operation of the network layer. It is all about forwarding packets within the graph formed by the layer.  When one says that network addresses are location dependent (and they are) it is with respect to the graph of the network.  This is also why addresses must be assigned *by* the network.  Only the network knows where in the graph the nodes are. (Yes, this means that so-called MAC addresses are not addresses. They are serial numbers.  Neither were IP addresses pre-CIDR.)
All identifiers in computing are addresses and locate something.  As Saltzer says, to resolve a name is to locate an object in a given context.  Things like a so-called flat address is really just an address  used outside its context.  For example, MAC addresses locate the manufacturer and however else the manufacturer used the space.
This is all pretty basic stuff.
I believe you were referring to Google here.  The wonderful thing about software is that it is possible for not very good programmers to do dumb things that will work for awhile.  As we have seen in this field since its inception, it is dangerous to confuse economic success with good science.
"Well, it works!" is merely an excuse, not an argument for good science.
Take care,
John Day
It has nothing do with physical location either.  So, if you would put that in why not something else.
