
@_date: 2005-02-11 22:44:14
@_author: Butte County 
@_subject: Re: Hack License 
Stephen Dunifer - Pirate of the airwaves takes crusade to television
Rick DelVecchio, Chronicle Staff Writer
Friday, February 11, 2005
Visit the TV section of a consumer electronics store, and then check out Stephen Dunifer's electronics workshop. You'll see radically different visions of what it means to live in a wired world.
The store is the place to go if you want a better picture. Dunifer is the man to see if you want to control the picture.
The tinkering rebel behind Free Radio Berkeley and the local godfather of the idea that broadcasting is a free-speech right instead of something the authorities give permission to do, Dunifer is offering a course this weekend on how to build your own low-power TV station.
A simple station is easy to set up and costs only a few hundred dollars, said Dunifer, who is internationally known for his support of locally owned, low-power FM radio as a counterforce to corporate owners' control of the major Because of the actions of Dunifer and others in persuading the Federal Communications Commission to open up the nation's airwaves a crack, hundreds of noncommercial, low-power FM stations have gone on the air since 2000. But few of them are under local control, most carry religious programming and hardly any operate in a big city. Much more work needs to be done before media power is broadly democratized, said Dunifer, 53. Low-power TV is the latest thrust in the campaign, which Dunifer sees as global and revolutionary.
"Our whole approach to this is electronic civil disobedience on a mass level," he said. "They gave us a few crumbs off the table. I'm tired of battling for a few crumbs. I want the whole pie, or cake."
Under a 1998 federal court order that shut down his Free Radio Berkeley as an unlicensed FM station, Dunifer is in no position to resume broadcasting on his own. But there's nothing to stop him from offering training and equipment to other electronics do-it-yourselfers. Free Radio Berkeley may have been silenced as a pirate station, but it's more visible than ever as a pirate flag.
That pirate radio flourishes in spite of the threat of legal sanctions has much to do with the availability of low-cost, homemade and inconspicuous equipment. Dunifer's TV setup extends the strategy. The heart of it is a $140 Mitsubishi modulator that Dunifer recently discovered works for TV as well as for FM.
With a $150 amplifier and a $75 antenna, both made in Dunifer's workshop in West Oakland, and a DVD player or camera, one has all the gear needed to distribute television programming.
Of course, that's the easy part.
Finding a frequency that doesn't bump up against other signals and make licensed broadcasters and the FCC mad remains a barrier. In urban areas where the airwaves are packed, the barrier would appear to be all but impenetrable.
But one Dunifer devotee who runs a pirate TV station in San Francisco said the benefits are worth the risks. The broadcaster, a 23-year-old Web designer who gave his name as "Monkey," said he isn't bothered by the 160 warning letters he has received over the years from the FCC or by the possibility of interfering with other broadcasters.
Monkey ignores the letters, reasoning that although he may have his equipment seized, it's unlikely he'd be prosecuted for broadcasting illegally. At the same time, he works hard to stay out of the way of other broadcasters by controlling his signal so it doesn't drift.
Monkey said five volunteers run the TV station, which he said broadcasts from "a little island in the middle of the bay." Branching off from Pirate Cat radio, which broadcasts on 87.9 FM, the station airs talk and public affairs programming, and its signal travels as far the I-5/I-580 interchange between Tracy and Manteca. On Jan. 20, it covered the San Francisco protest against the inauguration of President Bush, airing speeches by using cell phones in place of microphones.
Monkey said the pirate broadcasting movement is in its third generation, with Dunifer as the grandfather. "He's taught hundreds of people how to build transmitters," he said.
Inside Dunifer's workshop recently, two young men soldered transmitters for different radio stations. One of the two, Tom Belote, 23, of San Jose, said he planned to go on the air with Radio Libre, offering a mix of music and talk.
Two underground FM stations operate in the East Bay, three in San Jose and three in San Francisco, with one more under development in each area, said Jack Brink, Dunifer's chief of television development.
Brink, 35, whose day job is waiting tables in San Jose, said he is working on a low-power TV station that will go on the air this month on Channel 23. It will broadcast politically oriented programming from a transmitter in the North Berkeley hills.
An air of prudent mystery surrounds the venture.
"Jack is not setting up and running the station," Dunifer said in an e- mail. "This will be done by other folks who wish not to be identified at this time."
On the first floor of Dunifer's workshop, Brink demonstrated the new TV setup, a desktop station capable of broadcasting between channels 14 and 26 on UHF. He said he's working on a new version that will open the UHF band up to Channel 69, giving urban broadcasters the potential for more clear space in which to operate.
With a 60-foot antenna and clear weather, the homemade transmitter can broadcast a perfect signal 5 miles away, said Brink, who recommended that new broadcasters first go to the FCC's Web site to make sure they aren't interfering with anyone's digital signal for online broadcasting.
As for programming, the simplest approach is to hook up a 200- disc jukebox-style DVD player. There's a surplus of good material that never gets on cable or satellite, and what better way to respond to "the total propaganda environment that has been created with television media," Dunifer says in his introduction to the workshop.
"The revolution," he says in his pitch, "will be televised."
Because the signal goes over the air, the technology needed to receive it is primitive: any old set with rabbit ears and with cable and satellite cables unplugged. Brink is under no illusions that over-the-air TV is about to sweep the country.
"It's not going to be as universally successful as FM," he said. "I think it'll be very successful in some areas outside cable TV range."
Dennis Wharton, a spokesman for the National Association of Broadcasters in Washington, said low-power TV stations are usually found in rural areas. "It's impossible to find bandwidth in a large urban area," he said.
Marianne Knorzer, station manager of KRBS, a new low-power FM licensee in Oroville (Butte County), said she intends to contact Dunifer about low-power TV. "I love it, and this town would be perfect for it," she said. "We don't have a local TV station. We don't even have public access in our town."
Politically, the low-power movement has gained ground since Dunifer's legal battle in the 1990s. Not only progressives but also religious broadcasters want easier access to the airwaves.
The movement got a boost at the FCC in 2001 when a study found no evidence that low-power stations interfere with big broadcasters. It got a break in Congress last year with the Public Broadcast Reauthorization Act of 2004, a Senate bill that would implement FCC recommendations to lift restrictions on issuing low-power FM licenses. Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., brought the bill before the Senate in December with a report highlighting concerns about radio industry consolidation and lack of access by community broadcasters. Although interference remains an open issue -- the commercial broadcast industry maintains that the study done for the FCC was flawed -- low-power proponents hope Congress will let more community broadcasters go on the air legally, including some in urban areas.
Dunifer sees his vision of community broadcasting free of government's hand spreading "from the Arctic Circle to Tierra del Fuego." He recently returned from Brazil, where he met fellow media activists fifth World Social "One of my goals this year is to put together a group of people whose sole purpose is to help get stations off the ground," he said.
Learn more
Build a Low-Power TV Broadcast Transmitter, a workshop by Free Radio Berkeley, is 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. Call or e-mail for directions to West Oakland site. Sliding scale, $75-$100. (510) 625-0314; E-mail Rick DelVecchio at rdelvecchio
Page F - 1
URL:

@_date: 2005-02-08 22:56:59
@_author: and therefore less controversial 
@_subject: The Legacy of Judicial Activism 
eat feces hettinga.
The Legacy of Judicial Activism
By Stephen Pomper, Washington Monthly
Posted on December 16, 2004, Printed on February 8, 2005
Now, with the ailing William Rehnquist entering his 18th year as chief justice of the U.S. Supreme Court, liberals find themselves facing an unexpected truth about his legacy: It hasn't been that bad.
To the surprise of the legal left, the Rehnquist Court has refused to overturn Roe v. Wade and has broken new ground in protecting the civil rights of homosexuals. It has endorsed some forms of affirmative action. In last Spring's highly charged enemy detainee cases, it refused to write the executive branch a blank check for wartime detention powers. And even in its hypertechnical (and therefore less controversial) federalism cases, which concern the powers of Congress over the states, the Court has feasted less aggressively on Congress' legislative authority than might have been anticipated, contenting itself to snack on bits and pieces. In retrospect, liberal anxieties about how far this Court would go in implementing the Reagan revolution are looking somewhat misplaced if not, on occasion, hysterical.
So how did the Court arrive at such a sane and centrist position? In The Most Activist Supreme Court in History (University of Chicago Press, 2004), political scientist Thomas Keck gives credit to a practice that has long been the rhetorical whipping boy of the legal right: judicial activism. And, in particular, he credits the bipartisan activism practiced by the Court's powerful swing justice, Sandra Day O'Connor. To find Keck's analysis useful, you don't have to accept his conclusion that the Rehnquist Court is in fact the most activist Court in history. You do, however, have to accept some of his premises about what makes for an "activist" Court. Keck sees Supreme Court activism as having three separate prongs, linked by a fundamental disdain for Congress. The first is a tendency to invalidate statutes in impressive numbers, disregarding Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes's admonition that nonelected judges should give great deference to democratically elected legislatures. The second is the extent to which the Court asserts its supremacy by declaring that it alone may interpret the Constitution . even where the Constitution appears to give other branches of government the right to share this authority. And the third indicator, argues Keck, is the willingness to wander into so-called "political thickets" . messy cases with no clear right answer and big-time political implications.
Does Keck fully make the case that the Rehnquist Court (which invalidated a record 33 federal statutes on constitutional grounds in eight years, made soaring pronouncements about the supremacy of its constitutional views over Congress,' and wandered into the mother of all political thickets in Bush v. Gore) is more activist than the Warren Court (which invalidated far more state and local laws, handed down the catalytic Brown v. Board of Education decision, and steered somewhat irresponsibly toward a constitutional guarantee of economic equality)? Not really, but it doesn't matter. Even if you think the Warren Court should win top activist billing for the breadth and impact of its decisions, the Rehnquist Court's voluminous, if tempered, record gives Keck more than enough material to chew on.
It also raises the question: How can conservatives possibly square the Rehnquist Court's activist legacy with their own anti-activist rhetoric? Well, it turns out there's a trick: There are actually two different kinds of activism . conservative and liberal . and conservatives don't count decisions within their own tradition as, well, activism. In teasing this out, Keck explains that the two activist traditions have very different objectives. Conservative activists want to achieve limited government . particularly at the federal level . and tend to get there by arguing that Congress is interfering with economic or states' rights. By contrast, liberal activists want to protect the core freedoms that allow vulnerable minorities to participate in the political process. They give extra scrutiny to laws that affect those minorities, and invalidate those that they judge to put politically tinged freedoms at risk. The heyday of conservative activism was the early New Deal era, when the Court struck down one after another of FDR's legislative initiatives; Roosevelt put an end to that by threatening to pack the Court. The heyday of liberal activism was the Warren Court era of the '50s and '60s and the early Burger Court period of the '70s, which has left a legacy (including Roe v. Wade) that rankles conservatives to this day.
As to how conservatives have developed a guilt-free approach to their own brand of activism, the key to understanding this is the doctrine of originalism. The idea behind originalism is that the Court can tear a mighty swathe through acts of Congress without really engaging in activism if it is channeling the original intent of the Framers. This sounds like a wonderfully hoary and straight-shooting concept but Keck shows that it's something short of that. In fact, the seeds of modern orginalism were planted by Justice Black in the 1940s for liberal activist purposes; he was trying to develop a basis for expanding the Court's enforcement of the Bill of Rights against state governments. Black sparred with Felix Frankfurter (a champion of judicial restraint) in an effort to make originalism respectable, but this goal was not fully achieved . at least during Black's tenure. It did not help Black's case that his historical work concerning the incorporation of the Bill of Rights against the states was shot full of holes in the academic press. This helped support the critical impression that originalism is a highly corruptible doctrine prone to what constitutional scholar Alfred H. Kelly has referred to as "law office history" . that is, reverse-engineered speculation about the past generated by bright young law clerks who know what their bosses want to hear. You can argue the merits and demerits of originalism until you are blue in the face, but on the question of whether originalism somehow transforms conservative activism into something else, Keck is very persuasive: The doctrine does not have a privileged claim on interpreting the Constitution, and when the Court invalidates a congressional statute it is in activist mode . even if the justices are certain that the Framers themselves (whether through the Federalist Papers or by means of Vulcan mindmeld) are commanding them to throw Congress' work on the compost pile.
So where do the two activist traditions leave us with respect to the Rehnquist Court? Not, it turns out, where the left-leaning bar once feared. Liberals feared that the hardcore conservative activists on the court (Scalia, Thomas, and Rehnquist) would lead the moderate center (O'Connor and Kennedy) into a furious bloodletting against the hallmark legislation of the New Deal and Civil Rights eras, as well as against seminal Warren Court and post-Warren Court decisions (like Roe v. Wade), all in the name of limited government and originalism. It hasn't happened. Instead, as Keck points out, the moderates, and particularly O'Connor, have set the tone by zigzagging between liberal activist decisions that prop up (and, in the case of gay rights, expand) the minority-oriented protections of the Warren Court and conservative activist decisions that trim back the authority of Congress over state governments in a hodgepodge of areas ranging from patent enforcement to age discrimination. In staking out this terrain, Justice O'Connor has frequently sought to limit the sweep of her opinions, preserving for the Court the option to rethink itself when faced with slightly different facts.
Keck's book is not an easy read . it could use a bit more narrative oomph to propel the reader through 300 pages of legal analysis . but it does an excellent job of giving Justice O'Connor her due. In particular, Keck convincingly defends O'Connor against the criticism (which has come from both the left and the right) that her bipartisan activism and her one-off opinions have created an ad hoc jurisprudence that gives too little guidance about where the law has crystallized, and too little direction about where it is headed. While Keck acknowledges that this approach has its imperfections, he also makes clear that these may be a small price to pay for what O'Connor has achieved. Although the Rehnquist Court may be among the most activist in history, its tendencies have been guided by O'Connor's fairly delicate and evenhanded scalpel. Given the powerful tradition of conservative activism that Keck describes, the alternative might well have been . and could well still be . something more like a chainsaw.
© 2005 Independent Media Institute. All rights reserved.
View this story online at:

@_date: 2007-12-28 17:06:44
@_author: "' =JeffH '" 
@_subject: Storm, Nugache lead dangerous new botnet barrage 
Storm, Nugache lead dangerous new botnet barrage
By Dennis Fisher, Executive Editor
19 Dec 2007 | SearchSecurity.com
In early 2006, Dave Dittrich, a senior security engineer and researcher at the University of Washington in Seattle, got a sample of a new strain of malware from a colleague, and began monitoring its activity. The Trojan was a bit lazy at first, making just a few outbound connections. But it quickly became obvious that this was no ordinary piece of malware, because each of the connections was to a peer and not a central command and control server.
This was strange behavior for PCs that have been compromised by this type of malware. The members of a distributed network like this typically communicate only with one central machine, called the command and control server. It's a top-down structure; the C&C server gives the commands and the compromised PCs carry them out. However, this new network didn't seem to have one C&C server that was running the show, and the malware itself couldn't really even be classified as a bot as it didn't make its first IRC connection for more than a month. IRC, or Internet Relay Chat, is the preferred method of communication for botnet controllers.
But with this network, in lieu of one C&C server, there were a number of peers around the network that were sending out commands and serving as download sites for various pieces of the network. So if one of the peers in the network that the attacker is using to issue commands to the rest of the network is shut down, the attacker could simply begin sending orders through another peer. This made the entire network of compromised PCs equal partners and made the prospect of disabling the network incredibly daunting.
As troubling as this new development was, more troubling was the fact that the peers sending out the commands changed on the fly and, as Dittrich watched, various members of the network would drop off botnet, only to reappear days or weeks later. So the shape and size of the botnet was changing almost constantly, with entire branches going dark for extended periods of time and peers jumping from one portion of the network to another seemingly on a whim. And, to add to the pile of bad news, the bots were communicating with each other over an encrypted channel, making it all but impossible to listen in on their conversations.
Dittrich, one of the top botnet researchers in the world, has been tracking botnets for close to a decade and has seen it all. But this new piece of malware, which came to be known as Nugache, was a game-changer. With no C&C server to target, bots capable of sending encrypted packets and the possibility of any peer on the network suddenly becoming the de facto leader of the botnet, Nugache, Dittrich knew, would be virtually impossible to stop.
"The authors are making these subtle little changes to keep it under the radar, and they're succeeding," said Dittrich.
This is the future of malware and it's not a pretty picture. What it is, is a nightmare: a new breed of malicious software developed, tested and sold by professionals and engineered to change on the fly, adapt to its environment and evade traditional defenses.
Nugache, and its more famous cousin, the Storm Trojan, are not simply the next step in the evolution of malware. They represent a major step forward in both the quality of software that malware authors are producing and in the sophistication of their tactics. Although they're often referred to as worms, Storm and Nugache are actually Trojans. The Storm creator, for example, sends out millions of spam messages on a semi-regular basis, each containing a link to content on some remote server, normally disguised in a fake pitch for a penny stock, Viagra or relief for victims of a recent natural disaster. When a user clicks on the link, the attacker's server installs the Storm Trojan on the user's PC and it's off and running.
Various worms, viruses, bots and Trojans over the years have had one or two of the features that Storm, Nugache, Rbot and other such programs possess, but none has approached the breadth and depth of their feature sets. Rbot, for example, has more than 100 features that users can choose from when compiling the bot. This means that two different bots compiled from an identical source could have nearly identical feature sets, yet look completely different to an antivirus engine.
The creators of these Trojans and bots not only have very strong software development and testing skills, but also clearly know how security vendors operate and how to outmaneuver defenses such as antivirus software, IDS and firewalls, experts say. They know that they simply need to alter their code and the messages carrying it in small ways in order to evade signature-based defenses. Dittrich and other researchers say that when they analyze the code these malware authors are putting out, what emerges is a picture of a group of skilled, professional software developers learning from their mistakes, improving their code on a weekly basis and making a lot of money in the "If you look at the way [Storm] is used, it's clear that money is changing hands and that the software has gone through a testing and revision process," said Phillip Porras, a program director at SRI International in Menlo Park, Calif., who has studied Storm's behavior. "The botnet is out there to help some group of people make money. This kind of malware is an economy now. Storm is not meant to spread across the entire Internet. It's meant to compromise specific targets. It's a network that is very good at producing money."

@_date: 2013-10-25 20:30:07
@_author: Jeff.Hodges@kingsmountain.com 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] programable computers inside our computers 
Quoting Viktor Dukhovni (2013-10-22 06:50:38)
Dragos Ruiu: More on my ongoing chase of  malware.
 on G+
 (AND LOTSA PARANOIA, PLUS FIREWORKS)
Persistent BIOS malware with hypervisor and SDR found
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-25 20:30:07
@_author: Jeff.Hodges@KingsMountain.com 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] programable computers inside our computers 
Quoting Viktor Dukhovni (2013-10-22 06:50:38)
Dragos Ruiu: More on my ongoing chase of  malware.
 on G+
 (AND LOTSA PARANOIA, PLUS FIREWORKS)
Persistent BIOS malware with hypervisor and SDR found
The cryptography mailing list
