
@_date: 2002-01-31 00:07:29
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: Former CIA Director, Bush, veered like a hijacked 
Former CIA Director, Bush, veered like a hijacked jetliner into ramblings about "liberal" critics alleging prisoner mistreatment Posted on Sunday, January 27 @ 13:11:07 EST By Larry Chin
YellowTimes.ORG Guest Columnist (YellowTimes.ORG) - In a rare television appearance yesterday, former
(or some say still current) president George Herbert Walker Bush lashed
out personally at John Walker Lindh, the American who took up arms with
the Taliban. Shaking with rage, the elder Bush spit venomously about how
he has "absolutely no sympathy" for the Taliboy teenager, and how sick
he was of "liberal Marin County hot tubbers." The former CIA Director veered like a hijacked jetliner into ramblings
about "liberal" critics alleging prisoner mistreatment (we can assume he
was referring to "liberals" like the Red Cross and European government
leaders who have a problem with Guantanamo), and the need to "get tough
and get behind the military" (as if the mass goose stepping isn't quite
"getting" enough for his tastes).
Pure vindictiveness may explain some of the Carlyle Group senior
adviser's lust to see the young Taliboy's neck in a noose. More likely,
Poppy Bush is angry that his son, President W., is being confronted by a
nemesis from his own dark Iran-Contra past: James Brosnahan. James Brosnahan, former federal prosecutor and former member of the
Lawrence Walsh Independent Counsel team, is John Walker Lindh's
attorney. Recall that the elder Bush hated no one on earth more than Walsh. In his
book Shadow, Bob Woodward describes how, during the height of the Walsh
inquiry, Bush received a "Lawrence Walsh" doll as a gag Christmas gift
from a member of his staff. Bush slammed the doll repeatedly against his
desk, shouting, "Take that, Walsh!" Recall that Bush and his minions did everything possible to obstruct
Walsh's investigation. Walsh's team had discovered notes written by
Caspar Weinberger which disproved Bush's claim that he had been "out of
the loop." These notes proved that Weinberger had knowledge of $25
million in Saudi Arabian contributions to the Nicaraguan contras. Recall that it was Brosnahan who spoke out against White House attacks
against Walsh as blatant obstruction of justice. In a piece written by
Robert Parry (from Mother Jones January 1993): "It was all so transparent that I was disappointed more people didn't
pick up on the fact that all they were really trying to do was obstruct
the trial of Weinberger. It was going to be a hell of a trial,"
Brosnahan said. V"The full story would have been told, as it pertained
to the [obstruction] counts of the indictment. They [senior Reagan-Bush
officials] couldn't have a trial. The cross- examination of Caspar
Weinberger was going to be an event." According to Brosnahan, the trial would have shown that Weinberger knew
as early as summer 1985 that President Ronald Reagan had personally
authorized missile shipments to Iran in violation of the Arms Control
Export Act, and that this potentially impeachable act was concealed by
constructing a false record. "The August [1985] meeting [of Reagan's
National Security Council] discussed having Israel send the missiles to
Iran and replenishing them out of U.S. stocks," says Brosnahan.
"Weinberger is responsible for all missiles. The Secretary of Defense is
the guy." Another guy who stood to lose his exalted standing in Washington if the
trial took place was General Colin Powell, who was Weinberger's
principal aide in 1985. In an affidavit, Powell said he "saw virtually
all the papers that went in and out of [Weinberger's] office" and thus
would have had direct access to the evidence of missile replenishment.
Early in the investigation, Powell gave conflicting accounts of his
knowledge of Weinberger's extensive personal notes, denying knowledge of
their existence (when Weinberger was claiming he didn't take any), and
then saying in 1992 that the notes were no secret and describing them in
detail (after Weinberger was forced to cough them up). One of the prosecution's star witnesses would have been White House
Chief of Staff Donald Regan, who finally would have recounted the
frantic Oval Office scrambling to contain the scandal in November 1986,
Brosnahan says. "Regan would say that when it broke, he denied things.
But there came a point when he knew it was out of control. At some
point, in December [1985] or January [1986], he wanted to get the whole
thing out." In his notorious final act as president, George H.W. Bush pardoned
Caspar Weinberger. He also pardoned the rest of his Iran-Contra gang.
Elliott Abrams, his former assistant secretary of state for
Inter-American affairs. Former National Security Adviser Robert
McFarlane. And CIA agents and friends Dewey Clarridge, Alan Fiers, and
Clair George. In defending John Walker, Brosnahan has vowed to fight the current Bush
administration every step of the way. Brosnahan has many points to
raise. For example, Walker Lindh joined the Taliban during a period in
which the Bush (and Clinton) administration considered the Taliban to be
an ally. And that the Bush administration handed over $100 million in
aid to the Taliban, including a $43 million check in May 2001. All of which, by objective reason, makes George W. Bush and his entire
administration guilty of the same charges leveled against Lindh,
including "providing material support" and "willfully and knowingly
contributing goods and services to, and for the benefit of, the Taliban"
and "supplying directly and indirectly goods and services to the
territory of Afghanistan controlled by the Taliban." When faced with stress, scandal and opposition, Bush family members
don't like it. They wind up vomiting on the laps of Japanese officials,
or having bruising Pretzel-gate fainting spells. And starting wars. It is time for all of us to sit back, in our "liberal Marin County" hot
tubs, and witness the spectacle of Bush vs. Brosnahan: The Sequel. And
look out for dirty tricks. Larry Chin is a freelance journalist.

@_date: 2002-01-14 17:35:58
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: James Bovard On Fighting Terrorism, Saving Tyrants 
Thought you might enjoy this bouquet for the war on terrorism.
take it easy,
              USA Today   January 10, 2002
                   Don't bed down with tyrants to fight terrorism
                   By James Bovard
                   President Bush recently declared: "So long as anybody's
                   terrorizing established governments, there needs to be a war."
                   Bush rightfully sought international support for the campaign
                   to put the al_Qaeda terrorist network out of business. But the
                   war on terrorism threatens to become a license for tyranny.
                   The United Nations is concerned that an expansive call for
                   governments to crack down on terrorism - a crime that is not
                   clearly defined - is spurring a surge of oppression around the
                   world. Los Angeles Times writer William Orme detailed some of
                   the ways governments are exploiting the new war to repress
                   their citizens:
                   The Cuban government, as part of its war on terrorism, added a
                   new law allowing the death penalty for anyone who uses the
                   Internet to incite political violence.
                   Zimbabwe's war on terrorism includes a proposal to                    any critical comment about President_dictator Robert Mugabe.
                   Syria bragged to the U.N. that financial support for
                   terrorists was effectively curtailed by the absence of any
                   private banking system or independent charities, Orme
                   reported. In other words, a government that totally destroys
                   freedom expects to be applauded as an anti_terrorist  superstar.
                   Bacre Waly Ndiaye, a chief U.N. human_rights officer, recently
                   complained: "In some countries, non_violent activities have
                   been considered as terrorism, and excessive measures have been
                   taken to suppress or restrict individual rights, including the
                   presumption of innocence, the right to a fair trial, freedom
                   from torture, privacy rights, freedom of expression and
                   assembly, and the right to seek asylum."
                   Many of these complaints, in fact, apply to the actions of the
                   Bush administration. A new law decimates individual privacy by
                   giving the FBI the de facto right to vacuum up practically
                   anyone's e_mail. Permanent resident aliens who publicly
                   criticize the U.S. government's war on terrorism can be banned
                   from re_entering the United States. Some have floated the
                   suggestion that permitting the torture of suspects could help
                   avert future terrorist attacks. And Bush's executive order for
                   military tribunals threatens to bring unsavory aspects of
                   Third World "justice" to American shores.
                   A myopic focus on private_sector criminals risks giving a
                   green light to more dangerous government abuses. A core
                   fallacy of the war on terrorism - as opposed to attacking and
                   destroying al_Qaeda - is that terrorism is worse than anything
                   else imaginable. Unfortunately, governments have committed far
                   worse abuses than al_Qaeda or any other terrorist cabal.
                 Official murderers
                   Mass murder was the most memorable achievement of some
                   20th_century governments. The Black Book of Communism, a 1997
                   scholarly French compendium, detailed how 85 million to 100
                   million people came to die at the hands of communist regimes
                   in the Soviet Union, China, Cambodia and elsewhere. In Death
                   by Government, R.J. Rummel declared that some 170 million
                   people were killed in one of "the myriad ways governments have
                   inflicted death on unarmed, helpless citizens and                   By raising terrorist attacks to the pinnacle of political
                   evil, the war on terrorism implicitly sanctifies whatever
                   tactic governments use in the name of repressing terrorism.
                   But, in the long run, people have far more to fear from
                   governments than from terrorists.
                    Bush's labeling of attacks on any "established government" as
                   a justification of counterterrorism ignores the fact that some
                   governments are little more than criminal conspiracies against
                   their victims. The United States was created as a result of
                   popular uprisings and attacks on an established government
                   that was far less oppressive than many current regimes in
                   Africa and Asia.
                   The Bush administration must find a way to fight terrorism
                   without sanctifying tyranny. The word "terrorism" must not
                   become an incantation that miraculously razes all existing
                   limits on government power. The fact that governments such as
                   Syria and Zimbabwe can justify their oppression by invoking
                   the war against terrorism is an embarrassment to anyone who
                   both opposes terrorism and favors human rights.
         James Bovard is the author of Lost Rights (St. Martin's Press, 1994)  and Freedom in
                   Chains (St. Martin's, 1999).
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-02-21 22:58:10
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: DNA profiling 'will transform policing' 
DNA profiling 'will transform policing'
Thursday 21st February 2002
The Home Secretary says continued investment in DNA profiling to catch
criminals would eventually transform the way police operate.
David Blunkett visited the Forensic Science Service (FSS) laboratory in
Birmingham where he loaded the 1.5 millionth DNA sample onto the National
DNA Database.
The figure marks a halfway point in the FSS's aim to store three million DNA
profiles of criminals by 2004.
After giving staff a swab of his own DNA and loading the 1.5 millionth
sample, Mr Blunkett joked: "I have got mine on there.
"I hope that they (FSS) will not be solving any burglaries or any other
criminalities tonight, otherwise they will put them down to me."
The Government has invested £187 million into a major expansion of the
database, which began in April 2000 and is due for completion by March 2004.
The number of profiles entered was doubled in 2000-2001 compared with the
previous year, resulting in a 34% increase in matches and a 72% increase in
detections where a match had been made.
Mr Blunkett said forensic scientists now had the technology to look at
unsolved crimes up to 25 years old in a bid to bring the perpetrators to
"This is going to be a transformation in the operation of the way the police
do their job and the catching of serious as well as minor criminals," he
The rapid growth of the service was making a real difference, said Mr
In 2000-01, 14,785 crimes were detected using the database, compared with
8,612 the previous year.
------------------------ Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~-->
Get your FREE credit report with a FREE CreditCheck
Monitoring Service trial

@_date: 2002-02-03 19:36:16
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: INFO: Intricate Screening Of Fliers In Works 
"Theoretically, the system could be calibrated to watch for people with
links to restaurants or other places thought to be favored by terrorist
cells. It might also note phone calls and match individuals against
government watch lists. A potential link to a threatening character or
region could boost a passenger's score"
Washington Post Friday, February 1, 2002
        By Robert O'Harrow Jr.
Intricate Screening Of Fliers In Works
Database Raises Privacy Concerns
Federal aviation authorities and technology companies will soon begin
testing a vast air security screening system designed to instantly pull
together every passenger's travel history and living arrangements, plus a
wealth of other personal and demographic information.
The government's plan is to establish a computer network linking every
reservation system in the United States to private and government
databases. The network would use data-mining and predictive software to
profile passenger activity and intuit obscure clues about potential
threats, even before the scheduled day of flight.
It might find, for instance, that one man used a debit card to buy tickets
for four other men who sit in separate parts of the same plane -- four men
who have shared addresses in the past. Or it might discern an array of
unusual links and travel habits among passengers on different flights.
Those sorts of details -- along with many other far more subtle patterns
identified by computer programs -- would contribute to a threat index or
score for every passenger. Passengers with higher scores would be singled
out for additional screening by authorities.
As described by developers, the system would be an unobtrusive network
enabling authorities to target potential threats far more effectively
while reducing lines at security checkpoints for most passengers. Critics
say it would be one of the largest monitoring systems ever created by the
government and a huge intrusion on privacy.
Although such a system would rely on existing software and technology, it
could be years before it is fully in place, given that enormous amounts of
data would need to be integrated and a structure would need to be
established for monitoring passenger profiles.
At least one carrier, Delta Air Lines, has been working with several
companies on a prototype. Northwest Airlines has acknowledged that it is
talking with other airlines about a similar screening system. Federal
authorities hope to test at least two prototypes in coming months or
possibly sooner, according to government and industry sources familiar
with the effort.
"This is not fantasy stuff," said Joseph Del Balzo, a former acting
administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and a security
consultant working on one of the profiling projects. "This technology,
based on transaction analysis, behavior analysis, gives us a pretty good
idea of what's going on in a person's mind."
The screening plans reflect a growing faith among aviation and government
leaders that information technology can solve some of the nation's most
vexing security problems by rooting out and snaring people who intend to
commit terrorist acts.
But a range of policy and technical questions still need to be answered
before the system can become a reality. The Transportation Security
Administration, for example, must decide on a set of standards so
technology companies and airlines can begin building a system. They must
also figure out how to pay for the system and its operation. Industry
officials said they hope the system will cost, on average, much less than
$2 per ticket.
Officials at the TSA declined to comment, saying they did not want to
disclose any details that might undermine aviation security.
Government officials and companies also face questions about privacy. In
interviews, more than a dozen people working on two parallel projects said
they were taking pains to protect individual privacy. They intend to limit
the personal information shared with airlines and security officials.
But developers face restrictions on how much information they can use.
Industry officials have already discussed with lawmakers the possible need
to roll back some privacy protections in the Fair Credit Reporting Act and
Driver's Privacy Protection Act to enable them to use more of the credit
and driver's-license data.
Civil liberties activists said they fear the system could be the
beginnings of a surveillance infrastructure that will erode existing
privacy protections. When told about the system, Barry Steinhardt,
associate director of the American Civil Liberties Union, said it would be
"a massive complex system of surveillance."
"It really is a profound step for the government to be conducting
background checks on a large percentage of Americans. We've never done
that before," he said. "It's frightening."
Some critics also worry that law enforcement authorities will be tempted
to use it for broader aims, such as snaring deadbeat parents or profiling
for drug couriers.
"If you can profile for terrorists, you can profile for other things,"
said Richard M. Smith, an independent computer security and privacy
specialist. "The computer technology is so cheap and getting so much
cheaper, you just have to be careful: Turn up the volume a little bit, and
we just use the air transportation system to catch everybody."
Airlines rely on a couple dozen variables to screen passengers, such as
how they bought tickets, whether they're flying one-way and travel
history, people familiar with the system said. The details of that system,
known as Computer Assisted Passenger Screening, or CAPS, are closely
guarded. But security specialists regard that system -- expanded after
Sept. 11 -- as limited.
The systems under development would include a thousand or more minute
details and computer-derived conclusions about a person's travel, daily
activity over time and whether he or she has coordinated activity with
other passengers, possibly on other flights, according to the groups
developing the systems.
Two leading prototypes are being developed. One group is led by HNC
Software, a risk-detection specialist that works for credit card issuers,
telephone companies, insurers and others. HNC is working with several
companies, including PROS Revenue Management, which has access to seating
records of virtually every U.S. passenger, and Acxiom Corp., one of the
world's largest data-marketing companies, which collects such information
as land records, car ownership, projected income, magazine subscriptions
and telephone numbers.
"We can quickly build a system that is much more effective than anything
in place today," said Joseph Sirosh, executive director of advanced
technology solutions at HNC Software. "There is a night-and-day
A second group is being led by Accenture. It has worked for months on a
prototype with a variety of companies, including Delta. Data giant
Equifax, Sabre Inc. (which is responsible for about half of U.S. airline
reservations), IBM and other companies have also been working on profiling
Both systems are designed to use travel information and other data to
create models of "normal" activity. Then they will look for variations in
individual behavior that might suggest risk. Both may eventually make use
of some sort of biometric system that uses iris scans, fingerprints or
other immutable characteristics.
Officials at both HNC and Accenture said they take care with the personal
information their systems collect and parse. The HNC prototype, for
instance, does not link a passenger's personal information to a
passenger's threat index. Officials also pledged that there will be no
racial profiling, in part because ethnicity often has no bearing on
potential risk.
The HNC prototype uses software known as neural networks, which can
"learn" subtle patterns and relationships by processing millions of
records, to predict when a particular transaction is likely to be
fraudulent. The company already uses neural networks software to
accurately profile the activity of millions of credit card owners,
telephone callers and people receiving insurance benefits to crack down on
The HNC prototype would allow authorities, based in control rooms, to
examine potential threats across the aviation system. One computer screen,
for instance, includes a "prioritized passenger list" with passengers on a
particular flight ranked from the highest risk to the lowest. The same
screen also includes a box called "passenger coordination" with the names
of other travelers that the computer has somehow linked to a high-risk
passenger. Other screens show an aggregate threat for planes, airports and
the entire system.
The Accenture system also creates a threat index, using massive computing
power and relational database software. It examines travel data to look
for things such as routes involving odd destinations or flying patterns.
To search for threads linking individuals, the system will sift huge
amounts of travel records, real estate histories and "seven layers" of
passenger associates, according to Accenture partner Brett Ogilvie.
For instance, it would note if an individual lived at the former address
of someone considered high-risk. Theoretically, the system could be
calibrated to watch for people with links to restaurants or other places
thought to be favored by terrorist cells. It might also note phone calls
and match individuals against government watch lists. A potential link to
a threatening character or region could boost a passenger's score, he
A limited model report, generated by Accenture on one individual, looked
like any number of publicly available dossiers provided by information
services. It included all his addresses for the past two decades, the
telephone numbers and former addresses of people who now occupy those
residences, and the names, ages, addresses, telephone numbers and partial
Social Security numbers of possible relatives. Some of the information was
incomplete or, apparently, unrelated to the passenger.
The company said it would eventually like to have more data in the
analysis, including embassy warnings, passport information, foreign watch
lists. Eventually, with government approval, they would link the system to
a national ID or some sort of biometric or both.
The index would send color-coded signals to airlines. Green would indicate
no problem. Yellow would indicate the need for more questioning. Red means
apprehend. Ogilvie said the company would try to offer the same sort of
service to cruise ships and other facilities that want to bolster
"The data is there and the technology is there," Ogilvie said. "There's a
lot of value. There's a lot of data."
Paul Werbos, a senior National Science Foundation official and a neural
networks specialist, said such systems need to be used carefully. While
there is no doubt that profiling can improve security, Werbos said, "we
have to be very careful not to create punishments, disincentives, for
being different from average."
*** NOTICE: In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material
is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest
in receiving the included information for research and educational
purposes. Feel free to distribute widely but PLEASE acknowledge the
original source. ***
