
@_date: 2002-06-09 21:46:56
@_author: Est. 
@_subject: ETLK Possibly Undervalued? 
OTC/BB Symbol:
      ETLK
Mrkt. Cap:$12 M
Shares:       Outstanding:34,400,000
Float       (Est.):1,500,000
ETLK REPORTS  18% INCREASE IN REVENUE       CLICK BELOW TO LEARN MORE
  PRESS
        RELEASE |
        FILINGS
Today reported an increase of 18.2% in revenue or $2,947,878, for the       first quarter 2002, as compared to $2,493,188 Q1, 2001. The Per-share       earnings for Q1 2002 remained inline with Q1 2001 at a loss of one cent       per share.
The market in China is the world's fastest growing telecommunication       market. With an office in Cerritos, CA. and an affiliate in Boston, MA.        ETLK is a leading telecommunications company with corporate owned       international gateway digital switching facilities in China, Hong Kong,       U.S., Taiwan and Singapore. These facilities have the capability of PRI,       C7, SS7 and other signaling commonly used by major international carriers.       This allows ETLK to operate international telecommunications services on       both sides of the Pacific to over 220 foreign destinations.
RECENT     ACQUISITIONS
GridTel.Net has points of     presence (POPs) assets in Kathmandu, 2 sites in Bangladesh, Indonesia,     Mongolia, Bangkok, Mumbai, Dehli, Manila, and Cambodia. The company has     strong relationships with local ISPs and international carriers in the     Indo-China and South Asia regions, and provides direct routes to Nepal,     India, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Singapore, Cambodia, Laos, Pakistan and the     Philippines. GridTel.Net records over 10 million calling minutes per month     and is a holder of an External Telecommunications Services (ETS) license in     Hong Kong. GridTel's projected annual revenues for 2002 are US$24 million,     with approximate annual gross profit of US$1.44 million.
TOTAL TELCOM     PRESENCES
They enable     telecommunications carriers and other service providers the ability to offer     long distance voice, data, fax, and VOIP services to their end-customers,     through an advanced and scaleable network.
    ETLK has points of presence (POP) in locations where most major     international carriers are located (New York City, Boston and Los Angeles ),     which enables the Company to have easy access to its customers, as well as     the most competitive international termination rates in the world. The     Company's operations employ advanced systems including call collection and     call data storage linking to a proprietary reporting system which permitting     management to determine the profitability margins by destination country, by     customer, as well as for overall daily operations.
INVESTMENT     HIGHLIGHTS
The Gartner Group estimates the       global telecommunications market is projected to reach approximately       US$1.9 trillion by 2003.
Globally, Voice over IP (VOIP)       traffic was responsible for a record-setting 7.7 billion minutes in 2000,       and the market is still in its early stages. It is expected to grow       dramatically, to 500 billion minutes by 2005.
ETLK also has       expanding networks and agreements with AT&T, MCI Worldcom Inc., Global       Crossing, New World Telephone, Wharf New       T&T, Worldcom Asia Pacific, Great       Wall Broadband.
ETLK's 2002 revenue       porjections is USD $20 million.
ETLK has agreements       with their major carriers and opening new routes, Indonesia, Vietnam and       Cuba. This will add to their revenue with less cost.
ETLK’s market cap       is currently less than their sales revenue.
CONTACT YOUR BROKER NOW!
ETLK       has shown excellent business execution despite the tough economy and has       maintained a significant cost advantage over the competition and       been achieving its objectives in a consistent and superlative fashion       resulting in more than an 18%       growth in 1st       quarter 2001. Call your Broker       Now!
Disclaimer Madison, Wall & LaSalle (MW&L) is an independent electronic publisher       of information on selected public companies. In consideration of its       electronic dissemination of the information contained in this notice. MW&L       has received A) 100,000 shares of ETLK common stock restricted, Rule 144,       and B) Cash Payment of $20,000. MW&L did not receive any other       compensation, of any kind, for its services other than stated herein. MW&L       is not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer. MW&L has been       advised that the investments in companies profiled are considered to be       high risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes only       if anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to invest       without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial       broker. If any party decides to participate as an investor then it will be       at the investor's sole risk. All information provided by the profiled       companies may include information provided by outside sources, such as       research reports, public filings or computer databases and information       provided to MW&L by management of the profiled company. All information is       provided by the companies profiled and MW&L makes no representations,       warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the       disclosure by the profiled companies. Investors should not rely solely on       the information presented. Rather, investors should use the information       provided by the profiled companies as a starting point for doing       additional independent research on the profiled companies in order to       allow the investor to form his or her own opinion regarding investing.       Factual statements made by the profiled companies are made as of the date       5/10/2002 and are subject to change without notice. The receipt of this       information shall not create, under any circumstances, any implication       that there has been no change in the affairs of the company profiled since       the date of review. Investing in micro-cap securities is highly       speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk. It is possible       that an investor's entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the       speculative nature of the companies profiled. MW&L makes no recommendation       that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased, sold or       held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies       through MW&L. Certain of the statements contained in the information may       be forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities       Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by such       terms as ``expect,'' ``believe,'' ``may,'' ``will,'' and ``intend'' or       similar terms. MW&L or its affiliates may have a position in the       securities mentioned herein and may make purchases, transfers or sales       thereof.
