
@_date: 2002-06-03 13:43:47
@_author: FOD 
@_subject: Fax-On-Demand 
Reach hundreds of thousands
of potential customers with YOUR OWN EXCLUSIVE
FAX-ON-DEMAND Reap giant benefits from Global Fax WITHOUT the need to own your own fax machine - it can't get any easier than that! WHY DO YOU NEED A FAX-ON-DEMAND SYSTEM?
For 3 Very Simple Reasons: To reach CURRENT and FUTURE: Customers Clients Members Distributors Partners Employees Contractors Vendors To MAKE and SAVE MORE MONEY while SPENDING LESS for Advertising and Marketing! To BUILD YOUR BUSINESS worldwide at low cost! Have an Unlimited Number of People Receiving Your Information, 24/7 !
Exactly what is Fax-On-Demand?
Fax-On-Demand (FOD) allows a caller from ANYWHERE in the world, to dial a telephone number from the handset of ANY fax machine, then following the voice prompts they hear, enters a 3 digit Document number they want (YOUR Document number) and, within seconds of them pressing "Enter" or "Start" on the fax machine, out comes between 1-11 pages of whatever information you want them to have! Now, here's the BEST part: Your prospects, clients, customers, employees, ANYONE, will get the information whenever THEY want it!  Anytime!  24 hours per day - 365 days a year! NO more re-printing costs!  NO more mailing costs!  Think of all the money YOU save! You do not pay any telephone costs - you use our telephone lines and equipment.  You don't even have to own a fax machine! Make Money While You Sleep!
Time zones and geography don't matter!  When your prospect wants your info - they want it NOW!  So, give them the chance to do business with you.  Remember, prospects who receive info when THEY want it, make for very happy customers! You Are ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED The Following Benefits: Save Money on Printing and Re-Printing, Postage and Employee Time!  No need to keep re-printing information and spending money on postage and long distance costs to fax your material!  You print your information ONCE, we load it into YOUR Fax-On-Demand and you're done.  Save Time and Labor Costs!  Simply give your prospects, customers or employees your phone number with your own document number and, at their convenience, they will access YOUR material immediately! NO more extra mailings!  NO more lost money!  Reduce the size of your ads by simply including your Fax-On-Demand (FOD) number in your ad with a simple, "For complete information by FAX, please call from any fax machine, XXX-XXX-XXXX and enter Doc. # XXX!"  Save Energy in managing large volumes of requests and responses!  Increase Profits and Keep Customers Happy! Do NOT lose an interested prospect again!  With your own Fax-On-Demand (FOD), they receive all the information you want them to have, When They Want It!  Worldwide Access to Your Information with No Limit to the Calls You Receive!  NO hidden fees!  NO set-up fees!  NO invisible fees! You pay NO long distance charges or paper charges!  More Sales!  Fewer Interruptions!  Less Work! Some have "extra" charges, such as whenever you want to change your information stored in your Fax-On-Demand Document box. Well, we haven't forgotten that our customers are important to us and we want to earn your trust! We charge NO fee to change your information - ever! NO application fee!  NO set-up fee! Our customers are the BEST and we value YOU!  We give our customers the BEST customer service in the industry - BAR NONE! For the complete details and pricing Click Here NOW!
To opt out, Click Here
