
@_date: 2002-10-12 05:57:06
@_author: if different from above 
@_subject: Create a PAYCHECK with your COMPUTER 
You get emails every day, offering to show you how to make
money. Most of these emails are from people who are NOT making any money. And
they expect you to listen to them?
If you want to make money with your computer, then you
should hook up with a group that is actually DOING it. We are making a large,
continuing income every month. What's more - we will show YOU how to do the
same thing.
This business is done completely by Internet and email, and
you can even join for free to check it out first.  If you can send an email, you can do this.  No special "skills" are
How much are we making?  Anywhere from $2000 to $9000 per month. We are real people,
and most of us work at this business part-time. But keep in mind, we do WORK at
it - I am not going to insult your intelligence by saying you can sign up, do
no work, and rake in the cash. 
That kind of job does not exist. But if you are willing to put in 10-12
hours per week, this might be just the thing you are looking for.
This is not income that is determined by luck, or work that
is done FOR you - it is all based on your effort.  But, as I said, there are no special skills required. And
this income is RESIDUAL -meaning that it continues each month (and it tends to
increase each month also).
Interested?  I
invite you to find out more.  You
can get in as a free member, at no cost, and no obligation to continue if you
decide it is not for you.  We are
just looking for people who still have that "burning desire" to find
an opportunity that will reward them incredibly well, if they work at it.
To grab a FREE ID simply reply to: jknox74
And in the body of the email write this phrase :  "Grab me a free
Be sure to include your:
1. First name
2. Last name
3. Email address (if different from above)
We will confirm your position and send you a special report
as soon as possible, and also your free Member Number.
That's all there's to it.
We'll then send your info, and you can make up your own
Looking forward to hearing from you!
Jennifer Knox P.S. After having several negative experiences with network Marketing
companies I had pretty much given up on them. This is different - there is
value, integrity, and a REAL opportunity to have your own home-based
business...And finally make real money on the Internet. Don't pass this up...you can sign up and test-drive the
Program for FREE.  All you need to do is get your free membership.
email is sent in compliance with strict anti-abuse Regulations. The message was
sent to you as a response to your ad, an opt-in Opportunity, your address was
collected as a result of you posting to one of My links, reviewing your web
site, you answering one of my classified ads, You have sent me an E-mail, or
you unknowingly had your e-mail added to an opt-in mailing list. You may remove
your E-mail address automatically at no cost to you whatsoever, simply click
the link Unsubscribe
and make sure "Remove" is in the Subject line. By submitting a
request for a FREE DHS Club Membership, I agree to accept email from the DHS Club
for both their consumer and business opportunities. Thank you.
message is not intended for residents of the state of Washington, and screening
of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability.  If you are Washington resident or otherwise
wish to be removed from this list, just follow the removal instructions above.
