
@_date: 2003-08-25 18:10:25
@_author: "Jeroen Massar" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
In related Dutch news:
which in (ugly) translated form says:
Campina Blackmailer worked anonymously by means of the Internet
the blackmailer of the milkfirm Campina was informed well of the possibilities of Internet and digital developments. That becomes clear from a tale of the Internet site  which are published Friday. Police force and judicial authorities came Thursday with a press bulletin concerning the extortion matter, after clear had become that the journalist of Netkwesties of all details was informed. According to the police force he had the data of the lawyer of the verdachte. Anonymizer   The verdachte will have used so-called anonymizer, with which can anonymously move on itself someone on the Internet. Without collaboration of the company which offers this service, is it nearly impossible trace someone. The man sent Campina a letter, in which he required that the company would open a bank account and then 200.000 euro would pay. Then the dairy company had the data of that account and invisibly hide the tenon code in a digital image of red Volkswagen. With the naked eye is that invisibly, there is a special programme for necessary obtain the data. The photograph had be placed of the blackmailer on car telegraph.Netherlands, among thousands other occasions. With the anonymizer he downloaded the blade and obtained the data of the account, thus Netkwesties. FBI   By analysing digital files of the telegraph telegraaf-concern, the police force ended up at a company in America to that the anonymizer offers,  At the request of the Netherlands the FBI beginning July would be to this company toegestapt and e mailadres of the verdachte have got. The company will have done that on voluntary basis. Using the e mailadres the police force could retrieve the identity and the address of the verdachte easily by means of a Dutch Internet proposer. Then the man was shadowed and, the moment he money pinde of Campina-rekening, apprehended. Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2011-10-13 11:46:17
@_author: Jeroen Massar 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] German police keylogger analysis (and the effects on 
If the adversary is taking a video or a high enough rate of screenshots
then they should be able to catch what keys are being pressed, it does
make it a bit harder.
As you said though, if you are locally attacked, you already lost.
But like always, just depends on what you are protecting against.
Traveling with throw-away hardware is therefor always a good idea if you
want to keep your stuff secure. The US also has the nasty policy of
effectively placing you in a no-law-zone before immigration.
Again, all depends on what one is protecting against and how paranoid
one is ;)
 Jeroen
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-11-30 13:04:07
@_author: Jeroen Massar 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
Not easily, this as TCP connections originate from the box itself.
According to  he at least got a full list of
what was confiscated including the various weapons in his possession,
that in combo with the owning of a safe deposit box (which was not
searched) with amongst others cash is an interesting part in personal
security IMHO though ;)
Actually they did not take anything away that was really related to the
what was detected.
The IP that the connection to the (apparently monitored or owned by the
$investigators) CP website came from was a rented server in Poland.
He apparently was notified that that exit node was being used for abuse
and thus 'closed it because of the hacking through it' (which really is
not helping when you still run others and looks a lot like you have
something to hide to me...)
All the other servers he apparently runs in the US and Hong Kong etc are
still up and running too.
Thus the computer things confiscated where effectively unrelated to the
IP that triggered them to look at it.
> On Thu, Nov 29, 2012 at
08:04:02AM -0500, Chris quoted (William):
The moment you can see that it is real CP you have seen CP.
Do not ask for that. There are special people who have legally signed
documents and agreements that investigate this.
What likely is the case, from what I understand, is that the server
hosting the CP was being either monitored or operated by $investigators.
Because they maybe think he originated it, see also the note above of
closing the Tor exit that (allegedly) sourced the request(s).
He already closed the node, apparently due to hacking happening through it.
But that would not help anyway, as it is Tor, thus unless you are really
really good there is nothing to see there as you'll never find out who
originated the connection through Tor.
The owner (the William person this is about) shut it down himself.
See the blog mentioned above for more details from his side.
 Jeroen
