
@_date: 2002-02-18 10:13:26
@_author: 8358kkmL8-877JLHH7381lNBt7-@25 
@_subject: Do you remember  me ? (8358kkmL8-877JLHH7381lNBt7-@25) 
: )))
I have been receiving emails saying that I'm contributing to the "moral
decay of society" by selling the Banned CD.  That may be, but I feel
strongly that you have a right to benefit from
this hard-to-find information.
So I am giving you ONE LAST CHANCE to order the Banned CD!
With this powerful CD, you will be able to investigate your friends, enemies
and lovers in just minutes using the Internet.  You can track down old
flames from college, or you can dig up some dirt on your boss to make sure
you get that next promotion!
Or maybe you want a fake diploma to hang on your bedroom wall.  You'll find
addresses for companies that make these diplomas on the Banned CD.
Need to disappear fast and never look back?  No problem!
Using the Banned CD, you will learn how to build a completely
new identity.
Obviously, the Powers That Be don't want you to have the Banned CD.  They
have threatened me with lawsuits, fines, and even imprisonment unless I stop
selling it immediately. But I feel that YOU have a Constitutional right to
access this type of information, and I can't be intimidated.
Uncle Sam and your creditors are horrified that I am still selling this
product!  There must be a price on my head!
Why are they so upset? Because this CD gives you freedom.
And you can't buy freedom at your local Walmart.  You will
have the freedom to avoid creditors, judgments, lawsuits, IRS
tax collectors, criminal indictments, your greedy ex-wife or
ex-husband, and MUCH more!
Please  Paste the URL to your Brower for the Detail!
You are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to
receive third party email communications regarding special online promotions
or offers. We strongly oppose the use of SPAM email and do not want to send
our mailings to anyone who does not wish to receive them. If you do not wish
to receive any further messages from Travel Easy. To Be Removed From Our
List
