
@_date: 2002-01-17 23:03:42
@_author: "Jesse M. Caulfield" 
@_subject: Jesse Caulfield : Introducing Key Bridge 
Announging Key Bridge International
McLean, VA  January 2002
Happy New Year! I hope this letter finds you well and that your Holiday
      season was spent safely with friends and family.
We have been very busy these past few months. Gathering some of the
      best talent in the industry, I co-founded Key Bridge International with
      the expressed goal to simplify international communications. I'd like to
      personally invite you to visit our web site at       where you'll find detailed information about all of our service offerings.
We are very excited to present our portfolio of fully integrated
      international communication services. We've worked hard to bring you
      seamless solutions combining undersea fiber systems, access to global
      satellite constellations,  collocation facilities in the US and UK,
      and the industry's best integration personnel to ensure seamless delivery.
Our state-of-the-art global infrastructure offers truly amazing speed,
      quality and flexibility to access the worlds biggest and most exciting
      carrier networks, including those from Tyco Telecom, Level-3,
      FLAG, Global Crossing and e-mergia. Our reach also
      extends to several Earth station gateways, bringing direct access to
      satellite services on the Intelsat, New Skies and PanAmSat
      fleets.
We offer international private line services from T1/E1 to OC-3/STM-1
      using the latest ultra-high speed optronics from Cisco Systems and Redback
      Networks. We're also pleased to offer high quality IP transit and Internet
      access from fractional T1/E1 to OC-12/STM-4 speeds using gigabit routers
      from Cisco Systems and Juniper Networks. Our infrastructure offers a
      seamless and convenient scaling capability we believe you'll really like.
      Please visit our web site to learn more
      about international private
      line, Internet, voice, collocation and other services we offer.
We've developed and are deploying our on-line Customer Service Center, where our
      customers have 24/7 direct access to review the status of pending orders,
      existing services, our facilities and any open issues. With this resource
      customers may also create and review trouble tickets, communicate with our
      engineers, and even self-diagnose potential network-related issues. We're
      very pleased with this capability and hope you'll take a moment to look at
      it.
Stay tuned: in the coming months we will bring to market several new
      and very exciting international solutions previously unseen in the
      industry. 2002 is shaping up to be a very exciting year and I look forward
      to communicating with you in the near future.
All the best to you and yours!
Jesse M. Caulfield, President & CEO
      Key Bridge International
Email: jesse.caulfield
Copyright © 2002 Key
      Bridge International, Inc. | If you do not wish to receive future
      announcements please click here.
