
@_date: 2015-01-19 00:28:34
@_author: "Jesse B. Crawford" 
@_subject: Re: Keybase 
Hash: SHA1
I have a Keybase profile at
I have several invites available as well if anyone else is interested.
I think of Keybase very positively, it is perhaps not perfect but it's
a big improvement in usability for typical people than the
web-of-trust system. Attaching cryptographic keys to social network
identities matches how most people really use the internet very well.
Perhaps this has already been mentioned, but it's worth pointing out
that the Keybase service (keybase.io) is NOT trusted to verify the
proofs. The keybase command-line tool verifies the proofs
independently itself, preventing the keybase service lying.
That said, I would not advocate uploading your private key to keybase.
There is a huge usability tradeoff surrounding this, and while Keybase
is trying to maintain as much security as possible, I'm not yet
convinced that it is safe to provide the private key to a third party
even if they have zero knowledge (primarily because of problems with
web browser cryptographic implementation).
Jesse B. Crawford
Student, Information Technology
New Mexico Inst. of Mining & Technology
 // jesse
 // jcrawford

@_date: 2015-01-06 01:28:14
@_author: "Jesse B. Crawford" 
@_subject: Re: Good ol' BSD vs. GPL 
Hash: SHA1
This isn't unheard of, the main example would be SQLite which is
completely public domain to great success. Although it depends on
jurisdiction, they explain this licensing arrangement as "Anyone is
free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute the
original SQLite code, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means," which sounds about as free as it can get to me.
I had a discussion with RMS about this not that long ago. In fact, the
discussion began with the BSD project, which he seems to view
primarily as an attempt to undermine the work of the FSF (an opinion
that he expresses in some of his public talks as well). Anyway, I
think it is apparent from talking to RMS that he feels that it is a
goal of GPL to prevent "user-subjugating" software vendors ever
obtaining any commercial advantage from GPL-licensed code. The theory
of it is a bit like not selling ammunition to KKK members or
something, RMS does not want to allow his enemies to use the tools he
Of course I don't agree with him in this regard, but that's because I
don't feel that closed-source software is intrinsically evil. From
RMS's perspective, that closed-source software is fundamentally a
violation of the rights of the user, it makes a great deal of sense.
I think that even FSF advocates increasingly don't align fully with
RMS on this issue, but his ideas have certainly influenced the GPL.
