
@_date: 2002-02-25 15:43:40
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: Anarchists in space. 
Nemo writes on Monday February 25 2002 @ 12:25AM PST: [ reply | parent ]
 "quantum mathematics and physics doesn't provide food and warmth and genuine human connection," note that quantum mechanics has made advanced communications and medical technology possible. In the course of an anarchist revolution, one would expect that steps would be taken to ensure that the benefits of these technologies could be accessible to people everywhere, not abandoned along with intrinsically harmful products of twentieth-century science like nuclear weapons.
Regarding space travel, I think it's very important. Living in harmony with nature is great, but nature doesn't stop at the edge of the atmosphere.
I also don't see why the aerospace industry couldn't be reorganized in an anarchist manner. The most advanced aircraft being produced today, and even a growing number of prototype spacecraft, are made by tiny companies and work teams.
In any case, if we don't have a post-revolutionary space program the whole planet's fucked the next time a big rock comes our way.
Circuit writes on Monday February 25 2002 @ 01:31AM PST: [ reply | parent ]
Okay, although this is fun to debate, honestly, we can't say what will or won't happen in the supposed anarchist future. I honestly think that certain technologies will continue to be developed through a freeing of scientists to focus on those technologies which will ultimately benefit humankind. Bomb technology is not something that people will develop through their own But regardless. Our struggle is to encourage people to dissolve power and return it to the hands of humanity. What people do with that power is out of our hands. It is very important that people are critical of all decisions made via direct democracy and anarchy, but we will be powerless to stop it, if ultimately, that is what people choose.
Now, I have enough faith in humanity that people will not come to a consensus which destroys humanity. This is why I'm comfortable with anarchy, and what anarchist societies will ultimately do with technology.
FROM Comments to a story,add your 2 c.
Send and receive Hotmail on your mobile device:

@_date: 2002-02-25 14:11:19
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: Nosebleeds. 
My pick from the daily bleed.
1892 -- Andre Soudy (1892-1913) lives, Beaugency, Loiret.
French anarchist illegalist, member of the Bonnot Gang. Soudy first met Bonnot & other gang members at the anarchist Romainville colony (where "L'anarchie" was published).
On March 25, 1912, Soudy took part in an attack in which two people were killed. He was captured March 30, 1912, sentenced to death February 28, 1913 & guillotined with Raymond Callemin & Monier on April 21, 1913.
Also on this day...
1920 -- US: Arrest of Andrea Salsedo & Roberto Elia, anarchist editors, for "interrogation" about the anarchist attacks of the previous year. Andrea Salsedo was suicided 3 May 1920, defenestrated from the 14th floor of the "Department of Justice" where he was being questioned. 1970 -- US: Isla Vista, Santa Barbara Bank of America burning.
1986 -- Philippines: Mass demonstrations overthrow Marcos dictatorship, Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2002-02-25 13:50:19
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: Sabotage.(background,historical.) 
Sabotage,a little background from the daily bleed.
1889 -- France: Emile Pouget's "Le Pere Peinard" begins publishing. A signatory to the "Charter of Amiens" (1906), endorsed by the CGT, Pouget also wrote numerous books & pamphlets, including "Direct Action" (1910), & "Since the day a man had the criminal ability to profit by another man's labor, since that very same day the exploited toiler has instinctively tried to give to his master less than was demanded from him. In this wise the worker was unconsciously doing SABOTAGE, demonstrating in an indirect way the irrepressible antagonism that arrays Capital & Labor one against the — Emile Pouget, Sabotage
See Arturo Giovanitti's introduction,
See Howard Lay, Reflecs d'un Gnaiff: Images of Insurrection in Emile Pouget's Le Pere Peinard
Also see Elizabeth Gurley Flynn's Sabotage & Martin Sprouse, Sabotage in the American Workplace at MSN Photos is the easiest way to share and print your photos:

@_date: 2002-02-25 13:23:27
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: The prison industrial complex. 
Organise!- magazine of the Anarchist Federation (Britain and Ireland) ISSUE FIFTY FIVE Address: AF c/o 84b Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 7QX, England, UK E-mail: anarchistfederation Web:  For the latest news, read resistance bulletin in print or on-line:  --- Masked Racism: Reflections on the Prison Industrial Complex By Angela Y. Davis Imprisonment has become the response of first resort to far too many of the social problems that burden people who are ensconced in poverty. These problems often are veiled by being conveniently grouped together under the category "crime" and by the automatic attribution of criminal behavior to people of color. Homelessness, unemployment, drug addiction, mental illness, and illiteracy are only a few of the problems that disappear from public view when the human beings contending with them are relegated to cages. Prisons thus perform a feat of magic. Or rather the people who continually vote in new prison bonds and tacitly assent to a proliferating network of prisons and jails have been tricked into believing in the magic of imprisonment. But prisons do not disappear problems, they disappear human beings. And the practice of disappearing vast numbers of people from poor, immigrant, and racially marginalized communities has literally become big business. The seeming effortlessness of magic always conceals an When prisons disappear human beings in order to convey the illusion of solving social problems, penal infrastructures must be created to accommodate a rapidly swelling population of caged people. Goods and services must be provided to keep imprisoned populations alive. Sometimes these populations must be kept busy and at other times -- particularly in repressive super-maximum prisons and in INS detention centers -- they must be deprived of virtually all meaningful activity. Vast numbers of handcuffed and shackled people are moved across state borders as they are transferred from one state or federal prison to another. All this work, which used to be the primary province of government, is now also performed by private corporations, whose links to government in the field of what is euphemistically called "corrections" resonate dangerously with the military industrial complex. The dividends that accrue from investment in the punishment industry, like those that accrue from investment in weapons production, onl The Color of Imprisonment Almost two million people are currently locked up in the immense network of U.S. prisons and jails. More than 70 percent of the imprisoned population are people of color. It is rarely acknowledged that the fastest growing group of prisoners are black women and that Native American prisoners are the largest group per capita. Approximately five million people -- including those on probation and parole

@_date: 2002-02-24 14:59:20
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: Death penalty for the CATO institute. 
The Death Penalty for Corporations Comes of Age
By Russell Mokhiber
Business Ethics
November 1, 1998
In two surprising recent cases, a law school professor and a circuit court judge seek to revoke the charters of corporate lawbreakers.
We know what the death penalty for individuals means: Commit an egregious crime, die at the hands of the state. What does it mean to talk about the ''death penalty'' for corporations?
More Inc..."On September 10, he and a coalition of more than 30 public interest organizations filed a petition calling on the attorney general (AG) of California to revoke the charter of Union Oil of California (Unocal). In social responsibility circles, Unocal is best (or perhaps worst) known for its controversial Burma pipeline, being built by a consortium co-owned in part by Unocal and the outlaw military regime there. For construction of the pipeline, the Burmese regime has reportedly seized land, forcibly relocated villages, and used unpaid labor -- even of children and the elderly. Benson's petition cites many other outrages as well -- including ''unspeakable'' human rights violations in Unocal's dealings with the Taliban militia in Afghanistan, which is known for its extreme cruelty in treatment of women; plus responsibility for the 1969 oil blowout in the Santa Barbara Channel; in addition to hundreds of other environmental and employee-safety violations. Noting that California routinely puts out of business hundreds of unruly accountants, lawyers, and doctors every year, the coalition called upon California Attorney General Dan Lungren (who is running for Governor) to revoke Unocal's charter.
''We're letting the people of California in on a well-kept secret,'' said Benson. ''The people mistakenly assume that we have to try to control these giant corporate repeat offenders one toxic spill at a time, one layoff at a time, one human rights violation at a time. But the law has always allowed the attorney general to go to court to simply dissolve a corporation for wrongdoing and sell its assets to others who will operate in the public In California, this power of charter revocation has apparently been invoked only once this century -- in 1976, when a conservative Republican AG asked a court to dissolve a private water company for allegedly delivering impure water to its customers..."And...the AG sought to revoke the charters of two corporations that put out allegedly deceptive ''scientific'' research for the tobacco industry.
Send and receive Hotmail on your mobile device:

@_date: 2002-02-24 14:45:22
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: Olympics; made in Burma 
Protest Olympic Uniforms Made in Burma
Source: American Anti-Slavery Group and Free Burma Coalition
Posted: February 21, 2002
BOSTON, MA (February 3, 2002) -- The American Anti-Slavery Group (AASG) and the Free Burma Coalition (FBC) today announced a campaign of protest over the fact that parts of the 2002 Winter Olympic Torchbearer uniforms were made in Burma.
The international community has repeatedly condemned Burma's military regime for employing a brutal system of forced labor. Burmese soldiers routinely conscript villagers to work on construction projects, carry supplies, or even sweep for landmines. Many of the victims are beaten or raped; none are paid for their labor.
In 1998, the International Labor Organization (ILO) called the system of forced labor in Burma "a saga of untold misery and suffering."
"Every purchase of a made-in-Burma product supports this regime," explained AASG's David Moore. Responding to the pro-democracy movement inside Burma, numerous companies, governments, and unions have cut ties with Burma. "Everyone else is getting out of Burma -- and with good reason," added Moore. "The International Olympic Committee (IOC) should follow suit."
Ironically, AASG staffers first learned about this development when escaped Sudanese slave Francis Bok donned his uniform to carry the Olympic torch past historic Plymouth Rock.
Over a thousand on-line activists have already lodged complaints with the Historically, the IOC has functioned above politics, but in extreme cases -- such as the banning of South Africa from the games during the Apartheid era

@_date: 2002-02-24 13:02:13
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: Navaho: FEAST OF HASTSELTSI, the Red God, God of racing.(daily bleed.) 
Daily Bleed
1894 -- Marius Monfray dies in Lyons. French anarchist & trade unionist. In November 1886, he was given eight days in prison for organizing an illegal lottery (in support for Bordat during the "Trial of the 66"). "Vive l'anarchie!" was his response -- one that got him two years of prison time for "contempt of court".
1898 -- Black postmaster lynched, his wife & 3 daughters shot, Lake City, South Carolina.
1928 -- Ku Klux Klan announces that, as of today, it would discard its masks & change its name to the "Knights of the Green Forest."
1930 -- Italy: Camillo Berneri sentenced to six months in prison.
The situation became more complicated when Carlo Rosselli & Emilio Dolci managed to escape from Italian prisons & reach Paris.
A series of bombs exploded in Nice & in bars in Cannes. The responsibility lay with the fascist régime, who expected the anarchists to be blamed, forcing the French government to repatriate them.
In the meantime, Camillo Berneri had been preparing an 'attentat' on Alfredo Rocco &endashthe man behind the infamous Rocco Penal Code &endash during his Brussels visit. Menapace arranged it so that Berneri would be arrested in Belgium, in possession of a pistol & some photographs of the Minister of Justice, Rocco. So, he was captured & Menapace returned to Rome. In court on 22nd February 1930, Berneri's friends were acquitted, but he himself was sentenced to six months in prison, while Menapace was sentenced 'in absentia' to two years, since it was accepted that he instigated the whole Once back on the other side of the Franco-Belgian border, Berneri went through a second trial for the same events & was sentenced to a year & two months. He was given amnesty on 14th July 1931 & expelled from the country, but, as he had already been declared undesirable ('persona non grata') in the surrounding countries, Berneri was again able to stay in Paris.
1943 -- Germany: Sophie Scholl, a 22-year-old activist at Munich University, is executed after being convicted of urging students to rise up & overthrow the Nazi government.
1965 -- Sam Lovejoy cuts down weather tower for proposed nuclear plant, Montague, Massachusetts. First act of civil disobedience against nuclear power in US.
1966 -- US: Barry Bondhus dumps 10 pounds of his own shit on draft files.
1969 -- AFL-CIO Executive Council, meeting in Bal Harbour, Florida, dismisses the concept of "black capitalism" as "apartheid, antidemocratic 1969 -- W. H. Auden, reviewing a biography of Alexander Pope, in The New  "As I get older, & the times get gloomier & more difficult, it is to poets like Horace & Pope that I find myself more & more turning for the kind of refreshment I require."
1983 -- Four years after the Three-Mile-Island nuclear power plant meltdown, the Salem-One reactor in Massachusetts almost causes another disaster when its automatic-shutdown system fails.
The circuit breakers are supposed to trigger control rods that shut down the reactor. They were designed to be oiled every six months, but an investigation reveals they have been lubricated only once in the past seven years -- & the wrong lubricant was used
1989 -- UK physicist Stephen Hawking calls Star Wars a "deliberate fraud".
More at MSN Photos is the easiest way to share and print your photos:

@_date: 2002-02-24 12:36:54
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: `Anarcho-sexism' Free women of Spain and E.Goldman.(book reviews) 
"Two recently published books discuss important questions about the historical relationship between anarchism and feminism. Martha Ackelsberg's Free Women of Spain examines the difficult development of an anarchist- feminist current within and alongside established anarchist and anarcho- syndicalist institutions. Following protracted debates, an independent strand of anarcho-feminism emerged in 1936 in the form of the Mujeres libres.[1] Emma Goldman, by Bonnie Haaland, discusses the political implications of Goldman's feminist interpretation of anarchist thought.[2] Her research identifies the unusual nature of Goldman's feminism: sharply critical of suffrage-orientated feminism, curiously and explicitly heterosexual in her sexual politics, but also forthright and eloquent in her assertion of women's rights and her critique of patriarchal oppression. Both these works significantly develop our knowledge of the anarchists' sexual politics, and help correct some of the flaws which have marked previous In this paper, I will develop ideas and debates initiated by these works,and so present a more wide-ranging survey of the relationship between the two traditions. It must be stressed that my aim is not to present an apology for, or denial of the confused and often disappointing response by anarchists to the development of feminism. `Anarcho-sexism' was a real and powerful force; it was a strong influence on many anarchist theorists and organizations, and it stunted much anarchist thought. However, it is too easy merely to register its existence: in this article I will examine in detail the structures and concepts within anarchist political culture which permitted and even encouraged the development of such attitudes. Having noted these limitations within anarchist thinking, it is then essential to qualify the perception of anarchism as inherently patriarchal by noting the existence of rival currents.
Surprisingly, there is evidence to suggest the growth of some lively proto-feminist, even fully feminist, currents within anarchism. Thus, the subject of this article can be seen as a double paradox: firstly the paradox that the anarchists, so proud of their anti-authoritarianism, of their sceptical analysis of power structures, of their real ability to challenge the dominant political cultures of the nineteenth century, were yet so blind to the existence of gender-based tyrannies. Our second paradox is that within this tough, masculine culture, there nonetheless developed a proto-feminist strand.A secondary objective is to move towards a redefinition of the anarchist political culture. To do this, we will examine a wide range of sources, taking note of the `classical' anarchist tradition represented by Godwin, Proudhon, Bakunin and Kropotkin, but also investigating lesser-known writers and thinkers.[4] While this article is too short to permit a full comparison with the sexual politics of the socialist tradition, some suggestions will be made to sketch out the differences between the two movements. The article will conclude by making some proposals for further research.
Material for discussion will be drawn from across the traditions of European anarchism, with some centrality being given to the two peaks of anarchist political culture: the radical debates of the French political avant-garde during the fin-de-siècle, and the mass political movement created by anarcho-syndicalists in twentieth-century Spain. Most of the primary material cited will be drawn from `the anarchist century' the hundred years between the publication of Proudhon's What is Property? in 1840, and the defeat of the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT) in Spain in 1939. To present a full discussion of these issues one would wish to examine them in the context of a grass-roots style social history of anarchist movements and of the milieus in which they flourished.[5] The focus presented here is somewhat narrower: a `textual' analysis, based on nothing more than a close reading of a wide range of anarchist and semi-anarchist works, and a survey of the critical literature on anarchism. The question of the relation of these texts to the lived experience of the anarchist milieu has not been addressed: I have worked on the assumption that these texts do have some meaningful and central relation to the anarchist movement, even if they do not reflect all its nuances.[6]...."
MSN Photos is the easiest way to share and print your photos:

@_date: 2002-02-24 12:32:27
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: "...uprising against institutions and government [and] organized from several co 
Longish (from  International Campaign to Free Ali Khalid Abdullah c/o Pushing Forward 2716 SE 21st Street Portland, OR 97202, USA freeali (503) 232-5817 (ask for Todd) Ali Khalid Abdullah, a New Afrikan political prisoner has been unjustly labelled a "suspected security threat" and "suspected terrorist" by the Michigan Department of Corrections (MDOC.)
These accusations came at the same time as Ali's sudden transfer from the Thumb Correctional Facility to another state-level prison.
Since his incarceration in 1990, Ali has devoted nearly all of his spare time to improving the lives of himself and those around him. Among other things, he has run an anti-drug program for fellow prisoners, earned a Bachelor’s degree, and produced dozens of conscious pamphlets distributed the world over. Despite his many positive efforts, he has been denied parole five times and subject to unfair treatment on numerous occasions.
The latest case of this unfair treatment began on February 12. A question arose in the prison mail room at the Thumb Correctional Facility, as to whether Ali should be allowed to receive a leaflet mailed from Puerto Rico containing slogans such as "Smash Sexism." It was eventually decided that he should be allowed to receive it.
Shortly after, he was subjected to an unusual and unexplained cell search, in which many of his letters, literature, and photographs where confiscated.
Later that evening, he was called to the Control Center at the prison and was given "a notice of intent to conduct an administrative hearing." The notice indicated what materials were confiscated and stated that Ali was "a suspected security threat, [indicated by] group literature and photographs depicting possible terrorist activity, [and] uprising against institutions and government [and] organized from several countries."
During this type of hearing, a prisoner is evaluated, and if deemed a threat to security, then she/he is reclassified to a higher prison level and is transferred to that level. In many cases, prisoners are transferred to federal prisons. Ali is at risk of being formally charged by the state, with the FBI headquarters and the US Justice Department being notified.
An hour after receiving this notice, Ali was told to "pack up and get ready to be transferred." The next day(February 13) he was moved to Kinross Correctional Facility, a state-run institution in Kincheloe, Michigan.
These events are highly disturbing and suspicious. They occurred shortly after Ali's 6th parole hearing on February 7, which had given him a level of optimism at first. Abdullah had a good record at the Thumb Correctional Facility, and prior to these incidents had no reason to believe that he had done anything to upset the authorities there.
These incidents are also, of course, being carried out within the context of the U.S. government's current "War on Terrorism", which in addition to bringing carnage on Afghanistan, is being used as a pretext for clamp-downs on human rights, and officially-sanctioned prejudice within the US. Shortly after September 11, Abdullah was interrogated on the basis of his name and his faith. Similarly, his treatment over the past week is likely a product of the bigoted attitudes and policies coming to light in recent months.
The International Campaign to Free Ali Khalid Abdullah is calling on all concerned people to support him as best as they can. All those who criticize the so-called "War on Terrorism," racism and the prison system have a chance to turn their words into concrete, productive actions by having Ali's back in this time of need.
Despite such unfair treatment, Ali has remained committed to his work for positive social change. Now, he needs your help to clear his name and get these charges dropped so he can move on to winning his freedom and continuing with his work.
At this point, we are asking everyone to write to the MDOC Officials listed below; and those with steady jobs to send some financial aid to Ali (c/o the campaign). In addition to the usual legal and living expenses, his money is still at the previous jail and won't reach him for up to a month.
Attached is a form letter designed to help Ali fight these unfounded charges. Please edit it to fit your own circumstances, and mail it to the list of addresses below. This will show the prison officials that people around the world know the facts about Ali, and are driven to support him. We need the highest level of public attention on this case as possible, to prevent any further persecution of Ali.
All that said, please know that this is a very sensitive situation and we need to proceed carefully. This is NOT the time to be hostile and confrontational. The goal here is to prove that Ali is not a terrorist threat and to get him free, not to confront prison officials on their issues. Any anger or political rhetoric would only be used as further evidence against Ali.
"These moments are very precious & we are under determined pressure & peril by these people — thus to overcome this i’ll need maximum effort and support," says Ali. "State your complaint, concerted concern and push for clearing my name and this sudden suspicion off of me with tact!"
Letters or e-mails of support can be sent to Ali in care of the campaign: International Campaign to Free Ali Khalid Abdullah, 2716 SE 21st Street Portland, OR 97202, USA. freeali
For reasons described above, please refrain from sending anything with "anarchy" or similar logos until this matter is corrected.

@_date: 2002-02-24 12:18:00
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: Behind enemy lines.News resources for Occupied Amerikkka. 
In the last few months several new infoshops
              have opened up around the land, and some
              have moved. If you're in the area, stop by and
              help support them. If you know of other
              openings, let us know.
              New Autonomous Zone in Chicago
              The Azone in Chicago has moved. The new
              address is 2129 N. Milwaukee, Chicago, IL
              60647 and the new phone # is (773) 460-0237.
              The mailing address remains the same; 1573 N.
              Milwaukee, Chicago, IL 60622. The new space
              should be fully constructed by this printing and
              will include a full kitchen, computer lab,
              infoshop, library, bike shop and darkroom, and
              a basement for shows. Sounds cool! If you're in
              Chicago check it out.
              Flor y Canto opens in LA
              Flor y Canto Centro Comunitario Flor y Canto
              has a bookstore, internet hookup, a meeting
              space and a foosball table! They are a
              not-for-profit space seeking social change.
              They also have films, potlucks, study groups
              and other classes. Hours are--Tuesday through
              Saturday 1-6 pm. 3706 N. Figueroa Ave. Los
              Angeles, CA 90065               mail
              Corner Books opens in Yellow Springs
              Corner Books is located at 108A Dayton Street,
              Yellow Springs, OH. They offer free alternative
              literature, new and used books, and a weekly
              video showing. Corner Books is run by a
              collective of local Yellow Springs residents and
              Antioch College students. Hours are Saturday
              12-5 and Sunday 1-5, and other hours as
              volunteer effort allows. email:
              CornerBooks web:
               Phone: 937-374-1552.
              New Activist Resorce Center in DC
              The Gaea Foundation will soon open a public
              resource center for activism and arts (no name
              yet) at 1730 Connecticut Avenue, NW, 2nd
              floor, Washington, DC 20036. It will have a
              library, Internet access, a web portal, art display
              space and a video projector. It will be staffed by
              a trained reference librarian and will support
              study groups and present guest speakers.
              Boxcar Books open in Bloomington, IN
              Boxcar Books will be opening February 1st at
              310 A S. Washington St. Bloomington, IN
              47401. We can be reached at (812) 339-8710,
              boxcar or
               Our hours are 11-9 Mon
              - Sat and 12-5 Sun. The bookstore specializes
              in new and used books, zines, periodicals,
              graphic novels, and comics. The meeting space
              is open to any groups and discussion groups
              interested in using it. And, The Midwest Pages
              to Prisoners Project is officially part of our
              non-profit and uses the back part of the space
              to fulfill 80-100 requests for books a week.
              Urbana-Champaign IMC & library
              Urbana-Champaign Independent Media Center
              and Library collective located at 218 West Main
              Street in Urbana, IL 61801 (217) 344-8820.
              We're open every day, noon-9pm on Sun.,
              Tues., and Sat., 4-9 all other days. We will be
              celebrating the 1-year anniversary of the
              opening of our space later this month. The
              library holds a growing number of materials in
              print, audio and video from alternative and/or
              small, independent publishers as well as
              independently produced zines, alternative
              journals and a media archive of work produced
              by IMC members.
              urbana.indymedia.org
              urbana.indmedia.org/library
              Brycc House Library, Louisville
              The Brycc House Library is located at 1055
              Bardstown Road, Louisville, KY 40204, (502)
              456-1006, brycc
               The library is part of the
              Brycc House, a collectively-run center with a
              venue, computer lab, internet radio station, and
              art studio. The library takes zines and
              radical/independent books and literature. We
              are looking for more volunteer librarians.
              Arise Resource Center, Minneapolis
              Arise Resource Center and Bookstore. 2441
              Lyndale Ave. S. Minneapolis, MN 55405. We
              are a collectively run infoshop offering meeting
              space, office space, and research facilities for
              the Twin Cities activist community and the
              community at large. Groups actively meeting
              currently are; ARA, NORML, Minnesotans for a
              United Ireland, Mumia Coalition, Women's
              Prison Book Project, and Free Radio. Our hours
              are 9am-8pm everyday.
              Black Oyster Infoshop: Williamsburg
              This is a great opportunity for us, because we
              recently formed. We'd like to offer a free and
              alternative forum for various events in
              Williamsburg, Virginia such as poetry readings,
              discussions, film presentations, and later offer
              anarchist and other radical literature. Our
              address is Black Oyster Infoshop 206 South
              Boundary Street Williamsburg, VA 23187 We
              want to offer a free forum for progressive issues
              and events, as well as attempt to build a
              community solidarity with labor or other groups.
              We plan to have alternative and anarchist
              literature available. For now we are more event
              oriented.
              Internationalist Books & Community
              Center
              We've been around as a bookstore for 21 years
              now, but just got 501(c)3 status last month. We
              carry new and used books and magazines and
              should have a lending library started within the
              month, and hopefully a computer resource
              center by summer(depending on grant
              moneys). We're open Tues-Sat from 11-8, Sun
              12-6 and Mon2-8, with Food Not Bombs on
              Sundays at 3:30 and Earth First! meetings
              Tuesdays at 8pm. 405 W. Franklin St. Chapel
              Hill, NC 27516, (919)942-1740,
   slingshot
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2002-02-24 12:12:38
@_author: "jesusf Khrist" 
@_subject: The good word first hand from argentina. 
the good word first hand from argentina:
i just had a wonderful time hitching
through a 150km section of northern argentina which is controled by
activists who have kicked the police and army out. The piqueteros are
amazing. They've used non-violent direct action to liberate a town of
30,000 people, shutdown oil refineries, and generally kick ass. Also down
here the workers have started taking over and running the factories
themsleves without bosses or the owners. Also they have all these directly
democratic assemblies which are coordinating all the protests against teh
economic system, but also they want to scrap represnentivie democracy. Now
i-m in bolivia working on starting an imc here... :)
Even if the US is fucked up there are some amazing things happening in
south america. Who knows if it will become a revolution, but it's the
closest thing i've ever seen to one.
from a friend with protest.net
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
