
@_date: 2012-12-18 04:42:28
@_author: Jean-Francois Mezei 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
Now now, you clearly have not watched enough scient fiction/action
movies... Clearly, you have a mechanism which triggers the degaussing
(or neutron bomb in the basement the minute a hard drive is disconnected
from the server/disk array :-)
And you just need to put up a sign "warning, this building is protected
with a giant degaussing magnet to protect against data theft, remove all
rings from your body parts if you intend to steal from this building :-)
Note that they used this trick in "Breaking Bad" with a giant magnet in
a van parked right next to where evidence room and they managed to zap
the laptop that contained evidence against them. Of course, the laws of
physics don't apply in Hollywood so it is not clear whether this is
realistic or not.

@_date: 2012-12-05 16:36:19
@_author: Jean-Francois Mezei 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if 
Does it matter if an anomysing service advertises itself as allowing
free speech to users in countries where free speech is censored,
compared to a service that advertises itself as catering to the mafias
of the world, ensuring their crimes are untraceable ?
In the later case, it makes it very easy to think of the sercice
operator as an accomplice to crime.
But if the primary purpose of a service is legitimate, should the
service operator be held liable if there is *some* misuse which cannot
be prevented by the service operator ?
In my opinion, the operator should remain immune until the police shows
up with a warrant and the operator refuses to cooperate.
Tor exit nodes are not that different from payphones or disposable
pre-paid cellular service where the wireless operator has no verifiable
identity/address for the purchasor of the service.
Are phone companies held liable because the mafia uses a payphone to
plan their crimes  knowing that they can't trace calls to an individual ?

@_date: 2012-12-04 21:57:14
@_author: Jean-Francois Mezei 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if 
In countries where the law does not dictate that all carriers maintain
extensive logs, this is fairly simple. Whether you are a Tor node or a
normal ISP, you do nothig until you get a court ordered warrant, at
which point you  collect information passing through your network and
hand it over to authorities.
So the "Tor" service remain anonymous until the police suspect illegal
data passing through it, at which point they snoop what passes through
and work they way up to find the true origin of the data.
In countries where log files must be created and retained by law, this
is less simple. Is a Tor node covered by the law ? If so, then it is non
compliant of it fails to colect the law mandated logs.
If the Tor node is not covered by the law, then law enforcment cannot
complain if there are no logs to analyse.

@_date: 2012-12-04 17:31:53
@_author: Jean-Francois Mezei 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if 
Perhaps if "Tor exit node" were called "Tor exit Router",
politicians/policemen would have a better understanding that this
service provides no indexing of data, no storage of data and is just a
networking service that is agnostic to whatever data flows through it.
If they declare illegal any part of the internet which makes police
investigations hard  due to lack of traceability/logs  then they can go
after any NAT router, Tor exit nodes, VPN servers etc.

@_date: 2012-12-01 16:10:21
@_author: Jean-Francois Mezei 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
The BBC has an article about a similar issue on a Tor exit node in Austria:
Austrian police raid privacy network over child porn
Austrian police have seized servers that were part of a global anonymous
browsing system, after images showing child sex abuse were found passing
through them.
Many people use the Tor network to conceal their browsing activity.
Police raided the home of William Weber, who ran the servers, and
charged him with distributing illegal images.
It is unfortunate that systems in place to allow free speech end up
being abused for the wrong purposes. The same applies to anonymous
remailers which have been used to stalk and harass/bully people often
using forged email addresses (since those remailers allow one to forge
the sender's email address instead of forcing an "Anonymous" sender email.
If Tor servers are just glorified routers then they could be considered
more as transit providers and not responsible for content transiting
through them.
However, if a transit service goes out of its way to hide the identity
of the sender of a packet to make it untraceable, then it becomes more
than a simpler "carrier".
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-12-01 16:10:21
@_author: Jean-Francois Mezei 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
The BBC has an article about a similar issue on a Tor exit node in Austria:
Austrian police raid privacy network over child porn
Austrian police have seized servers that were part of a global anonymous
browsing system, after images showing child sex abuse were found passing
through them.
Many people use the Tor network to conceal their browsing activity.
Police raided the home of William Weber, who ran the servers, and
charged him with distributing illegal images.
It is unfortunate that systems in place to allow free speech end up
being abused for the wrong purposes. The same applies to anonymous
remailers which have been used to stalk and harass/bully people often
using forged email addresses (since those remailers allow one to forge
the sender's email address instead of forcing an "Anonymous" sender email.
If Tor servers are just glorified routers then they could be considered
more as transit providers and not responsible for content transiting
through them.
However, if a transit service goes out of its way to hide the identity
of the sender of a packet to make it untraceable, then it becomes more
than a simpler "carrier".

@_date: 2013-09-08 19:50:33
@_author: Jean-Francois Mezei 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
With regards to the 10$ snake oil security product versus the real one
at $100:  since the NSA can break both,  they are both worth worth $0 in
terms of privacy.
From a business/corporate point of view, there are two aspects:
1- Image: If your weak security has allowed a data breach to become
public (such as TJ-Maxx) then you have damage to your image. But TJ-Maxx
has survived and average person forgot about millions of credit card
numbers having been stolen from its databases.
If the NSA snoops on your systems to see what kind of underwear Ossama
Bin Ladin buys and where he has them delivered,  there is nothing your
company can do about it. Either you don't know it is happening and NSA
will never make it public (no image problem), or you got a warrant and
were forced to do it (some image problem, but you can say your hands
were tied and shift blame to NSA)
2- Real cost: if you're a bank, and someone intercepts a letter of
credit or payment transaction to find out how much a corporate customer
pays for widgets, that customer can sue you for breach of
security/confidentiality (since its competitors now know what deal he
has negotiated to buy those widgets). The lawsuit against the bank has
real costs (not only lawyers, but settlement as well). It becomes easier
to cost justify security when you can put real costs to not having security.
So risk management is an important factor in both cases.
BUT, when you get to general public, the equation changes:
For the general public, a burglary is a good analogy. You can easily put
value to the stolen TV set and replace it. But this isn't what happens
when the NSA spies on your private communications and you have no real
measurable damage.
The damage you get is akin to losing your family pictures or the feeling
of having been violated because someone came into your home and rummage
through all your personal stuff and not knowing exactly what they will
do with your personal items and why they stole them. Putting a value to
this is next to impossible.  Risk managememnt becomes impossible, except
at the politival level.
If the NSA intercepts private emails between a husband and his mistress,
the husband can't know if the NSA will ever use this against him. This
fear remains because the NSA night hold on to these emails for a long
time (or might not).
And at the political level, Obama made it clear in a recent speech that
he hopes this will blow over and that he will be able to convince
americans that the NSA is doing good things. Their political staffers
evaluated the risk that this might backfire and figured it wouldn't.
This has nothing to do with selection of technology to guard against the
NSA' it is all about political public opinion.
Here is what the politicians forget:
Because the economy is moving to the internet, losing trust in the
internet is akin to losing trust in the banking system.
I am not sure network operators have much of a choice. Sure, someone
like Bell Canada will hopefully review their no-peering policy in Canada
(forcing so much traffic to route via USA), but for other networks there
isn't much they can do to prevent NSA from accessing any/all data while
in transit.
What is really needed is for an intelligent debate by politicians on the
need to preserve trust in the internet and whether preventing a couple
of bombs is really worth the loss of trust and freedom due to
implementation of measures worse than what "1984" predicted.
Since intelligent debate by politicians is impossible, the other way to
change things is to seriously deprive any politician who supports
excessive spying by NSA of any money and chance to be re-elected.
Imagine the good publicity AT&T and/or Verizon would get if they were to
announce that they are ceasing all political contributions to any party
or individual politician who supports the indiscriminate data collection
done by NSA.
And this might be enough to tilt the table and get politicians to start
to criticise the NSA and call for measures to limit its spying.
