
@_date: 2005-02-01 19:20:00
@_author: "Jules Hewitt" 
@_subject: Requested Info. 
the ENERGY ADVISOR   New Report  FEB 05  RE
the ENERGY ADVISOR   News Report  FEB 05
RE: NEW PROFILE Tradestar Symbol           TIRR
Shares Out    38 million Float                2 million      Oil prices are headed much higher. The only question is, will you A junior energy company, Tradestar Corp.(TIRR) plans to bring on half a dozen low-risk/high potential oil & gas projects online within the next few months  AND  is already cash flowing on its existing production!!! With $50 oil and $6 gas this undervalued company could easily soar 500%!!!.
TIRR Up 75% since 1/21
Savvy investors can turn a windfall out of this opportunity in rising prices in oil and gas.  TIRR already profitable, bringing online 36BPD of South Texas oil production last week!!!
A little known Arkansas-based   company, Tradestar Corporation(OTC:TIRR), represents  one of the most promising new entrants into domestic oil exploration and  production,  and  is  the  most unique breakthrough investment opportunity we  have  seen  recently.   With a balanced portfolio of oil & gas  properties,  an  aggressive  acquisition campaign,  experienced  management  team, and application of cutting edge E&P  technologies,  we  believe  that  TIRR  could  be the next breakout stock in your investment portfolio.
Oil has nowhere to go but up!  China's consuming oil like crazy  with demand in some regions exploding by 35%!  Indias demand is expected to rise at least 10% this year, perhaps even more, to well over 733 million barrels!  Recently, OPEC has cut oil production by as much as 1 million barrels per day. The combined shortage of two million barrels per day has removed 3% of the world's oil supplies off the market. No wonder oil is exploding higher!
Tradestar Corporation(OTC:TIRR)
is a company whose net income is up nearly 50% in the past six months, has rising profit margins, shrinking debt to equity, is undervalued by most metrics, and whose stock could more than triple in the next 6 to 12 months.  TIRR recently proposed a joint venture project in the prolific Barnett Shale natural gas play in Central Texas with est. reserves of over 10 trillion cubic ft of gas!  Target: 388%
For more information on TIRR, go to
tradestar-corp.com or yahoo.com for SEC filings/press releases.
Read this disclaimer
Information within this email contains" forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.Any statements that express or involve with respect to predictions, goals, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and maybe "forward looking statements.
Forward looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as: "projects", "foresee"," expects", "estimates," "believes," understands" "will," "part of:" anticipates," or that by statements  indicating certain actions "may," could," or "might" All information provided within this email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice. Energy Advisor advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice. Please have in mind that the interpretation of the writer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say. Look at the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it.
In compliance with Section 17(b), we disclose the holding of TIRR shares prior to the publication of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares. Shares may be sold at any time, even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company. Since we own shares, there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions. Readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties, that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
Please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein. This newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer. This newsletter was paid previously 300,000 shares from a third party to send this report.  All statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such. We may own, take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time. This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may include terms as "expect"," believe", "may", "will", "move"," undervalued" and "intend" or similar terms.
 remv frm list cpy/paste  birthsindowitcherprism.com/suntan/finish/
