
@_date: 2002-05-29 22:32:14
@_author: Jim Hughes 
@_subject: Re: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D conve 
I will add one more gallon of fuel to this fire and then sit by and
watch it burn... Imagine *if* there is a mandated change that there be some kind of
digital content filter in all D-A and *if* there is *any* probability at
all (no matter how small) that non-copyrighted material will trigger
this, would you put your life into the hands of a machine that will kill
you if all of the redundant D-A converters fail at exactly the same time
because of this "feature"?! Who should your children sue, Sony? Who pays
for all the design, development and testing to prove that this event
will not occur? Will this cause these machines to be developed in India
I honestly feel for the entertainment businesses and their losses, but
trying to keep honest people honest, while crippling US competitiveness,
seems to be a waste of their silver bullets, IMHO

@_date: 2002-08-28 01:56:46
@_author: Jim Hughes 
@_subject: Call For Papers, First International Security In Storage 
Call for Papers           First IEEE International Security In Storage Workshop
             December 11th, 2002 -- Greenbelt, Maryland, USA
                                              Sponsored by the
    IEEE Computer Society Task Force on Information Assurance and the                  IEEE Security In Storage Working Group The ability to create large shared storage systems in a secure manner is an
area that has received little formal research or results. A comprehensive,
systems approach to storage security is required if storage consolidation is
to succeed. This workshop serves as an open forum to discuss storage threats,
technologies, methodologies and deployment.
The workshop seeks submissions from academia and industry presenting novel
research on all theoretical and practical aspects of designing, building and
managing secure storage systems; possible topics include, but are not limited
to the following:
  - Cryptographic Algorithms for Storage   - Cryptanalysis of Existing and Proposed Systems and Protocols
  - Key Management for Storage Novel Implementations
  - Attacks on Storage Area   - Networks and Storage Systems   - Insider Attack Countermeasures
  - Standardization Approaches   - Deployment of Secure Storage Mechanisms   - Defining and Defending Trust Boundaries in Storage   - Security in Federated Systems
  - Relating Storage Security to System and Network Security   - Security for Internet Storage Service Providers
The goal of the workshop is to disseminate new research, and to bring together
researchers and practitioners from both governmental and civilian areas.
Accepted papers will be published by IEEE Press in a proceedings volume.
Program Co-Chairs
  - James Hughes (StorageTek, USA)   - Jack Cole (US Army Research Laboratory, USA)
Program Committee
  - Donald Beaver (Seagate, USA)   - Randal Burns (Johns Hopkins University, USA)
  - Richard Chow (USA)
  - Peter Haas (University of Stuttgart, Germany)
  - Yongdae Kim (University of Minnesota, USA)   - Ben Kobler (NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, USA)
  - Fabio Maino (Andiamo Systems, USA)   - Ethan Miller (University of California Santa Cruz, USA)   - David McGrew (Cisco Systems, USA)   - Andrew Odlyzko (University of Minnesota, USA)
  - Tatsuaki Okamoto (NTT, Japan)   - Jean-Jacques Quisquater (Universite Catholique de Louvain, Belgium)   - Pierangela Samarati (University of Milan, Italy)   - Rodney Van Meter (Nokia, USA) Submissions Papers must list all authors and affiliations, begin with a title, a short
abstract, a list of key words, and an introduction. The introduction should
summarize the contributions of the paper at a level appropriate for a
non-specialist reader. Papers may be submitted in ASCII text, PostScript, PDF,
HTML, or Microsoft Word.
Papers should be at most 15 pages in length including the bibliography,
figures, and appendices (using 10pt body text and twocolumn layout). Authors
are responsible for obtaining appropriate clearances. Authors of accepted
papers will be asked to sign IEEEcopyright release forms. Final submissions
must be in camera-ready PostScript or PDF. Authors of accepted papers must
guarantee that their paper will be presented at the conference.
Papers that duplicate work that any of the authors have or will publish
elsewhere are acceptable for presentation at the workshop. However, only
original papers will be considered for publication in the proceedings. Important Dates
Paper due:                  October 11, 2002
Notification of acceptance: November 1, 2002
Final papers due:           November 25, 2002
Workshop:                   December 11, 2002
Submissions and questions should be sent electronically to James Hughes
