
@_date: 2017-01-09 12:51:40
@_author: Jim 
@_subject: Re: The (Western) Empire: free speech, holocaust denial, jail in 14 countries 
What is the difference between a cow and the Jewish holocaust?
You can't milk a cow for 70 years. Oh, and a cow is real.
Only the most brainwashed idiots believe in the Holohoax.
Video viewer comment:
The Dolf
"Jewish prophecies in the Torah require that 6 million Jews must
“vanish” before the state of Israel can be formed. “You shall return
minus 6 million.” That’s why Tom Segev, an Israeli historian, declared
that the “6 million” is an attempt to transform the Holocaust story into
state religion. Those six million, according to prophecy, had to
disappear in “burning ovens”, which the judicial version of the
Holocaust now authenticates. As a matter of fact, Robert B. Goldmann
 “. . . without the Holocaust, there would be no Jewish State.”
A simple consequence: Given six million Jews gassed at Auschwitz who
ended up in the “burning ovens” (the Greek word holocaust means burned
offerings), therefore, the prophecies have now been “fulfilled” and
Israel can become a “legitimate state”. Regarding the ‘six million’
number you should know the following: In the Hebrew text of the Torah
prophesies, one can read “you shall return”. In the text the letter “V”
or “VAU” is absent, as Hebrew does not have any numbers; the letter V
stands for the number 6. Ben Weintraub, a religious scientist, learned
from rabbis that the meaning of the missing letter means the number is
‘6 million’. The prophesy then reads: You will return, but with 6
million less. See Ben Weintraub: “The Holocaust Dogma of Judaism”, Cosmo
Publishing, Washington 1995, page 3. The missing 6 million must be so
before the Jews can return to the Promised Land. Jahweh sees this as a
cleaning of the souls of the sinful people. The Jews must, on the return
to the Promised Land, be clean
— the cleaning shall be done in burning stokes.
As much as I despise religion, it plays a key role regarding the number
in question. I am trying to show where the number 6 million originates,
hence why these zealots propagate such a number. It provided the impetus
and PR ammunition they needed to make their “gallant return” to the
“promised land” at the war’s end establishing a racist/apartheid “Jewish
state” called “Israel” in 1948. And this all just happens to fit the
previously cited ancient Torah prophecy down to the very letter.
A consideration, of crematories, both old and new, must be made to
determine the functionality of the German 'Kremas' at accomplishing
their attributed tasks. For example, none of the ovens inspected and
examined at all of the locations were designed for multiple corpse
incineration. The modern cremation process uses large, high-powered
furnaces are fueled by gas or propane which generates fire that reaches
a temperature of around 2000°F. Cremating at the optimum temperature,
the average weighted remains takes 2 to 2 ½ hours...
U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum states: The four gas chambers and
crematoria constructed at Auschwitz-Birkenau after 1942 represent Nazi
mass murder in its most industrialized form. Each of the four facilities
could kill and incinerate more than 1,000 victims per day. Cremation
specialists have confirmed that thousands of corpses could not possibly
have been cremated every day at Auschwitz. The Auschwitz gassing story
is based in large part on the hearsay statements of former Jewish
inmates who did not
personally see any actual signs of extermination. Their beliefs are
understandable, because rumors about gassings at Auschwitz were
widespread. Allied planes dropped large numbers of leaflets, written in
Polish and German, on Auschwitz and the surrounding areas which claimed
that people were being gassed in the camp. The Auschwitz gassing story,
which was an important part of the Allied wartime propaganda effort, was
also broadcast to Europe by Allied radio stations."
What about that holocaust? What was the number of Jews holocausted in
all the newspapers after WWI?
Jews fought in the German army in WWI stupid.
Well, not quite holocausted, but in 1915, which was 18 years before
Hitler came into govt, precisely 6 million Jews were tortured, starved
and incredibly badly mistreated.
Again in 1918. Again later still.
Don't believe it? The Sun (New York), The New York Times, etc, with a
cool accent to go with it:
SIX MILLION JEWS 1915-1938 HD
Enjoy :)

@_date: 2017-02-09 23:54:31
@_author: no cost 
@_subject: Re: Book: Two Hundred Years Together - Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn 
Amazing. How times change.
"The future Nicholas I, Grand Duke at that time, noted in his diary: “It
is astonishing that they [Jews] remained surprisingly faithful to us in
1812 and even helped us where they could, at the risk of their lives.”20"
"After 1814, the reunification of central Poland brought together more
than 400,000 Jews. The Jewish problem was then presented to the Russian
government with more acuteness and complexity. In 1816, the Government
Council of the Kingdom of Poland, which in many areas enjoyed a separate
state existence, ordered the Jews to be expelled from their
villages—they could also remain there, but only to work the land, and
this without the help of Christian workers. But at the request of the
Kahal of Warsaw, as soon as it was transmitted to the Emperor, Alexander
gave orders to leave the Jews in place by allowing them to engage in the
trade of vodka, on the sole condition that they should not sell it on

@_date: 2017-02-08 23:10:51
@_author: thousands of shells 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] - Ukraine "government" fires ballistic missile at its own people, into heart of Donetsk ci 
The Nazis that fired that missile into their own city at their own
people, THEY are actual Nazis and deserve a lot more than punched.
Truly despicable!

@_date: 2017-03-01 09:59:17
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "Documenting Hate" Project 
Not sure you'll get a response, I believe he's filtered your emails...
FWIW I think its worth thinking about.

@_date: 2017-04-03 01:32:23
@_author: aka "Memory Of The Camps" 
@_subject: Re: [OT] German Concentration Camps Factual Survey Film (aka "Memory Of The Camps") 
Because "muh feels".
German POW camps are worse camps because we've got to call them "Jewish
holocaust death camps" whereas Japanese, American, British, Italian and
French POW camps are "good" camps, because allies.
