
@_date: 2004-04-08 08:41:17
@_author: "MR JEFF NDOTA" 
@_subject: ROBERT MUGABE OF ZIMBABWE 
TEL:  27-73-400-4485 FAX:  27-73-219-9902 ATTN:THE PRESIDENT/ CEO HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL Daer Sir, You  may  be suprised to recieve this letter from me since
you dont  know me personnally, but  for the introduction, I am MR  JEFF NDOTA, the son of  MR. SAMUEL NDOTA  who was recently murdered in the land dispute in Zimbabwe. I  got  your   contact  from the
INTERNATIONAL TRADE CENTRE  here inJohannesburg  and i
decieded to write you. My late father was among the few  black  zimbabwean rich  farmers  murdered  in  cold blood by  the agents of
 the ruling  government of Robert Mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the Zimbabwean opposition party, partly controlled by the white
minority. Before his death, he had taken me to johannesburg to
deposit the sum of TWENTY MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ( US$20M) with a private security and finance company as if he knew the looming danger in zimbabwe. The money was deposited in a box as germstones to avoid much demurrage from the security
company. This money was earmarked for the purchase of new
machinery and chemicals for the establishment of new farms
in lesotho and swaziland. This land problem arose when president Robert Mugabe
introduced a new land reforms act, which wholly affected the rich white farmers and some few black who vehemently condemned the Modus Operandi
adopted by the government. This resulted to rampant killings and mob action by the war veterans and some political thugs. So far, more than forty-nine(49) people have been killed and
countless number of farm workers displaced.
Heads of government from the west, especially Britain and
United States of America have voiced their condamnation of
Mugabe`s plan. Subsequently, the Southern Africa
Development Community (SADEC) has continuosly supported
 mugabe`s  new land reform Act. It is against this background that I and my family who are
currently staying in south africa have decieded to transfer
my father`s money into a foreign account. As the
eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the
responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where
this money could be transfered without the knowledge of my
government who are tactically freezing our family wealth
and south african  government seems to be playing around
with them. I am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount of
money in south africa for the fear ofencountering the same
experience in future since both countries have almost the same political history. More so, South
Africa does not allow such investment hence I am seeking
for asylum. As businessman whom I must entrust my future and that of my
family on his hands, I must let you know that this
transaction is 100% risk-free and the nature of your
business does not neccessarily matter. Therefore, if you
accept to assist my family, and me, we are willing to offer
you 25% of the total sum for your assistance, 70% for my
family, and me, while 5% will be mapped out for all
expenses. I would wish to invest in your country on
commercial property based on your personal or company
account. If this propasal is acceptable by you, please do send to me
your personal details, name and address, telephone and fax numbers. You should know that this
business is highly confidential and shall be kept within
you alone. I hope to hear from you on the above fax and
phone numbers. Best regards, MR JEFF NDOTA.
