
@_date: 2012-05-30 18:25:54
@_author: "Joe St Sauver" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh traffic? 
Peter commented:
 users know passwords and they "work" is a large part of the problem
 passwords: the same low entropy security token is used for multiple
 with varying levels of sensitivity.  When using passwords, both the
 and the end systems must, in general, be trusted with the security
 so say a user uses the same password on 20 services then *all* of
 services must be secure *and* the user must keep the password secure.
I'd suggest that there are some options that can reduce the credential
explosion while avoiding inadvisable reuse of credentials on multiple
systems, e.g., federated authentication as implemented with Shibboleth
via federations such as InCommon (ObDisclaimer: I work with Internet2 and InCommon, although not on federated auth per se (other than as a user)).
One credential, issued by one's home institution, but usable in a privacy
preserving and secure way across multiple providers.... I think that's a huge win for users and for the sites that work with them, and this is certainly a theme/objective of the current US NSTIC (National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyberspace) work.
I'd also suggest that might be helpful to frame the discussion in terms of
NIST 800-63 levels of assurance. Passwords will work for LOA-1 and LOA-2,
but if you need LOA-3 or LOA-4, they won't. (Obviously the various LOAs
involve more than just use of passwords or multifactor authentication,
but for the purpose of this discussion, let's just focus on that one aspect of LOAs for the time being)
Of course, one problem that we sometimes run into (at least in higher ed)
is that it can be hard to find an application that motivates going all the
way to LOA-4. Pretty easy to dredge up use cases that motivate people to
get to LOA-3 and multifactor, but LOA-4, well that's a bit trickier.
Disclaimer: all opinions strictly my own
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-06-02 13:15:21
@_author: "Joe St Sauver" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh traffic? 
ianG asked:
 it be possible to describe in general words what LOA-1 thru 4 entails?
I hesitate to try to do so. The definitive answer can be found in and includes many subtle and important points, but just to focus solely
on the password/token requirement and vastly oversimplify things (ignoring
LOTS of other stuff that DOES really matter):

@_date: 2013-12-13 01:53:24
@_author: "Joe St Sauver" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
Christian commented:
 is probably more than one gap. In fact, I see five fairly big issues:
 your own certificate, For technical users, one-off, if you aren't concerned about higher LOAs,
this is very doable (e.g., see the free Comodo client certs available at
 )
 the right software in your mail client, Most POP/IMAP email clients (e.g., Thunderbird, etc.) come with integrated
support for S/MIME
 the certificates of your peers, In the traditional S/MIME model, those certs are automatically bootstrapped
when you receive an S/MIME-signed email message.
 multiple computers,
It is admittedly a pain to export and reimport the same cert to multiple
hosts (or even multiple trust stores on the same host); I think there's a lot to be said for USB-format PKI hard tokens or smart cards for that sort
of scenario (it also handles the case where multiple people share a single
system, as they might in a computer lab)
 working with web applications.
Are you thinking of web email, or something else? If you're thinking of
web email, Penango does an amazing job of integrating with Gmail, for
All that said, I do think that there ARE some real operational issues
when it comes to using client certs:

@_date: 2014-08-01 17:11:14
@_author: "Joe St Sauver" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] You can't trust any of your hardware 
Pete Todd commented:
 dunno how to fix this. The best I can come up with is to make more of
 exploits happen - post anonymous bounties to get firmware and
 leaked?
Use of non-rewritable ROMs would obviously "fix" the vulnerability (for some definition of "fix," but that assumes you can produce flawless code that might never need to be patched or updated (or that you can live with pitch-and-replace (rather than patch ) as an update/remediate strategy).
The best practical solution I can think of to fix this would be to interpose
a manually operated physical switch on each device that would need to be
intentionally closed by the user to update the firmware on the device. [This sort of scheme would effectively be the firmware equivalent of a "write protect tab" on old floppy disks (man, sometimes I feel really old even *mentioning* stuff like that :-))]
After completing the intentional firmware update the physical switch would then be reset to its normal open state, thereby preventing involuntary.
programmatic updates of the device's firmware. That would, I think,
*largely* eliminate the issue of firmware being tampered with by malware, while still allowing occaisionally needed updates to be intentionally applied (albeit only by someone physically in contact with the device).
Corner cases? Presumably social engineering around activating the switch when you shouldn't be, or efforts to piggy back malicious updates on top of legitimate patches. I could also see people with large
centrally managed farms of systems being grumpy about having to manually physically switch-on hundreds or thousands of devices to
push firmware updates (but presumably this wouldn't be happening on
a daily (or even quarterly) basis).
The cryptography mailing list
