
@_date: 2004-12-08 03:11:34
@_author: John Phillips 
@_subject: Latest Attack on Privacy 
The latest attack on privacy comes in the form of a new book The Open Society Paradox: Why the Twenty-First Calls for More Openness Not Less. The book tries to argue that in the war against terror, both sides have it wrong, those for more security and those who want to protect privacy. Instead, in David Brin like fashion the author tries to argue that more transparency especially with information will make us safer. The author covers a variety of technology including encryption, and although he is critical of the secrecy in the Bush administration, he is pretty unbalanced spending a lot of time slamming privacy advocates. He even is critical of the Cypherpunks, particularly during the Clipper Chip debate, even though throughout the book he continues to borrow the phrase, "Information wants to be free."  His picture of the future is much too optimistic for me, especially if there is no privacy left for anyone.
John P
Do you Yahoo!?
 Yahoo! Mail - Find what you need with new enhanced search. Learn more.
The latest attack on privacy comes in the form of a new book The Open Society Paradox: Why the Twenty-First Calls for More Openness Not Less. The book tries to argue that in the war against terror, both sides have it wrong, those for more security and those who want to protect privacy. Instead, in David Brin like fashion the author tries to argue that more transparency especially with information will make us safer. The author covers a variety of technology including encryption, and although he is critical of the secrecy in the Bush administration, he is pretty unbalanced spending a lot of time slamming privacy advocates. He even is critical of the Cypherpunks, particularly during the Clipper Chip debate, even though throughout the book he continues to borrow the phrase, "Information wants to be free."  His picture of the future is much too optimistic for me, especially if there is no privacy left for anyone.
John P
Do you Yahoo!? Yahoo! Mail - Find what you need with new enhanced search. Learn more.
