
@_date: 2008-11-03 13:32:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin P2P e-cash paper 
But they don't.  Bad guys routinely control zombie farms of 100,000
machines or more.  People I know who run a blacklist of spam sending
zombies tell me they often see a million new zombies a day.
This is the same reason that hashcash can't work on today's Internet

@_date: 2011-06-14 00:52:22
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
No, it's not.  There's someone who will trade you Amazon gift
certificates for bitcoins.  He prices the bitcoins at the market rate,
planning to make his profit from the Amazon affiliate commission, and
presumably whatever price increase he gets so long as the bitcoin
bubble continues to inflate.  Amazon neither buys nor sells bitcoins.
I still am not aware of anything you can actually buy for bitcoins (as
opposed to trading them for various kinds of real and fake money)
other than drugs.

@_date: 2011-06-13 04:50:38
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
You're right, for a crypto currency to be credible in the long term,
it needs to be convertible into Real Money(tm), i.e., something you
can use to pay your taxes.  (That's the actual working definition of
money, by the way.)
But that really has nothing to do with the crypto part.  You can have
crypto out the wazoo, and it's worth nothing unless there's an issuer
in meatspace who will accept your crypto coins, cancel them, and hand
you the agreed amount of money.  Or think about the ETF model I
suggested a few years ago, which provides a close approximation to
convertibility without requiring that the issuer be able to redeem
every individual coin on demand.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, First Unitarian Society of Ithaca NY
Between 200 and 500 members, depending on who's counting
PS: For anyone who wants a crypto currency backed by gold, that's
functionally equivalent to a gold ETF, of which there are several,
such as ticker symbols IAU, GLD, GTU, SGOL, and AGOL.  They do what
they do perfectly adequately, but they are in no sense currency.
Bubble sceptics can trade put options on them.  Too bad there's no
options on bitcoins.

@_date: 2011-06-11 20:13:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
Useful for something, but not useful for money.  I can't help but note
that the level of economic knowledge in the digital cash community is
pitifully low, and much of what people think they know is absurd.
(Anyone who thinks that a gold standard is better than what we have
now, or that the supply of gold is fixed in any but a purely
hypothetical sense, is either ignorant of economic history or shilling
for gold speculators.)
Anyone who's interested in this stuff should study the economic
history of the US, because we've tried everything, from gold to
bimetalism, to bimetalism plus private paper to bimetalism plus public
paper to a central bank with a formal gold standard, a central bank
with an implicit gold standard, and the current central bank with no
formal backing.  The greatest impetus for the creation of the Federal
Reserve in 1913 was that US business interests found themselves at a
disadvantage in international trade because, due to no central bank,
our currency was so flaky that nobody in other countries would write
contracts in it, demanding pounds or francs instead.
ObCrypto: it would be interesting to figure out how to create a
digital currency that has the characteristics of real money.  One
possibility is to set up a sufficiently credible central bank that can
manage the supply, but I doubt that would work unless that central
bank was a national central bank, which would make the digital money
fully convertible with real money.
Another interesting model is ETFs, exchange traded mutual funds.  They
are tradable in arbitrarily small quantities, but only convertible to
and from the underlying assets in large chunks by parties who have to
register with the issuer.  The trades are close to anonymous, fully so
if you use an offshore bank, the conversions are not.  The idea is
that the conversions are done by arbitrageurs who track the prices of
the asset and the ETF and buy or sell when they are sufficiently out
of line.  This works pretty well, and other than in chaotic markets it
is quite rare for the values to get more than a fraction of a percent
apart.  The underlying asset can be anything with an easily
determinable price such as a single currency or a basket of
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail. PS: If you think that the fixed supply of bitcoins is a good idea,
look at closed end mutual funds, which issue a fixed number of shares
that can never increase.  They are as much a payment system as
bitcoins are, since there are parties known as "stockbrokers" who
stand ready to convert them into a form usable for third party
payments at any time, at a price you won't know until you try it.

@_date: 2011-06-11 02:16:55
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
In article <021CCBA9-9203-4896-8412-481B94595B20 at cs.columbia.edu> you write:
I wouldn't call bitcoins digital cash.  They're more like digital
tulip bulbs, or bearer shares of theglobe.com.
Whatever they are, it's a self limiting problem since the bubble will
burst soon enough.

@_date: 2011-06-16 04:34:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [cryptography] Is Bitcoin legal? 
Bitcoins aren't securities, because they don't act like securities.
There's no promise to pay, no nominal value, and you don't have a
claim on some part of something else.
Earlier I said that bitcoins are digital tulip bulbs, but now that I
think about it, they're really digital pet rocks.  They have no
inherent utility or value, only novelty value.  Like pet rocks,
they're worth what some other collector is willing to pay for them.
Just because someone is willing to swap you a beer in exchange for two
pet rocks doesn't make them money.
I suppose there could be tax implications if people swap stuff for
bitcoins, but that's no different than any other barter transaction.

@_date: 2011-09-23 18:08:29
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [cryptography] Nirvana 
Then malware would steal the crypto wallets.  See Bitcoin.
The fact that most financial systems can unwind bogus transactions
is a feature, not a bug.

@_date: 2011-09-23 18:06:27
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [cryptography] Nirvana 
I don't see how to do that in a useful way without non-programmable
hardware.  We've seen PC-based malware do pretty much any MITM attack
you can imagine.
PS: I was impressed by the malware that redrew images in which the
bank had put a text representation of the transaction to be approved.

@_date: 2012-02-23 06:41:12
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Bitcoin in endgame 
Hmmn.  You know how painful it is when finance types pontificate
about cryptography that they don't understand?  Well, ...
Let me just say that it is not a bug in the US financial system that
there are provisions for unwinding bank transactions, nor that there
is a central bank with the authority and ability to increase and
decrease the money supply.  We spent several centuries doing it the
other way before Bagehot wrote Lombard Street.
The crypto model of Bitcoin is extremely clever, but the financial
model would have been state of the art in about 1500 AD.  The collapse
due to external attacks, both the botnet mining, and the various
well-publicised thefts of bitcoins and the failures of various bitcoin
markets was utterly predictable.  As I said a while ago, they're not
money, they're pet rocks.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-02-25 07:39:03
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] (off-topic) Bitcoin is a repeated lesson in cryptography applications - was "endg 
MacKay turns out not to be all that accurate.
The definitive work on financial bubbles is Kindleberger's "Manias,
Panics, and Crashes: A History of Financial Crises."  Get the 2005 5th
edition, which was edited by Robert Solow after Kindleberger died.
It's quite readable, and should help put Bitcoin in context.

@_date: 2012-05-12 03:24:05
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Bitcoin-mining Botnets observed in the wild? (was: Re: Bitcoin in endgame 
This is why there are forward currency markets and inflation indexed
bonds.  It's not a problem that crypto will solve, and certainly
not a problem that virtual pet rocks (aka Bitcoin) are relevant to.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-12-31 14:07:11
@_author: "John R. Levine" 
@_subject: Re: Gmail and SSL 
Hmmn, I guess I was right, you haven't bought any certs lately.  Startcom typically issues on the spot, Comodo and Geotrust mail them to you within 15 minutes.  I agree that 15 minutes is not exactly the same as immediately, but so what?
or a prepaid card bought for cash at a convenience or grocery store.
Really, this isn't hard to understand.  Current SSL signers do no more than tie the identity of the cert to the identity of a domain name. Anyone who's been following the endless crisis at ICANN about bogus WHOIS knows that domain names do not reliably identify anyone.
I supose to the extent that 0.2% is greater than 0.1%, perhaps.  But not enough for any sensible person to care.
Also keep in mind that this particular argument is about the certs used to submit mail to Gmail, which requires a separate SMTP AUTH within the SSL session before you can send any mail.  This isn't belt and suspenders, this is belt and a 1/16" inch piece of duct tape.

@_date: 2012-12-31 03:46:45
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: Gmail and SSL 
Do you ever buy SSL certificates?  For cheap certificates ($9
Geotrust, $8 Comodo, free Startcom, all accepted by Gmail), the
entirety of the identity validation is to send an email message to an
address associated with the domain, typically one of the WHOIS
addresses, or hostmaster and look for a click on an embedded
URL.  Sometimes they flag names that look particularly funky, such as
typos of famous names, but usually they don't.
So the only assurance a signed cert provides is that the person who
got the cert has some authority over a name that points to the mail
client, which need have no connection to any email address used in
mail sent from that server.  That doesn't sound like "authentication
of server identity" to me.

@_date: 2012-12-15 01:42:47
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Gmail and SSL 
I don't have a strong opinion either way about Gmail's new signing
requirement, but if the issue is money, Startcom's free certs seem to
satisfy Gmail.
Once you set up an account, it takes about five minutes to get a cert
issued.  I got one for my mail server this morning.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-01-02 22:38:16
@_author: "John R. Levine" 
@_subject: Re: Gmail and SSL 
Me, no, although I have read credible reports that otherwise reputable SSL signers have issued MITM certs to governments for their filtering John Levine, johnl Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail.

@_date: 2014-06-25 19:10:14
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
If it takes your money and promises to give it back on demand, that's
pretty much the definition of a bank.  What they do with it is
irrelevant to whether it's a bank.  In the US, S&Ls and savings banks
were largely restricted to mortgages, but commercial banks did
commercial loans, and all of them bought government debt.  These days
the distinctions have been fuzzed away to our detriment, and there are
a lot of shadow banks such as money market mutual funds that act as
banks but outside the regulatory rules.  There is also a move to move
checking accounts into "narrow" banks with 100% reserves of cash and
government bonds, charging customers for the service, so you get what
you pay for and there's no danger of default.
Who can issue checks entirely depends on who is allowed to join the
clearinghouses that settle the checks.  Here in the US it's things
regulated as banks (banks, S&Ls, credit unions) and some others like
American Express (which is not a bank in the US) for travelers checks
and the post office for money orders.  There are multiple
clearinghouses, some operated by the Fed and some private.  I don't
know what the rules for joining are.  Note that physical checks are no
longer settled in the US, just check images.
To bring this back to crypto, none of this applies to Bitcoin or its
clones because they make no promise that you can get your money back.
All you can do is (probably) sell them on to someone else.  I have
likened them to pet rocks without the rocks.  Since there are no
rocks, you have to trust someone to hold your virtual rocks or at
least document where they are.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-24 23:50:02
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
They're acting as a bank.  Doing an mPesa transfer is conceptually the
same as writing a check that directs your bank to pay money from your
account to someone else.  The only way to turn it into cash is to take
it to a branch of the bank.  They probably don't have the equivalent
of deposit insurance, but lots of banks don't, either.  (I realize
nobody uses checks in Australia any more, but substitute whatever you
use to tell your bank to pay bills.)
What we seem to be discovering here is that no matter what kind of
electronic currency you use, you have to trust someone.  The only
question is who it is, and what if any recourse you have if they are
crooked or incompetent.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-06 23:15:18
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
We have no idea how much a payment would cost at the steady state.
Remember that bitcoin mining is at some level a zero-sum game, since
the algorithm adjusts the difficulty of the problem so that there's a
new block every ten minutes regardless of how many computrons people
throw at the problem.
At this point it is my impression that we're still in a bubble and
most mining pools are operating at a loss, but eventually the stupid
money will go chase something else.  It'll be worth turning on the
mining equipment if the expected value of the new coins plus the
mining fees exceeds the incremental cost of turning it on, which is
basically the power.  The hardware that already exists doesn't have to
be paid for, it's a sunk cost, and I assume you pay for hosting by the
month, regardless of whether the equipment is running.  So while it's
true that in the current environment, the buyer's fee would have to be
$50 to pay for its share of the cost of mining a block, it's not
unlikely that miners will get discouraged, the problem will get
easier, and the cost will go down.  Also, there are currently about 300 transactions/block or one every
two seconds.  There's room in a block for at least ten times that
many, so if the transaction rate goes up, the cost goes down.
Having said all that, I can see how the cost would get down to a
dollar, or a quarter, but not how it would get down to a fraction of a
cent unless the value of bitcoins totally collapses.  At a quarter,
it's competitive with Paypal and Dwolla.  Whoopee.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-05 22:18:17
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
Executing reversions is easy -- you have some entity (the "bank") that
can publish undo entries into the block chain when it has reason to do
so.  The hard part is the non-crypto part of running the bank in a way
that is sufficiently trustworthy that people are willing to accept its
I believe that you feel that way, but it's quite clear that most
people don't, since approximately nobody pays for stuff from a wallet
full of cash.  (Do you?  If not, why not?)
Crypto nerds often have a tendency to conclude that the reason the
latest wonderful crypto-based scheme isn't successful is that people
are too stupid to appreciate it.  This is rarely a productive line of
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-04 15:09:15
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
It's certainly true that people don't understand crypto or Bitcoin
very well, but it's not just that.  Bitcoin differs from ordinary
online payments like credit card or Dwolla in a few significant ways.
1.  Bitcoin payments are irreversible.
2.  Bitcoin's value is unmanaged.
3.  Bitcoin payments are somewhat more anonymous.
4.  Bitcoin payments are, for now at least, very cheap.
Everyone agrees that  is an improvement, but for most people,  is
indifferent and  and  are actively worse.  It is not a bug that my
credit card transactions can under some circumstances be reversed, and
it is not a bug that central banks manage currency values to avoid
large fluctuations.  I expect individual readers of this list will disagree about those two
(we need a modified Godwin's law substituting "Zimbabwe" for
"Hitler"), but if you look at the way that ordinary people behave,
paying for a $2 coffee with plastic rather than cash, it's clear
what's important to them.
I expect the main practical effect of Bitcoin will be to put pressure
on conventional payment systems to improve their slow and inefficient
processes, and to reduce the often large margin between the cost of
the underlying service and what they charge the customers.  In the UK,
online payments clear in an hour or two, and never cost anything.  In
the US they take two or three days and often cost a dollar.  What do
they know that we don't?
PS: There's a separate issue of things like zero-knowledge proofs.
It's all very well that it's possible to create software that tells
two people they're near each other without leaking any info to anyone
else, but when you're running the PrivateNearMe app on your device,
unless you are a heavy duty nerd who can snoop on and interpret the
traffic to from the device, there's no way to tell whether it's
actually doing that, or the app's author is logging everything.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-07-20 16:12:05
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
This is wandering away from crypto, so this will be my last round.
That's not surprising.  Bitcoin is a speculative asset, and at this
point the Bitcoin fans have a shared interest in keeping its price up.
The story that nobody's in charge is one of the things that makes
people want to buy it, so, well, sure.  In the admittedly unlikely
event that there are enough contracts or debts denominated in Bitcoin
that there were significant non-speculative demand, things could
change.  Also, were such a thing in the works, I wouldn't count on the
people involved publicly broadcasting their intentions on Twitter.
This is what's technically known as "marketing BS".  Dell accepts
dollars.  They have a deal with Coinbase in which Coinbase takes the
risk of raising dollars by selling Bitcoins in return for a commission
hidden in the bitcoin price.  This is pretty much the same as saying
that Dell takes Hungarian forints because you can pay with a Hungarian
debit card, and Mastercard takes the risk of selling the forints.
Coinbase seems reasonably well capitalized for a small company, but if
there's another collapse in the Bitcoin market and they don't drop
their buy price fast enough, or unload their bitcoin inventory fast
enough, they could collapse like many of their predecessors and fail
to pay their dollar debts to, say, Dell.
Like I said, I think Bitcoin is an interesting proof of concept, and
the distributed notary idea seems likely to be useful for something,
but it's never going to replace real money.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-07-17 20:02:56
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
I realize that's the theory, but in reality, there is a mining pool
that could easily grow to be more than half of all the miners, at
which point it could start ignoring blocks from outside the pool,
which would be to the benefit of people inside the pool.  So long as
the cost of joining the pool remained small, e.g., if you join you
still get 98% of the coins you mine, this looks to me like it would be
a stable situation, no matter how much outsiders complained about how
awful it was.
There also remain long term questions about the technical viability of
Bitcoin, most notably whether people will still find it interesting
after the transaction cost rises.  (If a transaction costs a dollar,
there's a lot of other options with much less price volatility.)
To me Bitcoin is very interesting as an experiment.  It shows that
within certain parameters, the distributed proof of work model is
viable.  I doubt that anyone anticipated the grotesque amount of
computing resources that people would throw at it, or that there would
be mining pools.
The model is likely useful for applications like distributed notary,
particularly if there are several mutually suspicious groups
participating which makes it less likely that any one of them could
take over.
It's also impressive to see the number of economically ignorant
enthusiasts who imagine there is something innovative or disruptive
about a commodity bubble, which is what Bitcoin is.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-20 18:03:34
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet  Confidentiality 
Not a bad idea.  The widely used (in Europe at least) Sympa list
manager has built in S/MIME support.  It picks up your S/MIME cert
when you subscribe, incoming mail is encrypted to the list server's
cert, is decrypted and re-encrypted to all of the subscribers' certs.
I don't know anyone who uses this feature but it's been in Sympa for
years and appears to work.  I also don't know what they do about CAs.
Dunno anyone who does this with PGP.  With PGP, is it possible to
encrypt a message for multiple recipients or do you have to do each
copy separately?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-19 16:30:28
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] STARTTLS, was IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
Good question.  Other parts of AT&T certainly understand this issue;
some AT&T people helped write that MAAWG memo I pointed to.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-19 00:50:10
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] STARTTLS, was IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
Hmmn.  Apparently the answer is "yes".
A few seconds of googlage finds this article, which after you skip
over the breathless bits, tells us that this was port 25 on Cricket
Wireless, a prepaid mobile subsidiary of AT&T, i.e., a consumer
network without static IP addresses or mail servers.
Blocking port 25 on consumer networks to prevent outgoing spam, with
real mail submitted on port 587 with authentication, has been an ISP
best practice for over a decade.  Here, for example, is a
recommendation on the topic that MAAWG published in 2005:
Some large networks, notably Comcast, experimented with rate limiting
or filtering post 25 back in the early 2000s, on the assumption that
there would be fewer support calls than they'd get with outright
blocks.  That turned out to be wrong; when they turned on blocking
they got a spike of calls for a few days while people got their mail
programs reconfigured, then the calls and the spam complaints
disappeared.  The question here is how a part of AT&T a decade later
didn't get the memo.
PS: Some years ago I was talking to someone who worked at the EFF who
proudly told me that she had no spam filters at all, and manually
deleted 3000 spams a day from her inbox. which her management
apparently considered to be productive work.  Doesn't seem like their
understanding of spam problems has changed much.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-07-27 05:26:00
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Varoufakis claims had approval to plan parallel banking system for Greece 
In article  you write:
Pretty easy to tell who it is, there's three Greeks on the faculty but
only one does crypto.
Given the financial mess in Greece, it's perfectly reasonable to make
contingency plans for running the financial system if they get booted
out of the Euro and have to switch back to the drachma on short
notice.  The crypto hackery does seem a bit odd, but nothing in Greece
seems to work the way one might expect.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-03-22 01:14:03
@_author: "John Levine" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to unlock iPhone 
No, Apple is Apple.  My guess is that one of the many people who've
been saying you can image and reload the phone's memory card finally
got the attention of someone in the litigation juggernaut.  Note that
this is consistent with the Brooklyn decision in which the judge said
the FBI had told him in other cases that they could unlock a 5C.
It's hard to tell whether it also means that they were worried that the
wind was blowing the wrong way and they'd rather have no decision
than an unfavorable one.
cryptography mailing list
