
@_date: 2005-01-07 10:40:14
@_author: JOHN SMITH 
@_subject: WISHING YOU ALL THE BEST OF THE NEW YEAR!!! 
Please,let it not be surprising to you receiving this mail.I got to know of you in my eager search for a reputable and reliable personality that can assist me in handling a financial issue of this magnitude.
I am John Smith,a Personal Assistant to Ex-President Charles Taylor, the former President of Liberia. As you may have known, he has stepped down from power and has presently sought asylum in Nigeria. The purpose of this mail is to ask if you could assist me on behalf of my respected   Ex- President in the transfer of funds into your account for safe keeping,
pending when i shall come over to your country for a modest share of the funds.For more information about this,View these websites  carefully:   For more clarification,these funds were derived from the sales of Diamond during his tenure and these funds needs to be transferred/moved from its present location to a place or an account that you are hopefully going to provide. The reason for this is that plans are underway to confiscate not only his known fixed assets but also liquid assets. I have been mandated by my boss to seek for a reputable and reliable person overseas,who is well disposed in helping to secure the funds in question and who will subsequently contact the security company where this funds are currently deposited and sealed up with a Diplomatic seal.
Be informed that the Total amount in question is $22,900,000.00 (Twenty two million nine hundred thousand United States Dollar) deposited in two different trunk boxes as family treasures. Trunk Box (A) contains USD$8.6 million,while Trunk Box (B) contains USD$14.3 million, totaling:USD$22.9 million. You will be entitled to 20%, while 5% would be used to reconcile all expenses incurred during this transaction including the tax on the funds when transferred to your bank account. Upon your willingness to assist me,i would implore you to provide me with your full names,contact address,private telephone and fax number in your reply to me. I will send to you an agreement memo which would be signed by both parties and returned with a copy of your identity to guarantee our funds are in safe hands and to further strenghten this transaction. Please treat with utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this transaaction is risk free as all legal documentations will be handled by a legal luminary. Sincerely yours, John Smith.
(PA President C. Taylor)
