
@_date: 2001-10-21 17:12:07
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re: Read a book and get banned from an airline.... 
Sorry I was gone and the mail server dropped some of my email..
Jon Beets
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Saturday, October 20, 2001 11:29 PM

@_date: 2001-10-20 18:41:23
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re:  Calendar from Egypt: Image of WTC attack for month of 
Its odd that I cannot find any reference to this story anywhere in google...
It seems that a story like this would be everywhere.. Might have to wait a
few days in hopes to see more info.. Also the picture they have in the
article is too small to make any details out...
Jon Beets
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Saturday, October 20, 2001 11:44 AM

@_date: 2001-10-20 01:23:27
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re:  Expert Warns Coded Pictures Indicate Al Qaeda Planning 
I disagree on a few of his interpretations.. I actually see 3 smoking towers
when he claims only two and that they represent the WTC towers.. He then
also claims one of the images represents the pentagon but I don't see
anything there that does.. However I do see bldgs that represent other
government facilties. The man on the horse does not really resemble a pilot
at all to me nor do I believe that the painter meant it to be.. I do believe
the painting depicts america and the smoke stacks representing either
industry or just maybe even our image as the great polluter.
These items, among others in his article, gives me great doubt that the
entire piece has any real merit at all..
Jon Beets
Get the latest scoop on CoS
Or try these mirrors
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2001 2:40 PM
following an
illustrations to
inability to
Alghamdi, one
sites of
for a
node, I
sites, I
right of
plans. Then I set about filtering the data and came across an image of the
White House
could see that the burning tower actually represented a large building that
some people have stupidly suggested. It is a signal.
symbol in
e-mail to
old. Not every FBI office can even surf the Web. They are in the Dark Ages.
attack on
Agency [at
weapons to some CIA and State Department traffic. It appears that perhaps 12
indicates that al Qaeda  in association with Iraqi intelligence  plans a
biological attack that they hope will kill millions. I assume that this will
occur with the use of exotic diseases, such as Ebola, but also smallpox and
everything one could possibly find in a Russian bacteriological warfare
laboratory. The information that I have indicates that the Russian mafia has
sold these kind of bacteriological materials to bin Laden.
there is a group of maybe 20 germ warfare agents who will release the
aforementioned types of diseases in the very near future, hoping to create
epidemics that will kill millions. That is what the encrypted images at
Wandawis web site suggest to me.
board through the following URL: Physics at

@_date: 2001-10-20 15:03:09
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re:  Retribution Time 
The really sad part is you either think your really cool typing this crap or
you lack any real social skills... Probably both....
Jon Beets
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Friday, October 19, 2001 9:30 PM

@_date: 2001-10-24 02:15:46
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
The military's rules of engagement are very explicit... Anyone giving an
order to break those rules are themselves committing a crime.. The integrity
to stand up and say its wrong is what has been taught in the military over
the past few years as "Moral Courage"... I am not saying the rules don't get
broken but if even one person speaks up about what happened then your
looking at a very long time of making big rock into little rocks.....  At
the same time would we risk torturing prisoners when we have preached for
years for other countries to stop this exact same thing...
My bets are on the Al Qaeda personnel who want to tell all.. The ones who
are so proud of what they have done they will let you know whatever you
Jon Beets
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, October 23, 2001 2:33 PM

@_date: 2001-10-23 02:04:44
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re:  FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
This appears total BS to me... While I don't doubt some agents do at times
conduct their own idea of interrogation I sincerely doubt that the FBI as a
whole would be considering this...
Jon Beets
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Sunday, October 21, 2001 10:02 PM
techniques, including torture, after facing a wall of silence from jailed
suspected members of Osama bin Ladens al-Qaeda network, according to a
report yesterday.
custody, with four men the focus of particularly intense scrutiny. But
investigators have found the usual methods have failed to persuade any of
them to talk.
extraditing the suspects to countries whose security services are more used
to employing a heavy-handed approach during interrogations.
begun to appear, a senior FBI official told The Washington Post.
inadmissible in court and interrogators could also face criminal charges for
employing such methods. However, investigators suggested that the time might
soon come when a truth serum, such as sodium pentothal, would be deemed an
acceptable tool for interrogators.
persuade the FBI to encourage the countries of suspects to seek their
extradition, in the knowledge that they could be given a much rougher
reception in jails back home.
suspected of being a twentieth hijacker who failed to make it on board the
plane that crashed in Pennsylvania. Moussaoui was detained after he acted
suspiciously at a Minnesota flying school, requesting lessons in how to
steer a plane but not how to take off or land. Both Morocco and France are
regarded as having harsher interrogation methods than the United States.
break suspects, such as promises of shorter sentences, money, jobs and new
lives in the witness protection programme, have failed to break the silence.
Usually there is some incentive, some angle to play, what you can do for
them. But it could get to that spot where we could go to pressure . . .
where we dont have a choice, and we are probably getting there, an FBI
agent involved in the investigation told the paper.
and Ayub Ali Khan, Indians who were caught the day after the attacks
travelling with false passports, craft knives such as those used in the
hijackings and hair dye. Nabil Almarabh, a Boston taxi driver alleged to
have links to al-Qaeda, is also being held. Some legal experts believe that
the US Supreme Court, which has a conservative tilt, might be prepared to
support curtailing the civil liberties of prisoners in terrorism cases.
Blitzer, a former head of the FBIs counter-terrorism section. He said that
the practice goes against every grain in my body. Chances are you are going
to get the wrong person and risk damage or killing them.
whom are expected to be found to be innocent. Investigators believe there
could be hundreds of people linked to al-Qaeda living in the US, and the
Bush Administration has issued a warning that more attacks are probably
being planned.
ringleader who died in the first plane to hit the World Trade Centre, had
been looking into hitting an aircraft carrier. Investigators retracing his
movements found that he visited the huge US Navy base at Norfolk, Virginia,
in February and April this year.

@_date: 2001-10-24 02:18:03
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks idiot list 
Well at least you got the UNDERPAID part right...
Jon Beets
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Tuesday, October 23, 2001 3:21 PM

@_date: 2001-10-28 21:00:45
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re:  Gloat on the Phone - Go to Jail 
Does anyone have a link to this article.. I cannot find it anywhere..
Jon Beets
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Sunday, October 28, 2001 1:28 PM

@_date: 2001-11-26 17:47:06
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re:  SBC says appointing Gore-for-pres chief as president 
Oh great.. I wonder if this will improve relations or just make things worse
for those of us trying to compete with SBC on DSL?  Probably the latter...
Jon Beets
Pacer Communications
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Monday, November 26, 2001 9:24 AM

@_date: 2001-12-13 03:45:32
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re:  Jewish Terror Attack on US Foiled 
I still do not understand how we can support Israel as we do..  From what I
have seen they are as much to blame for their problems as anyone else (maybe
more)...  When I was a much younger man I sided with Israel (American public
schooling, what can I say..)... Now that I am 37, I am tending towards the
Palestinian cause.  I don't approve of the radical groups attacking
civilians but I wouldn't at all disapprove of them attacking the Israeli
government agencies.  What would you do if a foreign government occupied
your country?   Of course allot of the problems would not turn out to be so
violent if countries would stop letting religions run their governments.
Hell, a dictatorship would have works things out by now.....
Jon Beets
Pacer Communications
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Wednesday, December 12, 2001 5:41 PM

@_date: 2001-12-29 14:23:57
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re: Afghans Demand End to Bombing 
I read several articles and had not seen those... All I asked for was a
reference... Thanks for POINTING out that you can find it... Just WANTED THE
PERSON saying it to also GIVE HIS REFERENCES when he makes he satements...
Jon Beets
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Friday, December 28, 2001 11:42 PM

@_date: 2001-12-29 05:16:10
@_author: "Jon Beets" 
@_subject: Re:  Afghans Demand End to Bombing 
Sent: Friday, December 28, 2001 8:00 PM
Can you show a reference to this?  Everything I read today said tribal
leaders from the Paktia province were wanting the bombing to stop... I read
nothing about the interim government stating it...
That "general asshole" has been the one running the compaign in afghanistan.
And yes he is correct that we will be the ones to decide when the bombing
stops.. After all are'nt we the ones who decided when it would start...
Again I still hav'nt seen a reference where Bush stated our troops will be
there for a long time.. He did say the war on terrorism will last a long
time but where did he explicitly say they would be in Afghanistan for along
No it won't... But then again doubt it would go that far... There might be
the individual psychopath such as yourself.. But on a whole I would say it
wont happen...
Jon Beets
Get the latest scoop on CoS
Or try these mirrors
