
@_date: 2005-03-25 18:29:57
@_author: "Jonathan Rodriguez" 
@_subject: Regarding an inquiry 
Dear Sir/Madam:
I found your email address on an online forum, in which, although it did not
list your full name, it did imply that you are open to proposals. This letter is a
formal business proposal with the intensions of developing a reasonable
contract with you, as an investor, for the following project:
I am the creator of WebBrowserTV and WebBrowserRADIO; two new,
revolutionary, upcoming computer softwares. Basically, by inserting these
CD-ROM softwares into a computer, any user can watch live worldwide
television and/or radio, right from their computer. An Internet connection
is used as the receiving via (no antennas and/or cable box needed).
Please take under consideration that most people are now, more than
ever before, going online for everything. Television networks and radio
stations are now realizing that the computer business is taking over the
world, including their own industries (TV and radio industries). As a result
of our constantly-changing competitive world, new technological products
are always arising, re-shaping each of the industries they fall under. I feel
that I may have a product line (these two products) with a great possibility
of becoming a major deal in the market, especially if large chains (like
Wal-Mart, Staples, Best Buy, Radio Shack, etc.) decide to add these
products to their catalogs. That could mean a tremendous amount of
long-term business. The other good thing about these products, in particular,
is that they are both hybrids of very stable industries: The Internet, TV, and
Radio; and I don’t see any of these industries getting shutdown any time
soon. As a matter of fact, I strongly feel that these industries will perhaps be
forever with our human existence. Of course they will be more technological
in the near future, but a radio (or TV) is still a radio regardless of its shape
and/or receiving technology. Since these two products contain worldwide
channels and radio stations, they can be advertised worldwide, as well. The
ethnic target markets of these products are huge.
Although I am open to any suggestions from any investor who decides to
be a part of this project, I have already taken care of all the marketing
aspects of these products. That includes the idea and creation of the
products, packaging, legal protection for each of products, as well as
technical and production aspects. The products are completely ready to
be advertised, manufactured, and distributed at wholesale (even UPC bar
codes have already been assigned to each product). Based on a personal
marketing research, profit margins are also already set to very reasonable
profitable amounts for both the buyer and us (the seller), based on quantities.
I have also arranged a manufacture-on-demand situation with a
manufacturing plant; which will allow us to only manufacture and ship orders
as they come. In other words; there won’t be any startup production costs,
since each order will automatically subsidize itself, and generate its profits.
This will allow us to manufacture and distribute our products without having
to worry about warehousing costs. Our turnaround time is not jeopardized by
this "on-demand" method, either.
As you may have already noticed, the reason why I am contacting a third
source (like yourself) is due to that I don’t have the funds to mass-advertise
these products. I am open to negotiate a legal contract with you (or your firm)
for the aforesaid project. The amount needed for promotional purposes are still
being negotiated. I am personally contacting several advertising services and
trying to negotiate an affordable advertising package for this project.
If you would like some more technical information about these products, please
visit  and  Please inform
me, at your earliest convenience, of your interest on this project. Thank you!
Jonathan Rodriguez
338 49th Street, 1st Floor
Brooklyn, NY 11220
Email: JonathanR
