
@_date: 2001-09-24 20:52:55
@_author: Jonathan Wienke 
@_subject: RE: FC: Oracle's Larry Ellison urges national ID card for 
They can tattoo it right next to the "Exit Only" on my butt cheeks...
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, September 24, 2001 1:06 AM
I hate to trigger Godwin's Law so soon (though somebody else already did it),
but are there any Bay Area tattoo shops that want to volunteer to help
with the National ID numbers?

@_date: 2001-09-11 22:18:32
@_author: Jonathan Wienke 
@_subject: Bombs In Kabul 
This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not understand
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible.
CNN is reporting some kind of air attack happening in Kabul, Afghanistan. No one seems to know if this is a retaliation, or just part of the civil war going on there. An ammunition dump is on fire near the city.

@_date: 2001-09-12 02:56:00
@_author: Jonathan Wienke 
@_subject: NSA monitors domestic cellular 
ABC news anchor Peter Jennings just said that the NSA is going through their recordings of cellular phone calls to see if they can find other cellular calls similar to the one from Ted Olson's wife who was on the plane that crashed into the Pentagon.

@_date: 2001-11-17 19:50:03
@_author: Jonathan Wienke 
@_subject: RE: Monkeywrenching airport security 
Last year I used a duffel bag as a carry-on that I occasionally use to transport firearms. I was pulled out of line at the checkpoint and they spent about 10 minutes swabbing the bag and examining it before I was allowed to board the plane.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Saturday, November 17, 2001 10:58 AM
Airport chemical "sniffers" apparently look for the signature of nitrogen
compounds, not "explosives," per se.  I've often wondered how many weekend
gardeners have gotten hassled and delayed because of trace amounts of
ammonia-based fertilizers on their person and effects.  If you plan to fly,
be sure to wash your hands thoroughly before heading out for the airport if
you have been shoot, gardening or house cleaning.
 S a n d y

@_date: 2001-11-27 06:55:35
@_author: Jonathan Wienke 
@_subject: RE: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions 
An even better solution: a USB compact flash card reader. $30 at CompUSA or other fine electronics retailers, and $20 or less for a 16 MB compact flash card. This way more space than any normal person is going to need for PGP keyrings, with enough room left for your randseed file and other stuff like that, and at a price ($50 or so) that most anyone can afford. It is also transportable from computer to computer, so you could use it sneakernet style if you wanted to, especially if you get more/larger cards. 256MB cards are available for about $200, and a 1GB Microdrive runs around $400. Either of these could be carried in various orifices in extreme circumstances. :-)

@_date: 2001-12-31 02:57:33
@_author: Jonathan Wienke 
@_subject: RE: Choices of small handguns 
I have a Para-Ordnance P10.45, a 1911 variant with a double-stack 10 rd magazine and a shortened grip. it is a little on the wide side for true concealed carry, but it is very compact and 10 rounds of 45 ACP is sufficient for most concealed carry tasks. I have the steel version, and I like it very much. It has a chunky feel to it and is surprisingly controllable and accurate for such a small gun. It shoots comfortably, too at least with the Hogue grip I put on it. It's well worth considering for a CCW.

@_date: 2002-01-29 18:13:27
@_author: Jonathan Wienke 
@_subject: RE: Dr evil,cypherpunk genius. 
At least Dr. Evil is funny...
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, January 28, 2002 11:35 PM
 >>Yes, quite, and last I heard, Mr. May doesn't fly anymore, so it would take quite a while for him to get down here. If any of you c'punks would like to visit me, I would recommend that you come for my party which I am hosting to celebrate Antarctica's national holiday in June. I am hoping that Senor Escobar will join us there. Senor, I promise that I will not invite anyone from Delta Force. They are all busy assisting your colleagues in Afghanistan. Antarctica is a lovely place with a beautiful sunset once a year. Time to fire up the reactor core so I can make some chai, real Pakistani truckstop style. Pull out those carbon rods and gather some snow! <<
To be called a moron by the author of this...

@_date: 2002-02-23 17:17:57
@_author: Jonathan Wienke 
@_subject: RE: When Nannies Rule the Net (kinda long, sorry) (fwd) 
From section 5 of canada.com's TOS:
You agree to not use the Service to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any Content that :
(a) is unlawful, defamatory, obscene, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or otherwise objectionable; (b) you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information ); (c) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party; or (d) interferes with or disrupts the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service
canada.com and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content..
You acknowledge and agree that canada.com may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of canada.com, its users and the public.
When you agree to the TOS, you are agreeing to allow canada.com to examine your e-mail and stuff you post or otherwise transmit through their service. None of the foregoing would be possible if they could not examine the data you send through their service. These TOS are fairly industry-standard. If you want privacy, use encryption. Otherwise, don't foam at the mouth when canada.com does stuff you AGREED to let them do.

@_date: 2002-04-29 11:29:30
@_author: by writing a pre-arranged random value to a pre-arranged random section of the key file 
@_subject: RE: disk encryption modes 
This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not understand
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible.
With a 4096 byte cluster size, 1 GB of drive space would require 4 MB temporary key file storage. At this ratio, a 128 MB compact flash card could hold a key file for 32 GB of hard drive space. The key file could be stored on the same physical drive if you wanted to do so, but putting it on separate, and easily microwaveable media gives you the "wipe all the data without touching the actual hard drive" capability. If you trust the reliability of the storage hardware, you could send the main drive the encrypted data and the temporary keyfile drive the temp key data concurrently and let the drive buffering do its magic without a major performance hit. Reliability would be a significant issue, since losing keyfile data would mean the loss of a proportionally larger amount of data on the main storage device. If operational reliability is really super-important, having 2 copies of the key file on separate CDRW's would up the warm-and-fuzzy factor, but require the destruction of b!
 ot!
h CD's or CF cards or whatever to securely destroy the data.
The main feature I was going for was the ability to give a semi-trusted third party out of the reach of your local men-with-guns the ability to irrevocably destroy your data in an emergency, without giving the third party any of your actual data. If the "I need you to destroy the keyfile NOW" signal was automatically sent to the third party after N failed login attempts by the encryption driver (by writing a pre-arranged random value to a pre-arranged random section of the key file) you wouldn't even have to be conscious. And your (semi) trusted third party could have a similar arrangement with you, to covertly warn you if he was compromised. This design is intended primarily for applications where complete loss of the data is less dire than disclosure of the data to the wrong parties. For these applications, security considerations would probably be more important than absolute cutting-edge performance. but since the keyfile data would be about 0.4% of the actual stored dat!
 a,!
 I think it could be done reasonably reliably without a noticeable performance hit.
One real-world application that comes to mind for this idea is encryption for a corporate laptop computer. The laptop has an encrypted partition containing the sensitive corporate data, and the keyfile for that partition is stored at corporate HQ. In order for the encrypted partition to be accessed, the laptop has to have a live connection to corporate HQ. Even if this connection was a 33.6 kilobit dialup, you could still encrypt and decrypt at over 800 kilobytes per second, which is fast enough to open up most files in a reasonable amount of time. (The laptop/HQ connection would need to be end-to-end encrypted and authenticated to prevent an attacker from gradually acquiring the keyfile.) If the laptop is stolen, the thief gets none of the encrypted data, and runs the risk of having the computer tattle on his location via caller ID, GPS, or other means when it phones home. You could also use this concept for pay-per-view digital content, but of course it doesn't address the!
  u!
nsolvable issue of once the consumer has decrypted the content, how to make them play nice with it and not redistribute it.
Sent: Monday, April 29, 2002 2:16 AM
At 01:13 AM 04/29/2002 -0700, JonathanW =
half-key, 128 bits nonce half-key...]
Each time a disk cluster is from the (P)RNG and used in the temporary key temporary key half is read permanent key half, and At least it's big enough to prevent searches through =
the space.
But it not only requires managing the extra key-file =
(which could be pretty and needs to be kept somewhere, apparently not in =
the same file system),
it potentially requires two disk reads per block =
instead of just one,
which is a major performance hit unless you're good =
at predictive caching,
and more seriously it requires two writes that both =
If you write the key first and don't write out the =
you can't decrypt the old block that was there, =
while if you write the block first
and don't succeed in writing the key, you can't =
decrypt the new block.
This makes depending on caching writes much more =
difficult - it's already one of the
things that helps make systems fast and either =
reliable or unreliable,
and you've made it tougher as well as requiring two =
disk spins.
You can get some relief using non-volatile memory =
(the way the Legato did for NFS acceleration - first cache the write in =
battery-backed RAM,
send your ACK, and then write the block out to =
disk), but that's hardwary.
It's cute, though...

@_date: 2002-04-27 19:11:21
@_author: which could be stored on a compact flash card, CDRW or other portable media 
@_subject: RE: Re: disk encryption modes (Re: RE: Two ideas for random numbe 
This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not understand
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible.
Instead of adding 16 bytes to the size of each sector for sector IV's how about having a separate file (which could be stored on a compact flash card, CDRW or other portable media) that contains the IV's for each disk sector? You could effectively wipe the encrypted disk merely by wiping the IV file, which would be much faster than securely erasing the entire disk. If the IV file was not available, decryption would be impossible even if the main encryption key was rubberhosed it otherwise leaked. This could be a very desirable feature for the tinfoil-hat-LINUX crowd--as long as you have posession if the compact flash card with the IV file, an attacker with your laptop isn't going to get far cracking your encryption, especially if you have the driver constructed to use a dummy IV file on the laptop somewhere after X number of failed passphrase entries to provide plausible deniability for the existence of the compact flash card.
To keep the IV file size reasonable, you might want to encrypt logical blocks (1K-8K, depending on disk size, OS, and file system used, vs 512 bytes) instead of individual sectors, especially if the file system thinks in terms of blocks instead of sectors. I don't see the value of encrypting below the granularity of what the OS is ever going to write to disk.

@_date: 2002-04-08 21:53:21
@_author: Jonathan Wienke 
@_subject: RE: out of the box 
ummm, you've been to Sweden, but can't even spell it right?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, April 04, 2002 2:19 PM
weird.  I was told this when I was in sweeden, as an explaination for
the basic niceness of sweedes - ie, that they recieved in school basic
emotional education which enabled them to deal with difficult people and
true/not true ?

@_date: 2002-04-10 23:50:19
@_author: Jonathan Wienke 
@_subject: RE: Detectable cash notes a fantasy 
30 seconds in a microwave on high, stir and rotate tray...
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, April 10, 2002 8:24 AM
Tim May  Or more. Not to mention that if you didn't want your money chirping its presence
every time a bad actor pinged it you could just disable the transponder
in the money : mechanical pressure or repeated bending
high voltage
high power RF
For paper money failure rates will probably be high anyway.
I'm guessing that electronic tracking or outright elimination of cash
would be coupled with a surge in the use of barter and alternative

@_date: 2002-04-29 08:13:16
@_author: P 
@_subject: Re: Re: disk encryption modes 
This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not understand
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible.
Here is a technique for encrypting a hard disk that should provide reasonable performance, good security, and be easy to render the entire disk unreadable in an emergency.
1. Start with a good (P)RNG. Seed it constantly with radioacitve decay noise, digitized samples of monkeys farting into your sound card, keystroke data, mouse squeaks, your favorite hardware RNG's, etc. Hash and whiten to your heart's content, just make sure it can output a few hundred KB/second of data cryptographically indistinguishable from "random" (an attacker having access to the entire of the output of this device since it started has no more than a .5 probability of determining any future bit of the output).
2. Each disk cluster is encrypted individually. (On my 100 GB NTFS drive the cluster size is 4096 bytes. Different drive sizes under different file systems may have different cluster sizes. For clarity's sake, I will stick with the 4K cluster size.) Encryption can be done with any cipher that can accept a 256 bit key, You can use a block cipher (in a suitable feedback mode) or a stream cipher. The first 128 bits of each block key is the master disk encryption key, (a hash of a passphrase ors ome such hereafter called the "permanent" key half)  and the other 128 bits are the randomest bits you can obtain from the aforementioned (P)RNG whenever a cluster is written to (hereafter referred to as the "temporary" half. The temporary bits of the key are stored in a separate file which can be on a CDRW disc, compact flash card, etc. The format of this file is simple; the first 16 bytes of the file is the temporary 128 bits of the key for the first cluster of the disk the next 16 byt!
 es!
 are for the second cluster, and so on. Each time a disk cluster is written to, a new temporary half-key is pulled from the (P)RNG and used to encrypt the cluster data, and then is stored in the temporary key file. When a cluster is read, the appropriate temporary key half is read from the temporary key file, combined with the permanent key half, and then the data is decrypted.
Here are the advantages I see with this technique:
1. If you edit a sensitive file and save several versions of it, no 2 versions of the file, or even any 2 4K sections of the file will be encrypted with the same key, so an attacker will not have many instances of similar ciphertexts as obvious targest for attack.
2. If you need to destroy the encrypted data quickly, and have the temporary key file on separate media, (like a CDRW) the temporary key file can be destroyed quickly (microwave the CDRW until extra crispy) thereby rendering the encrypted data unrecoverable even if the main passphrase is rubberhosed out of someone. Imaginative encryption driver design could have several temporary key files; a real one and several dummies, so that an attacker could be confused as to which file was real until the real one had already been destroyed. The temporary key file could also be located in a remote location (preferably somewhere with no extradition treaty with your jurisdiction) if you can find a party there who would be trusted to cut off access to, and securely destroy the real temporary key file (They could continue to provide access to a bogus one) if a certain signal was received. "If I ever tell you to write value X to block Y of the key file, assume I have been arrested and burn !
 th!
e CD the real key file lives on..." If you wanted to get really fancy you could use secret splitting or RAID techniques where the temporary key file is split into X pieces, and Y number of pieces are needed to reconstitute the entire file. You can use whatever values of X and Y you need to satisfy operational reliability requirements and your paranoia level.
Comments, nits to pick?
