
@_date: 2004-12-19 04:59:43
@_author: "JOSEPH DUNGA" 
@_subject: Please Help us out 
greetings, Please permit me to introduce myself to you through this medium. I know you don't know me before and maybe surprise to read from me today, I got your contact in my searching of a good reputation foriegn partner to assit me in my late father fund.
when I was making a research on how me and my two brothers, can travel to overseas and Invest on the petroleum business.I am very glad to have this opportunity to contact you and I want to count on you for reliability and trustworthiness and I also want you to handle this Issue I am about to disclose to you as confidential, because of my personality in my country I am joseph the son of late Chief dunga belgado from free town, sierra leone . My father was until his death, the Paramount Chief of free town   also a Diamond Mineral & Merchant. He died in March 13, 2000 after a brief illness at the age of 70.One day after my father's death, I was going through his under ground save when I saw some very Important Documents which reveals to me that my Late father has deposited one trunk of consignment box of $8.2 Million U.S dollars with a Security company here in ghana My two brothers, PETER and MOSES and myself have not traveled out side West Africa befo!
 re.                                                 This is the main problem we have.At this moment, we are now in Accra-Ghana where we flee to in the wake of recent fighting between the government, the LURD & MODEL, Rebel groups. We are presently taking refuge at the Buduburam Refugee Camp here in Ghana under the Auspices of the United Nations High Commission for Refugees, U.N.H.C.R.I want you to assist us in retrieving the funds to your country then make aragements for me and my two brothers, to Join you there, where you will also help us buy a House and Invest the rest of the money on any profitable business for us.
My two brothers, and myself are willing to set-aside 5% of the Total money to cover any expenses you make. We also offer to give you 15% of the Total amount for your service.I will give you further details of the Security company in Europe also the Documents covering the funds as soon as I get an indication of your interest to help us.  please on your reply do send me your contact information, like your phone number and fax number, waiting for your respond.reply me through my private email  address.joseph_dunga Thank you very much, joseph dunga belgado......
