
@_date: 2014-01-13 18:51:55
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
As much as I respect Cory Doctorow's fiction (Little Brother was AWESOME!),
sometimes he rides a little off the rail in the name of publicity, in my
Even if you want to boycott RSA, the fact is is that a lot of companies
have paid a lot of money to be at the conference, and sell their wares.
 It's an important con for lots of small and startup companies.  Do they
think they'll hurt RSA?  Maybe.  Will they hurt smaller groups that are
praying very hard to impress some likely buyers?  Probably.
Not cool.

@_date: 2014-01-13 07:58:43
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for crypto 
Ok, I guess I'm being a bit paranoid.  Sorry!!!
I asked him that once.  His answer was, "I attack, I don't defend."  Argh.
I would guesstimate that a system that could be revoked instantly and
widely, so any key could be instantly killed, would help.  but that would
involve a centralized keyserv, checked everytime used.  Which would make
offline use difficult at best.
I really like the USB stick idea.  I think to protect data, a microswitch
is a legitimate thought, but I think Acid and plastique are probably going
too far.  (Although they'd be fun to play with)  :)
There's some other problems as well.  For example, Travis and Sergey
Bratus, I believe, worked together to get Linux running on hard drives.
 Not the platters, the firmware and IC's of the drive itself.  Active
antiforensics, and potentially active key grabbing.  MAybe the same could
be done for the electronics of the stick.  Would be unpleasant.
To be honest, I'm stumped.
Maybe decide the features and must have list first, then design system
around that?  My $.02  (while exhausted and recovering from illness,
forgive me.)

@_date: 2014-01-12 23:16:23
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for crypto 
I'm friends with Travis Goodspeed, and if you don't know who he is, he's
the crazed lunatic (said fondly) who decaps chips for fun, to read out, for
example, the entire RSA SecurID chip on a keyfob, or a cryptographic system
of all shapes and sizes.  FYI, he can re-enable an expired SecurID fob.  So
epoxying chips is good as a detective measure (as in, I see something was
done!)  It's not so good as a preventative measure.
He's the one who taught me to use syringe needles as probes to find JTAG
ports on IC's, since they're stiff, come to a point, and are easy to
manipulate.  (Works great, by the way)

@_date: 2016-12-24 03:02:59
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras, to be encrypted 
I respect that you think I need to have my head examined.
Perhaps we should say that to the use cases I formulated, strong crypto
isn't necessary. If you wish to extend a use case, to include on-device
secure storage of photos and video, then yeah, I would agree that strong
crypto is required. Your inclusion of archiving personal materials is NOT
in the use cases I postulated. It is also not in the use cases postulated
in the original article, I believe. We are talking about protecting photos
and video from authorities, either secular, religious, or by the "might is
right" rule.
 But hey, let's extend and embrace before we extinguish. . Photos or video
stored on the device are a wonderful way to archive my tax returns or your
sex tape, and should be encrypted strongly. Agreed.
However, I would say that anyone who stores
controversial/newsworthy/going-to-cause-you-trouble photos or video on a
device, and carries that device around, is asking for trouble, and should
have their head examined. The phone can get snatched, it is a specifically
targeted asset, it can be used to track you. etc. "But when there's no
internet, what do you do!!?!?!?!?!!!11Eleventy-one1111!!" You use a wifi
enabled device to take the stills and video off your original device, and
get it in the mail, or the hands of a courier. All they have to do is get
the damn thing to an internet cafe. or Dead drop it. or Cache it.
Something!  It's elemental tradecraft.
I didn't write this email for a couple of days so I could calmly read this
thread again. I read a lot more than I post, because I am here to learn. I
try to be polite, courteous, and respectful. That's a hint.
Thank you.

@_date: 2016-12-21 16:57:05
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras, to be encrypted 
A fascinating point about the perception of encryption vs. the reality of
encryption.  Can we break this discussion down a bit?
What I mean is, if still and video footage has issues, what are the issues,
and what are some solutions to those issues? A knee-jerk jump to
"Encryption Magic will SAVE THE DAY!!" might not be the right answer. :)
Forgive the levity.
1. Unauthorized editing of video or stills
2. Pressure, ranging to duress, to delete stills or video
3. Pressure, ranging to duress, to view stills or video
4. Unauthorized recording of information - Example - I don't want precise
location tags on a pic, to protect a source, but the camera does so without
my consent or knowledge.
5. Verifiably "correct" stills or video - I know this content has not been
altered. (Different from  unauthorized editing, in that  is more about
access control, and this is more about forensic verifiability)
So, I am probably missing a few. Please feel free to add.
My initial thoughts, and again, please feel free to point and laugh.
2 and 3 are solved with remote storage, to a "safe" place, of the stills or
video. Take it off the camera, fast.
4 is only solved if you open source the camera software and firmware, and
that's probably not going to happen.
1 and 5 can be solved by hashing frames, and interlocking sequences of
frames. Hash Frame 1,2,3,4,5. Hash Frames 1-5, and 5-9, and 9-14. I can
then tell you if any single frame has been altered, and if anybody has
tried to add anything to the stream.
I'm possibly being naive, but I don't see encryption (past hashing) as
needed. tell me where I'm wrong?
