
@_date: 2002-06-26 19:13:37
@_author: "John S. Denker" 
@_subject: Re: privacy <> digital rights management 
That's not a helpful remark.  My first contribution to
this thread called attention to the possibility of
wildly divergent notions of "privacy".
Also please note that according to the US Office of
Technology Assessment, such terms do not posess "a single
clear definition, and theorists argue variously ... the
same, completely distinct, or in some cases overlapping".
Please let's avoid adversarial wrangling over terminology.
If there is an important conceptual distinction, please
explain the concepts using unambiguous multi-word descriptions
so that we may have a collegial discussion.
That is quite true, but quite irrelevant to the point I was making.
Pick an intermediate number, say 100 people.  Distributing
knowledge to a group of 100 people who share a vested interest in not divulging it outside the group is starkly different from distributing it to 100 people who have nothing to lose and something to gain by
divulging it.
Rights Management isn't even directly connected to knowledge.  Suppose
I know by heart the lyrics and music to _The Producers_ --- that doesn't mean I'm free to rent a hall and put on a performance.
That's partly true (although overstated).  In any case it supports
my point that fixating on the *technical* issues misses some
crucial aspects of the problem.
Colorful language is no substitute for a logical argument.
Exaggerated remarks ("... ALWAYS have ...") tend to drive the
discussion away from reasonable paths.  In the real world,
there is a great deal of information held by N people where
(N>>1) and (N<<infinity).

@_date: 2002-06-26 02:21:36
@_author: "John S. Denker" 
@_subject: Re: privacy <> digital rights management 
Uhhh, my mileage varies rather considerably.  Perhaps we are using
wildly divergent notions of "privacy" -- or wildly divergent
notions of "identical".
DRM has to do mainly with protecting certain rights to _published_
material.  Private material is not "identical" with published
material -- it is more opposite than identical.
Private material is, according to the usual definitions, in the hands of persons who have a common interest in keeping the information
private and restricted.  Published material, in contrast, is in the hands of persons who have no interest in keeping it private, and indeed commonly have an interest in defeating whatever restrictions
are in place.
We have thousands of years of experience with military crypto, where the parties at both ends of the conversation are highly motivated to
restrict the flow of private information.  The current state of this
technology is very robust.
Ending about 20 years ago we had a 500-year era where it was not
practical for anyone except an established publisher to infringe
copyrights in a big way.  During this era, Rights Management had
essentially nothing to do with crypto;  it mainly had to do with the economics of printing presses and radio transmitters, supplemented by copyright laws that were more-or-less enforceable.  This era was killed by analog means (widespread photocopy machines) and the corpse was pulverized by digital means (widespread computers
and networking).
I repeat:  The main features of our experience with Privacy Management
are disjoint from the main features of our experience with Publishers'
Rights Management.  They are about as different as different can be.
The record is replete with spectacular failures attributable to non-understanding of the difference.

@_date: 2002-06-26 02:21:36
@_author: "John S. Denker" 
@_subject: Re: privacy <> digital rights management 
Uhhh, my mileage varies rather considerably.  Perhaps we are using
wildly divergent notions of "privacy" -- or wildly divergent
notions of "identical".
DRM has to do mainly with protecting certain rights to _published_
material.  Private material is not "identical" with published
material -- it is more opposite than identical.
Private material is, according to the usual definitions, in the hands of persons who have a common interest in keeping the information
private and restricted.  Published material, in contrast, is in the hands of persons who have no interest in keeping it private, and indeed commonly have an interest in defeating whatever restrictions
are in place.
We have thousands of years of experience with military crypto, where the parties at both ends of the conversation are highly motivated to
restrict the flow of private information.  The current state of this
technology is very robust.
Ending about 20 years ago we had a 500-year era where it was not
practical for anyone except an established publisher to infringe
copyrights in a big way.  During this era, Rights Management had
essentially nothing to do with crypto;  it mainly had to do with the economics of printing presses and radio transmitters, supplemented by copyright laws that were more-or-less enforceable.  This era was killed by analog means (widespread photocopy machines) and the corpse was pulverized by digital means (widespread computers
and networking).
I repeat:  The main features of our experience with Privacy Management
are disjoint from the main features of our experience with Publishers'
Rights Management.  They are about as different as different can be.
The record is replete with spectacular failures attributable to non-understanding of the difference.

@_date: 2002-07-11 13:59:49
@_author: "John S. Denker" 
@_subject: vulnerability in Outlook PGP plugin 
This vulnerability can be exploited by the Outlook user simply
selecting a "malicious" email, the opening of an attachment is not required. [NAI] have released a patch for the latest versions of the PGP
Outlook plug-in to protect systems from this flaw. Users can download the patch from:
By TED BRIDIS, Associated Press Writer
 WASHINGTON (AP) - The world's most popular software for scrambling
 sensitive e-mails suffers from a programming flaw that could allow
 hackers to attack a user's computer and, in some circumstances,
 unscramble messages.
 The software, called Pretty Good Privacy, or PGP, is the de facto
 standard for encrypting e-mails and is widely used by corporate and
 government offices, including some FBI ( news - web sites) agents and
 U.S. intelligence agencies. The scrambling technology is so powerful
 that until 1999 the federal government sought to restrict its sale
 out of fears that criminals, terrorists and foreign nations might use
 it.
 The new vulnerability, discovered weeks ago by researchers at eEye
 Digital Security Inc., does not exploit any weakness in the complex
 encrypting formulas used to scramble messages into
 gibberish. Instead, hackers are able to attack a programming flaw in
 an important piece of companion software, called a plug-in, that
 helps users of Microsoft Corp.'s Outlook e-mail program encrypt
 messages with a few mouse clicks.
 Outlook itself has emerged as the world's standard for e-mail
 software, with tens of millions of users inside many of the world's
 largest corporations and government offices. Smaller numbers use the
 Outlook plug-in to scramble their most sensitive messages so that
 only the recipient can read them.
 "It's not the number of people using PGP but the fact that they're
 using it because they're trying to safeguard their data," said Marc
 Maiffret, the eEye executive and researcher who discovered the
 problem. "Whatever the percentage is, it's very important data."
 Maiffret said there was no evidence anyone had successfully attacked
 users of the encryption software with this technique. He said the
 programming flaw was "not totally obvious," even to trained
 researchers examining the software blueprints.
 Network Associates Inc. of Santa Clara, Calif., which until February
 distributed both commercial and free versions of PGP, made available
 on its Web site a free download to fix the software. The company
 announced earlier it was suspending new sales of the software, which
 hasn't been profitable, but moved within weeks to repair the problem
 in existing versions. The company's shares fell 50 cents to $17.70 in
 Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange ( news - web sites).
 Free versions of PGP are widely available on the World Wide Web.
 The flaw allows a hacker to send a specially coded e-mail - which
would appear as a blank message followed by an error warning - and
effectively seize control of the victim's computer. The hacker could
then install spy software to record keystrokes, steal financial
records or copy a person's secret unlocking keys to unscramble their
sensitive e-mails. Other protective technology, such as corporate
firewalls, could make this more difficult.
 "You can do whatever you want - execute code, read e-mails, install a
 backdoor, steal their keys. You could intercept all that stuff,"
 Maiffret said.
 Experts said the convenience of the plug-ins for popular e-mail
 programs broadened the risk from this latest threat, since encryption
 software is famously cumbersome to use without them. Even the creator
 of PGP, Philip Zimmermann, relies on such a plug-in, although
 Zimmermann uses one that works with Eudora e-mail software and does
 not suffer the same vulnerability as Outlook's.
 A plug-in for Microsoft's Outlook Express - a scaled-down version of
 Outlook - is not affected by the flaw.
 Maiffret said his company immediately deactivated the vulnerable
 software on all its computers, which can be done with nine
 mouse-clicks using Outlook, until it could apply the repairs from
 Network Associates. The decision improved security but "makes it kind
 of a pain" to send encrypted e-mails, he said.
 Zimmermann, in an interview, said PGP software is used "quite
 extensively" by U.S. agencies, based on sales when he formerly worked
 at Network Associates. He also said use of the vulnerable companion
 plug-in was widespread. Zimmermann declined to specify which
 U.S. agencies might be at risk, but other experts have described
 trading scrambled e-mails using PGP and Outlook with employees at the
 FBI, the Energy Department and even the super-secret National
 Security Agency.
 In theory, only nonclassified U.S. information would be at risk from
 this flaw. Agencies impose strict rules against transmitting any
 classified messages - encrypted or not - over the Internet, using the
 government's own secret networks instead.
 "The only time the government would use PGP is when it's dealing with
 sensitive but unclassified information and has a reasonable degree of
 assurance that both parties have PGP," said Mark Rasch, a former
 U.S. prosecutor and expert on computer security.  "It's hardly used
 on a routine basis."
 __
 On the Net:
 eEye Digital Security:  Network Associates:  MIT's PGP site:

@_date: 2002-08-07 20:43:15
@_author: "John S. Denker" 
@_subject: Re: Challenge to TCPA/Palladium detractors 
That is frightfully underspecified.  Creating such a system
could be very easy or very hard, depending on what range of
policies is to be supported, and depending on what your threat model is.
At one extreme I might trust an off-the-shelf PC if it were
booted from CD by trusted parties in a TEMPEST-shielded room
surrounded by armed guards.  At the other extreme, making
tamper-proof hardware to face unlimited threats is very, very
hard -- most likely outside the "PC" price range for the
foreseeable future.
Well, the "technical terms" are not and should not be the
sole focus of the current discussion.  There are other
questions such as
 -- what range of policies should be supported
 -- who gets to set the policy
 -- who decides who trusts whom
 -- etc. etc. etc.
I agree that there has been too much ad-hominem sewage
and emotional rhetoric mixed in with the valid arguments

@_date: 2002-08-07 20:43:15
@_author: "John S. Denker" 
@_subject: Re: Challenge to TCPA/Palladium detractors 
That is frightfully underspecified.  Creating such a system
could be very easy or very hard, depending on what range of
policies is to be supported, and depending on what your threat model is.
At one extreme I might trust an off-the-shelf PC if it were
booted from CD by trusted parties in a TEMPEST-shielded room
surrounded by armed guards.  At the other extreme, making
tamper-proof hardware to face unlimited threats is very, very
hard -- most likely outside the "PC" price range for the
foreseeable future.
Well, the "technical terms" are not and should not be the
sole focus of the current discussion.  There are other
questions such as
 -- what range of policies should be supported
 -- who gets to set the policy
 -- who decides who trusts whom
 -- etc. etc. etc.
I agree that there has been too much ad-hominem sewage
and emotional rhetoric mixed in with the valid arguments

@_date: 2002-08-14 17:43:50
@_author: "John S. Denker" 
@_subject: Re: Overcoming the potential downside of TCPA 
That's an overstatement;  better versions appear below.
Yes!  Now we're talking.
BTW I would have said _supposedly_ the only way to get an approved key
is .....
OK, that's an important part of the idea.
OK, that's part of the story, but not the whole story.
1) The conversation over the last many days seems like the
classic blind men + elephant story.  Different people have
emphasized different parts of a complex issue.
2) The conversation has been greatly impeded by extremism.
People have been talking in black-and-white terms when
shades of gray are needed.
For starters, we must stop talking about "trust" as a binary
quantity.  That's like asking whether a lock is unpickable
or a cipher is unbreakable -- it's usually the wrong question.
We need to talk about _how much_ something is trusted.  We
need to be clear about threat models.  The current TCPA stuff
must be rated somewhere between "amateurish" and "preliminary"
because it doesn't clearly articulate what threat(s) it is
meant to address.  (Not to mention lying about what threats it is meant to address. :-)
Again, let's not get carried away.  A long time ago, in a galaxy
far away, I derived a bunch of income from the sale of software back when most people who tried that lost their shirt.  Part of the story was that the software was sold in cartridges that could not be duplicated without hardware hacking and/or substantial investment in non-standard equipment.  So there was no widespread grass-roots copying.  At the opposite end of the spectrum, any large-scale copying would have been detected and stopped by legal In this case, as the creator of the intellectual property, I didn't much care if you "looked inside" the cartridge.  The main thing
that mattered to me was preventing rampant copyright infringement.
I don't want to start a holy war about copyrights _per se_.  Probably nobody thinks that current copyright laws are ideal from a public-policy point of view.  But I do think that there ought to be _some_ way to make sure authors and performers get paid.
Similar notions apply to patents and inventors.  In revolutionary
France, they did away with patents and copyrights ... but they
quickly discovered that was a really bad idea and reversed course.
Also, the idea that you would have and use something that isn't
100% yours isn't such a radical idea.  I have partial control over my credit-cards and badges, but they technically belong to the issuers, not to me, and the owners can demand that I return them.
Whether you want to use a computer (or anything else) that you don't fully own and don't fully control is a complex shades-of-gray question.  It depends on what it's good for, and what it costs
(including direct charges plus possibly very-indirect downsides).
Again, the question is _how much_ trust, including how much
tamper resistance.  The answer depends on how much you value
the data that is being protected.
Important parts of the elephant include
  -- what threats are to be addressed (type and magnitude of threat)
  -- what degree of hardware tamper resistance
  -- what degree of security of keys, key infrastructure, etc.
  -- what range of policies is to be supported
  -- who gets to set policy
  -- who decides who trusts whom, and how much
  -- etc. etc.
These items are interlinked.  In particular, AFAICT to have a
useful system, somebody will have to jointly certify that such-and-such piece of hardware is tamper resistant _and_ holds a particular key.
(And of course many items are totally dependent on the threat
model.  For example, the required degree of hardware tamper-
resistance might be rather rather modest for a low-grade communications endpoint inside a well-guarded facility, and vastly higher for the Permissive Action Link on a weapon carried on a bomber, which could conceivably be captured and subjected to intense scrutiny.)

@_date: 2003-06-11 16:53:25
@_author: "John S. Denker" 
@_subject: Re: https for virtual hosts (was: attack on paypal) 
A reasonable workaround might be something like:
       ... to allow isolated IPv6 domains or
    hosts, attached to an IPv4 network which has no native IPv6 support,
    to communicate with other such IPv6 domains or hosts with minimal
    manual configuration, before they can obtain natuve IPv6
    connectivity.  It incidentally provides an interim globally unique
    IPv6 address prefix to any site with at least one globally unique
    IPv4 address, even if combined with an IPv4 Network Address
    Translator (NAT).

@_date: 2003-06-08 22:16:27
@_author: "John S. Denker" 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal 
>
 >>Attached is a spam mail that constitutes an attack on paypal similar
 >>in effect and method to man in the middle.
Yeah, I've been seeing that one for a month or
two now.  I've seen several versions.  Some of
them are quite well done.  I imagine they get
more than a few victims.
I would have thought that the perpetrators would
have been too afraid of stings to try something
so bold.  The existence of such schemes is a sad
commentary on the state of law enforcement.
 >>The bottom line is that https just is not working.  Its broken.
You guys are talking past each other.
All statements of the form.
  -- foo is working (or not)
  -- foo solves the problem (or not)
are so imprecise as to be useless.
It is better to talk about a definite specification.
Then we can ask whether foo meets the spec or not.
If you ask whether a given https implementation meets
the https specifications, then quite possibly it does.
So in this sense the technology is not "broken".
But if you ask whether https makes the world safe
for naifs to conduct e-commerce, by protecting them
from all possible spoofs and MITM attacks, then no,
it certainly does not do that.  There are some who
rashly claimed it was supposed to do that, so in
this sense it is quite broken.  It fails to meet
the broader spec.
