
@_date: 2004-10-27 20:17:27
@_author: Jaroslaw Suplacz 
@_subject: Private business in Iraq 
Dear Editor, One thing may change the November's election. Corruption in IraqPolish participation in the coalition has influenced moral assessment of the military intervention. Poland appears as a dependable and first as a noble ally. Poland is in Iraq for the great matter - the war with terrorism and stabilization on The Near East. The history of Poland, Polish Pope gives USA a stamp of a moral character of the intervention. Nevertheless, the reality runs away from appearances. Polish politics make private business on the war. The corruption range to the highest authorities. Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka was earlier the Chief of International Coordination Commitment in Iraq. As the chief of the commitment, he supported a choice of Bank Millennium (in which he was a member of the supervisory board) to the consortium that would menage the Trade Bank of Iraq. Accidentally, the Prime Minister admitted he had known how the members of the tender commission had voted - nevertheless, he was not a member of the commission.
Another matter regards to the public tender that decided about a contract on equipment for Iraq's army. In consortium that won the first tender was "Ostrowski Arms" - the firm that had not a license on the trade of weapons and whole firm was consists of a few persons. What is interesting in this firm? The owner and the chief of the firm was Andrzej Ostrowski - a good acquaintance of President Aleksander Kwasniewski. Mr. Ostrowski had issued a book about the calendar of the choice of F-16 to Polish army. It was only one book wroted by him ...and President Kwasniewski wrote an introduction to this book. At present, Mr. Andrzej Ostrowski is the accused of a trade of weapons without a license.
After the journalist's investigation regards Ostrowski Arms the public tender in Iraq was cancel. What the tender was it? The firm without license on a trade of weapons is the one of winners. The firm with a few people staff, not famous in branch... However, good famous for Aleksander Kwasniewski. Displaying the true causes, that whole war in Iraq will be dirty for the majority in The United States. If the noble ally is dirtier than Bush's administration, it will be a catastrophe for his vision.
I think you should confirm both events: the run of the choice of the consortium managing the Trade Bank of Iraq and the choice of the unknown firm without a license on weapons trade to the consortium that was expected to equip the Iraq's army. The international corruption affair will range to the high Bush's administration and to the highest Polish Enclosed please find more details, nevertheless, it is only in Polish:
Best Regards,Jaroslaw SuplaczAbout the author:
