
@_date: 2001-09-27 23:00:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Are Plea Agreements Always Accurate 
This case proves again that when there is a lot of attention
paid to a disputed matter it is likely the feds will make a
determined attempt to prove they are right rather than back
off and apologize. The USA just couldn't let this one disappear
in the light of media attention and all those adoring e-mails.
And, Declan, I think you are full of turkey for swiping at the
programmers and Brian's supporters just because the USA put out a mess of 18 USC-baked beans.
Get grip, son, and think hard about the bias of your story. If it was based primarily on the USA's press release you got
a credibility thingie hanging off your ass. Nothing in the press release proves squat about Brian's actions. It's all flat assertions, one sided, unbelievable, like pleas of yore.
It looks to me that now is the time to look into this story to see what the real story is, not brush it off. The pattern of
official hammering on anything to do with computer diddling
is in need of deep Wired critique, even a thoughtful essay
to counter going with the flow of handouts.

@_date: 2001-09-21 19:12:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IRS, Deceit, Rats, Narcs 
Ashcroft's anti-terrorism bill proposes allowing IRS data
to be shared with law enforcement and intelligence agencies.
As if that would be a new.
The bill would also lift the stay of US attorneys taking part in illegal undercover work. As if that was new.
Bush has asked citizens to inform on their neighbors,
as if that was new.
Narcs in the militia have called for defense of the homeland while the military is engaged elsewhere.
Recall the IRS manual for undercover operations which
states these strategems are already in use.

@_date: 2001-09-17 12:26:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
Visions of mega, ultra, unbelievable high rise towers are a stock
off the shelf stuff for architects and tall building engineers. Clients
and designers with delusions of grandeur, or need for PR to help
fend off debtors and unwanted bastards, dream up these fantasies
all the time. A crony and I worked up one to be 30 miles high located
on at 14th Street, one gigantic foot to be hidden the shell of Cooper
Union School of Architecture where puny versions of these things sprout regularly. They are all ridiculous dick-wavers, but fun to imagine
dildoing the suffering planet when the banal peewees that you get to work are totally dismissable crap.
Frank Lloyd Wright regularly published schemes for mile high
buildings, variations cooked up to garner diverting attention when
his debtors and ex-lovers beat on bunker.
Still, fantasizing the monsters can be dangerous as having a
heavily armed gorgon (LE, mil or citizenry) with nothing to do but parade, arms swap and kill almost unintentionally.
Fantasizers of being above the clouds may neglect their mundane safety obligations and get you killed by their drug-crazed inattention to detail -- designers, dual-use exculpators too, also call their
fuckups collateral damage. Then invite you to take a look at their
fantasticly satisfying corrective, more expensive, grander, does
not repeat history except as required to assure eternal gullibility.
Listen, it's not just skyscrapers, others crave vast lebensraum,
monochromic skin color, a single religion and language, a world
without toxics and taxes, unlimited sex and amplifiers, elimination
of differently humaned, an end to conflict or cleansing armageddon,
no fences or property lines, shit, even some desk-squatter in London wants me out of my bunker or fork over fives time my
Damn right I want to be above the shit level too. Here, look at
this escape ladder drawing, available for a mere arm and leg
rent on this bullseye.

@_date: 2001-09-14 15:38:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cheering WTC Exports 
The NY Times has a brief story today about the arrest of
five guys in Jersey busted for celebrating the takedown
of WTC. They are identified as Israelis, and "exportable."

@_date: 2001-09-14 15:35:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Many bin Ladens 
The Germans report that Ata and others planned the
attacks while at an electrical engineering school in
Germany and so far no connection to bin Laden has
been found.
That a small, smart, talented group could conceive and
carry out the attacks may be inconceivable to those who
believe in massive, overwhelming power, is apt indication
of the long-livenedness of those who just don't buy
the effectiveness of guerillas working in tiny cells and
executing non-heirachical operations.
The oft-cited Clauzewitz and Lao Tsu have misled planners now for a generation, a generation hoping to erase Viet Nam,
Cuba, Ceylon, and a plethora of asymmetrical victories.
"Lessons learned," is a favorite phrase now used by
giant organizations to figure out why best laid plans
failed. Still, the giant organizations continue to perpetuate
themselves by arguing the virtues of massive retaliation
and minimizing their ineffectivenss at prevention of what
they rush to avenge, wildly attacking targets but never
reaching disappearing attackers hiding in the underbrush near homebases.
Whether the lessons learned in this case will prevent
massive overwhelming attacks on foreign and domestic
innocents is a lesson yet to be learned, and learned, and learned. But no matter what, the display of force will give comfort to scared shitless believers in idiotic concepts of good and evil hiding venal intentions.
Would Clinton have APed bin Laden if the disappearing
devil was found hiding in NY's Metropolitan Detention Center
or elsewhere in the USA or Germany under a false dentity?
Who's allegedly under house arrest in Afghanistan? Not Osama, who is nowhere near where the oil pipelines are to be built. See the UK Ministry of Defense's analysis of why
an Afghan coup is needed to update the overthrow of
Iran by MI6 and CIA in 1953:

@_date: 2001-09-12 21:25:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA monitors domestic cellular 
NSA can legally acquire any signal at any time without restriction.
It is limited in what it can do with communications of "US persons"
that are acquired as part of the overall intake. USSID 18, NSA's
manual for electronic interception, describes in great detail these procedures with particular emphasis on how to handle intercepts
of US persons to comply with legal restrictions. So the agency can intercept everything in the electromagnetic
spectrum, and apparently does so. And, if given a special order to
do so, it can subject communications of US persons for analysis and reporting outside the agency. It does take a special procedure to do this which is described in the manual.
One type of intercept that is unique, and that is data concerning
crypto which may be acquired and stored in perpetuity for later
analysis no matter from whom it is acquired, including US persons.

@_date: 2001-09-10 20:06:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UKUSA Courts Monitoring 
Wouldn't it be provocative to imagine that HMG and USG were exchanging monitoring of high courts under a "you watch mine, I'll watch yours" UKUSA pact.
For example, this DNS entry:
Host, master (HM-ORG-ARIN)              hostmaster
       Nortel Plc F.A.O. Andrew MacphersonLondon
       HarlowEssex
       GB
       (202) 273-2640
       Fax- (202) 273-2651
       Record last updated on 13-Aug-1998.
       Database last updated on 8-Sep-2001 23:09:15 EDT.
Does a US network service administer the HMG high courts?
Perhaps both nations distrustful of employees of native administrators, or perhaps both systems run by each
other's intel agencies, either openly or under cover
of companies.
URLs of US courts restricted networks referred to in recent monitoring flaps as "DCN":

@_date: 2001-09-12 03:36:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
I watched on TV a guided missile hit the second tower; this was
replayed again and again.
Then I saw Kallstrom on TV saying there was no missile,
but that "we knew it was not if but when." Though he
said "we didn't foresee it exactly this way."
I changed my TV-eye-witness testimony immediately, never saw a missile exploding inside the tower. What I saw were two tall buildings collapsing exactly the way intended, without identifiable cause. CIA
is working on reenactment that will show there was no lack of
intelligence, no reason to suspect anything other than an
accident, despite the ususal paranoid ravings.
Why, for example, would jet-qualified pilots become involved in
terrorist actions? Bin Laden had a jet pilot, trained in the US,
who ferried bin Laden's jet from the US to Sudan. After a while he tried to quit the job but a Bin Laden aide
threatened the pilot's family. The pilot pondered that
then went to the US Embassy to cut a deal to confess what
he knew in exchange for getting a new life in the US.
We know from the Egypt air crash that some pilots are
cooperatively suicidal when their families are at risk.

@_date: 2001-09-12 02:57:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
Somebody who claims to be from inside the Pentagon
is saying an F16 shot down the airliner that crashed in
Pennsylvania. Are there news reports of this?
Also that a number of generals were killed in the Pentagon. Any news of this?

@_date: 2001-09-14 02:00:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
Ah, but since Ivan tested his superpower battlefield capabilities on lightly armed Afghans and lost thanks to US assistance, the Afghans' neighborly Pakis have come up with nukes and perhaps a few other devices obtained from hardup Soviet CBW researchers who are eager to assist the Afghans just as the US did.
Nobody would dare suggest the Slavs are looking for payback,
and have lulled the last remaining superpower into thinking bygones
are bygones, the cold war is over and done, as if thousands of
handy airliners would never become giant Stingers.

@_date: 2001-09-15 15:03:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Access 
Blocks and limitations on downloads have been removed
on Cryptome and JYA. We ask that bots and spiders be configured and monitored to avoid repetitiveness, looping, recycling and checking for previous downloads. Bandwidth
trashing programs will be seen as attacks and blocked to assure access by others.
If and when we get a compressed package of the collection
ready for download we'll request email for the URL to grab the wad. Otherwise the rampaging idiot bots will shut us down before the Warmongering Idiot Bot -- which may masquerade as a loose cannon viggie.

@_date: 2001-09-15 12:05:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Access 
The cpunk archives, Cryptome and a host of other crypto
resources are likely to be shutdown if the war panic continues. What methods could be used to assure continued access to
crypto even if possession and/or usage is outlawed?
That is to do what NSA and its global sisters do to keep crypto data available in perpetuity.
Post that info here, too, maybe, after thinking about the
A while back a list of global sites for accessing crypto was
set up at:
   To supplement whatever is posted here, we would appreciate hearing by encrypted mail what others have done  or could do to stockpile and distribute privacy tools? We've sent out a
few hundred CDs of the Cryptome collection, and are considering
offering a ~100MB compressed package of the ~8000 files.
There are only a few crypto programs in the files, mostly PGP
since 2.62. We might grab more for inclusion unless others are doing that. To comply with law we'd have to notify BXA of any new offerings.
John Young PK:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGPfreeware 6.5.8 for non-commercial use -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 2001-09-16 17:50:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: SYMBOL 
Sandy, not to disagree with you, but
this describes stolen jumbo-sized Stingers, dual-use at its best.
No joke, the mind of man is a hyde and jekyl, at home and overseas.
What I like about this list is the complicity it pushes in our pusses,
all rouged with technology in the service of mankind being turned
on its profiteers. No scientist, no engineer, no programmer, no
snotty architect, is not faithfully mirrored in WTC targeting and
collapse. Along with our masterpieces of exculpation: well, of
course, had we known that it would have been different, or let
us rebuild monumentally to deny our seeing more about ourselves in the rubble than bearable.
Why not leave the rubble for the unburnished truth it tells?
"The Bombed Buildings of Britain" was a best seller several
decades ago. Ruins of structures in Britain, Germany and a host of wartorn countries have been stabilized and preserved
to show a record of violence too often terribly misrepresented by orderly rows of white crosses, eternal flames and black Vs of
54,000 nyms.
No doubt 8 blocks of stinking rotting rubble, stabbed with giant shards of WTC's savaged facade would be a bit too daring for sacred-cowed Manhattan.

@_date: 2001-09-16 16:25:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: SYMBOL 
Yes, Sandy, how do you do that? Sincerely, I'm not being
a wiseass. Some building types have disappeared over
time due to understanding that they don't work any more.
Glorious buildings that once were once seen as absolutely the
best ever. Forts, for example. Gothic cathedrals that failed after exceeding the limits of stone construction.
High rise engineers now admittedly design to the limits of failure under economic pressure and aesthetic ambition.
One of the best high-rise structural engineers in the world,
often consulted after failures, says that it cannot be known
for sure all the forces that a super-high-rise will face, even
with the best supercomputer modeling (though not at the
capability of Nat Lab nuclear similuations) for each is unique, often purposely unique, that each is an experiment,
and there is no testing laboratory except the building itself.
Most mid- and super-high-rises require remedial work
almost immediately, some even during construction, and
sensors are now always installed to provide feedback on
what the modeling says cannot be foretold with certainty.
Those which have undergone remediation in NYC that
I know about are numerous, and most of that has been
kept under wraps with NDAs of those designing the
corrections, to protect property values as well as
reputations and to fend off lawsuits.
The New Yorker a few years ago published one of the
few accounts not in technical journals about high-rise
remediation, in this case about CitiCorp's middling-rise, telling of the years-long attempt to avoid culpability not only by the original structural engineer but by a host of other prominents involved, despite repeated damning studies funded by occupant-leaseholders who could hear the building pop and creak, feel movement and see cracked interior walls.
No big deal, perhaps, for unique large architectural and civil
structures behave in unexpected ways, having no unique
precedent to learn from. The safest high-rises are those
that copy successes, and the successes are few for
super-high-rises, not many are built.
Ok, daring is needed, that is the architect's drug of choice
and sale, but recall the building code of Vitruvius: commodity, firmness and delight. The architectural delight drug needs the other two or why bother building at all, just take a pill. The skyscraper bounty of which is in short supply downtown these days. No matter, it will come raging back like a bull on Monday, or will that market crash too.

@_date: 2001-09-16 11:43:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
High rises taller than about about 70 stories for office buildings and 50 stories for housing are extremely
Buildings taller than that are constructed for
vainglory, which is to say that architects, engineers,
builders, banks and governments are delighted to participate in such insane follies to advance the
notion that dense, wretched cities are supreme cultural achievements. The prime beneficiaires of this lucrative conceit do not spend a lot of time in the towering fire traps overlooking compacted cattle pens, but do assign staff there. As the weeping Gecko cries on TV, "I lost 600 of my cattle" at the top of WTC.
Reasonable humans should not work or live in them. Cutting edge idiots should, but few do, especially their builders who know exactly what the hazard is, though they may put staff there for marketing the illusions of safety. Eiffel spent time in his tower to assure the skeptical
public that it was safe. Making backers of dangerous
high-rises live and work there 24x7 would be an
excellent provision in the building and penal codes.
However, no building, high or low, if not a bunker under a mountain, can be constructed to be bomb-proof. DoD said this yesterday in a damage assessment of the Pentagon. As with renovation there, blast-resistant
features can diminish but not prevent damage.
DoD mentioned in passing that a mylar-like material
is installed on Pentagon windows, now with 2-inch thick
glass, to combat electronic and acoustical eavesdropping. The press thought the sheets were part of the blast-resistance system and noted that it had not been installed on windows of the press room.
DoD would surely not eavesdrop the press.

@_date: 2001-09-16 14:11:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [linux-elitists] Cryptome up for mirroring (fwd) 
Perhaps as a result of my lifting blocks at your request
Cryptome is nearly shutdown by people sucking contents for mirroring. My intention was to encourage mirroring not of Cryptome but of important crypto tools listed at:
  Most of Cryptome is non-essential stuff and doesn't
deserve much mirroring. The crypto-free programs are much more important.
We'll make available compressed versions of Cryptome
for putting at a few other sites but there's no need for
more than that, and our modest service is choking on the
overload. Once the archive is available elsewhere URLs will be publicized.
Hope you'll spread this word to other forums, and pass along
the URL for crypto-free.htm instead.
Unintended consequences give birth to freedom-deniers.

@_date: 2001-09-18 20:29:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Code Red seems to be back. 
The worm hit Cryptome at 8:43 AM EST and is now sucking
at a rate of about 90% of the load. As others have noted,
the bulk of the hits appear to be coming from our own
ISP, either by design or by spoofing the origin. Our server
is on Apache but the worm generates endless errors
attempting to find holes in IIS.
Pervasive DDoS attacks are reportedly underway at gov sites. We are not seeing an unusual number of that type.

@_date: 2001-09-18 21:49:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Transcript of today's Ashcroft press conf 
What's up with the date on the Press Briefing, yeserday's
or today's? Or pre-fabricated? Yes, the goddam Saudi dam spies should be disappeared. School of the Americas Comeback. Woolsey and Stew Baker and all the intel snakes hoping to poison the well: Disappear the journalists
like in Latin America, Middle East, Africa. Gregg's aide
now says the crypto-paranoid senator will not seek legislation
to rollback crypto. What violence will be done instead is
what the intel groteques are pushing -- wet work.

@_date: 2001-09-22 00:02:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Zimmermann\'s shameful display... 
But isn't obligatory for all world class cpunks to have
several nyms they post under, and to bad mouth
and obsequy those fictions with exactly the same identifiable writing style, shifting one register to the
left then to the right? I have here a list of names
and perfectly intercoggal nyms.
The evidence shows that some of these gearheads have been arguing and agreeing with themselves for years online and off.
One though, a master of disguise, hides in front of
a true name and never argues, never agrees, only
pristines flawless prose.  A clue: chews ghat, doesn't spit.

@_date: 2001-09-24 21:06:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Intercepts foretold of 'big attack' -- The Washington Times 
Bill Gertz has received an extraordinary number of leaked
documents. Most of those occurred during the Clinton era
when national security mongerers opposed to Clinton's policies leaked top secret stuff. Those kinds of leaks seemed
to have diminished now that those anti-Dems are in
power again. They continue to be opposed to carry overs from the Clinton team like Tenet and others. There could be more leaks or worse crimes against humanity to help get rid of those remnants.
However, ex-members of Clinton's administration are
now leaking natsec stuff as Bush's team increases
bashing of the Dem's policies, and counterterrorism claims
are sure to get leaked left and right once the pol's dipshit backslapping and airkissing vanish.
Congressional hearings on who knew what and when about
the 911 attacks may not be in the offing any time soon, but
they are needed to determine which war mongerers were most in cahoots with their good buddy jihadists to foster
mineral exploitation in the target region and as a sideline
boost the need for strategic Alaskan oil.

@_date: 2001-09-26 18:01:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
Well, these comments are going to sound sicko, but from
where we live and work, about six miles north of the bomb
site, it's as if WTC never happened. Had it not been for
TV we wouldn't have known anything was amiss. We first
heard about WTC from a relative in Florida who called.
Now, TV and the condolences-and-rebuild-ads-fat NY Times is our source of police beat news.
We have a project under construction downtown in the
West Village close by one of the hospitals ready to
receive victims. For a few days we had to skirt the
hospital, but not now. There were hundreds of photos
of the missing posted there, but not now, all erased.
Looking down 7th Avenue there's a void where the Towers
once loomed, but now a wisp of smoke. But the Towers are
not really missed, if you don't buy the fabricated outcry, for
they were always a bloated blur on the skyscape, now more
monumental as debris and lurid media images than ever
in real life.
No doubt about it, WTC has impacted others more than most bunkered and isolated New Yorkers who give not
a shit about their predatory neighbors, indeed fear and hate them along with the rest of humankind -- except as rubes
to be hustled.
Once I cared, then I learned it's best to fake it, and if you
can fake it here you can fake it anywhere -- just keep those
subsidies coming with the dirt cheap, expendable, immigrants,
and those cash-bloated tourists and congresspersons now buying a view of The Heap of Heaps, NYC's godsent First Wonder of the World.
You can bet NYC is set to capitalize on chem-bio showtime.
Statue of Liberty, ha, ha, ha! Eat your heart out.
I love NY.

@_date: 2001-09-26 15:53:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
David Honig wrote optimistically:
Not if New York City leaders get their way: high rents,
pestilence, repulsive jobs, diseased bodies, will continue
as intended for the Apple like other great cities of the world, with increased lies about their magnificence. Which they are for a few world class bloodsuckers who visit the scenes of their poisonous crimes now and then, bedhop ghouls at $30M pied a terres, spread their pox among the financial, legal and house help. Few of the titans rushing to rebuild New York live there full time, wise ones they are to remain missing.

@_date: 2001-09-27 14:47:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Emergency Diseases 
The Department of Agriculture today issued an emergency
announcement about the spread of "chronic wasting disease"
(CWD) among cattle and deer in the American West:
  The disease can be fatal to humans. Is there any tie of CWD to
A biowar attacker might commandeer US beloved dogs and cats as trusted Stingers. Or merely infect a couple of hundred to terrify
millions of owners who are dependent upon the therapy.
A problem with with cadaver dogs like those in use at WTC are the diseases they spread, vermin they host. Especially those
picked up during overseas disaster service that slip quietly into the US below the spectrum of quarantine radar. There is
no clear picture of what the thousands of non-US victims of WTC may have been carrying.
Pets can be used to carry encrypted or stegoed communications
in wearable or implanted devices. Animals have been used to transmit
secret messages for almost as long as humans.  Pigeons and other
birds are used heavily in less developed countries for that purpose,
but hawks are used to take them out. Use of overseas human adoptees as carriers is a complicated

@_date: 2001-09-28 14:47:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Brian West 
Thanks for the Wired pointer. From reading Declan's article it is not anymore clear now what Brian West did or did not do than
before -- maybe less so now -- because most of the information about latest developments has come from the feds, and Declan does not appear to have done thorough checking the feds' version with other sources, and indeed has put an unfortunate slant in his story not yet objectively supportable. You must know that the feds often put out misleading press releases, especially in cases with high media coverage, and
most especially when they have made a well-publicized mistake.
The story is not yet out about the complete Brian West story,
as with predecessor stories about  compsec cases and plea bargains and, worse, rush to judgment convictions.
I am not being crotchety just awaiting information that does
not too quickly help obscure the current law enforcement
practice of demonizing all compsec complaints made
by poorly secured sites operators and plea bargaining of coerced targets. This case still appears to be that kind of witchhunting loose upon the "defenseless" homeland.

@_date: 2001-10-29 21:10:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Secret Nuke Takeout Team 
Seymour Hersh, "The Risks of Pakistan's Nuclear Arsenal,"
The New Yorker, October 29, 2001:
  "In recent weeks an ilite Pentagon undercover unit -- trained to slip into foreign countries and find suspected nuclear weapons, and disarm them if necessary -- has explored plans for an operation inside Pakistan. In 1998, Pakistan successfully tested a nuclear device, heralded as the Islamic world's first atomic bomb. According to United States government estimates, Pakistan now has at least twenty-four warheads, which can be delivered by intermediate-range missiles and a fleet of F-16 aircraft.
Some of the government's most experienced South Asia experts have doubts about Musharraf's ability to maintain control over the military and its nuclear arsenal in the event of a coup; there are also fears that a dissident group of fundamentalist officers might try to seize a warhead. The Army and the influential Inter-Services Intelligence, or I.S.I., have long-standing religious and personal ties to many of the leaders of the Taliban, dating back to Afghanistan's war against the Soviet Union in the nineteen-eighties, when Pakistan was the main conduit for American support.
The crisis may bring into play the ilite unit, operating under Pentagon control with C.I.A. assistance, whose mission it is to destroy nuclear facilities, past and present government officials told me. 'They're good,' one American said. 'If they screw up, they die. They've had good success in proving the negative' -- that is, in determining that suspected facilities were not The American team is apparently getting help from Israel's most successful special-operations unit, the storied Sayeret Matkal, also known as Unit 262, a deep-penetration unit that has been involved in assassinations, the theft of foreign signals-intelligence materials, and the theft and destruction of foreign nuclear weaponry. Members of the Israeli unit arrived in the United States a few days after September 11th, an informed source said, and as of last week were training with American special-forces units at undisclosed locations."

@_date: 2001-10-25 15:00:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoD Cries for Help 
Protect your own loved ones and save $300 billion in annual defense funding, $30 billion for intelligence and umpteen billions more for hapless Health and Human Services, Justice, FBI, Congress, Supreme Court and not least the Presidency riding its sad nag of anti-terrorism bassackwards.
NEWS RELEASE from the United States Department of Defense
No. 540-01
IMMEDIATE RELEASE
October 25, 2001
PENTAGON SEEKS IDEAS ON COMBATING TERRORISM
The Department of Defense announced today that the Under
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics
and the Combating Terrorism Technology Support Office Technical
Support Working Group are jointly sponsoring a Broad Agency
Announcement (BAA) asking for help in fighting terrorism.
The BAA, issued Oct. 23 (No. 02-Q-4655), specifically seeks help
in combating terrorism, defeating difficult targets, conducting
protracted operations in remote areas, and developing
countermeasures to weapons of mass destruction.  Its objective
is to find concepts that can be developed and fielded within 12
to 18 months.
The BAA provides for a three-phase process in which interested
parties initially submit a one-page description of their
concept.  Initial responses are due by Dec. 23, 2001.  After a
review of a submission and if DoD is interested in further
information, the submitter will then be asked to provide a more
detailed description of up to 12 pages of the idea.  Submitters
of concepts that the department is not interested in pursuing
further will be so notified.
DoD will evaluate phase two submissions and ask those who have
offered the most promising ideas to submit full proposals in a
third phase that may form the basis for a contract.  Phase two
submitters who are not asked to submit full proposals will be so
notified.  Submitters of a full phase three proposal that is not
accepted by the department may request a formal debriefing.
Debriefings will not be provided to phase one and phase two
submitters whose concepts were not accepted.
Interested parties can obtain more information concerning this
BAA by visiting  .
[Web version:

@_date: 2001-10-24 22:15:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Choppers 
That was the initial perception. The NY Times had a report
yesterday about a pilot of one of the police choppers who described his futile rescue attempt -- he was on the scene
within ten minutes of the crash. The pilot said the smoke was blowing away from Tower 1 (the first hit) so there was a fair sized refuge for people to stand in any had accessed the roof. A thicket of antennas would have prevented landing but the pilot said there was a hoist onboard with a 200 foot cable capable of picking up people. A colleague was ready to descend to the roof to assist. Nobody came to the roof.
Another chopper hovered nearby to do the same. Other choppers
were on their way from Long Island but flights were cancelled
when it was reported nobody was on the roof.
The pilot said it was possible that at least a dozen or so
people could have been rescued before the collapse.
The pilot said at the 1993 bombing a cop was lowered to
cut away a wad of antennas so roof pickups could be made,
but that was too risky on 911.
The Times report said that only Los Angeles allows chopper
rescue from high rise buildings. Most fire departments believe
chopper rescue is too high risk and that exit by stairway is far safer. But in the light of WTC collapse fire departments are reviewing that prohibition.
The NY Fire Department, like many FDs, has no choppers,
and sees police choppers as scenewhores. Not as bad
as Sir Rudy and the Fire Commish but close.

@_date: 2001-10-24 14:28:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: War Criminals 
Paul Krugman, Economic Columnist, New York Times, 24 October 2001:
At worst, war bonds will offer a lower return than ordinary bonds. And if some people buy them nonetheless, what will they finance? Here's where that tax bill enters the picture. The remarkable thing about the 'stimulus' package that passed the Ways and Means Committee on a straight party-line vote is that it barely even pretends to serve its ostensible function. It consists largely of permanent tax cuts, not the temporary cuts that you would expect in a stimulus package. It systematically gives money to those least likely to spend it, that is, to high-income taxpayers, and above all to large corporations. Some of the provisions in the House bill are simply mind-boggling. For example, there is a large *retroactive* tax cut for corporations that would lead to immediate rebates of hundreds of millions of dollars to *each* of a select list of giant companies, many of them in the energy industry (though the $1.4 billion check to I.B.M. would top the list). On the other hand, there is almost nothing in the bill for people who might actually need more money. The extra unemployment benefits, in particular, are far less generous than those offered in the last recession, when the elder Bush was president. The bill, in short, looks as if it was written by corporate lobbyists -- and it probably was. Even Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill was evidently embarrassed by the bill, dismissing its more outlandish components as 'show business' designed to impress campaign But his remark was naove. Those lobbyists are serious men, who are paid by their employers to deliver results, not gestures; they wouldn't have put those provisions in unless they thought they had enough power to get them enacted. And sure enough, the White House soon contradicted Mr. O'Neill; the president, declared Ari Fleischer, was 'very pleased' with the House bill. Which brings us back to those war bonds. The government not only isn't calling for shared sacrifice; it is 'very pleased' with a proposal to give billions in handouts to corporations. And in that case, what is someone who buys a war bond really helping to finance? Put it this way: If the House has its way, the government will give far more in tax breaks to corporations over the next year than it will spend fighting terrorism. Yet somehow one suspects that people would not rush to buy 'corporate tax-cut bonds.'

@_date: 2001-10-19 15:30:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Stu Baker on CALEA and the Net 
Julian Assange affianted:
When I first got within 20 trace aromas of the lushness of Baker's double cultivated what-grows-wild-elsewhere above his peepers, my bubonic dingleberry squatters jumped cess to copulate in his.
You think darkholed bugs, you think impenetrable hedgerows to camouflage the skidmarks.

@_date: 2001-10-19 10:22:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Biowar Disinfo 
The Wall Street Journal of October 18 quoted portions of Congressional
testimony by Ken Alibek, former top Russian biowar researcher, as
saying that of the five main purposes for developing anthrax as a
weapon, the least importnat purpose was injuring or killing people. The most important purpose was to create terror and panic.
Alibek was reported to have said that anthrax was not that dangerous,
that it took a substantial dose to cause injury and more to kill, that
even crop-dusting Washington DC with weapons grade stuff would
not kill the huge numbers alleged.
But that lack of effectiveness was not what was to be publicized, he said, instead development of the anthrax attack system included massive disinformation about its lethality before all else. In short,
anthrax is primarily psywar (as is most NBCI WMD).
Richard Preston is his two New Yorker articles* a while back heavily
relied upon Alibek for his terrifying bio-WMD scenarios. I don't recall Alibek being so whipsaw disinformational in those articles as he allegedly was in briefing Congress how to whipsaw the public.
Still, there is the smallpox campaign just getting underway to
escalate the horrendous, shocking, information Pearl Harbor

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:55:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Safeweb on Anongo 
Safeweb has provided an explanation for why its
Anongo.com has a DoD IP address:
  Other peculiarities of Anongo are not accounted
The description in the same message of Safeweb's policy for storing users' surfing data and responding to subpoenas will likely raise eyebrows even higher than Anongo whereever that is.

@_date: 2001-10-16 15:20:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Saudi Intercepts 
Seymor Hersh writes in the October 22 New Yorker about
extensive NSA intercepts of high level Saudi communications
which frankly own up to massive corruption among the hard-whoring 5,000 princes and anthrax-snorting co-criminals, with a big chunk of the pork-bloodied money going to America's most wanted and US-oil-subsidized potbellied piggie.
Not online yet at newyorker.com, but perhaps soon elsewhere.
If Hersh got to hear the intercepts for his detailed accounts
that could get his anonymous source disappeared (no,
not k*lled).

@_date: 2001-10-15 18:13:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Schneier on Stego, Dead Drops, bin Laden 
Bruce is indeed commendable for his crypto advocacy,
though he's backed off from that in recent years now
claiming  dependable security is possible only by the service he sells.
In his latest Crypto-Gram he applauds Bush, says
the US has got to learn to live with terrorism, that
there is no way to prevent it, just learn to be cautious
and careful of ever changing threats, and follow the
leadership of those who know what's what, again the way he talks about wise and realistic computer security.
Unfortunately for Bruce's once sterling reputation he
sounds more and more like a scare mongerer strictly
pumping up the protection racket.
Indeed, his promo for his firm now clouds his opinions,
although he may be suffering coercion of his investors,
call that economic terrorism, though Bruce cautions
the word is terribly overused for trivial annoyances
like those of investors hounding you to meet expectations.
What can you do with a mature professional no longer
free to do what he likes, pressured to beat the upstarts
and gray hairs, why make him a prestigous spokesperson for an industy, recycle his outpouring of advice. Don't get me wrong, this is not about Whit Diffie.

@_date: 2001-10-13 23:17:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re:  WH = FBI = VP 
Is it true Bush wears a Kevlar vest when he parades to
and from his chopper for photo ops? All the time he
is in public? Is there a lighter more effective material
than Kevlar, for a sleeping bag on AF1? What protection could possibly be effective during the CN trip what with all the dumb-tech guided missles going berzerk lately?

@_date: 2001-10-13 14:17:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: RIAA Safeweb Proxy ID 
It is certainly a strong possibility that the DoD domain listing for Anongo.com is a CIA cover.
215.104.228.144 | anongo.com  | ?Vienna, VA 22183   | DoD Network
Information Center |

@_date: 2001-10-13 13:51:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Anongo is DoD Domain 
=== VisualRoute report on 13-Oct-01 9:39:35 AM ===
Real-time report for anongo.com [215.104.228.144] (80% done)
Analysis: IP packets are being lost past network "Qwest Communications" at
hop 13. There is insufficient cached information to determine the next
network at hop 14.

@_date: 2001-10-11 23:59:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: skyfall, sheepdip, fanshit 
Why beat around the Bush, the purpose of the press release
was to hype Bush's press conference tonight. Somebody
at the FBI was annoyed at having to cook up a dramatic
press release about nothing purely for show. Skyfall's a kissing cousin of Carnivore, that is to say, if you don't get that these names are used to embarrass upstairs assholes you don't deserve to know the truth.
It's like the FBI affidavit on the key logging system (KLS)
in the Scarfo case where a senior official is trucked in to
swear to something he knows little about in order to
convince the judge that withholding information is
necessary. The official's subordinates LTAO at the
turkey's gobbling the facts.
"Skyfall" like Carnivore, like KLS, like Infinite Justice, tells a truth of bureacracies indeed all large organizations, say, like the City of New York, that the titular leaders know only to puke in the prime minister's lap when

@_date: 2001-10-10 14:04:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: RIAA secret meeting memo fake 
We're pursuing the matter though Tony Smith at the Register
seems to be washing his hands of it. And we have asked a couple
of wizards help check out the source of the messages we have
received, now two -- the latest last evening (with a possibility
the source is a provocateur of the infotainment industry aiming
for sympathy legislation).
Here's our latest message to our always trustworthy source:
Response to your message last evening:
The Register has today recanted its story about the RIAA meeting.
How do you want to handle this now? Ready to be named,
your full messages published on Cryptome, or do you want
to provide substantiation for your messages and keep your
identity concealed? Or perhaps another thoughtful approach
to loft this story to a higher level. Interest will be high for a few
more hours -- or many days if you come through with authentic evidence. Want to talk on the phone, be on TV with a mask, then fax us your meeting notes for one of the prime participants, provide proof of employment with a media corporation. All as easily done as this message.
Tel: 212-873-8700
Fax: 212-787-6102
We get sucker punched occasionally and don't mind for it allows
respondents to critique and smoke out phonies, which has long
been big business, name your titans of fakery in all fields, not
least entertainment, media, gov, mil and intel.
Indeed, without sophisticated fakery, deception, disinformation,
lying, cheating, exploitation of the yokels, lying about the truth, this list would have little reason to exist, not to say a huge swatch of the globe's economy, led, yes, yes, by the USA USA.
Valenti claims the interests of the USA USA are identical to MPAA
MPAA, and why not RIAA RIAA and the supplicants for billions
like NY NY.

@_date: 2001-10-10 01:23:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NATO Bails Out USA 
DoD has announced that NATO is sending five AWACS to
help protect the skies of military-poor USA. Now is this a
variation on the UKUSA helping each other avoid violating
domestic law against homeland spying and fast disappearing
posse comitatus?

@_date: 2001-10-10 00:05:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [free-sklyarov] Fwd: Smell Test for a Certain 
We've asked the source to provide authentication for the RIAA
meeting, and asked as well The Register reporter who reported about the meeting on October 8 apparently based on a similar message. No answer to either request so far. We've added a note about authenticity to the file on Cryptome and are adding reader responses as well. Hal's will go there.
On person wrote that an alleged attendee of the meeting left the
organization cited a year ago. Another wrote that an attendee
was asked about the meeting who denied there was a
Still, we've encountered disavowals and smoke in connection
with other controversial docs, so it's wait a while for now
and let folks decide for themselves -- our customary practice.
When Hilary Rosen or Senator Hollings responds that they
don't beat their mates then we'll have a definitive answer.

@_date: 2001-10-07 13:43:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WTC Collapse Alternative 
It would not take a lot of explosives to breakaway an entire floor
constructed with steel joists like WTC; it is often done in planned demolitions with a small charge placed at each joist support --
customarily a shelf angle either continuous or segmented.
What would do it though without explosives is the twisting torque and vertical flexing in the tower tubes caused by an aircraft hitting off center of the tower's axis at 300 mph. Survivors tell of the tower swaying several feet, but they are not likely to have perceived the torque as such. The hit on the South Tower (the second hit) was more off center than that on the North Tower.
Tall buildings are designed with some torque resistance against
turbulent weather and earthquake but probably not for torque coupled with high impact. The WTC towers were made of two tubes, the exterior wall system (the more flexible) and the interior core (the more rigid), the two tubes connected by light-weight floor structures and at about 1/3 intervals, heavy-weight transfer and mechanical equipment From examining the wreckage the steel floor joists rested on shelf
angles welded to vertical supports. These angles are designed to
support vertical loads not much twisting.
The joists could have lost their support by tower twisting of no more than a few inches, the shelf angle welding beads popping, or the joists slipping off the angles that did not break loose (as photos
show many did not).
If the floor slab concrete was not reinforced it would have crumbled
easily under torque. Again, most building structure is designed to
resist vertical loading not substantial twisting. (Structural connections are designed to resist relatively minor twisting caused by static
and dynamic loading.)
There is a valid question of why the buildings did not collapse immediately if floor structures were damaged and serial pancaking set in motion.
The raging fires surely contributed to further weakening of the
building structure, but probably due to adverse effect on floor structures
and in particular on the light-weight shelf-angle welded connections between the floor system and the heavy-weight vertical supports.
It is at these connections that demolition designers place light-weight
charges, as well as heavy-weight cutting charges on vertical supports.
For comparison, a WTC shelf angle may be 1/2 to 3/4 inches thick welded with a bead about the same while a vertical columnon WTC could average 2-3 inches thick, increasing in thickness from top to
The WTC designers claim the buildings were capable of withstanding
a 727 hit, asserted at original building and after the 1993 bombing.
But the design criteria for that protection have not been published
so it cannot be determined what crash scenario was used for design.

@_date: 2001-10-05 16:35:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ Knocks Online Anonymity 
Walter Mossberg, WSJ technology columnist, wrote
yesterday about the need for the Internet coming to be treated like other forms of communication, that now
is the time for its special treatment to end. He said
to get rid of pseudonyms and anonymity, that people
need to own up to who they are. Implied that national
security is at stake.
Weird, for Mossberg is usually level-headed, and the
WSJ has recently been fairly critical of the power grab
of the Bush government in the name of national
You might think Mossberg has had a personal problem
with anonymous criticism. Or lost a loved one in the
recent tragedy. Or just wanted to take a swing at
nobodies to strut his courage, bygod, courage to
demand the world be safe and secure like it used
to be before the Internet.
Or maybe he got outed for using WSJ's servers,
or his wife's PC, to eat some lonely guy porn.

@_date: 2001-10-04 11:11:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Photos Up Correction 
Full size high resolution files:
  Mirror sites:
     (reduced sizes available)
  Other mirrors in the works, and more welcome. Send URLs.

@_date: 2001-10-04 11:03:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Photos Up 
Full size high resolution files:
  Mirror sites:
     (reduced sizes available)
  Other mirrors in the works, and more welcome. Send URLs.

@_date: 2001-10-04 00:23:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Recovered 
All 75 WTC photos today were recovered, using a $30.00 program called Photorescue from DataRescue, a Belgian company, grabbed online. Many thanks for quick pointers to a slew of such programs.
My panicky state and lack of Googling was due to learning
the photos had been deleted by Smokey only after getting home.
I had thought my obsequy had kept the camera and memory
chip from being confiscated. While being mesmerized by
a hypnotic Lady Smokey reading me Miranda, crimson nails
caressing her massive Beretta, luscious full lips mouthing me rights beyond ... Gent Smokey was deleting my reason for
obeying every command in the vicinity to escape losing the
data. Then at home I opened an empty directory, and the rest you know.
Thanks, thanks. Now to compress these 1 MB buggers into
transferrable size. They look fantastic in all senses, but
not due to any talent, it's all the camera and its amazing
memory chip.
Listen, if you don't have a digital camera with a maximum
size Compact Flash, you don't know what it is to get a
perfect picture every snap. With a 192MB chip you can
take a 150 or so high res images, and are they beautiful,
even to an idiot. The camera is a Nikon CoolPix 880, and
there are later, better models from Nikon and others.
The 192MB chip can also allow you to swallow all your secret
files, or use it to run your most secret programs and store invaluable files ready to flee the crime scene blasted naked with it up your pucker, which is not what occurred to me.

@_date: 2001-10-03 03:01:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Congress drafts new "anti-terror" bill -- with expiration 
There are numerous changes in PATRIOT from MATA and ATA,
and it has over twice their length. It still uses the same
obfuscation style of burying dozens of proposals as modifications
of existing legislation, making it hard to understand what is
being proposed without jigsaw puzzling the pieces into the legislation being modified to see what the whole picture
will be when assembled. An underhanded method compared
to Leahy's open-book bill.
Creepy to read the massive shutdown planned for the Canadian
border. Canada is surely to scream economic warfare at the US's
pressure to close liberal immigration and civil liberty loopholes --
it doesn't look good for ZKS. What's the assessment within,
To be sure, the US and its iron-maidenish allies are rushing
to close loopholes around the world, and one bad effect of
PATRIOT is for it to be used as a model for other countries
to toe the line and consequent clampdown on security
technologies. And pressure to shut Sealand, perhaps to
require the Bunkers to allow rummaging the precious data.
PATRIOT does just about everything Stewart Baker's Defense
Science Board panel recommended for legal policy to protect US national security, in particular the sharing of domestic
law enforcement, FBI, DoJ and IRS databanks with the military and the spooks and vice versa. Under the Ashcroft plan anyone can be declared by the Attorney General to be a terrorist or a supporter/advisor of terrorism and with that all civil liberities of the targets disappear.
For example, those constitutional rights Tim claimed a hour ago are still in effect in the US. But not if this bill passes. I suspect insulting a cop will become quickly a terrorist's mark of Cain. Much less refusing a National Guard order at the airport. A quick addition of the misbehaver to the US Stasi databank and a lifetime investigation and harassment commences -- or if the target gets Tim-like uppity a hole in the head made by lead or
enforced psychotherapy, totally approved by terrorist-drunk courts of jurisdiction. USA. USA.
Remember, do not say out loud, "fuck that." Think abou it,
then decide to self-suppress for a couple of years, then
a couple more, then more after that. It's a long, long campaign
the leaders warn, just like their predecessors said the main
enemy is within.

@_date: 2001-10-03 10:01:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
At the moment it appears that Verio's DNS server failed to
register cryptome.org as a valid domain name, whereas
jya.com was. We've placed an order to correct that.
We had ordered that the two domains be put on two different
boxes, geographically distant, to avoid both sites going
down if one was knocked out. Hey, there's WMD about
called PATRIOT.
However, now I learn that Verio uses one DNS server for the two boxes so an attacker needs only to throw one stone to kill both our birds. Grrr. That is what we wanted to avoid.
A smart sales rep assured me that this was the way to
go, after I had placed two orders for two machines to keep
them separate. No need for that he said, let me tell you
a better way. No doubt my simple-minded security method would have been breached by some Verio setup based on its own Japanese government spying principles, which is to say I can't escape being terrorized by Ashcroft.
What's the connection among Code Red, Nimda and

@_date: 2001-10-03 02:09:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
There have been a half dozen folks who said today they could
not access Cryptome, but it's accessible from here. And there
are only a half dozen blocks of rampaging bots.
However, we are in the process of switching the archives
to new machines and IP address changes are in the works

@_date: 2001-10-03 21:14:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Crime Scene 
Today I managed to walk around the stupefying WTC
disaster site for half an hour, doing what a serious professional would be doing: taking dozens of careful photographs of the ruins. Then an NYC cop asked to see my authorization to
be photographing a crime scene. I said nobody told me not to. He said come with me, and told a captain who asked how the fuck did you get in here. I said I just walked in, nobody stopped me. Captain checked my ID and my tale about safety-surveying the neighborhood
as a volunteer, and said escort this guy off the scene. Then I was handed over to the State Police who had
me repeat my reason for being there, took my fancy
digital camera, looked at the photos and bygod erased
all of them. Then I was handed over to the National
Guard who is in charge of perimeter security, and I
again had to explain that I just walked in, that there
were no barriers and no guards the way I came.
While that was happening two dozen victim families
were escorted to the site to stare at the devastation, carrying flowers, weeping, holding each other, some
stumbling, looking as if walking into hell -- which it
truely is. Shit.
I got my name put in a database and a warning to not come back or face arrest. I said thank you and did
not even for a second think to say fuck off for which you may shit on me.
Now the help I need is how to recover the erased
images from the Compact Flash memory chip. Norton's unerase detects no remnants of the JPG images. I would really appreciate pointers on how to reclaim the images: they show godawful stuff I've not seen published anywhere else. No human
remains as far as I can tell just dumbfounding acres
of what used to be and the giant machines and
tiny workers trying to untangle it.
If anybody can tell me how to get the images restored I'll be immensely grateful -- technique or a program
to buy. And I'll put the images on the Web as soon as reborn. They are high res images, 1MB or so each, and should be gruesomely spectacular, if only they can be unerased. Crime scene indeed.
What I admired was the grandstand set up by the Port
Authority for distinguished visitors to survey the
spectacle and be televised saying how awful it is
and how much money is need to rebuild New York
and what must be done to prevent this ever happening
again. That grandstand looked like the crime scene to me.

@_date: 2001-10-04 18:20:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WTC Photos 
Now we shouldn't overvalorized those working the crime scene.
This is not a war site by any stretch, it's a disaster site and
nobody is getting shot at or threatened by hundreds of officers
and military standing around with their thumbs up. The spin on
this racket does remind of war mongerers, so that is much is
true, but the pornography is by the pols and mongerers.
There are hard workers on the site, doing dirty dangerous work, but not most of the squeaky cleans, saluting one another,
discussing when to take a break, swapping tales of pussy
and liquor, angling for the attention of any camera in sight,
kissing superiors' asses.
The site is way over staffed and equipped, with much of
the staff and stuff unused, again like a war where only
a tiny majority ever risk shit. War stories are pornographic
lies no matter who tells them, and the best lies are told
by police and the military.
Hats off to the few hard workers I saw at WTC, a big Bronx
cheer to the 90% on the site who were there for racking up
points and lurid tales to tell the rubes on- and off-site.
Speaking from one jerk's experience, the officers and soldiers
seemed relieved to have me to deal with. Not much, but better
than hosting the gaggle of celebrities who look through them
until the photo crew are set up, then profuse thanks, then
lights out and off to the limo.
I think the reason Smokey deleted my photos is because I
took no pix of the spic and span uniformed idlers. Shit, I heard
a group of cops discussing what kind of groovy hardhat to
wear, what kind of flags to costume in. Paratroopers halting
a cute female officer, raining her with a bevy of different salutes until she rushed away red-faced.
Even so, I thanked every officer I dealt with for their
sacrifices. No bullshit, having been a soldier the terror
comes in a instant, and waiting for years doing nothing doesn't make it less so. Waiting for hell to break is what these folks
do for a living. And I appreciate that protection. It is easy
for me not to insult them in the NYC daily economic war Still, I don't want them insulting me, telling me what a
piece of shit I am. Think about it, Joe, what you hiding.

@_date: 2001-10-04 17:04:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WTC Photos 
Yes, Incognito is correct. But what you need for experiencing
the real thing is this little bag of rainbows which Guiliani and
Pataki and Bush hand out to special visitors. I grabbed a bunch
of these grandiloquenizers from Red Cross which freely dispenses them to the cadaver bits mongerers.
The NY Times reports today how hard it is to get on the WTC
site if you are not a celebrity, a friend of the Mayor or Governor,
or a source of funds to rebuild the profanely sacred site. Not even the press can break the embargo, unless a press celeb.
The terrorism nuttiness extends to the American Institute of Architects who, the Times reports today, is issuing a warning to its members not to disclose building information. I don't
belong to that fruitcake-cartel which is about as courageous
as City and State and Federal officials when it comes to
guarding its nearly worthless information. AIA does only
what it takes to get its members jobs. I tried to do volunteer
work for the local AIA chapter surveying buildings around WTC, but later learned that its program is open only to members seeking paid work at the disaster. I was at the WTC site following a volunteer inspection of
a local terrified office renter who called the AIA for assistance and was given a list of expensive architects whose fees have jumped, and told no volunteers available. Word of
mouth got me. And I got to the WTC for excellent payment.

@_date: 2001-10-04 12:57:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WTC Photos 
Agreed that reduced-size images are desirable. One or more of
the mirrors are offering those, Parrhesia for example. We elected to initially offer the full size to not limit what can be offered by others
and to feed those with terabyte maws.
When image downloads jam shut Cryptome, which seems likely soon, we'll de-PATRIOT the bloat.
And if I was *nix-savvy what would I need this suck-palace for.

@_date: 2001-10-04 03:14:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Photos 
We're now tranferring the 72 WTC photos to Cryptome at
full resolution, each about 1 MB. Due to the size we would
appreciate a few mirrors being set up before we announce
to ease the load on our new finicky server.
If anyone can handle a collection of about 76MB, send me
a message and I will provide a URL for the package when
it is ready -- probably in an hour or two. Then the mirrors
will be listed with the intro when announced. Brace for a long download of the set unless you got a T1.
The intro explains how the crime scene was snapped. The photographer is not named, thank you for not fingering
to whoever might be probing. Guiliani is very vindictive
about leaks of info about his secret project.

@_date: 2001-10-06 13:17:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Collapse Alternative 
What is odd about the WTC debris is how few larger fragments of concrete it contains. Reports on the structure say reinforced concrete was used for floor slabs and customarily in demolition such material breaks apart in relatively large chunks, the broken concrete remaining attached by steel reinforcing bars or wire mesh. However, there is a structural design where plain concrete is placed on metal floor decking with little or no reinforcing. Also, lightweight concrete, whose course aggregate is cinder rather than stone, is often used to limit the weight of the structure, especially
in high-rise building. This lightweight material does not usually have the strength of regular concrete and strength is provided by metal decking below it. The large amount of dust produced by the towers' collapse and the relative lack of larger concrete shards raise the possibility that the building disintegrated at least in part due to lesser strength of the type of concrete used in the floors. That remains to be examined.
Observation of the towers' remains show that while main steel vertical structural members of the exterior wall and central core withstood the collapse, the horizontal floor-supporting trusses broke away from these vertical supports at the points of attachment (probably made by welding). One view of the North Tower (1 WTC) shows the exterior and core remnants and the ruptured points
of floor structure attachment. Photos:         What this suggests is the possibility that the structure of each floor collapsed due to load of collapsing floors above them, and that only afterwards did the vertical supports at the exterior and core collapse. Review of video of the collapse appears to confirm this sequence as well as the consequent supposition that the floor structure was the weakest part of the buildings

@_date: 2001-10-08 23:46:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: More on Anthrax cases at publishing company in Florida 
Tim May sigged:
That is pretty funny, to let DNA determine which is which.
NYC has announced plans for a huge new DNA analysis center
as if calamity is to become a normal part of Fun City. Not that
that is news, heretofore Potter's Field took the anonymous
cadavers. Now Fresh Kills gets what is left over after DNA
FBI Tent City at Fresh Kills is the first rebuilding of New York,
the DNA Center the second.

@_date: 2001-10-09 06:24:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA Secret Meeting 
Anonymous reports on a secret meeting of RIAA:
   "On Thursday October 4 there was a closed-door RIAA meeting at the
Ritz-Carlton, which was 'a direction setting' meeting. The individuals of
note attending were:
  Hillary Rosen - RIAA Chief
  Steve Heckler - Sony Music
  Strauss Zelnick - BMG
  Edgar Bronfman - Universal
  Gerald Levin - AOL Time-Warner
  Ken Berry - EMI
  Leonardo Chiariaglione - SDMI Chair (Leaving Soon)
  Francis Jones - Codex Data Systems
  Fritz Hollings - Senator
  Ted Stevens - Senator
  Michael Eisner - Disney CEO
  Jack Valenti - President, MPAA
  Andy Grove - Intel CEO
  Lou Gerstner - IBM
  Yoishi Morishita - CEO Matsushita
  Tsutomo Kawata - CEO Toshiba
  Jay Berman - IFPI Chair
  Paul England - Microsoft Advanced Cryptography research group
One particularly disturbing fact is that Codex Data System's DIRT software is supposed to be restricted to law enforcement agencies, yet the RIAA, MPAA, and IFPI have all purchased it, and use it routinely to monitor servers which are suspected of infringing content, yet are password protected such as servers which require one to sign up for a password account like hotline servers
that have no guest download."

@_date: 2001-10-09 03:34:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA Secret Meeting 
Anonymous reports on a secret meeting of RIAA:
   "On Thursday October 4 there was a closed-door RIAA meeting at the
Ritz-Carlton, which was 'a direction setting' meeting. The individuals of
note attending were:
  Hillary Rosen - RIAA Chief
  Steve Heckler - Sony Music
  Strauss Zelnick - BMG
  Edgar Bronfman - Universal
  Gerald Levin - AOL Time-Warner
  Ken Berry - EMI
  Leonardo Chiariaglione - SDMI Chair (Leaving Soon)
  Francis Jones - Codex Data Systems
  Fritz Hollings - Senator
  Ted Stevens - Senator
  Michael Eisner - Disney CEO
  Jack Valenti - President, MPAA
  Andy Grove - Intel CEO
  Lou Gerstner - IBM
  Yoishi Morishita - CEO Matsushita
  Tsutomo Kawata - CEO Toshiba
  Jay Berman - IFPI Chair
  Paul England - Microsoft Advanced Cryptography research group
One particularly disturbing fact is that Codex Data System's DIRT software is supposed to be restricted to law enforcement agencies, yet the RIAA, MPAA, and IFPI have all purchased it, and use it routinely to monitor servers which are suspected of infringing content, yet are password protected such as servers which require one to sign up for a password account like hotline servers
that have no guest download."

@_date: 2001-10-10 16:52:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: US Food Aid Propaganda 
This is the kind of statement that deserves reporting among the 250,000 tips the FBI has received on its finger-a-terrorist website Fucking traitors always disclose the classified bottom line math behind the body counts.

@_date: 2001-10-10 23:35:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Register: RIAA secret meeting a hoax. 
Has anyone seen one of the full messages from the source
of the meeting story other than Tony Smith, me and one other
party which was cc'ed on mine? That's not to say Tony got the one I got -- he has not answered my inquiry to him yesterday.
There are fascinating parts of my message that haven't come
to light -- yet. We'll publish all the messages with the tracking
headers we've got it if we can prove the information is false. Which Tony Smith didn't do beyond being, apparently, buffaloed by disclaimers that are standard smoke for shenanigans, at least as far as his retraction went. Could be he's blowing smoke to cover his own looking more closely at the matter.
Hal's Finney's critique was pretty good, but I assume it was
based on the information that has been made public. Tony Smith
didn't report stuff in the message I got, again not that we
got the same message. Nor did he report the results of a
follow-up from his source if he asked for it.
What we have done with a bit of technical tracking and matching
time data is get within one or two boxes of the source, ID'ed an unusual browser type, the operating system, some other yadda log file stuff.
Fingering the source is the last thing to do, and then only if the
episode was rigged by RIAA or other alleged attendees.
No need to beat up on Smith, there are so many blandly
verifiable stories published that it's refreshing to see one that
remains disputably interesting.  Sorry to see his retraction
just when the topic gets interesting.  Hope he digs up more
on why the story was spread rather than duck the spin

@_date: 2001-10-12 00:36:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Tracking the RIAA Source 
But Declan, are you saying your word about checking
is to be believed? I didn't see your proof. How is your position not a hoax? Names and dates and documents
to back them or you're a fucking lying hoaxer.
Did you ask to see any of the RIAA messages, and if so,
did you see them. You didn't ask me what might be
in the ones I got, if there were others (there are), if this is a campaign run by RIAA to create sympathy,
or some other vile deed much worse than a trivial
hoax which seems to beguile overmuch. Why the rush to judgment to believe "people who allegedly
were there?" Where's your healthy skeptcism of these
people. None of the persons listed in the message are
trustworthy if you're not in their loop. Are you in their
loop, then you got a problem vouching for what they
told you. You slimey suckup, you boy with cute eyes.
you, you, Brad Pitt.
Were you so blinded by the desire to whack your competition
that you failed to see a genuine story -- which has yet to
researched and reported? Why the eagerness to wash your
hands, as with Tony Smith, to not follow the lead handed
to you. Why not do an truly original interesting story, you, you recycler.
Let me give you some pointers on getting why getting sucker punched works, compared to getting fat-headed
on inside dope. You need more punchdrunkenness to
offset your condescending pretentiousness. Grow half
a beard. Chop a finger. And stop grinning so much. Take the sucker punches for they give you a look at the enemy not available by a frank and earnest confab. Truth
comes out by hammer blows not by popping zits.
You have performed worse than The Register on this,
I opine from this pinnacle of Absolom. And you are now using delphic putdowns to beg the important issue -- which is why do reporters run from really brusing
challenges yet brag about the creampufferies of,
what else, free speech (spit). A hoax is not worth the time it takes to debunk it, they are every where. More interesting is what's behind the RIAA orchestrated deception kind. If guys like you, offal meisers, did a good job there would be no need for us purehearted bottom-feeders where the repugant action takes place and where you never know for sure who's out to plant false info -- you've done that with me more than once. You, you American.
This is the word of Jehovah Allah, so watch your fucking

@_date: 2001-10-11 17:19:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Tracking the RIAA Source 
From 14 users of Safeweb scattered around the US and several overseas, the same range of IP addresses
were used. Which makes sense if all users logged into
the same Safeweb home page and from there logged
onto Cryptome. A few users logged in from their own
addresses just before or after using Safeweb for
No triangulation with that method.
One thing my co-cpunk found by pinging Safeweb is that
the last couple of hops were in the NYC area:
13  lga1-ord2-oc48-2.lga1.above.net (208.185.156.158)  112.562 ms  111.984
ms  112.53 ms
14  core2-lga1-oc192.lga2.above.net (208.184.232.198)  114.423 ms  113.431
ms  112.688 ms
15  main1colo45-core2-oc48.lga2.above.net (216.200.127.174)  113.138 ms
113.855 ms  111.581 ms
16  208.184.48.189.safeweb.com (208.184.48.189)  113.78 ms  115.876 ms
113.534 ms
17  64.124.150.130.safeweb.com (64.124.150.130)  112.797 ms  112.937 ms
112.228 ms
This is on the assumption that "lga2" refers to "La Guardia,"
but that is not certain for the tag may have nothing to do with
physical location. However other above.net hops used airport
If you would like to ping Safeweb we would appreciate getting
the logs for comparison. Just be alert to this being a scam to snarf
your true identity, so leave off the first hop if you like, or just send in
last four or five hops leading up to Safeweb.
The IP addresses of 64.124.150.130 et seq. is what we are tracking, but note the other Safeweb address in the ping log. So we would like to get any
fresh safeweb addresses in ping logs beyond this range and altogether
different domains:
  64.124.150.130 - 64.124.150.144

@_date: 2001-10-11 15:20:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tracking the RIAA Source 
Thanks to help from a person here we have developed a
likely source for the RIAA meeting messages, and at the
moment it appears likely Safeweb was used to send the messages as well as check on the Cryptome file.
Safeweb appears to dynamically assign addresses to users,
though within a limited range which might be set by the location
of the user, but we are not sure of that. Indeed, if Safeweb
does not cloak location by avoiding a predictable range that
would be a serious weakness. But we need to test that.
Safeweb is, at least in part, hosted by the giant ISP Abovenet,
home-based in San Jose, CA, with facilities all around the
US and overseas. To help us triangulate a likely location
from which the messages were sent we need to log accesses
to Cryptome from a variety of US and overseas locations.
For example I get the same range of addresses as those of the RIAA messages and file accesses by logging in from New York
City to Safeweb.com then using Safeweb to request a Cryptome file. What I don't know is whether those same addresses would
be used from other physical locations around the world.
For anybody who wants to risk giving away their own location
I ask that accesses be made from the Safeweb.com from any location in the world to a fictitious file on Cryptome:
  Replace xxxxxxx with a clue to your location, say, texas, germany,
whereever I could identify.
The request will generate an error code and an originating address
from Safeweb which I can use to compare to what I've got for
the RIAA messages and for NYC. Presumably Safeweb will cloak
your actual IP address.
Let me emphasize that I do not yet believe the source was
perpetrating a hoax, or if so whether the hoax was run to
benefit RIAA which is the current outcome. My intention is not to out the source if the leak is legitimate, but I damn well want to broadcast it if RIAA, its friends or a TLA cooked up the ruse.
Declan has jumped the gun on assigning blame here, apparently
doing little more checking than Tony Smith. But hell that
snotty Net competition at its best: fire, aim, oh, the safety was

@_date: 2001-10-12 11:25:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA Safeweb Ping 
Based some three dozen pings of Safeweb IP address 64.124.150.130
from locations in the US and overseas, all pings conclude with these
5 or 6 hops:
  lga1-lhr3-stm64.lga1.above.net (64.125.31.182)  (New York, NY)
  core2-lga1-oc192.lga2.above.net (208.184.232.198)  (New York, NY)
  main1colo45-core2-oc48.lga2.above.net (216.200.127.174)  (New York, NY)
About half the pings timed out before the last hop at:
  208.184.48.173.safeweb.com (San Jose, CA)
A few hit a "private" address after 208.184.48.173:
  10.100.0.2 (no location)
before ending at:
  64.124.150.130.safeweb.com (San Jose, CA)
The station locations were provided by trace route program
Interpretation is needed for:
1. How much about the Safeweb stations is true and how much cloaking.
2. Why some pings timed out and others didn't.
3. Phantom station 10.100.0.2
4. Whether the San Jose hops actually go to San Jose or are spoofed.
5. Why go to New York then hop across the continent unless the
last hops are just administrative not physical.
6. How is cloaking done on addresses and physical locations
Is cloaking done by a Safeweb program, say by address spoofer or by phantom proxies, or is there a way to do this by special agreement with Network Central (whatever that is), say, as Intel Web and other classified systems covertly use the Web.
Recall that Safeweb was selected for financial support by the
CIA so intel officers could use it to cloak their Net use. And other
programs such as Onion make use of sub-Net features not easily
available to the surface user.
Now, onto news of the RIAA leaker (not yet a proven hoaxer despite
Declan, RIAA and friends hoaxing that).
We received a third message yesterday from the alleged source of the RIAA allegations who was pissed at our attempts to trace
the source. Use of Safeweb was admitted. Angry words were
hurled at us. Allegations were made that parties have been
punished for the leak though not the leaker who fears that
information about the traces could be used for that. Here's
our response:
October 11, 2001
I very much appreciate your concern. I have stated publicly
that I do not yet believe there has been a hoax and that the source of the messages will not be disclosed if the messages can be shown to be legitimate.  Not that I have any hard information
on who you are. And don't need to know who you are so long
as your information is reliable. Hell, it doesn't have to be reliable
just provocative and unsettling.
Right now there is a push on by a host of people to promote that the messages are a hoax, and if they prevail RIAA will be the main beneficiary. And a great story becomes a bore.
It is to head off that win by RIAA, to avoid giving them improved
protection against future abuses as a result of the alleged hoax, that I wish to get from you information that will demonstrate there was no hoax. Again without putting you in jeopardy.
In a tough fight like this RIAA and its supporters will do whatever
they can to smear and deny your revelations. That's the
way it is, so fighting back is the only answer to prevent an
RIAA win by default as result of your valiant effort.
Listen, this very thing happens every time we put up a
controversial document, and your protection is paramount,
but opponents of publication will fight like hell to deny
the truth. But you surely know that. Now is when the
going gets tough. You need to decide how to avoid losing
this battle, losing your reputation and the whole shebang.
I say come forth with proof of the meeting and comments
made, provide it through a secure channel to protect your
identity. But don't let this story die a useless death.
Tony Smith ducked and ran. Not here, the story stays on
Cryptome, along with the story of what happened after
your account was published. Disinformation is as good
as information, maybe better. But if you want to abandon what you started, I'll understand
and wait for the next opportunity to buck the fuckers.

@_date: 2001-10-12 16:53:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax #4 reported in NYC, NBC employee 
No shit. Survey says most doctors and clinics are incapable of
diagnosing Anthrax infection. How long the buggers have been
around cannot be determined. But diagnoses will surely rise
as medical staff gear up for the threat, along with false positives,
alarms, backtracks, and all the learning curve stuff.
Did DefSec Bill Cohen survive his innoculation against Anthrax?
Was it a real shot or a specially protected plane ride to show the
American people courage of their leaders.
If you think you've never been infected with Anthrax take the
high profile test, soon to be available on the street corner.
MSNBC fercrhissakes competing with the supermarket
tabloids, as if hoaxing a Declone.
But don't expect more peephole toilets for lesbos or Ricans to stop pissing on your 5th Avenue rosebeds.

@_date: 2001-10-13 09:40:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA Safeweb Proxy ID 
Thanks to SC:
[SC's IP address replaced by xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx]
I've tuned in late to the riaa/safeweb thing, but I'm chiming in with my bit.
Tracing from safeweb is an interesting exercise; the geography is
very typical of the internet backbone and the router hops packets
I wrote a script to mail all possible headers from a connecting
browser to myself. I installed it on my server
   and then connected from Safeweb. This anonymizer uses a caching proxy server, listening for
connections on several IPs; it preserves client headers while
obviously changing the IP of the originating connection; it preserves
many of the originating headers; it adds some new headers. Here's the output:
DATE_LOCAL..........Saturday, 13-Oct-2001 01:22:45 EDT
HTTP_ACCEPT..........image/gif, image/x-xbitmap, image/jpeg,
image/pjpeg, application/vnd.ms-powerpoint, application/vnd.ms-excel,
application/msword, */*
HTTP_IF_MODIFIED_SINCE..........Sat, 13 Oct 2001 05:15:44 GMT;
DATE_GMT..........Saturday, 13-Oct-2001 05:22:45 GMT
HTTP_USER_AGENT..........Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows
NT 5.0)
HTTP_VIA..........1.0 anongo.com:3128 (Squid/2.3.STABLE3)
The last one in the list is the flavour of proxy they use:
  Squid/2.3.stable3
And the DNS name of the source box for the HTTP request
is anongo.com, which I don't believe showed up in your trace logs. Basically a caching proxy server's header set.
The authoritative name servers for anongo.com are   ns3.above.net
 redirects to Safeweb. The boxes are standard
unix/apache with ssl. They have written scripts to replace the
originating address header and keep track of the connection, receive
requested files to their cache, and then serve from that cache to
your browser.
The machines would absolutely be configured to do sophisticated
logging; there is no free lunch on the net. While they appear to do a
nice job, their server logs would be a goldmine. Everyone who uses a
commercial web browser agrees to have their information gathered the
first time they use that browser - do you want to continue? When you
say yes, you mean it!

@_date: 2001-10-14 15:36:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Safeweb Hotmail Question 
Thanks for much help in tracing the Safeweb/Hotmail thing.
With some covert tools provided by people who I never want
to cross online, we're proceeding in a special ops mode, deploying dirty trick tracking devices to find, corner and cut off the head of our source, or if source is proven a noble
leaker to hide identity as an unannounced success.
Not sure how I got sucked into this ignoble pursuit, but I blame Declan bin Cullagh and the Bush coupers for demanding handover of heros or pay the ultimate price
of dying alive in DC.

@_date: 2001-10-13 14:12:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Safeweb Hotmail Question 
Safeweb principally offers web browsing anonymity.
Our source for the RIAA meeting allegations used a
hotmail address which resolved to a Safeweb IP
address. However, I don't see on Safeweb's site
an anonymizing mail service. Is there such a service
by Safeweb or does it sell an anonymizing e-mail
The source last wrote that "multiple" Safeweb protection
was used to cloak the messages. Is there a way to chain
Hotmail to Safeweb, or some other way to "multiple"
Safeway protection as preamble to Hotmail?
It would be intriguing to learn that the source is
connected to Safeweb itself, or Safeweb's backers.

@_date: 2001-10-13 22:20:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WH = FBI = VP 
That's correct, the trace legend says for both:
  "It is a HTTP server (running AkamaiGHost)."
But why seemingly terminate in Los Angeles? Is that a cloaking device? Usually when a final hop is blocked VisualRoute reports
the block, but not in these cases. Both traces' final two hops:
209.244.10.42 | gigabitethernet6-0.ipcolo1.LosAngeles1.Level3.net | Los
Angeles, CA | 63.215.64.30 |  | [no location shown] |
209.244.10.42 | gigabitethernet6-0.ipcolo1.LosAngeles1.Level3.net | Los
Angeles, CA | 63.215.64.30 |  | [no location shown] |
The final IP address does not appear in a DNS lookup for either of the .gov domains. Whitehouse.gov pulls up the Executive Office of the President, and fbi.gov an FBI information processing Is that Praha CZ, or Praha AR?

@_date: 2001-10-13 21:12:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WH = FBI = VP 
VisualRoute shows that pinging whitehouse.gov produces exactly the same path as pinging fbi.gov, both ending in Los Angeles. Is that where Cheney is holed up in the Getty Combustible Bunker? Sniff the LA impure air, is that La Brea tar or Halliburton grease?
Pinging the WH is will shortly be a terrorist act warns Patriot, so better hurry before the bush hammers john henry.
Anthrac, quack, quack.

@_date: 2001-10-15 00:16:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
For spread of communicable diseases manuals:
ANTHRAX.MIL.                           NS    NS01.ARMY.MIL.
NS01.ARMY.MIL.                         A     140.153.43.44
ANTHRAX.MIL.                           NS    NS02.ARMY.MIL.
NS02.ARMY.MIL.                         A     192.82.113.7
domain:        ANTHRAX.MIL
desc:          USAMISSA-SAT
auth:          MAIL-FROM HOSTMASTER
tech-c:        HOSTMASTER-PER
admin-c:       HOSTMASTER-PER
changed:       hostmaster 20011011
source:        DoDNIC
person:        DoD, Hostmaster address:       7990 Science Applications Court
address:       MS CV-50
phone:         (800) 365-3642
e-mail:        HOSTMASTER
nic-hdl:       HOSTMASTER-PER
changed:       hostmaster 20011010
source:        DoDNIC

@_date: 2001-10-15 17:59:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: RIAA wants to be able to hack "online pirates" 
Declan's most provocative report confirms a point made
on October 8 by the leaker of the alleged RIAA secret meeting, which was not reported by The Register:
Quote: One particularly disturbing fact is that Codex Data System's DIRT software is supposed to be restricted to law enforcement agencies, yet the RIAA, MPAA, and IFPI have all purchased it, and use it routinely to monitor servers which are suspected of infringing content, yet are password protected such as servers which require one to sign up for a password account like hotline servers that have no guest download.

@_date: 2001-10-18 04:19:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Kill Killfile 
The cpunk manditory goal is hyperbole, Declan, newsworthiness, waste not proffering unreasonable restraint else you get Brill-filed. Oops, Br*lled. Headlines are the content misidentified. Watch
the initiation here of subject lines. Use k*ll, win a diss.
Many went to jail of corporate promises of riches, none to gaol, one a daredevil repeat offender, thanks to you and me and Jessica Wahup, and 60 Minutes, and the Fedparsers of fine literature, paper servants, and lop-sided witness list. If the timeservers had been decently ignored none would have gone to the pokey, none would have believed the promises of
riches, but why not when non-jail and the stock market are looking so bleak. All the prime intellects of world-class dissent and fraud are in jail, mostly US federal, and if you're not that tells the
full story of who rats. Gnaw, you say, not me.

@_date: 2001-10-17 23:29:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Kill Killfile 
And another excellent quality of cpunks that does indeed
impress the world of media bloodthirstiness, is the number of its outstanding writers sent to jail, some repeatedly, for cutting edge taunts of illiterate critics, diseased poobahs and for sure, aesthetic cowards who ever try to pump up
their fiction with idiotic pretense of non-fictional earnestness.
Now I know its a grave offense to those with gravitas (spit)
to ridicule their seriousness of purpose and pretentious
judgmentalism, but they pose such easy targets, for all
purposes I can see, beg to be made fun of, display abysmal
ignorance of what they write, cite spurious authorities for
it, remind when it was first, last, and forever written, just
cannot forgo wild swings at fantasms, urge close attention
to their pulp, deliver sweeping statements as if a world
authority, viciously attack untalented writers like themselves,
slather the most shallowly manipulating praise ever
imaginable, and probably lay awake at night dreaming
of triumph, a Nobel Prize or violent heroic death before
This is what I like about cypherpunks and find repugnant
about Cyberia which has produced no jail time for its
members, but more advice on how to avoid it than is good
for humanity. A refuge for intellectural and corporal cowards, Cyberia, among many other lists, is, but in time that will
hopefully change, in particular if I can persuade you and
Declan to go over the line all great writers must do to spend
jail-time among the winners and stop sucking up to losers
who will always remain unimpressed having no judgment
worth writing about.

@_date: 2001-10-17 23:07:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Kill Killfile 
This comes up regularly, Seth, I may have said it myself,
but don't remember, having seen the charge laid here
so often about all sorts of upper IQ interesting people. Tim, ever different than most, never denies it, never affirms it, just keeps writing and raging about what he's good at. Nobody who appreciates the sine curve quality of imaginative
literature on cpunks will be surprised as what comes of this best seller low roader -- which you got to admire, foretells the future better than most, may Minerva protect us, and goose us into amazing flights of fancy to ward off dulling conventional
wisdom, and, as always, Mars-inspired paranoia and rage and petty-minded schemes for making the world worse than
ever before in history, that is, aching for shallow recognition
like you, and the minor deities, wretched bedfellow provocateurs of discredited authority.
Dance the Watusi, drink the blood of patriots and tyrants.

@_date: 2001-10-16 11:49:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Kill Killfile 
Yes, I'm squeamish about the word k*lling due to that USA USA thing, the citizen k*lling Act and the official-patriotic k*llings raging overseas and vengeful biowar retribution starting at K*lling mobs k*ll for insane reasons. So I'm doing my best not to offend itchy fingers unnecessarily, especially not yours Tim. Trash talk their beliefs, sure, but not at a time when murder is officially sanctioned and payback passion arising.
Sir, I say, to those who yearn to k*ll.

@_date: 2001-10-16 03:03:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kill Killfile 
Any message with the word kill in it needs killfiling.
Sir, USA, USA.

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:18:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Martial law supposedly implemented in the US 
Ratchet indeed. Declan posted elsewhere a blurb from
a law journal which links the recent wahoo of a federal
prosecutor in the Western District of Washington to Carl
Johnson and "Assassination Politics." The article
cited three sources on the DoJ web site, two of which
do indeed allege CJ's implementation of AP, if not
directly then by god by wahooing, as does the law
journal. WWA is a hothouse for homeland wahoo.
Jessica Stern, a Harvard wahoo expert, who has
extensively interviewed Jim Bell but was never called
as a witness in his recent trial, is now disclosing to
inquiring journalists the contents of her interviews with homeland wahoos. Expect Jim, AP, CJ and
a few others to get ratcheted right smartly to meet
fervent demand for wahoo incrimination.
If you haven't euthanized everything you've got on
wahoo, think about it.

@_date: 2001-10-16 16:09:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Comints Saudi Pigs 
Sy Hersh's report on NSA echeloning Royal Saudi pigs:

@_date: 2001-10-17 18:29:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems 
I believe this report refers to FBI guidelines being worked out with telecommunication carriers described in here:
  Original date of compliance with these guidelines was
September 24, 2001, but the FCC granted an extension
to a time to be set for each service provider in consultation with the FBI. That FCC order is with the the file above.
This should not diminish the fact that Stewart Baker is
a lying son of a bitch about why his clients came to him,
in accord with best legal ethics, and which has got him
featured on the citizen wahoo watch list. Mitch Kapor, I dunno, he's not on the citizen list but maybe the TLA's wahoo list.
Getting wahooed to gain entrance to inner circles is fun
stuff until it dawns there's no exit from being watched very carefully for betrayal except by extreme wahoo. Baker is one of the messengers about this intended Oversight committees have learned to live with this
official terrorism as Bruce recommends for all us
based on his experience.
Exception to the rule: Whit Diffie.

@_date: 2001-10-22 11:04:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
Cypherpunks generously accommodates a lot of viewpoints and is not limited to laissez-faire capitalism, nor, as far as the
archives show, any particular political/social/economic world
view other than a polite, wordy, dissent against authority.
It is a forum where a diverse range of possibilities are expressed,
exhorted, denied, ridiculed, misrepresented, lied about, screamed
murder in favor of, plonked, anonymized, and bone-headededly
edventured. Narcissism happily rules, not laissez-faire, a minor
Now and then a cpunk ever so slightly hints that a tiny change of
mind, or a thoughtful consideration of another viewpoint, are in
the offing. But that openmindedness is rare, not only on cpunks,
which after all is not terribly different from reality in which denial of other realities is exactly what pleasures.
With respect for Tim's right to say what he likes, I doubt anybody here needs killing, except, in the rhetorical reality of this poly-lingual forum. Shouting about killing, well, my experience is that stone cold killers never tell you what they are going to do to you. The silent
ones are scary, not the shakespeares who generously entertain,
educate, edventure with imaginary tales of what if.

@_date: 2001-10-23 17:50:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ on Safety Before Liberty 
Continuing to beat the drum, today's Wall Street Journal
offers two essays on how much liberty to give up for safety.
One, an Op-Ed by a historian, recounts how in the past the United States Presidents have imposed draconian wartime draconian security measures and trashed civil liberties far
more than anything currently contemplated, naming Adams, Lincoln, Franklin Roosevelt, among others. But claims that after the crises passed civil liberties were restored "stronger than ever." So fear not what is in the offing.
The second, by a WSJ columnist, argues that enough is
too much, that the Bush Administration halt curtailment
of civil liberties, and that the sunset provisions of current anti-terrorism proposals are a good thing. These wafflings are diabolical apologies for what Bush
coupers are up to, offerings of amelioration to disarm
critics. Woolsey, Stew Baker, Bork, the WSJ, the host of oilers
and greasers of anti-terrorist power grabbing through crisis-mongering need -- how to say it in safety without
sacrificing liberty -- need typhoid mary cigarring, oops, need fifi's homestead featherdusting.

@_date: 2001-10-24 16:13:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_MATT_DRUDGE_//_DRUDGE_REPORT_2001=AE?= 
Hillary was in good company: Richard Gere got booed for
suggesting tolerance not vengeance, and the NYC Fire Commissioner got booed the loudest by firemen for being
a publicity whore and Guiliani flunkey who has been trying
for years to cut back on firefighting services under Rudy's
orders. The Fire Commish is the one who agreed with
the Port Authority to lock the roof doors of the Twin Towers
to prevent access by suiciders and antenna thieves, and
lately hot-footing hamburgers.
Two hovering police choppers waited for people to come
to the roof, rescue hoists ready, but none made it past the locked doors -- a couple of the doorbangers cellphoned home to scream bloody murder.
The Fire Department's response: the point is moot, time
to move on to the future, recalling the exculpation of the Holocaust IBM Excuser-Investors.
This is not to say that fist fights between NYC police
and firemen at disaster sites over who is the bravest
in union negotiations is not to be cheered. Rudy alternates
caps emblazoned with NYFD and NYPD until contract
renewal time then he hops to W$.

@_date: 2001-10-24 23:19:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Where the torture never stops.. 
This is a worthy topic for those who may soon be in the
position of the detainees.
Some accounts say that a fair number of the detainees are
in NYC. If that is so, then prisoner treatment is quite harsh,
not only by the guards but by magistrates and the US Attorney's
Defense attorneys are kept on a very, very short lease despite
complaints of unfair treatment of their clients and themselves.
These procedures were described in exquisite detail during
the USA v. bin Laden et al trial earlier this year:
  Use the search on Cryptome to find the transcripts describing
the comb attack.
The harsh treatment appears to have been the cause of one
prisoner attacking a guard (reputedly a soft-heart) with a sharpened comb, blinding the man in both eyes and causing permanent brain damage. The treatment then got worse, and likely continues for new detainees.
In the case of the deceased Pakistani in New Jersey's Hudson
County jail: that pen is well-known for its brutal treatment of
non-Mafia prisoners, especially if they are colored any shade other than vomit, and the Paki may have been taken out by the
guards and or other prisoners in patriotic fervor, or just as a result of the usual racist sadism.
Most federal, state and city jail guards hereabouts are about the same quality as airport security personnel, and get their kicks abusing prisoners, lying about it, and getting winked at
by judges and prosecutors. 24 x 7 tapes regularly disappear
in case of an incident.
If airport security is federalized watch your carass even more
than before terrorism became an excuse for suicide by cop.

@_date: 2001-10-25 22:12:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
Come on Onin, watch the numbers skyrocket after
Bush signs off on Ashcroft's wet dream. The US
has the most bloated "justice" industry in the world,
far bigger than any in history, and the spate of bills
appearing will fatten these pigs beyond anything
seen in the commie and fascist regimes. We are
seeing the militarization of the US homeland, following
the coup-pattern of a huge number of dipshit nations in
Latin America, Asia, Africa and dots in the oceans
which the US has armed and trained to attack the
Don't forget the US Joint Chiefs of Staff in the late 60s
was studying murdering US citizens, and blaming it on the Cubans, to justify an attack on Castro. Would today's
war criminals cook up a bin Laden version of Castrao? Yeah, they would if their economic interests were Watch for increasing provocations at home and overseas.
Step by step ratcheting up the national security threat,
as Tim and others have predicted. With economic threats
being the glue that holds it together. The economic stimulus
package just passed is the clue to broadening participation
in the coup, again the same way corporations were enlisted to,
and in some case led, overthrow of legitimate governments all around the globe.
Watch for Americans who protest begin to disappear, in jail
and on the streets.
Watch for tales of torture to be leaked to scare the shit out
of those who think defending civil liberties carries no risk.
Will officials be shot in retaliation for official torture, rape and murder? Well, that's the Latin American model, and look who trained for that grim policy, what was it called, School of the Americas.
Watch for Kissinger to advocate anti-terrorism mayhem so he won't be tried as a war criminal.
Watch for Israel to leak more NSA intercepts of Arab
leaders through Seymour Hersh.
Watch for Woolsey to admit that spying on Amercians
by the intelligence agencies never stopped after the
Church Committee hearings, it just went blacker.
Watch the intelligence oversight committees get
investigated for negligence, excused by the anti-terrorism
fervor, then even deeper domestic spying be covertly authorized cloaked by the Ashcroft kind.
Watch for the intelligence agencies doing wet work at home,
with leaks of the deeds to sow fear, suspicion of neighbors and obedience.
Watch Disney's theme parks, Malls of America, be sacrificed to boost the hysteria, intelligence leads on the coming
slaughter deliberately withheld in the Franklin Roosevelt
The US has trained two generations of Americans to do
all these things covertly and overtly, invested a big hunk
of the nation's wealth in a bloated military and intelligence
and justice regime and supporting industry providing lifelong employment for hundreds of thousands and
return on investments for ten times that. Will such a
vast, lucrative enterprise not do whatever it could to
perpetuate its existence by finding an endless supply
of enemies, most home grown for that very purpose?
The only question is are you part of it, and who here
does not benefit from this vile racket? If you have been
to college you are a beneficiary, if you are successful
you are a beneficiary, if you are not in jail you are
a beneficiary.
Excuse me for digging my foxhole deeper.

@_date: 2001-10-27 14:13:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tracking Spores 
What better way to carry spores in the US's strongest
fortress, Cheyenne Mountain Operations Center, than
by way of the President seeking protection from a September 11 threat? When told of the WTC attacks
was he not visiting the region of the first spore attacks?
Prior to 911 CMOC regularly conducted tours of the
facility which it recounts on its Web site:
  What better way to spread spores throughout DC's
most secure facilities than to use members of Congress and staff as vectors, not just the Capitol but the refuges
set aside for wartime use?
To be sure, all those who have fled spore threats have
likely served as vectors, as in the past did asbestos workers and animal hide handlers who took the contaminants home
with them.
The WSJ reported yesterday on the Anthrax Capital of
North America, a tri-county area in southern Texas where
cutaneous anthrax infections are common. The soil of
the region is claimed to be the richest source of anthrax
in the country. Locals have no fear of the spores, antidotes
are sold in cattle feed stores.
This is not to suggest that the People's Republic of Texas is out to get its Connecticut carpetingbagging cowpoke for messing with the dirt-rich downhomeland.
South Texas, for those who never studied our homegrown
stone-age, is right there with Afghanistan in deviousness, monomania, religious fundamentalism, treachery, animal
copulation, lying, infecting Yankees, abusing immigrants,
and sending one-nation-only-Texas-Texans up north to prey on people who believe they are superior for losing
the war of 1845.
Choate, and me, will never forget the insults, you miserable
sonsabitches, breath deep and die.

@_date: 2001-10-28 03:15:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: JOHN EDWARD 
The begrieved are actors. It's only entertainment.
Penn and Teller, too. And thou also, have you not
so hammed it up here often and to be sure in film. Are ye not soap acting verily in this exchange. I grieve for you. Deeply. You adorable con artist cum magician.
What's the real skinny on Rush's going deaf?
This is not a trick question. Why capitals for

@_date: 2001-10-28 01:59:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: JOHN EDWARD 
Wait, Sandy, John Edward does sci-fi comedy. Like Penn and Teller catching bullets with teeth, David Caine levitating.
Dr. Spin on Fox, Dr. Germ in Iraq.
It's reality TV, like Dan and Tom and The Intelligent One.
Fukrisakes all is Sci Fi. Call them and bitch, or send funny
mail. Join in the tomfoolery, isn't that what Penn and Teller dare us.
You think they not an investor in Edward's magic?
I see you and raise.

@_date: 2001-10-28 18:58:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Now we know why those 1000 are being held in NYC 
Don't be alarmed if it turns out the 1,000 being held in NYC are
hostages of US Attorney Mary Jo White and the New York
office of the FBI. The two offices are pissed that Ashcroft is
trying to take over the long-lived terrorism investigation without
properly rewarding those who have been running it. Some of
the New York attorneys and investigators have been reassigned
to DC but don't like the way they are being treated -- no doubt
in part due to different party affiliations, but more likely because
the Bush newcomers don't want to be condescended to by the New Yorkers who hate DC, its crud food, people and gossip.
New York and DC, Justice and FBI, have been at it for decades,
and this long-running vendetta is what underlies several
espionage cases, including Hansen's, but not only his. DC
sends people up to New York to counterspy on the operations, but they either get coopted or if uncooperative get fucked by being set up to take a fall. Various countries like Russia help out their New York buddies in screwing the competition. And
the reverse happens in DC to New Yorkers who are sucked
into that cesspool.
When the Soviets in New York battled the Soviets in DC,
both using their USG resources, and the USG doing the
same, it was war beyond ordinary counterintelligence comprehension. These battles have been going on since
the 1930s, and were set in motion by Hoover and his
Soviet counterpart. Then became institutionalized
featherbedding outdistancing DC's, if you can believe
The CIA got ensnared in these deep seated treacheries
when it came along in 1947, as have most other of the intel
agencies, many of which share offices in New York, but
are widely spaced in DC, all attempting to get as far away
from toxic FBI HQ as possible.
There's a USG-mafia in New York that is far more complex than the organized crime kind, though there is cooperation with
those birds of a feather too. You can see representatives of
all these cozy groups sometimes lunching together up in Sylvia's
in Harlem, strolling over from a not well camouflaged satellite
suite of offices housed above the studio where a world-famous
cooking show is videoed. (We did a job across the street for a church one of whose deacon's owns the building and who happily bragged of his steady-rent tenants -- not that the neighborhood kids had not already scrawled their acronyms on the building, again and again, and their bros got paid to
repeatedly repaint.) The gaggle of antennas the agencies use there nicely fit in
among the TV antennas of the cooking show. The feds and
the actors on the TV shows share a cafeteria and it's damn hard
to spot who's who except for the Russians and Mobsters who
are dapper dans who tap fists like the locals and boogie at the dames who spic-call them piquito cujones. This is classified so shut your suckupper or your computers will anchor you to the toxic bottom.

@_date: 2001-10-30 00:04:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Singing The War Prayer 
Covert operators are most often detected by their body odor,
Americans have a most distinctive odor when anxious, frightened
or on pep pills issued for special ops. Native fighters operate
in the dark with acoustic reverbs and smell. Camouflage paint
is a dead giveaway, as are laundry and body soap, shampoo,
shaving lather, bug spray, weapons lubricant, food, no scent
deodorant, mouth odor. No machine detectors need to pick
these up, just a body which has no acquaintance with them.
Now the same is true of native warfighters if you calibrate
your ears and nose to pick the sound and scent, and your
own exhumations don't drown on the signal.
The 935,000 meals being dropped by the US will do just
fine to camouflage the Afghans from hunting canines and
other seeker animals used by special ops. Unless the smear
is used to track the hunters.
In Nam the heavyweight Americans could be singled out
by the impact of their booted feet compared to the half-weight
natives barefoot or in sandals. Ear to the ground like the Amerindians detected oncoming calvary from miles away. The long waves carried superbly underground as technologies later discovered for covert interceptions of crosstalk.
Hollywood Haq may have been detected by his use of US
cosmetics and shitting American food, smoking Winstons,
and whatever infidel brands he fell in love with.

@_date: 2001-10-31 04:32:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NOTAM:  GA prohibited w/in 10 miles of nuke plants 
Sure. Don't go for the hard-headed containment structure,
knock out the soft-shelled control facility which regulates
cooling pumps. The reactor will do the rest just as effectively
as planes weakened the towers so they would self-destruct.
It is truely strange that the Pentagon was hit rather than
the soft-shells downtown. Probably a feint or a blunder
by a pilot nearly insane.
Nuclear power plants are likely a feint as well, with so
many soft-shells ready to eat -- refineries, airports,
seaports, suspension bridges, most domestic military
bases, universities, national labs, mega-malls, on and
on, look around you where all the gov-terrified people bunch for safety in numbers.
The experts here predict a mid-West target just to freak
the true interior homeland which everyone believes they
can retreat to. Draw a half dozen vectors connecting
the publicized targets and see where they intersect.
That point won't be far from Cheyenne Mountain, not the
hardened bunker but its vulnerable support system -- most of which remains identifiable on the Net because it is not military or government, you know, the collaterals.

@_date: 2001-10-31 17:34:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: FBI MAS 
No, we still abide the ground rules here, nobody is forbidden,
not TLAs not the commies not the loonies not the ethnics
not the school of americans and the iras and jihadists, all mars' angels get to eat the poison pills, except mindless bots which gobble bandwidth totally resistant to pesticide, and by that I mean a lot of bandwidth; medium sized waste is okay, as here at heavens gate.
But should emphasize the logs are immediately history
by promissory to readers once we axe bots, and even that is done only now and then. Every week or so we
lift all blocks in beatific amnesty of our glorious future leaders-bots. They retaliate immediately for our groveling
by taking over for an hour or two then move on to the terrorize the White House, the New York Times, Vatican, Forbidden City, US Military, overpowering the dying reputables' comfy obnox with rogue viral obnox.

@_date: 2001-10-31 15:05:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: FBI MAS 
Don't know for sure, several recent ones are listed on
the home page. Older ones, and the covert, are not easily
found, but I see a hit from them now and then or a bit
gulp of update.
A few machines come every day to get the latest contents
but no files. I assume those are distributed within networks
or archived or added to the evidence pile. One of MPAA's
law firms does that, and the old loyal customer, NSA
at ncsc.mil. And EOP, DoJ, the Senate, US Courts, jeez, don't these folks have surf through SafeWeb or do they not
trust the spy of spies. (Hilarious that SafeWeb was picked
to help dissident Chinese outreach -- right into the CIA's
CIA has appeared daily since 911. That's ucia.gov.
That's why the FBI siphon was interesting, seldom do we
see the FBI use an address easily traceable to the agency.
It's interesting to speculate on who are the new, young, compwizzes and hackers hired by the TLAs, if they feel imprisoned or empowered, if they surf at work to send pleas for rescue via ID'd boxes. Could be reconnaissance by fire, sending a FNG into the sniper's sight, building logs of logs like poisoned packrat jg here.
Mothermary, there's nothing like logs to boost paranoia, and depression that nobody gives a FF except rampaging
bots endlessly shredding your shaggers and OBB.

@_date: 2001-10-31 12:00:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI MAS 
Anybody have information about this FBI operation,
which siphoned about 1/5 of Cryptome this AM:
        IP address: 65.207.53.168
        MAS (NETBLK-UU-65-207-53)
        935 Pennsylvania Ave NW
        Washington, DC 20535
        US
        Netname: UU-65-207-53
        Netblock: 65.207.53.0 - 65.207.53.255
        Coordinator:
           Dastur, Brian  (BD680-ARIN)  bdastur
           202-324-6124
        Record last updated on 17-Aug-2001.
        Database last updated on 31-Oct-2001 02:58:21 EDT.
The siphon drained the site non-stop from 4:01 AM to 4:23 AM EST.

@_date: 2001-11-24 14:37:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Biowar in CT and NY 
The operator of Plum Island Animal Disease Center,
LB&B Associates, is a facilities manager firm which has
contracts with the USG for numerous operations around
the nation. In addition to the Plumb Island facility, it operates an unidentified federal facility in Trenton, NJ, the reported origin of several of the anthrax letters.
It holds government contracts for "hot" facilities for viral research, claiming extensive experience with up to Level 3 facilities and is under consideration as operator of Plum Island's
upgrade to Level 4 for research on human-animal viruses.
A Plum Island job ad says "many employees live in Connecticut and take the ferry from New London to Orient Point, NY" from which a Center boat goes to the island. The most recent anthrax death occurred a few miles from New London, CT.
The firm as had several labor relations problems such as
employee suits and unionization squabbles. It is fiercely
anti-union according to one report. Another report claims
it has continuing labor problems which has led to being
downgraded in government bids.
The firm also produces virtual military training programs
in urban warfare and aircraft operation. It received a lot of
press coverage for adopting and adapting Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Rogue Spear game engine for military training The firm also operates military helicopter facilities and
services the aircraft.
LB&B stands for Lily Brandon and Brandon, the founder and
a relative.

@_date: 2001-11-23 17:43:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Denning on Denning's Geo-crypto 
We don't have anything yet we are giving out to the public, but no, it isn't related to the CoinCard (which I hadn't even heard of).

@_date: 2001-11-12 16:24:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Plane crash in NYC 
This may be on national but the local ABC station is showing raw footage of the plane and engine crash sites, fairly close up, right by the fallen engine, and within a few yards of the plane. There are relatively large portions of the plane which seems
to indicate a slower speed hit. The fire at the engine is out, but the plane and surrounding building fires continue. A mix of firemen, police and citizens battling the blaze.
A few young men running into the fire along a street of
houses for unknown reasons, but may be heading for home or known area locations. Running right into and
through the flames. These are wood fires of houses
and trees not fuel, which explains the whitish smoke.

@_date: 2001-11-05 19:02:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: FW: Damn ! I wish I'd though ot fhis myself 
Now, now, check your prejudice. So far there is no proof the Taliban
had much to do with 911, nor bin Laden, nor the so-called 19 attackers.
All we have so far is a niagara of news stories, most of them pulp
Whatever investigations eventually turn up it won't be what we
are ravenously consuming today, as news, as bombing targets.
Most parties around the world are waving their prejudices in lieu of genuine knowledge of what led to the attack, who did, who is still
planning more, what will be the weapons, what the guilty parties
of offense and defense knew and when they knew it, and what
part the frenzy about Condit and Shandra and the presidential
election had to do with diverting attention, breeding envy, and numbing critical abilities.
I figure a year from now none of the current suspects of offense
and defense will be remembered after we are instructed in
another way of being perfectly superficially prejudicial. Skin-tight
shaved bodied, or their product replacements.

@_date: 2001-11-05 18:22:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: *ill, *ill, *ill 
Seems to me that having people in public places armed with
weapons is wonderful. Mostly hand stuff so far, but there were
a few heavy MGs around Lower Manhattan for a brief period
after D-Day. RPG launchers and backpacks filled with reloads
is darned exciting compared to the usually attention getting
couture. You see this good stuff in photos of foreign lands
but seldom here at home where most of it manufactured
but not worn around the neighborhood and at work and play.
Well, sure gun shows show piddly fashion ornaments, but
not the heavy killers. And air shows of WMDs are widely
spaced, the best overseas. More needed at home, mix
the warplanes with the airliners, good for protection and
exciting for passengers and top guns alike.
We get very sexy carrier fighters overhead producing hand
pumps of drugged-carzed adorables, and even kids unhooked
of Ritalin happily play at Stingering Army copters racing up the Hudson shuttling arm-chair generalas to and from West Point to the day's battleground at the television networks.
Militarizing the United States at home finals brings into the
open what has been going on in the national security closet
since Pearl Harbor, the original world's greatest work of art.
Do not indelicately use the F-word to describe this phenom,
just dress up and enjoy flaunting your best and meanest
attitude. Hate takes less muscle than love and a lot more expensively
wasteful and cowardly armaments.
*ill, *ill, *ill! It's so 7th Avenue. Not at all fascist, except like a
darling *itler couture wind-up-doll.

@_date: 2001-11-03 15:16:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Basque Code Talkers 
From Intel Forum mail list:
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am a PhD student at the Center for Basque Studies, University of
Nevada,Reno. At the moment I am researching the participation of
Basque-Americans in WWII and The Korean War. In particular, I am interested in the so-called Basque code-talkers or the use of the Basque language in intelligence/communication services (Signal Corps Unit, since 1942, in San Diego or San Francisco communication centers during the Pacific Campaign).
Also, I am interested in contacting WWII or The Korean War veterans or
relatives, which could have been involved in the aforementioned service.
I have not found any substantial information on the matter and that is the
reason I am contacting you.
I would appreciate if you could help me in the research -- through the
publication of this notice in your website and/or newsletter, if possible
Thank you,
Yours sincerely,
Pedro J. Oiarzabal
Center for Basque Studies
University of Nevada, Reno
NV 89557
Intelligence Forum ( is sponsored by Intelligence
and National Security, a Frank Cass journal

@_date: 2001-11-03 02:21:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Under Attack 
The Boston Globe had a story on October 27 about
NSA refusing to share comint on US persons with other
federal agencies, destroying the data upon its lawyers'
advice sooner than usual in the face of anti-terrorism pressure. (URL may wrap)
If true, it's a big plus for NSA for complying with the law
when others are rushing to bend, break and revise it.
Some assholes are calling for unleashing NSA from
its Church Committee restrictions, but a few sane
people are saying, no, no domestic spying, we don't
want to go through that again. To be sure, the story could be a cover for ignoring the

@_date: 2001-11-04 12:33:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
Luthor, for the children's sake, come into the present: PLONK is ancient rune of 'thanderals vapiding gas.
Hmm, like Luthor Blisset, hoary collectivist nym, which is not
to say all reds are dead just fomenting CDC misses.

@_date: 2001-11-04 12:22:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
As did the 'Atta Boys.'
This 'Blanc' is now in the databank of crowing terrorists, and will be
reluctantly quoted in the next national high alert. Deceiving the homeland
guardians is treason.
So the whole thread was entrapment, starting with Declan the arch
bait setting cause traitor. What do you expect of 1A in these days except ensnaring dumb fundamentalists.
The moles and sleepers fingering the all too constitutional credulous.
Home Schooling of the Americas.
Take a moment to not cc me your calling attention to your deathwish
by bragging your guerilla smarts.

@_date: 2001-11-07 16:00:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: URL for William Cooper death story 
This raises the question of what kind of ruses might be used
on others to get them to come out of their fortresses or undo the
security system. Here are some that have worked with mafia, terrorists, embezzlers, serial killers, war criminals, dissidents:
1. An interview with a high-profile person or forum. (And sex.)
2. Secret meeting with long-trusted comrade(s). (And sex.)
3. Foray to repair power, water, communication systems. (And sex.)
4. Haircut and massage. (And sex.)
5. Narcotics and/or liquor. (And sex.)
6. Arms replenishment. (And sex.)
7. A wedding of a beloved friend or relative. (And sex.)
8. Medical treatment. (And porno resupply and viagara.)
9. As last resort Mercopan under the door. (Then back to
horny hole-up.)
All these are used in war time to lure soldiers to their doom
Moles and snipers are especially prone.

@_date: 2001-11-09 11:57:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: America the Damned 
This is not true, but a shrewd mistatement often used by law enforcement
and rats out to cover their asses to please unknown authorities. Robb London, Jeff Gordon, the lady from Waco and USG-friendly witnesses have repeatedly made such mistatements. A fair number of subscribers here have made such mistatements here and at the Bell and CJ trials.
What the mistatements disclose are attitudes and beliefs which lead to
those famous eye-witness reports which seem unshakeably true until
shown to be false by careful examination of the state of mind of the
witness, and confrontation of the witness with alternative evidence.
Now people do get sent to prison and executed on the basis of unture
witness and expert testimonry, so these mistatements are not forgiveable,
nor unpunishable, unless they are made from behind a protective
shield, which most are, initially, and then, lo, the shield disappears
when the distortion is no longer useful. So watch your assertions
Nomen, for false accusations are mean sons of bitches that turn on you.
You know I mean verbal retribution, don't you? When your anonymity
disappears, which it has in case you've not noticed.
This is not true, but a willful mistatement. Tim May is a fine writer and
thinker and exhorter. Your accusations fit many others on and off the Web
but not Tim May. However, I expect you will be willing to testify, or have
already testified, that what you fanatisize is true. This has been
here several times by others less able than Tim May.
Nomen, there are many Tim Mays. Read the fucking archives to see who's
driving you into the arms of the enemy. The enemy is not who you think
either, for there are Tim Mays there you wouldn't believe.
Lower your prejudice, jaundice and cowardice. Pay attention to discussions here and provoke violent behavior. Prepare for long-time in jail or a taste of
the needle. Then you'll be believable and not a yellow-bellied finger
pointin reporter of false facts to boost your career.
All this is said to divert attention away from me and my unassailable
protective cloak.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-11-12 15:41:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Plane crash in NYC 
Local reports of eyewitnesses say an engine came off first,
and landed separately from the plane. The plane came in
"flat," not nosediving, thus perhaps somewhat under the pilot's control. Plane was zigzagging before it crashed.
The A300 can be landed without power, thus stable with
both engines gone. The engine that came off could have
caused destablization.
No evidence of an attack. However, terrorist games often
include scenarios of an ground to air attack on planes
leaving Kennedy as they pass over the lightly populated
areas of Queens (a lot of open water and marshlands).
No eyewitness accounts of missile tracks. One witness
of the engine falling said he heard no explosion beforehand.
Another said the sound of the plane was unusual, more
like a jet fighter than an airliner. Jet fighters are on regular
patrol around the city and NY airports.
As reported, bridges and tunnels closed, except some outbound traffic allowed. Phones here are jammed.

@_date: 2001-11-12 20:01:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: mapping in the sierras and places west 
Aren't these kind of rigs used to survey, triangulate and record
large numbers of ground-based transceivers?
If so, they are similar to rigs which do geological surveys
with packs of machines you can see traversing likely oil
reserves. Odd looking, six or so trucks, bumper to bumper,
running 50 yards or so, pausing, an almost inaudible hammering on the ground, then rushing ahead to the
next stop. Logs of these soundings are reportedly
transmitted directly to home base, encrypted, so the
trucks cannot be hijacked or intercepted by competitors.
So the wishful thinking goes.
In the case of aerial surveys of radio frequencies, it is
possible to spoof signals by tucking the genuine in amongst
"static." But successful evasion depends on the snoopers
not have quick-witted algorithms to snatch the static,
even if it's burst transceivals, and make sense of it.
If you encrypt the sneaky signal you're dead meat.
Again, learning from the oil patch pirates, you can lay off
over the horizon and grab the sounding data by reading
the ground signal in the clear not the encrypted air data. But beware of chaff sent out by the trucks to thwart that such angle snooping.
Some packs of trucks are reconnaissance by fire.
As are some of the aerial surveys, which invite
tracking of the overt apparatus to snatch the pirates'
interceptions by way of reverse engineering the
snoop with an array so large you wouldn't know it
was there unless you had an antenna capable of
reading it. Some locate components of the
secondary receiver city-wide, or maybe wider.
Some radio engineers think the mobile phone system
transceivers are used for that very, very wide array purpose tucked dual-use below the consumer usage.
Would mobile phones also serve as unwitting contributors to a large area transceiver? Sophicticated geological sensors can certainly get pretty good readings from heavy traffic
on the interstate, and it gets better as the highways
deteriorate. Concrete expansion joints are wondrous

@_date: 2001-11-14 22:53:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: The killing of Bill Cooper and Liquid Metal Embrittlement 
How would the LME work on the interior structure of the plane?
The skin has little structural strength but does streamline the
structure and I suppose if it was weakened to peel away,
turbulence could shear structural bolts or welds. The tail section
of 587 appeared to be cleanly detached from the fuselage and
not obviously torn.
Vibration of the tail could have loosened or fractured bolts or welds
sufficiently to break away under the forces of take-off and/or
turbulence from the preceding 747.
Still, if the tail was subject to vibration that would have made its
attachments a likely assembly to check frequently.
Several recent FAA airworthiness directives for the A300 listed problems needing attention but nothing on the tail assembly.
Which doesn't mean squat necessarily, since expected accidents usually don't happen.
However, because tails seldom come loose, I understand, if an
attacker wanted to do the unexpected on a part little suspected
of failure, the tail connection would be a good target. One pilot
was quoted as saying no better failure could have been arranged to assure disaster. That is, loss of tail is not in featured
the emergency recovery manual -- at least in civilian aircraft.
I believe loss of tail is included in military emergency planning
due to their being good vertical targets for missiles, shells and
shrapnel. Some military tails are oversized for the plane to
survive loss of a good portion of the tail (although not likely
for entire tail loss except for two-tailed craft).

@_date: 2001-11-17 17:51:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: "Rigorous and objective" (if at first...) 
If you're over 30-35 all your best stuff was done in the old
days. After that age you may think you're capable of good
work but that's just the voice of experience taking the place
of genuine challenge when you have to solve problems
to survive rather than steal from youngsters and call it
your own or worse, claim it was stolen from you. The older you get the more you succumb to the narcotic
of experience, and you really think you a smart son of a bitch rather than a nodding dopehead dreaming of
the glory days.
But nothing narcotizes like success except having
no need to deal with the unexpected. That's why loners
and hermits have it right, hate the world, shut out
all attempts to socialize, concoct deeply satisfying
explanations for why the solitary lifestyle is a winner
rather than a loser.
Attack anybody who disturbs your fantasy. Avoid
mirrors, families, any reminder of what you used to
be before climbing up into your dark hole of
This is a voice of experience screaming at you
the truth you dumb motherfucker, you, you, newbie.
Newbies scare the shit of of oldies, seeing in them
certain disrespect, ridicule, erasure. Even when
newbies try their damnest to learn from the oldies
the venerable farts can't bear to be used as
stepping stones -- as if they never did that, and
are not now robbing the newbies under guise of
disdaining them.
Best thing about cpunks is nobody is over 30-35.
Most way healthier than that or wisely pretend to
Meanwhile the Net geezers are agoing sclerotic
heading boards and advisory panels, doing nothing
challenging, burnishing each others' reputations,
fencing what they thieve from students and prowling
the Net for easy pickings.
Mostly, though, checking on the times their names
are cited. Boosting that with neat tools purpose-built
for backdating and touching up wild-age rants into golden-age nuggets.

@_date: 2001-11-20 16:09:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The bookburning begins... 
The LA Times report makes fair points but much of the
information being removed from selected repositories is
available elsewhere, as previously discussed here. An example is the removal of info on dams and reservoirs. That is widely available elsewhere, as shown on Google. In particular the Web site of the US Bureau of Reclamation ( still provides extensive, detailed info on dams and reservoirs west of the Mississippi: regional and local locational maps, type of dam and construction, capacity of reservoir, photos and so on.
Information on nuclear plants, pipelines, infrastructure
is still available at government and industry sites. Some of
this is better than government resources.
The peculiar decision of the Federation of American Scientists
to withdraw files in the national interest has been widely
cited. And perhaps the info was indeed potentially lethal.
But it is also possible that withdrawals are being made for
disinformational and propaganda reasons as always done
in times of national emergencies.
There is a frenzy of release of disinformation by western
governments to reputable media outlets, nearly always without
supporting documentation for readers to independently decide
on its truthfulness. Instead, reputations of the media are being
used to burnish the disinfo, and, wow, are these media egos
delighted at playing the wargame with the Serious and Important People. Woodward and Hersh in the US, and a bevy of natsec
luminaries in the UK, are falling all over themselves at putting
out unsupported disinfo fed to them by their governments
and agents of governments.
The charade of the abandoned Al Qaeda documents, the bin
Laden video leaked to The Telegraph, the panic-inducing
disclosures to Woodward, Hersh, Loeb, Gertz, the DoD
calls for terrorism-fighting technologies, Ashforth's
repeated claims of imminent domestic attack, what more
could be done to alarm the populace of the leading nations
needing a big boost for their corrupt intelligence and military
industries? Who better to drive that panic than the complicit
media industries -- news, television, movies, religion, the
stock market.
Declaring information too valuable to be allowed public access
is a continuation of the secrecy industry by other means.
Reporters need not document their reports, just proclaim
the planted documents are bona fide, believe or die, as the
preachers of all faiths scare their flocks.
Thank Minerva none of the cpunk preachers spew that reputation capital shit.

@_date: 2001-11-21 21:42:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? 
Since not many gun shows are held in Manhattan we don't
expect to get a chance to buy one of Tobiason's CDs for academic purposes. We offer to purchase a copy of a copy, or an original, for say, up to $100 including S&H.
Send to:
John Young
251 West 89th Street
New York, NY 10024
If you want to be paid beforehand let me know how to do
One of the academic purposes is to see how much of the information
on the CD is available elsewhere on the Net just in case the Net is being set up to take the Hit along with public libraries and avid
defenders of the Constitution.
As far as I know the CD is not yet illegal in New York State
or City. Libraries and C-defenders are nervous.

@_date: 2001-11-22 16:39:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Denning's Geo-crypto 
Google shows one "geo-encryption" patented by CoinCard,
which may or may not be a component of Denning's geo-crypto.
Because CoinCard is a Canadian company, its geo-encryption
may have nothing to do with Denning's.
CoinCard uses a system composed of a swipe card and passive card reader to decrypt, described in a programmers' manual:
  It looks as though these readers could be rigged for GPS transceiving to assure that encrypted data was physically located where intended by the sender, and/or the recipient's card could be programmed to be read only by that card reader.
Is this a novel system? How to spoof GPS location? Can
bin Laden be in several caves around the world each equipped
with a personal-ID GPS passive transceiver? Do caves
serve as acoustic resonators to emit recorded whispers up ventilating shafts?
What underling was wearing Rumfeld's personal tracker on
9/11? Why was the SecDef frantically trying to recover it before
Mrs. Rumfeld's private investigators? And his secondary

@_date: 2001-11-22 16:09:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Denning's Geo-crypto 
Time Magazine, November 26, 2001:
Denning's pioneering a new field she calls geo-encryption.
Working with industry, Denning has developed a way to keep
information undecipherable until it reaches its location, as
determined by GPS satellites. Move studios, for example,
have been afraid to release films digitally for the same reasons
record companies hate Napster: once loose on the Internet,
there's little to stop someone from posting the latest blockbuster
DVD on the Web for all to see and download. With Denning's
system, however, only subscribers in specified locations --
such as movie theaters -- would be able to unscramble the
data. The technology works as well for national security
as it does for Harry Potter. Coded messages that the State
Department sends to its embassies, for example, could only
be deciphered in the embassy buildings themselves, greatly
reducing the risk of interception.
For now, Denning says, terrorists "may want to bring down
the power grid or the finance system, but it's still easier to
blow up a building." If she's right, it's due in large part to her.

@_date: 2001-11-27 11:53:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Anonymizing Scam 
There are a variety of ways to anonymize surfing and email
besides anonymizer services and remailers. Government
agencies likely use all these. Reasons for the agencies to use anonymizers and remailers is to learn how they work and to influence operators by purchases, complaints and praise, and to spit in the soup, that is, to raise doubts about the services promises of confidentiality.
The same reasons apply for subscribing to this list, for cultivating
informants, for spoofing identities, for creating dissension
among dissenters, for panicking the populace, for promising
impossible assurance.
Criticism of anonymizers and remailers and this list is a healthy
as criticizing any reputable, and disreputable, private or publice
means of communication.
Fending off criticism by saying past performance and reputation
deserves trust is a hoot and is also a hackneyed reply of someone
who is concealing betrayal, or to put it more politely, has not
yet learned how to earn trust continuously rather than bank it
for unearned profit.
Untested trust is no trust at all. And those who most often promise
trust are not to be trusted, whether highly reputable individual, government of the free world, or very best friend.
Paranoia is no defense against being suckered any more than
being a hermit, and believing you are a trusted insider of a
trustworthy group is suckerdom par excellance.
Dropping your guard: don't. Especially with those of impeccable

@_date: 2001-11-23 21:08:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam 
Below are strange statements coming from Lance Cottrell.
Is there no anonymizer that is not sucking up to the TLAs?
Worse, has there ever been?
One company that is still making money off privacy is
Anonymizer.com, a San Diego-based company that offers
anonymous Web surfing for $50 a year, or $5 a month. The
company has 20,000 active subscribers, said President Lance
Cottrell. "We're still seeing very strong growth," Cottrell said. "Most
people are looking to prevent their boss, insurance company,
spouse, ISP (Internet Service Provider) from knowing where
they're going." Even so, Anonymizer.com began a push six months ago to
market its service to corporations, including law and investigation
firms, and the U.S. government, he said. "Intelligence agencies have been using us for years, especially
since September 11," Cottrell said. "They use us to keep an eye
on bad guy sites" with covert monitoring. The pattern: initial big deal about helping the public protect its
privacy, then boom, a later revelation it was impossible to
continue ...  well, the reasons vary, but the cover story is always
the need for money, the Judas rationale.
Meanwhile, the fabulous surfing data archive allegedly inviolate, or
never retained, or no way to ever know who was using the
service, that is the data all free-gift marketers aim to collect.
Were any anonymizing archives ever trashed or truly protected
against concurrent snarfing? Is Safeweb laughing like ZKS,
like Lance? First, the US, then EU, then CN, all the way to
What does this say about commercial anonymizing services,
and remailers? And crypto, especially free PGP, and the honeypot

@_date: 2001-11-24 04:34:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Biowar in CT and NY 
The New York anthrax death occurred about 30 miles west
of Plum Island, in The Bronx, which is located at the western
end of Long Island Sound. The Oxford, CT death is about
10 miles northwest of Plum Island, near the Long Island
Sound coast.
No other federal laboratory dealing with hazardous virii
is as close to these death locations as PIADC. Virii are
regularly shipped into and out of the Center; the Center boasts of how carefully the dangerous transport is monitored. Photos at the Center's Web site show an African-American deliveryman carrying bio-hazard packages. Most of the other personnel in the Center's photos are pinkish, but that could be a coincidence.  Wonder where that deliveryman lives,
Harlem, The Bronx? In a shack among millionaires in the Hamptons? Does he have grievances? Would he be an admirer of Malcolm X?
Who is LB&B, operator of Plum Island? All the gov personnel
were assigned to the firm when the operation was privatized.
The firm is doing $B business with federal agencies from DoD to NASA to gov contractors all around the nation. Must have lots of high-tech immigrants working for justice and fair play.
And maybe some former gov employees not altogether happy
with the new bosses financial affairs.
Couldn't find a Web site for LB&B on Google, but dozens of citations for work with others as "small business" partners.
Wonder if the firm does work for the Postal Service?

@_date: 2001-11-24 02:25:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Biowar in CT and NY 
The US Department of Agriculture Plum Island Animal Disease Center says:
  "The Plum Island Animal Disease Center is a Biosafety Level 3 (BSL-3) facility designed and constructed to work with the most dangerous animal diseases in the world, such as foot-and-mouth disease (FMD), Rinderpest, and African swine fever. In fact, by federal law, Plum Island is the only place in the U.S. where FMD and Rinderpest
viruses can be studied.
As a BSL-3 facility, PIADC already has in place state-of-the-art biosafety practices and procedures to prevent a disease organism from escaping into the environment, including stringent and rigorously observed safety measures within the laboratories themselves."
... still,
"Plum Island, N.Y., Sept. 5, 2000 The U.S. Department of
Agricultures Plum Island Animal Disease Center (PIADC) has
created a forum groupfor public affairs and safety and
emergency preparedness, to provide new conduits for
communication with the centers neighbors. The forum includes eight local officials who represent
communities in New York and Connecticut within commuting
distance of Plum Island. The forum will initially meet once a
month with USDA scientists and other staff as part of an ongoing
dialogue on the centers research activities, responsibilities, and
general operations."
... so, did a forum member track the virus home to CT?
Probably not:
* Must sign a personal recognizance statement undertaking   to abide by the Safety Rules. * Must take a shower and follow personal decontamination procedures when exiting biocontainment Building 101. * Who have been in biocontainment must observe a self-imposed quarantine, meaning they cannot be around livestock, zoos or circuses for 5 days after coming out of
biocontainment. (This does not include dogs and cats.) "
... but,
"In October 1991, all operation and maintenance activities were privatized, transferring to a contractor (under USDA supervision) all personnel involved in these activities. Currently the operations and maintenance of the PIADC are conducted through a contract with LB&B Associates, Inc., headquartered in Columbia, Md. LB&B is a minority, woman-owned business."

@_date: 2001-11-23 23:52:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Biowar in CT and NY 
What's underplayed about Tobiason's CD is his argument
that people have a right to know how to protect themselves
against biological attack, especially the "accidental" kind.
The Connecticut victim of anthrax lived due west of Plum
Island, which is located off the coast of Long Island, and
is a controversial laboratory which does classified research
on animal diseases. Locals have protested for years about
its activities. One favorite complaint is that wild animals on
the island get infected and then swim across Long Island
Sound to Connecticut or across an narrow inlet to the
LI mainland. Deers swim the sound; rodents, squirrels and rabbits swim the inlet; and birds fly everywhere up and
down the coast and inland. The laboratory's officials claim there is no threat to
the public, that their research only involves foot and mouth
disease. Nobody believes that for infected deer have turned
up in CT and small mammals and birds on Long Island.
I've not seen any mention of Plum Island in connection
with the anthrax case, and mammals usually are not a source
of the inhalation type, but could be transporters of the powder. Still, it would not be surprising that Plum has been doing research with a variety of animal-borne diseases for that is what it was set up to do several decades ago. Critics have questioned why the laboratory has been allowed
to continue to operate within the New York Megalopolis. But
the same is said of Brookhaven National Laboratory, located
not far away.
Biolobical scientists who have visited the facility have
reported to scientific colloquia at the American Museum of Natural History inManhattan that weird and scary stuff happens on Plum Island -- disease, germs, insects,
pests within pests within peculiar parasitical containers
waterborne, airborne and human-borne. Even military
visitors reportedly come away shaken.

@_date: 2001-11-24 17:40:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
Yes, it would be interesting to hear from all the authors how they
decided to publish the HDCP crack, first at a recent conference, then
to publish on the Web -- as far as I know none besides Scott Crosby,
the principal author, agreed to publish on the Web.
Scott, a student at CMU, first broke HDCP program before Niels Ferguson refused to publish his cryptanalysis of HDCP due to
  Scott said at the time of the initial break that he was fearful then about being punished under DMCA and even more so now. He says he now agrees with Neils to not publish additional cryptanalysis under threat of the DMCA.
It is possible that the HDCP owners don't give a damn for the program
was openly published and there's been no public complaint about
Scott's first crack, Neils or the latest. To be sure, that lack of initiative
might be due to fear of cyberterrorism initiated by Richard Clarke
or it may be due to confidence that the FBI will take care of
all the nation's problems in about 150 years.

@_date: 2001-11-25 01:26:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Trial Transcripts 
We offer daily transcripts of the six days of Jim Bell's
trial, April 3-10, 2001:
  Opening and closing argument not included, but will
be offered shortly.
Cypherpunks much discussed in the testimony, but
the wildest accusations are in the opening argument so
courtroom witnesses swear. Still, the testimony provides
an objective view of what you think goes on here and
not here.
Finally, I got to read Declan's testimony and he deserves
a prize if what he said is true.

@_date: 2001-11-29 00:23:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Arguments 
Opening and closing arguments in the Bell trial:
   (Opening)
   (Closing)
Interesting invocation of Cypherpunks by Bell's
attorney, not the prosecutor, in opening arguments.
Quotes Eric Hughes and Tim May.
"Scary" AP stars. Reminds of John Belushi's fearsomeness
to dysfunctional authorities who see themselves in his mirror.

@_date: 2001-12-26 01:19:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Explosive dicks (was: C4 commercial web page) 
So far nothing about the Reid incident distinguishes it
from a low-level security test.
Whether Reid was informed of his role by the operation
planners could be questioned.
And whether the planners were "terrorists" or the counter-
terrorism industry is a fair question.
Time magazine says in its December 31 edition:
  "White House aides tell Time they are envisioning a war   against terrorism that could last 50 years. As a model for   fashioning a long-term game plan, Bush aides have been   looking at old cold-war national-security doucments, such   as NSC-68, a plan the Truman Administration drafted in   1950 to contain the Soviets."
Terrorism is a godsend for those forever looking for terrifying
enemies of the state, family, church.
  Mattd is a guy I'd like at my back in a fight. I wouldn't expect
him to climb a tree like a scardy cat to lick his weeping anus.

@_date: 2001-12-17 01:43:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Terrifying PGP 
Sure, and the URLs still work. The first URL opens the story and the PGP doc is mentioned at the jump at the 2nd URL:
go=ES45175 _artigo=ES45132 Here's Babelfish translation of the passage:
  To the side of some techniques of combat, apparently   rudimentary, were possible to find a manual on one of   the techniques of criptagem of more advanced electrsnicas   communications of the world, Pretty Good Privacy (PGP).    This method, practically considered inviolable, was forbidden   by the Congress them United States for distrust that could   be used to hide activities terrorist.

@_date: 2001-12-16 03:58:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bin Laden Video Sting 
The Observer tomorrow reports that the bin Laden
video is likely the result of a CIA sting operation,
arranged through the Saudi sheik who was induced
by one or more intel agencies to lure bin Laden into
a picture perfect setting and induce him brag.
The report notes that the sheik appeared to be aware
of the video but not bin Laden.
It goes on to say that the tape looks very much like
tapes of Mafia stings by the FBI.

@_date: 2001-12-15 13:54:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: My week in Manila:Dial M for Mayhem. 
Marc confessed:
So you're a captive of the rebels, too. I agree there's is no
better life in the PI than being held prisoner away from the
In '63 on a Ford Foundation venture to the International Rice
Research Institute at Los Banos, I was captured by local
Commie bandits, as the faculty of the University of the Philippines were called by the fearful American enclave set up to woo the
heathen away from Red China.
It took about a second of Commie sex and rice wine to induce
me to abandon Texas Baptist eternal horniness and join
the enemy. After a week of ecstactic captivity, called by
the minimal missionary sex Amercians, brainwashing, my
future was set on the straight and narrow way of liberation,
any kind of liberation so long it was anti-authority.
I would still be there obeying my dick, drunk 24/7, with deep happiness had Ford not sent stand-by whitecoats to wrap me as they did with all wanton expatriates from with a canvas
jacket and deposit me back in infernal Houston which was
just awakening to the dream of making George Bush 1
the POTUS.
Even now a bowl of hot steaming rice is a sacred reminder
of how Asian Communism saved some Americans from a future of hand work and sobriety. All you Korean and Viet
Nam ex-POWs know the benefits of brain cleansing, as
does Marc and now mattd, the pleasures of auto-AP.

@_date: 2001-12-15 02:26:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: bin Laden tape reliability 
Also, it is peculiar that almost nobody in the tape
looked at the camera, which is hard to do unless
trained to do so like actors are, or such looks were removed by editing.
It is also possible that the tape was made surreptitiously,
though the differing camera angles would have to be
done by separate cameras.
Bin Laden's bulk appears to change in different shots.
From the side he looks heavier than usual, but from the
front about the same stringbean. The side shot might
have been due to distortion -- it was closer in than
the frontal.
If the tape is legitmate, I'd say it probably was made
to boost the reputation of the Saudi sheik sitting to
bin Laden's left. He is the second-most person featured.
Could be bin Laden made an appearance and agreed
to the tape for promotion of the Sheik's agenda. Perhaps
bin Laden was on a tour himself of a batch of sheiks
arranged in adjoining rooms, anointing each, maybe
even doing a fund-raiser like our photo-addicted pols.
Certainly UBL was behaving identically to politicians
out working the crowd, bragging, kidding, kissing,
pretending to love the audience, acting as though
all of it is not for video outreach. True, politicians
send in cut-outs and UBL could have sent his
double of which he must have several.

@_date: 2001-12-13 05:06:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MS Patent for DRM OS 
Microsoft's patent for a Digital Rights Management
Operating System was awarded yesterday:
  A digital rights management operating system protects rights-managed data, such as downloaded content, from access by untrusted programs while the data is loaded into memory or on a page file as a result of the execution of a trusted application that accesses the memory. To protect the rights-managed data resident in memory, the digital rights management operating system refuses to load an untrusted program into memory while the trusted application is executing or removes the data from memory before loading the untrusted program. If the untrusted program executes at the operating system level, such as a debugger, the digital rights management operating system renounces a trusted identity created for it by the computer processor when the computer was booted. To protect the rights-managed data on the page file, the digital rights management operating system prohibits raw access to the page file, or erases the data from the page file before allowing such access. Alternatively, the digital rights management operating system can encrypt the rights-managed data prior to writing it to the page file. The digital rights management operating system also limits the functions the user can perform on the rights-managed data and the trusted application, and can provide a trusted clock used in place of the standard computer clock.

@_date: 2001-12-10 21:38:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: AP Al Qaeda 
Whatever promise AP has for its avowed purpose, so far it
has helped to jail a couple of guys and smear a few more
while boosting the careers of several alleged targets.
Talking about AP in public is still going on, here and elsewhere.
Disagreeing about it too. Take it seriously or as a joke, take
your pick. Nothing in the essay proves it's serious or a joke.
Its quality appears to be determined by the credulity of the
reader. I like its jokey aspects more than the other. But that's my feeling
about this forum too. The thrill continues, trying to figure out
who is serious and how is joking and who is laying the traps. The more serious posts here are the best, but mattd is coming
on swell for a standoff comic. True that not everyone likes the humor of political agitation,
and prefer a somber aping of the pols and mils and edus
flogging non-fictional aspirations to right what's wrong,
delusional ravings presented as insight.
Jim Bell would have made AP an underground comedy if he
had hung out with the time-wasterists at MIT rather than with
the techno-commercialists. But I think his techno-political
potboiler succeeds by making a comical wrong turn into the
pokey, not once but twice, and inspiring CJ to follow,
and mattd, and surely more to come as the AP PR machine
gains momentum. A lesson to be learned by the politico-religio-righteous.

@_date: 2001-12-15 01:30:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: bin Laden tape reliability 
What is peculiar is that the non-bin Laden parts of the tape
are superior quality, with close up zooms and other adjustments
for quality. The portions which show UBL are consistently poorer
than the rest, and show little adjustment for quality. Hard to know
if that difference is in the original or was due to later doctoring.
Any video wizards to comment on the likelihood of different
video operators or was it tape from two different machines
spliced together?
Eric Margolis, a reporter and commentator just now on Wolf Blitzer's CNN show pointed out that the tape allegedly came from the Northern Alliance, that the Alliance is very close to Russian intelligence, and that the Russians are masters at forging documents and evidence of all sorts.
Margolis went on to say that every good reporter is suspicious
of "Christmas gifts" like the tape which appear at just the
right time in a convenient finding place.
Blitzer's other two guests, a Saudi representative, and a
reporter for the LA Times, were not suspicious of the tape.
Me, I agree with our Cherry Tree President that no patriot not a pedophile or an African-American on death row in Texas, would ever doubt the tape's authenticity. However, I deeply respect that the Prez crossed his eyes while lisping
the raspberry. Crossed more than usual. And the smirk
of the Prez when he talks about beheading bin Laden is
right out of the video. The smirk that never goes away
on preppy visages.
To mattd, if you've got emit stuff about *illing the *rez,
be sure to post a real world contact address for those
who want to take you up on it. UBL might want to send
a few bucks.

@_date: 2001-12-16 04:07:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Terrifying PGP 
The Portuguese newspaper Expresso, in reporting yesterday
on various documents discovered in Kandahar (including a
plan to Daisy Cutter London) says there was a manual for PGP. The paper commented that Congress had tried to ban PGP because it might be used by terrorists.
Wonder if there are publics keys in the registries for AF?
Better, will Zimmermann at long last face a tribunal for

@_date: 2001-12-17 14:30:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Ban 
I've checked CJ's probation conditions and there's no mention
of cypherpunks, though POs can probably set any condition
they like. Or can they? The original conditions of release proposed by the PO included a ban on computer possession or use which was deleted by the judge. The judge also deleted
a ban on use or possession of a slew of computer peripherals
and programs.
The 7-page judgment and release conditions in multi-image
TIFF format:
   (202KB)
I seem to recall transcribing this doc months ago but
can't locate it.
The probation report posted here yesterday in its original
TIFF format:
    (84KB)
And the case docket with links to the six records
available online (the two above and four others):
  A clap of the hands to Western Washington District for
putting case records online. Not many federal courts do
that. A few offer decisions but hardly any records are
available. Records in the terrorism trials in New York should be put online in the public interest.
We downloaded the 293 records in the Ahmed Ressam
terrorism case (initiated in Western Washingtion, tried in Los Angeles). The most recent records made public are those unsealed after action by the Seattle Times in
October. We've transcribed a few of them along with
the Times' impressive public interest argument for release (i.e., the public needs to know as much as
possible about terrorism to address self-protection):

@_date: 2001-12-17 05:03:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Ban 
I don't recall the rationale used by the USPO to forbid
CJ from posting to cypherpunks. Anybody know the
answer to that?
I can see the spite value, but what harm could possibly
come from posting to cypherpunks as distinguished from
another mail list? Or does the ban include posting to
any mail list.
I read the prohibition against using the Internet for any
purpose except research on medical and legal matters,
but nothing in the probation conditions about cyperpunks
Is that selective ban of cpunks a prelude to Tora Bora-ing
the whole shebang?
Just what is it about cypherpunks that drives federal officials
in the elf-buggering northwest to phantasms of Inquisition, Witch Burning, chasing home-brewed bin Ladens? Inshallah,
they act demon-possessed like christ-fetishist Robert Hanssen.
Speaking of stakeworthy witches, did you see that mad-terrorist
groupie Jessica Stern was featured by Time magazine as one of the Five Underappreciated Americans?

@_date: 2001-12-17 01:29:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban 
NOV 02 2001
                 United States District Court
                           for the
                Western District of Washington
Report on Offender Under Supervision
Name of Offender: Carl Edward Johnson Case Number: CR98-05393
Name of Judicial Officer: The Honorable Robert J. Bryan
Date of Original Sentence: 06/11/99 Date of Report: 10/29/01
Original Offense: Retaliation Against Judicial Officer; Obstruction Of Justice by Threat of Death Against Judicial Officer; Threatening Communication in Interstate of Foreign Commerce; Threatening Communications in Interstate
of Foreign Commerce.
Original Sentence: 37 months BOP; 3 years TSR
Type of Supervision: Supervised Release Date Supervision Commenced: 08/06/01
Special Conditions Imposed
[x] Substance Abuse [x] Financial Disclosure [ ] Restitution
[x] Mental Health   [ ] Fine           [ ] Community Service
[x] Other: No new credit; all employment shall be subject to approval by the Probation Officer; shall not use the Internet or a modem without the permission of his Probation Officer and shall provide his Probation Officer with the name and the Internet address of his Internet account use; shall not possess or use any computer encryption software or programs, retailers [sic], or anonymizers.
NONCOMPLIANCE SUMMARY
The probation officer believes that Carl Edward Johnson has violated conditions of supervision by:
Violation Number      Nature of Noncompliance
  1.        Failing to report the names and addresses of two             Internet service providers, in violation of a             special condition of supervision.
  2.        Using the Internet to access the "Cypherpunk"             website after being specifically instructed not             to use the Internet for this purpose, in violation             of standard condition number 3.
U.S. Probation Officer Action; On October 18, 2001, this officer received intelligence
information which indicated Mr. Johnson was accessing the Internet using two Internet accounts which had not been provided to this officer. Mr.Johnson was using these accounts to insert himself back into a "Cypherpunk" web site he had been accessing during the instant offense. During the probation intake with Mr. Johnson on August 20, 2001, he was instructed to use the Internet for the purpose of researching his medical condition and legal matters only, He was specifically instructed not to access
the Cypherpunk website.
Of particular concern was the content of Mr. Johnson's e-mails, which contained derogatory comments about federal officials. On October 22, 2001, this officer, along with the investigating agent in this matter, conducted an unannounced home visit at Mr. Johnson's residence. Mr. Johnson was asked if he had
provided this officer with all Internet accounts he was currently using, to which he stated he had two new accounts he forgot to report to this officer. He accurately provided the account addresses and stated he would not forget in the future. Mr. Johnson was questioned in regard to his recent postings to the Cypherpunk website after being instructed by this officer not to use the Internet for this purpose. Mr. Johnson became highly agitated at this point, yelling obscenities and banging his fists on the table. After he calmed down, however, Mr. Johnson stated he misunderstood and did not realize he was restricted from going into this site. He further explained that his messages, in regard to federal officials, were simply commentaries to other people's messages. Mr. Johnson was reprimanded for the inappropriate nature
of his e-mail messages and again specifically directed not to access the Cypherpunk website or make any postings to that site. It is noted that a thorough inspection of Mr. Johnson's residence was conducted during this home visit which did not yield anything The Probation Office is giving Mr. Johnson the benefit of the doubt when he says he misunderstood this officer's instructions. We will continue to monitor him closely, and are recommending that no further action be taken at this time. Should Mr. Johnson's noncompliant behavior continue, the Court will be immediately notified and further sanctions will be requested.
                                     Respectfuly submitted,
                                     [signed]
                                     Lornie G. Vanous                                      Senior U.S. Probation Officer
APPROVED: William S. Corn Chief U. S. Probation Officer
BY: [signed]
Catherine E. Sandstrom Supervising U.S. Probation Officer
10/31/01 Attachment: Presentence, Report
THE COURT DIRECTS: [x] No Action Approved [ ] Submit a Request for Modifying the Condition or Term of     Supervision [ ] Submit a Request for Warrant or Summons [ ] Other
                              [signed Robert J. Bryan]
                           Signature of Judicial Officer
                                     2 NOV 01
                                       Date

@_date: 2001-12-18 20:34:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: CIA in NYC 
Answering myself on what the CIA was and is up to
in NYC:
Somebody in the counter-surveillance world says keep at it, you're on the right track.
Look, we fools got nothing to offer except an open
spittoon. Spit here.

@_date: 2001-12-18 19:14:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA in NYC 
The report a while back in the NY Times on the secret
CIA station located in 7 World Trade Center, claimed
its primary role was to surveil UN members and staff.
And its cover was the Secret Service office in the
building (which also housed NYC's Emergency
Couple of things on that. The building, which was only
a few years old, is reported to have collapsed due to
high heat of oil storage tanks, a small tank on the upper
floor to serve NYC Emergency Operations, and an
unsually large tank in the basement. The building owner,
Larry Silverstein, who leased the WTC towers, says
the basement tank was for emergency power. Period.
However, while many buildings have emergency power
systems, few have the size of tanks in 7 WTC. Which may
indicate that the building housed a variety of operations
needing uninterruptable power, and which, in turn, could
explain why NYC put its emergency operations center
there despite public ridicule for putting it on a high floor,
of a glass walled building, next to a likely terrorist
Moreover, it is unlikely that the purpose of the CIA station
was only that made public to the Times. More likely is
that the public story is a cover for what the station did.
One possibility is that it engaged in communication
interceptions, if not transmissions to agents as well, and could have made use of the antennas atop WTC 1, or antennas cloaked by the public antennas.
Now whether bin Laden, or whoever planned the attack,
knew of this, or suspected it, could enrich the speculation
about why the towers were targeted.
Certainly it would take no comsec genius to perform
analysis of what was coming and going atop the towers,
or that may have been going on under cover of the
tower's emissions. All the public emissions could have
been discounted and the remainder subject to detailed
Perhaps the ordinary mujahadeen couldn't do that kind
of analysis but certainly a slew of other nations could.
As well as private comsec companies, of which there
are dozens in NYC peddling their services to US and
foreign clients.
So, if the CIA was surveilling these private security
companies, along with the comms of the UN members,
it may well be that countersurveillance picked up the
snoops and the information was peddled to assassins
or used to justify engaging hit squads to take out the
Finally, oil storage tanks are required by building and
fire codes to have especially durable fire-proofed enclosures,
the design based on the size of the tank and any expected
worse case scenario. At least this is the case when a
facility is subject to municipal regulations. Which we know the WTC was not. Whether the Center's unusual
vulnerability attacted the attack is a fair question.
But don't expect any findings to be made public is this
is the case, for that might require delving into which
operations in the Center invited retaliation by those
who had been attacked by them.

@_date: 2001-12-18 20:19:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Oregon Link to 9-11? 
Answering myself on the Bend Or matter:
Somebody reports that Bend is the location of
an imagery downlink facility for the spooks, the
point from which fiber optic cable is linked to
Russia and the Far East, and where NSA and NRO
operate facilities. And provided a possible source
of more information on this. Report to follow.
That Scott Mueller had nothing to do with any
of these operations is not the question he was
asked by Robb London, merely was he associated
with the CIA. No connection at all, he swore.

@_date: 2001-12-18 19:31:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Oregon Link to 9-11? 
Fox News reports that a senator from Oregon says
there is a link of the state to 9-11. No other details
provided by the senator. Anybody know more about
this or have a link?
Wonder if this has anything to do with ISTAC.gov the
CIA station allegedly in Bend, OR. ISTAC has been
visiting Cryptome over the past few days, which is
either a new friend who saw my grand jury testimony
about the station, read the trial transcript, has been perusing i-net archives, is a front for Safeweb or
Privsec, or a federal sniffer spoofing ISTAC and
setting poisoned bait.
ISTAC, a national department of the CIA, according to
anonymous, does interception work, and has at least
two stations, one eastern US and the one in Bend, OR.
Scott Mueller, according to his sworn testimony, has nothing to do with his namesake cut-out.
Listen, this may be a vicious rumor, but I was told yesterday
there is a site on the Net, or a newsgroup message, which claims that Cryptome is the most reviled Web site among intel agencies. Has anybody seen this hard sought highest of praise? Need that for a long-sought motto, ad banner,
tatoo, singalong, Xmas card to an in-law.

@_date: 2001-12-19 03:28:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: MS DRM OS Begets SSSCA 
I think Mike is trying to describe the worst case scenario to
arouse opposition. Bear in mind that the Content Faction
(and maybe the Tech Faction) want to control the world,
not just the US. All countries are targets for SSSCA and
DMCA through copyright treaties and other control
Just a few days ago the last country needed to enforce
the WIPO Copyright Treaty signed on. WIPO is the global
version of DMCA. And the Hague Convention is meeting
shortly to set up the legal framework to enforce the
various global treaties on protecting intellectual property.
Sure, there will continue to be gray and black markets
in software but criminalization of circumvention devices
will put some youngsters (and oldsters) in jail, as we see looming from the recent warez raids.
I'm optimistic that Mike is too pessimistic but he knows
how to arouse by avoiding rosy ending scripts. The MPAA
and co-conspirators are dirty fighters and nobody should
expect to merely ignore them, thinking that loosening of
crypto controls is a model. They know that precedent and
are determined to do what governments could not.
Question is, as ever, what about the programmers within
the factions who are needed to carry out the wishes of the
bosses. In this, crypto could be a bellweather, for showing
how the technicians learned to outwit the others. But are
technical folks more susceptible these days to bribery
of swell life styles than the crypto-rebels were? Or better,
are there well-endowed, smarter than most, Factioners who do not want to be part of hegemonic putridity?
We'll see what the Factions offer the liberators to keep
them hard at work, happy to be protected intellectual property
slaves. None of whom would waste a second here
except to pick up intelligence for blowing upholes.

@_date: 2001-12-19 02:08:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MS DRM OS Begets SSSCA 
SSSCA is far from dead, it may have a good chance
of enactment according to Mike Godwin's essay today,
"Coming Soon: Hollywood Versus the Internet:"
  Here are his opening paragraphs:
"If you have a fast computer and a fast connection to the Internet, you make Hollywood nervous. And Tinseltown is nervous not because of what you're doing now, but because of what you *might* do -- grab digital Hollywood content
with your computer and broadcast it over the Internet.
Which is why Hollywood, along with other content companies, from book publishers to the music industry, has begun a
campaign to stop you from ever being able to do such a thing -- even though you may have no intention of becoming a copyright "pirate." That campaign has pitted corporate giants like Disney and Fox against corporate giants like Microsoft and IBM, but the resulting war over the shape of future digital technology may end up with us computer
users suffering the "collateral damage."
As music-software designer and entrepreneur Selene Makarios puts it, this campaign represents "little less than an attempt to outlaw general-purpose computers."
Let's get one thing straight -- when I say there's war looming in cyberspace over copyright, I'm not talking about the struggle between copyright holders and copyright "pirates" who distribute unlicensed copies of creative works for free over the Internet. Maybe you loved Napster or maybe you hated it, but the right to start a Napster, or to infringe copyright and get away with it, is not what's at issue here. And in a sense it's a distraction from what the real war is.
What I'm talking about instead is the war between the content industries (call them "the Content Faction") and the information-technology industries -- call the latter "the Tech Faction." That faction includes not only computer makers, software makers, and related digital-device manufacturers (think CD burners and MP3 players and Cisco routers). Allied with the Content Faction are the consumer-electronics makers -- the folks who build your VCRs and DVD players and boomboxes. The Tech Faction, which makes smarter, more programmabale devices and technologies than the consumer-electronics guys do, may count among their allies many cable companies and even telephone companies.
But what's the "collateral damage," exactly? Perhaps the most likely scenario is this: at some near-future date - perhaps as early as 2010 - individuals may no longer be able to do the kinds of things they routinely do with their digital tools in 2001. They may no longer be able, for example, to move music
or video files around easily from one of their computers to another (even if the other is just a few feet away in the same house), or to personal digital assistants. Their music collections, reduced to MP3s, may be moveable to a limited extent; unless their digital hardware doesn't allow it. The digital videos they shot in 1999 may be unplayable on their desktop and laptop computers -- or even on other devices -- in 2009.
And if they're programmers, trying to come up with the next great version of the Linux operating system, for example, they may find their development efforts put them at risk of criminal and civil penalties if the tools they develop are inadequately protective of copyright interests. Indeed, their
sons and daughters in grade-school computer classes may face similar risks, if the broadest of the changes now being proposed becomes law."

@_date: 2001-12-28 03:03:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Fear and Trembling 
There are a relative few choke points for information distribution
in the West. Not all would have to be taken out at the same time,
only a few, then a pause to process intelligence garnered from
the second attack along with that of the first was on the WTC and Pentagon (the anthrax attack provided intelligence for the same planners whether done by them or planned for a later intel-gathering operation).
The short-lived patriotism after WTC/Pentagon has been
transformed into uncritical jingoism in the US and surprisingly
in the copycat UK.
There has been a stead build-up of intelligence by fire from
the various bombings of US installations leading up to WYC
and the Pentagon, as several military and intellgience analysts have noted. And still the US and its allies have not been able
to halt the attacks, despite round-up of a few low level operatives
and convictions -- but no public execution or other merciless
acts of retribution, or none that have been publicized.
The Afghan bombing has been exhibited as relatively bloodless
except for the killing of journalists and a single CIA officer --
agents of information which have become the pariahs of
many societies, not all of them non-Western.
What would have an effect in the West is not only attacks on
the infrastructure of information and its celebrated leaders
but its variety of participants -- students, teachers, preachers,
educators, journalists, publicists, ad writers, entertainers,
intellectual property creators and producers and exporters,
lawyers and a slew of professionals. These are the sources
of the offensive content and the tools, hardware, and weapons
that accompany the content, that drive opponents to murderous
rage in defense of their own cultural content.
The Western conceit that its culture is so superior that it
must impose it on others through missionary campaigns
now many centuries old, through economic policies, through eduation, through foreign policies, through military enforcement,
and through disparagement of other cultures, has bred a
deep seated anger toward the prime exporters, the idea
supremacists of state, church and family.
Despite tolerant pretensions, the West has been the bloodiest
culture that ever existed, and is getting meaner and more
vicious as its technological prowess grows and its intellectual
abilities decline -- as with all powerful bandits which get more
stupid as they conquer by force.
The US superpower vainglory is what keeps it ever blind to
the weakness of its power: it's obessession with secrecy
and belief that hardware will prevail over software, those
standard signs of power corruption preceding a fall.
All power aggrandizement thrives on cloaking its predations
with claims of superiority -- state, church and family -- and
refusal to consider that it is not as good as it dreams of
being, that is, the powerful take promotional material for Empires are susceptible to having their illusions shattered
when their cosmeticians lose their skill at concealing the
rot. Or to put it another way, when long successful cosmetic
schemes lose their power to deceive.
The US military is a shell of an effective military operation,
sustained more by publicity than by successful action. It
has had no enemy to test its promise since WW2 when it
gained a foothold in US culture through citizen military
service and luxurious payoffs to industry and education,
especially education and training for advancing Western culture through economic, political and social exports.
Targets for centers of these exports are not hard to
identify, and they are not nuclear plants, bridges,
water supplies, and digital infrastructure, probably not
even Washington DC icons of political power -- these
are propounded as in urgent need of protection to divert
attention from crucial nodes.
Again, to see which are juicy targets for undermining
Western culture, look to those hardly protected at
all except by obscurity, by never being mentioned as
needing protection, by never promoted as ideas, places and people of influence, by being those supporters of Western
culture which are so fundamental to it the culture would
not be identifiable without them.
These targets are not celebrated, they are taken for
granted as if to last forever, well, as long as King George
lasted on the American continent (his reign did not end
with the American revolution but went overground into
our most distinguished institutions of rank, privilege, elitism, secrecy, deceit and conceit).

@_date: 2001-12-27 23:13:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fear and Trembling 
The next major attack will not likely involve civilian aircraft; that target has been effectively crippled, wounded not killed
so that  resources must be squandered to care for it.
More likely will be a target (or targets) which provides a sense of security and does not appear to be a source of danger and fear. Where there are few protections in place, and
where the shock of attack will be maximized, not just
in casualities but in its unexpectedness.
The attack should have the effect on Western culture,
say, that bombing of Mecca would have on Islam. That is,
it should be so violently audacious that long-standing
presumptions that the enemy would never do such a
thing are overwhelmed.
Under this scenario attack by weapons of mass destruction are not likely because of the overplay of their possible use.
What then would be such an attack, least expected and
most likely to be unprotected against?
Most likely is a widely distributed attack, perhaps simultaneous
but best to be staggered or unpredictable in time and how
extensive the attack is and what all its targets are. With
unpredictable pauses in the campaign, a combination of
rapid fire hits, pauses, seeming cessation, then a hit or
two, weird and shocking concordances and discordances
with other events, violations and cruelties beyond conventional
belief, beyond reason and madness.
A clue to understanding what an attack like this would be is
to imagine what would cause battle shock in the citizenry,
not terror and flight, but incapacitation of the mind and body
to function without physically harming most of the victims.
One likely cause of this breakdown is lack of information
about what is going on and what will happen next, where danger
lies and when will violence against loved ones and self occur
next. Dread of the unknown after initial evidence that horror
is sure to come, and is inexcapable no matter what measures
have been taken to prevent it.
By now it is clear that this is what the US military did in Afghanistan, and what is most likely to be done to the US
and its allies in vengeful payback, if not soon then eventually.
Calling in F-15s to combat shoes containing explosives shows
how Western military forces helplessly misgauge its enemies. So,
too, does declaring the US has won in Afghanistan when it has not
engaged the enemy, and when it has repeatedly failed to protect its forces, its embassies and its cities from asymmetric attack.
The US and its allies is fiercest in engaging in propaganda,
ably assisted by commercial propagandists, the news media.
Beheading the centers of information warfare would be the end of Western culture.

@_date: 2001-12-28 17:12:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Western Culture 
The dominant religion of the West is Middle Eastern in
origin, its best features long overlayered with barbaric bureaucracy of the Greeks and Latins and vile practices derived from the warrior cultures, many the outgrowth of northern European hinterlands, Anglo-Saxon defectives
still enthralled with ceremonial violence inherent in
costume, sports, entertainment, prejudice, pride, and
exculpation of ego-driven indifference to harm caused
others -- others deliberately defined as unworthy of
equal treatment with those who considered themselves
inherently superior. Calvinism a cloak for screwing
with mammon's blessing.
The dominant political system is similarly derived and
corrupted by bandit mentality, warlords changing sides,
imitating each other, destroying dissenters of the main
behavior, bribing those they cannot beat, stigmatizing
and/or criminalizing those they cannot bribe.
The Western family culture is probably the most barbaric of
all for its promulgation of vicious sexual peculiarities, prohibitions, askanced violations, intra-familial deceits, institutionalized sanctimoniousness and manipulation
and slavery (oft through faux idolization) of children and women. The dominant male is homosexual beyond the
conventional definition of that term, preferring and
adoring other males, the more dominating the better,
though never recognizing the fundamental cowardice
of preening dominants -- all showboating, parading,
bluffing, fetishism of stand-off battling, never risking
harm, and love of literature and art that valorizes these
The economic system is a mish-mash of the other three,
opportunistic, unprincipled, venal, treacherous, exploitive
at home and overseas. Nothing intellectually original about
it, lacking subtlety, maximizing unearned profits, gloating
about winning by treachery, by taking advantage of others,
completely ga-ga about hanging out with like-minded dimwits.
What is most distinctive about Western culture is its willful
ignorance about where it came from, and what has been
lost by branding the mongrel culture with simplistic, jingoistic
terminology created for ignorant sellers of the product (gov, com, edu) and its consumers. Sure it appeals to the ignorant sellers and consumers worldwide but not as
much as believed by its homeland sources.

@_date: 2001-12-31 22:09:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re:  Clarification for cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com 
But this is a well-established unsolvable problem in
philosophy. It is impossible to examine your fundamental
ideas for they are what you stand on to examine. What
you think are basic are at least one step up from fundamental.
Another person can see your fundamentals but not you, and
vice versa.
Faustine demonstrated this with her parable about locating
a long-lost acquaintance, as did he her, uh, her he. He did
not could not recognize what she saw in him, and she did
not see how he identified her. What she saw was a secondary
appearance he claims to have seen in her writings, not primary.
There is no way out of the dilemma of not being able to see in yourself what others do, what they see in you is transparent
to you. An unexamined life is the only possibility -- the joke
of the opposite canard.
Camouflage at will, but it will take another party to check
how you blindly failed to protect yourself.
That's why relying on your own secret remailer the first hop is futile.

@_date: 2001-12-31 20:25:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Scarfo Phase 2 
John Schwartz writes in the December 31 New York Times:
"A controversial system installed on a criminal suspect's computer by the government to capture the encryption passwords of a criminal suspect is nearing its second phase." Anybody have info or leads on the "second phase" of what appears to be the keylogging technology used by the FBI in the Scarfo case?

@_date: 2001-12-31 17:39:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Scarfo Phase 2 
============================== START ==============================
John Schwartz writes in the December 31 New York Times:
"A controversial system installed on a criminal suspect's computer by the government to capture the encryption passwords of a criminal suspect is nearing its second phase." Anybody have info or leads on the "second phase" of what appears to be the keylogging technology used by the FBI in the Scarfo case?

@_date: 2002-01-31 20:41:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What the FBI Censored at RaisetheFist 
What the FBI Doesn't Want You to See at RaisetheFist.com
Dr. David S. Touretzky
Computer Science Department
Carnegie Mellon University
Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3891
According to Sherman Austin, the 19 year old owner/operator of RaisetheFist.com, the pretext for the FBI raid on his home was some of the content in the Reclaim Guide. I have mirrored this document at Carnegie Mellon. This is what Sherman is quoted as saying to an interviewer:
"They told me the main reason for the raid was because of the content on the site, and they wanted to see who was looking at it. This was not the main reason. It was an excuse. The alleged content which they claim they   were so concerned about is from the Reclaim Guide.''
I'm a registered Republican, so needless to say, I don't agree with the site owner's politics. But I'm curious why the FBI would use this Reclaim Guide as a pretext to seize a private citizen's computers.
  [Reclaim Guide Excerpts]
Defensive Weapons
In developing defensive-offense tactics, our bodies cant provide for everything we do in battle. That is why we need to be prepared with the proper tools to execute our goal. Many different weapons and tools can be used in street fighting. Make sure that you keep them clean of fingerprints, DNA fibers (hair folicles, etc.),
especially explosives because they may not always ignite. The following weapons are widely used and effective in executing the goal of the demonstration. Slings-A sling is a piece of cloth with a small pocket to hold large rocks. The cloth is spun around in the air many times until momentum is gained and one side of the cloth is let go. The rock hurls into the air at it's target. Supposedly used by David against Goliath in the "Good Book". Slingshot-C'mon, don't make me explain what this is. Bust out Bart Simpson style and fire some tiny metal pellets at pigs. Very effective when used by large groups at once. Boomerangs-These are easy to find and work pretty well. You can also make other throwing objects like ninja stars and such. With sharp items, though, you can get a stiff attempted murder charge, like the LAPD pushed on a comrade of ours at the DNC.
Basic Chemistry
Homemade explosives work very well in riots. There is a huge history of the military using homemade explosives in war, so if it works for them, it can work against them. Click on the links for construction methods. Molotov Cocktails-The most popular choice in street fighting weaponry. A very useful and effective explosive, made purely of household items. Smoke Bombs-These easily attainable or homemade items are great when dealing with illegal situations. It can shield any media or police cameras from catching anyone on film participating in an illegal act. It can also disorient the police when they are advancing on the crowd. For construction methods, click on the link. Fuel-Fertilizer Explosives-These will create an overwhelmingly large explosion and should be practiced in large faraway places like the desert before using. Make sure that you will not injure anyone that you do not intend to injure. Pipe Bombs-Not really the best explosive to use in a street fight but it still works. Causes lots of good damage. Draino Bomb-A small bomb that is very risky to use. To be used on cars only. Be careful! Soda Bottle Bomb-A somewhat biowarfare bomb made from aluminum foil and pool acid. The fumes should not be inhaled by anyone you do not want to inhale them. Match Head Bomb-A small bomb of match heads. Not too fabulous. Remember: Be careful and responsible with these explosives. Dont blow yourself up, or any of your comrades! Dont get caught! Molotov Cocktails
There are many variations of the molotov cocktail. The classic is a glass bottle filled with gasoline. An oily soaked rag is placed in the neck of the bottle.
The rag is lit on fire and the bottle is thrown at the opposition. However, practice has created new models of the molotov that defeat the classic version. When making molotovs, it is never a good idea to use the oily rag method. It can allow gas to seep from the bottle and many other bad things. The best way is to take a tampon that is soaked in gas and place it on the side of the bottle neck. Then, tie a rubber band around the tampon. Make sure the bottle has a cap on it. Light the tampon and throw hard. With this ignition method, the bottle must break! When making a molotov mixture, one of the easiest mixtures is filling half the bottle with gasoline, and the other half of the bottle with motor oil. Mix well! The oil is very flammable and sticks very well to the surface that it lands on. Another mixture is to fill half the bottle with gasoline and the other half with tar. This mixture burns very very hot and also sticks well to surfaces while the gasoline does the work. To make a firewall, simply fill bottles with rubbing alcohol and light the mixture. These bottles should be lined up side by side to create a large area of fire that police will not walk through. By far the stickiest mixture is 50% gasoline, with 25% tar and 25% grease. Shake well and throw hard! The most high explosive and lethal mixture is amonium-
nitrate-based fertilizer mixed with gasoline. Just stuff the bottle with this mixture and light the fucker. This method should be made with a plastic bottle so that it will not break on impact. When you light it, the bottle will quickly explode so be quick. Using a fuse is a good idea. Fuel Fertilizer Explosive
As you've probably already read in the chapter dealing with firebombs, it is possible to make a powerful high explosive based on any ammonium nitrate
fertilizer. According to some sources, all that is necessary to make such explosives is wrapping a fistful of fertilizer in a large fuel-soaked cloth. Igniting the cloth would then result in a powerful explosion. Others claim, though, that to get a real high-order explosive, one should mix the fertilizer with a small amount of fuel. Since different brands of fertilizer
contain different amounts of ammonium nitrate, experimenting should be necessary. It has also been said that such explosive can only be set off by a
shockwave from a military style detonator. Pipe Bombs
You want a standard steel pipe (two inches in diameter is a good size) that is threaded on both ends so you can cap it. The length you use depends on how big an explosion is desired. Sizes between 3-10 inches in length have been successfully employed. Make sure both caps screw on tightly before you insert the powder. The basic idea to remember is that a bomb is simply a hot fire burning very rapidly in a tightly confined space. The rapidly expanding gases burst against the walls of the bomb. If they are trapped in a tightly sealed iron pipe, when they finally break out, they do so with incredible force. If the
bomb itself is placed in a somewhat enclosed area like a ventilation shaft, doorway or alleyway, it will in turn convert this larger area into a "bomb" and increase the over-all explosion immensely. When you have the right pipe and both caps selected, drill a hole in the side of the pipe (before powder is inserted) big enough to pull the fuse through. If
you are using a firecracker fuse, insert the firecracker, pull the fuse through and epoxy it into place securely. If you are using long fusing either with a detonator (difficult to come by) timing device or a simple cancerette fuse, drill two holes and run two lines of fuse into the pipe. When you have the fuse rigged to the pipe, you are ready to add the powder. Cape one end snugly, making sure you haven't trapped any grains of powder in the threads. Wipe the device with rubbing alcohol and you're ready to blast off. A good innovation is to grind down one half of the pipe before you insert the powder. This makes the walls of one end thinner than the walls of the other
end. When you place the bomb, the explosion, following the line of least resistance, will head in that direction. You can do this with ordinary grinding
tools available in any hardware or machine shop. Be sure not to have the powder around when you are grinding the pipe, since sparks are produced. Draino Bomb
Take any plastic film canister and fill 3/4 of the cannister with Comet. Fill the rest with Draino and put the lid on it. Take this mixture to a cop car and
drop it in the gas tank. Run like hell. In about ten minutes the car will explode like in the movies. However, if you are at a demonstration, there are always people around. It is not safe to assume that your comrades or innocent bystanders wont be near the car. You dont want to hurt anyone that you dont intend to hurt. Be Fucking Careful! Soda Bottle Bomb
Take a 2 liter plastic soda bottle and fill about a quarter of it with Muramic Acid (pool acid). After this you have to work fast! Drop some aluminum foil
strips into the bottle and put the cap on. Shake it up a bit and throw it. It will create a gas and explode. The fumes are very hazardous, so make sure you wont harm anyone unless you intend to.
Smoke Bombs
Mix 4 parts sugar with 6 parts salt peter. Heat this over a low flame until it melts, stirring well. Pour into a container. When pouring place a few wooden
matches into it for a fuse. About a pound of this will smoke up an entire block. Match Head Bomb
Take a plastic pipe and cap one end. Fill the pipe with match heads and pack it tightly. Put the cap on the other end and put a small hole in the cap so you
can run a fuse through it. Light the fuse and it will explode.

@_date: 2002-01-31 19:08:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More Elcomsoft/Sklyarov Motions 
Thanks to Kurt Foss we offer two additional dismissal motions by Elcom/Elcomsoft  and Dmitry Sklyarov:
Notice of Motion and Motion to Dismiss Indictment for Lack of Jurisdiction
Notice of Motion and Motion to Dismiss Count One: Conspiracy

@_date: 2002-01-30 01:48:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sklyarov's Motion to Dismiss Indictment 
We offer Dmitry Sklyarov's "Motion to Dismiss Indictment
for Violation of Due Process" filed yesterday:

@_date: 2002-01-26 07:55:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Debris Site 
We offer 19 aerial photos taken yesterday by helicopter of the 170-acre WTC debris criminal investigation site at Fresh Kills Landfill and 4 aerial photos of the WTC site:

@_date: 2002-01-08 15:18:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
Agreed, that is what distinguishes this list, now, and based on the
archives, from its beginning. While Tim used miswiring coyly, the
term fits most of what produces innovative stuff in human affairs.
The wired, no pun Declan, just repeat, exploit, copy, plagiarize,
steal, and claim as their own what the miswired originated, again
as evidenced here but hardly only here.
And the wired are forever proclaiming the need for more innovation,
but when they attempt to demonstrate what they mean, all too
often it is very slyly repackaged fruit cultivated by, ahem, nobodies.
Reputation is an obession with the wired, knowing as they do that
without that they are nothing.
So they must erect fantastic images of themselves, constantly
culling their output for new ways of packaging it; they must destroy
whatever innovation puts their reputation at risk; they must band
together to promote each other's brand; and they must ever be
alert for threatening other totems and taboos which diminish
their own voodoo.
The wired are pathetically traditional, are addicted to pantheons
of heros, fear genuine novelty, vainly struggle to impose their carapacial vision on reality to hide their dread of the unknown.
The love special connections to others like themselves, a web
of trust, a secret, exclusive web is best of all (though cloaked
with a scrim of openness).
Miswired, yeah, that's the the true cypherpunk waywardness, and within that open-minded ambience a few self-filtered, -censored wired are tolerable to remind what not to do, how not to be, what not to say, who not to hang with, who to be kindly to despite the deliberate self-incapacitation to avoid
The wired love grammar and other strict rules of human
affairs so they can play at defying them in an approved
manner, having banked their all on insider cheating, using
the rules to favor themselves.
The wired love government and its perfect mate anti-government.
But fear going too far and rationalize cowardice as shrewdness.
None of this is to be taken seriously for it adopts the style
of the long-winded wired: shut up and listen to my infallible

@_date: 2002-01-06 14:01:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Precursors 
"Bob was a serious, often melancholy boy. He loved clandestine matters --
one of his favorite books was The Codebreakers by David Kahn. "Pick up a
book on spies, and run through the list, and he had some interest in it,"
said a friend."
What if Africa had colonized America First?
One of America's bestselling black science fiction writers asks the forbidden question in LION'S BLOOD, a Warner/Aspect "Devastating"--Octavia Butler
"An epic, daring alternate-universe novel that is both a page-turning adventure story and a work that raises the stakes for speculative fiction"--Charles Johnson
Order now from Amazon, or for more information, go to:

@_date: 2002-01-06 13:44:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Faustine's paranoia index (or: mindless OT bickering) 
Faustine's right that there is far too much effort wasted here
on trying to control what gets posted, or should or shouldn't
be, rather than improve the quality of the discourse and encourage
new voices, in particular those different from one's own, and
most especially different from one's pack-howling.
But then there's pleasure in watching the establishment get dissed by disbelievers, and the attempts of guardians of the commons to police what's not theirs exclusively to rule.
Professors get beat by students, get used to it. Filtering the
painful truth aids embellishing the glory days to fans who
seek security from tough auto-love masters.
Feynmann was exceptional for laughing at himself, for
demonstrating nothing kills imagination like pride and
vainglory. Einstein was good at self-deprecation too. Perhaps that is the message cpunk genius CJ offered that authoritarians are compelled to filter, murderously by gun-enforced imprisonment and banishment from the forum, so destabilizable are the certain-minded
by ridicule, especially when so well deserved.

@_date: 2002-01-05 01:03:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ersatz Chick Thing 
What is pleasurable to us unimaginatives trapped east
of the limits of decency is getting hands on ersatz chick
things, and the other marvelous west coast entertainments
gone stale years ago.
We get ersatz ersatz chick things by the planeloads but
not the real patooty grown in backyard agriponte sheds
all along the Pacific Coast.
Coming back from the Bell trial in April my chick thing and
I ran across a museum of old time ersatz chick things, ersatz
of the ersatz era long generated by Hollywood, and was told there used to be a major grower of nubile young ersatz,
film star forever virgins, in the region but now all you could get were the pitiful fake ersatz chicks on the corporate campuses, bisexuals, polysexuals, polymorphous sexuals, kaliedescopic
deviants, tree humpers, auto fetishists, vulture capital putas,
animal rights for horrific practices, and the perdurable
ersatz coprophiliacs all across the ersatz golden west,
the last dregs of ersatz America where men used to be
men in military and western gun-shooting drag and women were indescribable if not innocent whores like momma
and baby sister.
Somewhere western novels took over western imagination
and horses asses became ersatz heroes unable to appreciate
the real chick thing so obessesed were they at dreaming of
being motherfucked.

@_date: 2002-01-05 13:28:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cpunks Lauded 
After Levy explained the role of non-gov cryptographers in freeing
cypto from government control, with a mention of cypherpunks, the host, Goodale, pressed Kahn and Levy to agree that "punks" and "nerds" should be held accountable for the likely damage to national
security that followed. Goodale said punks and nerds with disparagement, as if speaking of anti-socials. He appeared to
be expressing a view not his alone but one discussed in the clubs
of centralized power.
Neither Levy nor Kahn agreed with that view. Levy in particular
defended the liberation of crypto with conviction such that Goodale
backed off, saying he only meant to state the accusation strongly to
get a good response. Again, Goodale seemed to be following an agenda for assigning blame for 911 to crypto availability.
Neither Levy nor Kahn cited that investigators have found no use
of crypto by the 911 attackers.
Levy made the points that nobody knows for sure whether crypto
is in use by terroritsts but that it most likely is; that bin Laden
would never use an escrow-compromised program; that nobody
knows what NSA can crack; that the weakness of crypto is
in the implementation not the mathematics; that traffic analysis
was used to trace terrorist activities in the embassy bombing
investigation. Kahn concurred with these points.
It is worth bearing in mind that there continues to be an attempt to
demonize crypto by way of 911, that punks and nerds are likely
targets, that there may be re-institution of crypto control measures,
despite Levy and Kahn disagreeing with that view.
This crypto demonization may well intensify as investigations proceed into the government, military and intelligence failure to prevent 911. Whether crypto actually played any role in the attack may be seen as unimportant so long as a convincing
story can be promoted that it must have been.
On the British predecessors: it remains to be seen how much
of their work was leaked to Diffie. We've got an FOIA request
into NSA on this topic, now two years old, and have been
told by NSA that it has material from the date of the British invention. No work on when or what will be released.
Tim is right that Diffie, Hellman, all the PK early developers,
deserve all the credit for making PK public and the British
deserve none for their compulsive secrecy. And it may be
only academic as to who invented PK. Still, it is worth learning
what the possibilities are for attacks on PK, especially in the
light of its unparalleled reputation for public use, or, as
David Kahn said, its value as "the single most important
invention in the history of cryptography."
That sort of language makes me nervous about what lurks
in the heart of PK, its invention, its leak, its liberation, its
widespread public use, its seeming impregnability. A fair
amount of the reputation of PK is comparable to a sophisticated
sting -- the kind Kahn richly documents throughout the history
of cryptography.
If liberation of cryptography is a sting, what role of cpunks
in that? What role vainglory in falling for the allure of anti-
authority as the sting unfolds. Levy has words about this,
although I have no reason to believe his early vaunting of
cypherpunks was part of a wider scheme, nor his recent
book. But, still, wizened cryptographers, as Kahn documents,
claim you cannot ever be too paranoid.
Whatever NSA releases on pre-Diffie PK, it will not be
the truth but probably convincing to the believers in fairy
tale crypto protection. The Brits way of leaking PK history to accomplish a hidden task or ability is similarly suspicious.

@_date: 2002-01-05 04:29:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cpunks Lauded 
A local NYC TV show, The Digital Age, today had David Kahn and Steve Levy discussing crypto, bin Laden and 911 with the show's host, James Goodale, former vice-chairman of the New York Times.
The topic was what role encryption may have played
in 911.
Steve was persuasive in noting that crypto should not
be singled out as a lethal technology for terrorism any
more than other technology that could be put to malign
Cypherpunks got a plug from Steve for making encryption
"hip." Though Goodale attempted to get Steve to agree
that it was not a good thing for crypto to be liberated from
government control, Steve wouldn't buy that, and he credited
cypherpunks with a principal role in popularizing and spreading the technology, along with Phil Zimmermann's PGP effort. David Kahn agreed with Steve that there was nothing that could be done about loss of government control of encryption, the technology was out there for all to use for good or bad purposes.
David reaffirmed his belief that key escrow would have
been best for the country's security, but now it was no longer possible. (We heard David state that a few years
back at a crypto conference in NYC.)
David was emphatic that public key cryptography is the
single most important invention in the entire history of
cryptography. Diffie and Hellman were cited, but not
the British predecessors.

@_date: 2002-01-07 02:30:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
Psychological and psychiatric catergories are entertaining to
toy with, and the diagnostic manuals are a hoot, but none are as
subtle and supple as language needs to be to convey what
people do, believe, say and act. They are way too rigid and domineering to get at the complexity and unpredictability of human behavior. But simple-seeking minds are soothed by Similarly, grammatical language is pitifully limited in what it can communicate, and its adherents must bully their message
to say what they cannot so long as they abide by the rigidity
of a highly conventional structure, not of their own making, not even of their understanding as to what can be done
contradicting the ever challengable conceits of grammar's
illusory supremacy.
Fortunately, there are numerous creative alternatives to rigid, authoritarian language as in all arts and sciences. Alternatives which the conventionally obedience ever attempt to demonize and castigate with simian terms of opprobrium. Psychoanalysis a prime tool, literary
criticism another. Plain language philosophy, too, idolizes word structure, the false hegemon of the
Any more of this kind of shit writing belabors the obvious point that serious writing, along with serious thinking, is ridiculous, a conceit of mind and tongue unable to bear frightful freedom, afraid of its own yearning for disorderly
structure as though there is something wrong with singing
your heart out, and laughing at your tone deafness.
A joke beats a wise statement any day of the week for
content, style and performance.
An unintended joke is a masterstroke. If it is upon oneself
that is sublime. Take God's own case, a sublime lack of
humor about the predicament sui generis.
Nobody here has ever gone that far, though the best ones
vainmostly aspire.

@_date: 2002-01-06 19:07:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
There are many voices and styles of discourse, and to be sure
a variety of ways to moderate by intimidation and ridicule and
proclaiming the one true way to do it without seeming to. Different strokes, differing anarchies, and archies pretending otherwise. That is what makes this commons more interesting
than the closed salons. Which by no means precluded all the
vile behavior each of us foams about as if not a practitioner.
I miss the variety of serious and humorous discourse of Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, Perry, Gilmore, Sandy, Harry Hawk, Eric Hughes,
come to think of it, a whole collection of accused misfits here, or could it be the misfits are still here accusing. Doesn't matter in the long run. Even unwarranted accusations have a place in the foaming, could be that's what mouths were made for.
Tim is best funny, way out humor, borderline breached, thin
skinned reactionary. Western civ.

@_date: 2002-01-10 17:55:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: more on procmail is not mattd's friend! 
That's k00l. Now, mattd, you set the script to return the shit
to cpunks to automate and improve the bitching signal and boost volume. The traditional signal here is indistinguishable from noise to those who only send to read their own shit
and never comprehend the other.
Idiot sigs, calls for killing and killfiling are shit for eaters.
But fun to watch auto-hypnotics, too.

@_date: 2002-01-11 22:07:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gov Deep Net Monitoring 
An anonymous ISP representative responds to "ISPs Not Filtering Viruses:"
A major US ISP which is a subsidiary of a foreign corporation hosts a US government operation to monitor *all* traffic handled by the ISP at a central network operations center. This operation was set up as a condition for the foreign corporation to acquire the ISP and as far as known is not the result of a court order. No officer or employee of the foreign corporation or the ISP subsidiary has access to or control over the operation. Traffic
is monitored by personnel who have security clearances for handling confidential information acquired by monitoring. Streaming data may be searched for key words or other information, collected and transmitted to the sponsoring agency
for analysis and evaluation.
The representative claims that another US government surveillance activity set up after September 11 is for ISPs to host sites set up to offer information likely to be sought by terrorists, such as detailed airline schedules or other dangerous information. The logs of access to these sites are copied to CDs daily and sent to the supervising agency. ISP personnel are forbidden to monitor the sites or examine the logs. Numerous US ISPs are allegedly involved in this activity. As far as known this activity is not the result of a court order.
Cryptome would appreciate learning more about such non-court-ordered governmental Internet monitoring for publication. In particular, leads on information on the central monitoring operation at the foreign-owned ISP -- which sounds like a description of Verio, Cryptome's host, now owned by Japan's NTT Corporation. At the time of NTT's purchase of Verio, there were news reports
of FBI objection to the sale unless arrangements were made to prevent foreign espionage and to avoid interference with lawful interceptions.
Anonymous contributions welcomed. Encrypt if preferred. Public key on Cryptome home page.

@_date: 2002-01-12 01:59:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
If you've been to Israel you would know that statements like
that attributed to Sharon are fairly common. It's part of the
nation's cultural hyperbole to overstate with ironic humor
the mixed message sent to Israel by the US and by Israel to
the US. Samples:
"The US needs us more than we need them."
"Jews in America wouldn't survive without Israel to protect
"Without Israel the US would have to invent its own enemies."
"American Jews have no place to call their own except Israel."
"The US would have little to hate if not for Israel."
"Israel's nation building helps the US warn Afro-Americans."
And many very vulgar, very funny variations. US immigrants are shocked at the very idea of hard-earned superiority, coming late to black humor of the your home is our homeland game (rather forgetting the US hard-fought precursor to
steal America and impose leastworthy European subculture;
thankfully being slowly upgraded by the Mayan and Asian influx).

@_date: 2002-01-12 18:35:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Israel Kills Palestinian Boys For Organs!!! 
More Israeli deathshead humor, confirming what Marine
snipers are told to get them to actually shoot a cross-haired
human laughing head: "You are criminals, yes, this is coldstone
murder, get used to it or you'll be cleaning greasetraps."
Takes mere weeks of training to overcome centuries of civilized
prohibitions against admitting your culture's vile practices. Or watching Israeli comics. Like our own CIA Comic who mocks 50 years of wet work, iconized headshot horny presidents a favorite of intel retreats.
Still, the comical Israeli hardhearts got a long way to go to
catch up with what gets regularly puked here, the nuking, the
sarining, the jiving about killing pols, the wanking about
excluding the differently disabled and disgusting for being
too similar to oneself.
One thing we can learn from the Israeli national self-mortification
to con the rubes into believing the situation is desparate, is to
go berzerk now and then, blow away some innocents, claim they
were violating the property we stole from them to protect it for
our people's children's future. You know, be a law enforcer

@_date: 2002-01-14 13:31:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: When prisoners of war aren't even close. (Was: RE: Rogue 
Despite what has been promoted by the media (and orchestrated
leaks to it by the US and UK):
1. No definitive link between Al Qweda and the 911 attackers/Moussaoui has been proven; only assertions have been to date.
2. Nor any proven link of the attackers to the Taliban, the ruling government of Afghanistan with whom the US and other governments had been engaging
in regular diplomatic relations.
3. Most if not all prisoners of war held by the US served under the
Taliban, not
Al Qaeda.
4. There is more evidence for punishing the US military and homeland for
directly training and arming the Murrah Building attackers and instigating the
attack than
there is for punishing the Taliban and Al Qaeda.
5. Defining enemies of the US is and has been a role of US media for longer
than we want to believe due to our having no access to secret information
upon which national defense policy is made until, at best, long after the US
has deliberately misled its poplulace with biased and misinforming news
reports, leaks and official statements.
6. The US is not alone in keeping its citizenry and some of its governing
misinformed, allegedly in the national interest.
7. The US lacks a mechanism such as the British Parliament to question its
ruling Taliban; the media claims this role for itself but does not do what it
is specially privileged to do, particularly in times of war and variations on
alleged national emergencies, primarily because much of the media is
organized to distribute simple-minded entertainment matters based on
a flood of custom-made delivery mechanisms -- press releases, conferences,
salons, din-dins, retreats, pillow talk, temporary service in minor roles in government and study groups.
8. As we see here virtually all the time, debate never exceeds what the
debaters have read, seen and heard of media output, except in the
rare cases of original research, and even then, until the research is
valorized by media coverage nobody pays attention to it.
9. There were times early on when the list offered original material
on a fairly regular basis, from subscribers or from anonymous
contributors; occasionally that still occurs, but mostly we enjoy
eating and arguing about fake food.
10. These points are well-worn and have no original content; this
is known as the American Way in the US, in Afghanistan the Taliban,
elsewhere called what fundamentalism sells bibles and advertising.

@_date: 2002-01-16 15:18:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Al Qaeda Crypto 
The Wall Street Journal today reports today on alleged
Al Qaeda computer files bought from a seller in Kabul which were encoded and encrypted.
A key encrypted document reports on a tour assessing
terrorist targets in Egypt and Israel, very similar to the alleged travels of Richard C. Reid.
The type of encryption is not identified, nor who provided
help cracking the encryption with "an array of high-speed
computers programmed to crack passwords."
The computer contents included:

@_date: 2002-01-17 21:40:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: password-cracking by journalists... 
This is from the UK Independent today:
How they cracked the terrorists' code=20
Getting to the heart of the documents contained in
the al-Qa'ida computer =AD bought by chance by the
Wall Street Journal's reporter in Kabul =AD meant
cracking the encryption of Microsoft's Windows
2000 operating system installed on the machine,
which had been used to protect the data.=20
That is not a trivial task. Microsoft will only say
that if you lose the password that controls entry to
a Windows 2000 system, your best option is to
remember it =AD or simply to wipe the machine and
start again. And its Encrypting File System (EFS),
which had been used to encode the files, is just as
But the files were too valuable for that. Instead,
the team embarked on the task of breaking
through the encryption, which jumbles the
contents of the files so that even someone reading
the individual bytes of data stored on the actual
hard disk (rather than trying to access them
through the operating system, which had locked
them out) would simply find rubbish.=20
Cracking the encryption meant finding the digital
"key" that had previously been used to unlock it.
That was not stored in any readable file on the
machine, for it was itself encrypted.=20
The only way to reproduce it was to generate the
key from first principles: by trying various
combinations of random bits and trying to
decrypt the file with them, and seeing if it
produced sense =AD or gibberish.=20
Luckily, the PC had a version of Windows 2000
with an "export-quality" key =AD only 40-bits long,
rather than the "US" quality, which being 128-bits
long would have been billions of times harder to
Even so, it took the equivalent of a set of
supercomputers running for five days, 24 hours a
day, to find the key. But find it they did.=20
The irony that the terrorists used a product made
by one of the US's biggest corporations to
protect plans it was making against it may not be
lost on an administration that recently relaxed rules
on the export of "strong" encryption. Tighter
controls may follow.=20
By Charles Arthur=20
[End excerpt]

@_date: 2002-01-18 14:14:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: One arms violent people with weapons 
In addition to the 13 main US intelligence agencies, every government department, independent agency and special commission has an intelligence function. These units
may be formally listed but are more oftenincluded in the legal counsel and security elements of the organization.
Regular liaison with the main intelligence agencies is provided. There are exchanges of personnel with the intel
agencies, for specific operations and for training. Intel
officers serve in these organizations domestically and
overseas, sometimes with the knowledge of other
members of the units but often only with the knowledge
of the unit's legal and/or security officers.
Similarly, specialists from these units are assigned to
intel agencies for duty when there is a need for their
expertise, and intel officers are assigned to the units
when there is a need for special intelligence or for
counterintelligence -- and when there is a need for
deniability for either or both the unit and the IC.
NASA has one of the largest intelligence operations,
and there are substantial intel units in Agriculture, Commerce (including BXA, NIST and more), Labor, Justice (in addition to FBI), FAA, FCC, NTSB and so on. Advisory panels and technical advicory
committees customarily have as members or staff
intel officers or reporting agents.
Substantial intelligence operations also occur at the
state and municipal levels and are linked to the federal
by a variety of programs. More in educational and
religious institutions. There are tens of thousands
of former and current intel and military employees
working in private industry who remain sources of
Tis a vast apparatus operating well beyond the cover
story of the famous 13. How far it extends into the
private sector is a most interesting question, sometimes
examined here but not as much as it deserves, since
we abide the enlightened self-inerest that private nefarium and dastardy is richly rewarding business so long as gov and competitors can be blamed for treachery and betrayal.

@_date: 2002-01-17 18:06:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Responsibility. 
Threats of violence here should not be taken seriously, except as
literary outbursts. They are a pressure-relieving belly-bump of the list, not unlike screaming "kill" at a sports event or in military training or as children scream fighting over cop-daddy's Beretta (and as shown last night on CBS's playing a tape of Islamic children acting out their father's futile anger against the US).
In fact, most of us who call for killing are careful to state that the pretend murderous exhortations are a 1st Amendment speech privilege and should not be interpreted to be an illegal threat as Western Washington terrorism-enthralled imbeciles have done. That qualifier is a constant feature of this list and anybody who deliberately omits the qualifier is rightly considered to be an agent of the behavioral and linguistic authorities and deserves killing and worse, censoring, and the very worst, ostracizing, to invoke a comforting tantrics oft used here (say it, My Aggravator deserves killing, you'll feel a tingle where numbness once reigned).
Deserving targets include well-known, self-incriminated behavorial and linguistic governing agents Aimee Farr, Mattd, me, and now that I've carefully reviewed the evidence, all literate subscribers here who vaunt unmarked hegemonic
lingo of supremacy. Kill all those more vociferous than you, beginning with those attempt to quieten your drum beat.
You know I mean killing in the literary sense, to disagree
with at the top of your powers of distortion, to scream shut the fuck up, you're making more sense than me, in accord with this list's tough, no bullshit except my stinkfree bullshit enforcement policy, faux sans moderation version.

@_date: 2002-01-18 23:20:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Disease vectors. 
Au contraire, the spread of intelligence disease since 1947 requires
strong antidotes. The disease has infected all aspects of US culture,
and a symptom of the disease is to hide its pervasiveness, to cloak
its widespread propagators with moans of "you only know of our
failures, we cannot tell of our successes," "leaks of classified
information puts intel officers and agents lives at risk," "if we
had more field officers working with unsavory agents the US would
be safer," "the return of authorization for assassination and other
criminal acts must be done now," and so on.
You, Aimee, exhibited one of the chronic symptoms by blaming the
perdurable co-conspirator, the Russians, for what ails US intelligence,
and they dutilfully return the favor. Meanwhile, smarter people outwit
the supposedly best and brightest, and the principal way that is done
is by limiting the cult of secrecy to essential information and not
applying it to the protection and concealment of a corrupt way of life.
That insularity of privileged ignorance is the disease and it is increasingly a sickness of many societies. Bear in mind that sufferers of the disease
will kill to keep information away from the people who pay the killers.
Intelligence functions more like a hidebound religion, with arcane
rituals and vows of fidelity and secrecy, than it does as an intelligent
operation producing believable intelligent information.
Two generations of Americans have been mentally destroyed by the
US intelligence apparatus and its crippling belief that most Americans
are too untrustworthy to tell what they need to know to protect
To be sure, this disease is not limited to the US, and the US is far
from being the only nation that spreads the infection by underhanded means, but for now it is the prime disease carrier of what is
aggressively termed the American way, or more corruptly, the
law according to who has the biggest guns. Without those guns
intelligence could be erased with aspirin. Intelligence is principally the manufacture of biased information,
and it is no wonder that the IC bristles at not being believable,
as if reputation was everything.

@_date: 2002-01-20 20:05:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: More clueless news forwardings 
Now, Aimee, you must know that intelligence officers and
agents are not required to obey the law in any country, so
forget about anybody here registering to steal national
secrets. An there are no national borders in this hutch,
so forget about pigeonholing posters by what you see in
the return address, which is likely forged in any case.
Seems to me, with full respect for your offline credentials, that
not much of what you offer here is applicable. On the assumption
that your online credentials are forged, your e-identity is deceptive,
and your cyber-intentions vile and suspect, all well-known attributes
of this non-nation of non-entities, what you got to prove that you
are not a teen-age law enforcement liar hardup for leads to
feed your inferiors, competing against hordes of us banging
out fictional allegations and resume paddings.
One thing you got to watch for is writing clearly, it betrays a
weakness for orderliness, a desire to impose rectitude: nobody does that who's up to undermining the superminders. You stand out for overly meticulous spell-chceking two.

@_date: 2002-02-25 00:32:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Was Pearl Sacrificed by the Patriotic WSJ? 
Meet the Press, today:
  MR. RUSSERT: The Wall Street Journal provided the
Defense Department a hard-drive computer disk at the end
of last year which had valuable information. Do you think
theres any connection between the paper providing that
computer disk and the kidnapping of Daniel Pearl?
  SEC. RUMSFELD: I dont. I think youre quite right,
The Wall Street Journal was enormously helpful by
purchasing, and then discovering, on this used laptop, that it
had a great deal of information that would be helpful from
an intelligence standpoint. They did provide it to us. Were
appreciative of that.    But my impression is that what took place with respect
to Mr. Pearl was really more opportunistic; that these
people were looking for people they could grab, and they
found him, and tricked him into moving into a location that
they were able to seize him.
[Minutes later] ...
  MR. RUSSERT: So categorically, Secretary of
Defense Donald Rumsfeld will not allow the Pentagon to
put out any false press releases, any disinformation here or
  SEC. RUMSFELD: This department and these people
are not involved, and I am not involved, in putting out
information to the American people or to foreigners that is
untruthful.

@_date: 2002-02-04 17:10:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Raise the Fist Warrant and Affidavit 
Thanks to Brian McWilliams, we offer the Raise the Fist
Search Warrant and FBI Affidavit:
  The young target is made to sound fearsome, well beyond
militant, quite far into the headlights of Ashcroft's and Mueller's
career careening.
The affidavit is a model for the also young Special Agent who
is far along into a specialty of terrorism, weapons of mass
destruction, threatening of government officials, protection
of capitalist conclaves, computer and Internet jargon, methods
of recovering hidden and encrypted data, sweeping subject
premises of likely repositories of digitized criminal evidence,
prolonging temporary theft of personal property to punish the
suspect, and geneally showing that the boom in MIB will
pump billions into the bloated criminalization of the digital
As evidenced here, money to be made from churning these
youngsters enthusiasms, not yet as much as stinky-geez
national security but soon as DoJ oils the legal crime of
Homelanding DoD.

@_date: 2002-02-04 22:12:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: encrypted data means Feds steal your computer forever? 
Yes, this is an affirmation that encrypted data is a sign of
guilt until law enforcement determines that it is not, that is,
when the data has been decrypted and evaluated. It is not
a far step to also claim that use of encryption devices and programs, passwords and biometrics, would also be signs
of guilt of a suspect until proof of innocence is provided that satisfies authorities.
I do not know what legal authority there is for holding onto
encrypted data that cannot be shown by law enforcement to be any of the five things listed in the FBI affidavit. Mere
encryption is not a crime, is it?
This development is similar to anti-circumvention provisions
of the DMCA in that innocent circumvention is by definition
not acceptable to copyrighted content authorities.
This demonization of encryption and circumvention until they
have been exorcised by official and commercial authorities is similar to the provision which allows the NSA to collect and retain encrypted communications forever, even that of US Persons, no matter what purpose unerlies encryption use,
though collection of non-encrypted communications of US Persons is proscribed.
This open-endedness of stigmatizing crypto is diabolically
wondrous, for it places the burden of innocence on anyone who attempts to exclude oversight of authorities of personal
information. And reminds of the terrible deeds of the medieval church -- spying, ratting and testifying on neighbors, inquisition, torture, execution of those who defied supreme authority, not by
physical actions but by words of dissent, words plainly
understood in comparison to the arcane Latin of the secret
keepers of privilege, luxury and perquisites.
Try to imagine that all national security information was open
from birth and only became secret by common judgment of
its value, rather the reverse policy now in effect by which a
small cadre of secrecy priests maintain a cloaked procedure
for deciding what the citizenry can know. And that anyone
who defies this culture of secrecy shall be considered guilty
before trial and public judgment.

@_date: 2002-02-06 17:19:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jei & game theory 
Bear in mind, that earning *plonks* now and then helps keep
the quality of the discourse high, and avoids the chilling effect of
moderation and censorship and obedience enforcement by plonkers
who may enjoy a bit too much comforting exchanges and whacking
misbehavers. Whacking, note, not killing -- that's a different kind of
sheep herding and culling.
An admirable quality of excellent discourse is to not need minders,
rather to allow minds to do their weirdnesses in full bore challenge
from unfetteredness.
Sure discord and bitching breaks out about the loudmouths and
longwinds, but mostly from those suffering the same closedness
of desire for a perfectly focussed discourse, without noise, pure
signal, exact fine-tuned control of the dials to not miss a single emission of Oracleness.
And, to leave no emission unchallenged, game theory is always
rigged to win.

@_date: 2002-02-06 17:20:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Conversation: Siva Vaidhyanathan -- Life in a Distributed Age 
Conversation: Siva Vaidhyanathan -- Life in a Distributed Age
Wednesday, February 6, 2002
5:30 PM
room: 210
Vanderbilt Hall
40 Washington Square South
New York, NY 10012
The Information Law Institute presents a lecture by Siva Vaidhyanathan, author of "Copyrights and Copywrongs: The Rise of Intellectual Property and How It Threatens Creativity." The talk will examine a series of conflicts
between models of distributed information and centralized information regulation. The Napster battle serves as the first case study. It then considers a series of seemingly disparate examples of similar tensions and clashes, including encryption, secrecy, privacy, and security. The talk argues that we must take a systemic view of such conflicts and discuss ways to preserve democratic processes that depend on relatively open information systems. The presentation will be followed by a discussion with Helen Nissenbaum and members of the
Cryptome/Cartome will cover this event. If you attend hit us up for free
drink and food afterward.

@_date: 2002-02-06 16:47:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Conversation: Siva Vaidhyanathan -- Life in a Distributed Age 
Conversation: Siva Vaidhyanathan -- Life in a Distributed Age
Wednesday, February 6, 2002
5:30 PM
room: 210
Vanderbilt Hall
40 Washington Square South
New York, NY 10012
The Information Law Institute presents a lecture by Siva Vaidhyanathan, author of "Copyrights and Copywrongs: The Rise of Intellectual Property and How It Threatens Creativity." The talk will examine a series of conflicts
between models of distributed information and centralized information regulation. The Napster battle serves as the first case study. It then considers a series of seemingly disparate examples of similar tensions and clashes, including encryption, secrecy, privacy, and security. The talk argues that we must take a systemic view of such conflicts and discuss ways to preserve democratic processes that depend on relatively open information systems. The presentation will be followed by a discussion with Helen Nissenbaum and members of the
Cryptome/Cartome will cover this event. If you attend hit us up for free
drink and food afterward.

@_date: 2002-02-06 20:18:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: list spam, game theory, etal. 
I agree that abuses occur, having done that myself overmuch,
but abuses are hardly limited to the current practitioners,
those long reputable and not so much.
And nasty, prolonged personal attacks are a pain to
the target, a pleasure to the attacker, and ho-hum to
bystanders -- except those who enjoy watching others
squirm and act like assholes in lieu of participating
as pitcher and catcher.
According to the evidence regularly displayed here
being an asshole is benefical therapy, as exhibited
by the artful and the clumsy, high-minded and vulgar.
Indeed, never being an asshole has consequences of
built-up spleen, maybe becoming murderous if the pressure
exceeds personal discipline or moral constraint. That's
why doting parents kill their kids, and idolized leaders push their followers into war. Too much acceptable
behavior drives the practitioner to forbidden vices.
Being attacked by an asshole has more subtle benefits,
one of them is that you get an education in adverse effects
of the vice self-defended as a virture; another of them is that you pick up pointers on how to misbehave, to define autoerotic perversity as tough love, and to term it socially acceptable disnomers: constructive critique, forebearance, tolerance, civilized, in the national interest. Though bemused observers can see the asshole is incapable of foregoing ecstatic licking its aperture and its issue.
This is not an example, show respect.
What is to be done with the abusers? Trick them into setting
up their very own website, mail list, forum, church, whorehouse,
pederasty, political party, secret society by unctuous advice
and praise of their genius, which would be best advanced in
distinguished splendor. Better, report their crimes to the
authorities, swear the lying truth, tut-tut the loss of their input,
cackle at their imprisonment, prepare for the next fools
too smart by half. Then as day of their release approaches check your locks at night, set the alarms, stroke your defenses, cold sweat who's coming to avenge your disdain for their gullibility.
Sly abusers know the gross abusers are out there sniffing for
tell-tale perfume of the goody-badhearts, and nothing can be done
but to nervously call for law and order just for the deceivers.
That's why all games, like governments and philosophies, must
be shell-rigged to win. As Lao Tsu said, don't compete when you can cheat, free world lockbox.

@_date: 2002-02-14 17:21:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: DC to get spycams --"no choice but to accept it" 
Bentham's Panopticon has beguiled watchers since its invention.
What the notion does is hypnotize the watchers into believing they
really do see everything, and this notion still inspires vast funding
for surveillance programs around the globe.
But those who are supposedly being watched can fairly quickly
learn that the watchers are drunkened by their surveillance
conceits, as prisoners did in Bentham's day, and devise means
and methods to hide in the inevitable gaps in oversight systems.
What surveillance systems do, and the more powerful the more
corrupting, is to lull the operators and the customers into diminished
awareness of human ingenuity and capability, literally becoming
numbed to daily challenges to keep senses alert and responsive
to new perceptions not known or understood at the time the
oversight systems were devised.
Another consequence of panopticonism is the heightened susceptibility of abuse, bribery, blackmail and coercion of the operators and the customers. As well as the production of
phony revelations and disinformation about the systems
capabilities and applicabilities.
Practitioners of panopticonism and counter-panopticonism
are at each others' throats with wild claims and counterclaims,
and the most common accusation is criminality, which may
be laughable in a field where criminality is by definition moot.
Panopticonists always presume to be above the law, asserting
that they serve to undergird law and its enforcement, and thus
must be free of law's constraints to assure that the outer limits
of law are protected.
Counter-panopticists hoot at this, for they know from field
experience how much the surveillists miss, then lie about.
Spying, intelligence, and their counters and customers are inheritors of Bentham's alluring scam.
Recall that Bentham's panopticon only works for believers
in an omniscient deity. And those who believe in arms laughed at Bentham's success with the credulous in getting them
to give up the fight without bearing arms.
As we know about contemporary surveillance systems: a large
percentage of them are dummies which work as well as the
semi-credible real things. Again, as with deities and satellites
and Wall Street offerings, not to mention in this holy cave,
strong crypto.

@_date: 2002-02-14 02:14:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Web Cache Mirror 
We had an e-mail exchange today with the FBI about
a bot coming to Cryptome daily to grab new files and
to check on old ones. We complained about the bot
taking over the site during its visit. The FBI explained that the visits are part of a "web cache mirroring process:"
  We would appreciate hearing of other sites being mirrored
by the FBI. The IP address range of the MAS program:
  65.207.53.xxx
We have no objection to the FBI mirroring or by anybody else,
but misconfigured bots have been an annoyance for repeatedly downloading old files, racking up tens of thousands error logs. One today produced over 16MB of log files before we got the user to wake up. Misconfigured WGet, as often, was the culprit.

@_date: 2002-02-14 02:52:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TLA Indexing and Mirroring 
To supplement the FBI bot message we note that
several TLAs and others visit each day to download
Cryptome home page, and sometimes individual
files. We assume the file listings are part of a general
Web gathering for internal distribtution. In the case of
NSA and the venerable bot of several years's almost
daily visits, it now just takes the home page and no
files. Later, various machines in the domain retrieve
files directly, that is bypassing the home page.
CIA began to visit daily recently, at least under an identifiable
domain name, ucia.gov. Before CIA visitors came via an
IP address not domain name. Not many files taken daily. But a few are taken directly after the bot visits.
Dozens from .mil daily and, once or twice a week, eop.gov. But never nro.mil or nro.gov, nor a visitor from fbi.gov.
The TLAs from other countries, what can be said of
them: they too are hungry for recognition after the years
of obscurity. It must be a bitch using anonymizers when
you ache for being noticed, like Hanssen and Ames and
all the others filled with hatred of spotlighted babbling
heads of agencies.

@_date: 2002-02-14 19:50:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USMS OK Disappear 
Recalling the way CJ, Sklyarov and others got lost
for unpredictable days of transport by US Marshals,
allegedly because of the practice of sending all prisoners
in transport to a cental facility in OK, we offer a transcript
of a detention hearing on Feb 7 for Sherman Austin, in
which his attorney argues for release due to that dreaded
method of losing prisoners to unnerve the victim and give the prosecution more time to ready for trial:
  The attorney also argued:
1. Austin was labelled a "terrorist" by his NY jailers, a mean-ass
bunch who relish hammering the foreign bombers under their TLC.
2. Sending Austin to OK with that label attached could put
him at risk from jailers and inmates located in a region
relishing memories of vengance for OKC.
3. Austin was freezing his ass off due to lack of heat,
clothing and bedding in his cell.
The attorney made a fair argument that the FBI's and USA's
affidavits and charges were crocks, but the judge wouldn't bite,
though he did order extra clothing for shivering Sherman.
She derided the FBI's warning to NYPD about Sherman being
a threat, and demolished the argument he was packing WMD
tools in the jalopy he drove from CA to NY.
Sherman was due for shipment to California yesterday, but
no word if that happened or if he's hunkering in OK from
raging Okies eager to lynch a genuine federally labelled anarchist terrorist, a radical kid from California to boot.

@_date: 2002-02-19 23:13:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
Lucky' right, there's no news in the story, except that
the story is a psyop itself.
Most of DoD's current psyop policy is summarized in
the Defense Science Board report, "The Creation and Dissemination of All Forms of Information in Support
of Psychological Operations (PSYOP) in Time of Military Conflict," May 2000:
  This report itself should also be seen as a psyop.
DoD's vast public relations office, really well funded,
perhaps the most luxurious in the USG, pumps out
huge volumes of true, partly true and false information.
It coddles and flatters the news media, provide perks
for journalists, editors and publishers from all around
the globe.
What it does best, though, is orchestrate selected news
leaks to prestigious media, sometimes directly, sometimes
through the defense industry, sometimes through academic
contractors; through legal and financial outlets, the intel community and its contractors, Congessional members, staff and DoD congressional liaisons; through defense and foreign policy NGOs; through VOAs, and through arrangements with book (novelists like Tom Clancy
in particular), movies, tv, radio, Internet and other media The public gush put out on the DoD Web site does not
reveal much, but does serve as a diverting cloak in making
you think they're a bunch of dolts. Much of psyops is aimed
at misleading consumers -- why else place the no-news item
being discussed as the leading story in the New York
A quick glance at the article will show the usual components
of a multi-faceted, orchestrated leak, of which there have
been hundreds in the US, UK and allied countries since
the murderous Afghan aggression began. The DSB psyop study
candidly states that the best way to leak one-sided policy
is to seduce prominent journalists, usually anti-military,
with astonishing revelations from the deepest of sources.
A gaggle of these stars were enlisted early in the war
to do the DoD dance; minor players got nothing.
Now that Bush is on a tear to keep the war machine busy
we should see a lot more astonishing revelations pushed
by star performers to sustain the richly-rewarding panic.

@_date: 2002-02-21 04:43:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Doomsday Shutdown 
New York is a world of fanciful invention of people
aching to be more important so bear this in mind.
A fellow this evening claimed to have been present
at the session when the US and the Soviets agreed to
detarget one another, at Bolling AFB, thus closing
down the Doomsday Scenario two generations lived
with, through various administrations of the US and
the Soviets.
What was interesting about this story was the behavior
of the US and Soviet military officers who had control
of the weaponry which could determine who lived and who died for some 50 years, and not the transient
officials who headed governments.
According to the person telling the story, the USAF
officer heading the US's MAD program told him the day of
detargeting was the happiest of his life.
The Soviet colonel general who came to the US to arrange
detargeting was found, again according to this eyewitness,
watching the I Love Lucy Show and laughing his ass off. Boots off, wearing mismatched socks, mouth filled
with golden teeth.
The Soviet colonel general was also said to be relieved
that the standoff was over at long last. And that it was now
time to construct retirement facilities for no longer needed MAD officers.
Is there any way this event's particular circumstances can be verified? That detargeting occurred is known, but what of
the main officers' thoughts about no longer being ready to
unleash the dreaded armaments year after year, and their
relief at the passing of the nearly unbearable responsibility?
This is well beyond what the physicists and engineers of
the weaponry have disclosed of their feelings. The handover
of the weapons to officers in the field, though supposedly
restrained by a battery of controls, does raise a question
of what it was like to be in command of the weapons, to
remain ready to launch them even if nations' leaders could
not order an attack.
Do physicists and behavioral scientists address the effect
of commanding horrific weaponry -- not that of the launch
officers in control of the keys, but that of the officers who
must decide to issue the orders of launch when there is
no higher authority to say do it now?
The person who told this story said the US officers in
command are southerners, mean sons of bitches who would
have no reservation in launching mass killing weaponry. This didn't ring true: why southerners and not any other American? And what of the claim that the officer in command
claiming detargeting was the happiest day of his life? Why
would launching not be that if he was a mean son of bitch?

@_date: 2002-02-22 18:35:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Auto Keys RNG 
It's been a while since automobile ignition key crypto was
discussed here. An update below from the NY Times.
And what effect on auto theft of the Datacard thievery Bill Stewart got differentialed by at RSA? On electronic
sneak attacks, there's a succinct description of NONSTOP,
HIJACK and TEAPOT thievery by way of violating encrypted cellphones toward the bottom of this page:
  If you lose the key for a new Lexus RX 300, one northern
Virginia dealer charges $300 for a replacement. Even for
a plain-jane Taurus, the price is $130 at a Ford dealer
here. Neither price is unusual. Dealers have the market
mostly to themselves; very few locksmiths or hardware
stores can copy the keys to late-model cars.
The technology is beyond their capabilities. For most new
cars, from the top of the price scale to the bottom, the key
is no longer a sliver of notched metal that simply works a
mechanical lock; it is now part of an electronic access
system, with computer- encoded passwords worthy of
James Bond.
Colloquially, the new keys are said to have a computer
chip inside. Actually, the head of the key contains a tiny
robot radio that communicates with the car. Their
electronic handshake may include 19 digits, which allows
10 billion-billion combinations.
While this makes life more complicated for car owners, it
poses a bigger hurdle for car thieves, who so far have not
caught up. The new keys have helped to slash the theft rate
on some models by 90 percent.
The technology differs among manufacturers, but all are
similar. At the heart of the system is a tiny electronic
device embedded in the head of the key. This device,
called a transponder, is essentially a radio that responds
to a query from another radio.
In older systems, the car sends a question and the key
gives a fixed answer. In newer models, Mr. Sabetti said,
the car has a random number generator, sending a different
message each time the key is inserted.
"When the random number is sent to the key head, the key
modifies it in a way that would only be known to the
vehicle," he said. The answer from the key "has virtually
no relationship to the message sent to the key in the first
place," he said, or at least none that an electronic
eavesdropper could discern. To anyone who intercepted
the electronic message, "it would look like garbage," he
Moving to the transponder system has had several effects.
One is to cut out locksmiths. "It can run up to $50,000 for
the equipment to duplicate the keys for cars," said Randy
L. Simpson, president of the Associated Locksmiths of
America, a trade association based in Dallas. And that is
for each manufacturer; equipping a shop to make keys for
all car brands would be well beyond the means of most
For example, on a 2001 Ford Taurus, the car can "teach" a
key the proper code. But it is built to do so only if the
technician starts the car with one of the keys that came
with the vehicle, turns it off, starts the car with the second
key that came with the vehicle, turns it off, and then inserts
the new key  with the metal shaft mechanically cut and
the transponder unprogrammed and awaiting instructions.
General Motors' keys have a mere 137 billion possible
combinations, and a dealer can make a copy with only one
of the factory- original keys to work with. But they have
another refinement; the systems recognize the difference
between a full-access key and a "valet" key that will start
the car but cannot be used to "teach" a new key the car's
combination, said David T. Proefke, engineering group
manager for vehicle security.
But however good the system is, Mr. Simpson of the
locksmiths association said this was not the last step in
car security. "They haven't defeated it yet," he said. "But
I'm sure it's just a matter of time."

@_date: 2002-02-23 18:23:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Was Pearl Sacrificed by the Patriotic WSJ? 
The NY Times followup of the WSJ's Richard Reid report noted that
the computer on which Reid's travel account was found contained
some 1500 files, and that other stories were likely to come from
those files. Recall that some computer files had been decrypted and some not yet.
Though not reported, I assume that the WSJ was being given
decryptions selectively if the decrypt was being done by the
USG or USG contractors. And like most of relying on cryptographers,
reporters and translators having to trust the information. (The WSJ never disclosed who was doing the decrypts.) What else was being found in the decrypts other than what the Journal was given and what was reported of that in its one story is unknown.
However, there's a good chance that Pearl was following up
on some of that privileged information in his Reid investigation,
and some of that may have dealt with Pakistan's intelligence
services. Or the PK intel boyos suspected that.
And whoever once owned the computer, or those who worried
about what was in its files, could badly have wanted to know
what was being learned from decrypts. Or if nothing else would
like to know if the WSJ story was a rabbit set out to snare
A few days after the WSJ Reid story was published about the
encrypted files I wrote one of the reporters to inquire about the type of encryption used and who was doing the decrypts. He answered quickly that he was in transit but would be pleased to answer questions once stationary. Nothing has been heard from him since then, and Pearl's kidnapping a few days later could have killed any prospect of getting answers, what with WSJ HQ (and who knows who else) putting a lock on Finally, the two reporters of the January 16 Reid story, Alan
Cullison and Andrew Higgins, seem to have disappeared, by whom who knows. And whither the balance of those 1500 files? And were they real or phony?

@_date: 2002-02-23 17:25:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Was Pearl Sacrificed by the Patriotic WSJ? 
For comprehensive listing of press coverage of Daniel Pearl after his 23 January kidnapping by the South Asian Journalists Association (though little about the period before  the kidnapping):
  Linked from the SAJA site, a February 2, 2002, interview of ex-CIA officer Robert Baer on global intelligence agencies' use of journalists: "WNYC On the Media: Ex-CIA agent says
Pearl is no spy:"
  From Editor and Publisher, February 8, 2002:
  Back at The Wall Street Journal, Byron Calame, a deputy   managing editor, told E&P that many in the newsroom do not
  know exactly what is happening with the Pearl case because   such information is being kept under tight control.
From New York Observer, February [?], 2002:
  This internal ignorance is partially due to the WSJs own   strategy of keeping any company decisions related to Mr.
  Pearl very close to the vest. To date, there have been no   meetings with reporters in the New York offices to talk   about Mr. Pearl, no group discussions to air things out.   The last official memo sent was on Friday, Feb. 8, by   Journal managing editor Paul Steiger and Dow Jones   chief executive Peter Kann. The company has continued   to hold its cards close: It has limited access to Mr. Steiger
  who is slated to accept an award on Thursday, Feb. 21,   for "Editor of the Year" by the National Press Foundation   in Washington, D.C.
February 21 is the date of news release of the Pearl killing tape. Don't know if Steiger got his award.

@_date: 2002-02-23 13:54:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Was Pearl Sacrificed by the Patriotic WSJ? 
This is not what I've heard and read from a number of journalists, and the Journal's own reporters of the Reid story had qualms. As reported in the NY Times:
  Asked if there had been dissent from Mr. Cullison or Mr. Higgins,   the [WSJ spokesman] said: "There was discussion with the reporters   about this. No reporter would want to be in a position of freely handing   things over to the government. This was a national security issue, a   major issue, an are-lives-at-stake issue."
The last sentence is WSJ editorial-speak for self-importance, and
likely not shared by the two journalists who had to understand
the personal and professional consequences for them. To be sure
their protest may have been pro forma professional quisling, but
their risk in Central Asia was real.
So, no Declan, you are wrong in invoking the unwarranted
personal exculpation of "what everyone else would do." Though that invocation of crowd reveals a clue what you would do, have done, will do. On Pearl's Jewishness, that does seem to have been a reason
to kill him, and for the killers it is a political rationale. Whether that was the reason to kidnap him has not been demonstrated.
What is of interest is the way the personal tragedy is being used
to camouflage and direct public attention away from the political aspects of what was a political kidnapping and murder. As the
Journal would say, "this was a national security issue, a major issue, an are-lives-at-stake issue."
This personalization technique is traditionally used in such situations to make the perps appear demon for killing our boys
our women and children, as with the entire 911 affair and
subsequent greater savagery in Afghanistan. The sappy coverage of the Pearl killing by the Journal is hardly the quality the paper is known for, and appears to be a ploy to deflect attention from political ramifications of a scheme gone
awry, standard psyop when taking sides is the name of the game, not objective reporting. Standard exculpation of complicity. Standard demogoguery of the patriots when
bodes come home in bags.

@_date: 2002-02-23 00:14:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Was Pearl Sacrificed by the Patriotic WSJ? 
Cryptome is looking for news coverage of links among the following events leading up to Daniel Pearl's kidnapping and On January 16, 2002, the Wall Street Journal published a report "Account of Spy Trip on Kabul PC Matches Travels of Richard Reid." The report said a document describing Reid's trip was shared with the US government officials, and that encrypted parts of the document were decrypted with assistance of unnamed parties.   Shortly afterwards the Journal was publicly thanked by the Defense Department for sharing the information. The Journal
claimed it was doing its patriotic duty.
On January 21, 2002, the New York Times published "Why Reporters' Discovery Was Shared With Officials," which examined possible consequences of journalists sharing information with officials, one of which was the prospect of endangering reporters suspected of being government agents.   When the CIA is asked the about use of journalists as agents, the agency answers that it continues a policy which reserves that right. On January 23, 2002, Daniel Pearl went to a meeting arranged to investigate Richard Reid and was kidnapped. The kidnappers claimed Pearl was an intelligence agent; the Journal has denied it.

@_date: 2002-02-24 15:57:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: WSJ Encrypted Laptop 
We've noted here the rise in "lost" and "stolen" laptops
containing sensitive and classified information. First,
one or two disappeared while a spook was drunk or
was left behind in a taxi or taken from an unidentified Then amazing reports of more losses, the number rising quickly, finally with surveys revealing hundreds of laptops have been lost by spooks, cops, senior officals, nuclear labs, state departments, and so on. Now and then encryption
is mentioned.
We can see that the lost laptop, and its recent corollary,
the discovered laptop, has become as useful for disinformation
as what is being found in newly revealed secret archives
like those reported today in the Wash Post, "Spies, Lies and
the Distortion of History:"
To be sure, the flood of lost laptops both diminishes the
credibility of what is on the laptops and increases it. One way
to increase credibility is to claim files are encrypted.
What we also know is that encrypted files are now a leading
indicator of credibility, along with the shadowy and enticing
methods used to decrypt by unidentified parties, and to then
carefully distribute the decrypted, authenticated thereby,
if demonized, material.
Whether there is actually sensitive material in the demonized
files is hard to determine so long as access to the original
files, and a credible account of how they were comeby is
not made available. As with the long history of astonishing
revelations of secrets, lies and videotapes.
Moving to a related topic, is the use of the Internet for
leaking and/or psyopping disinformation, in particular
the use of honeypots.
Cryptome is occasionally charged with being a honeypot,
and it could be, wittingly so if we are succesful in putting
up lurid material to bring in more luridities. A question though is what information is being gathered by Cryptome honeypot? The access logs, the pattern and content of publication, the receipt of hot material, the distribution of lies and deceptions? And if these are the profits of the honeypot how is the data collection about them being We dream of being able to watch the honeypot harvestors
at work, which accounts for admitting to running a honeypot,
our lost laptop if you will. This hoary rabbit-running practice,
you being the rabbit, as we see here with several practitioners,
carries a Daniel Pearl-like risk. You may well lose your head
to somebody who believes you are a wolf not merely a

@_date: 2002-02-24 14:37:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ Encrypted Laptop 
According to the report below, the WSJ hired its own
computer consultant to examine the Al Qaeda laptop.
But there is no mention of the consultant helping with However, this report is referring to a December 2001 story by Cullison and Higgins, not the January 16 story which describes Richard Reid's travels and encrypted Both Alan Cullison and Andrew Higgins have each had
one report in the WSJ since the Jan. 16 story. Perhaps
they are working on a report of the balance of the
files on the laptop.
Oddly, a WSJ-online search does not turn up the January
16 story, though dozens of other stories on Reid and
Pearl are listed before and after that story. That may be
due to a limit on the search.
Someone sent a link to a Slate story about UPI helping
the military:
The Boston Phoenix, January 3-10, 2002
How the Journal got Al Qaeda's computers  By Dan Kennedy
This past Monday's Wall Street Journal led with an astounding story about a personal computer that had apparently been used by Al Qaeda terrorists to plot the September assassination of Northern Alliance leader Ahmed Shah Massoud. The computer's hard drive also reportedly contained bioterrorism information and a 23-minute video clip of Osama bin Laden denouncing the United States and enthusing over the September 11 attacks.
How the computer came to be acquired by the Journal
is a pretty amazing story in itself.
The article by staff reporters Alan Cullison and
Andrew Higgins offers a few details. A "Journal
reporter" purchased the IBM desktop computer, as well
as a Compaq laptop, in Kabul for a total of $1100 after
being told that they had been looted from an Al Qaeda
office following a US bombing raid. The article goes
on to say that US officials confirmed the authenticity
of the files, "and say they provide a trove of
information about the inner workings of the secretive
Intrigued, I sent e-mails to both reporters. Cullison, the
paper's Moscow correspondent, temporarily ensconced
in Washington, wrote back within a few hours.
"I was in need of a computer, because the one that the
Wall Street Journal issued me was smashed when the
car I was taking over the Hindu Kush Mountains lost
its brakes and rolled," Cullison said. "I was looking for
one, and was much more interested in this laptop and
the hard drive [from the IBM] when I heard it was used
by al Qaeda."
The Journal's foreign editor, John Bussey, says that
Cullison had been covering the Northern Alliance for
about a month and a half when his computer was
destroyed. Several weeks ago, after the liberation of
Kabul, Bussey says Cullison went computer shopping
and was told that the IBM and the Compaq had been
used in the headquarters of bin Laden's chief strategist,
Mohammed Atef, who died in a bombing raid in
November. Cullison purchased the equipment and was
reportedly able to determine rather quickly that there
was at least some evidence on the IBM's hard drive
that Al Qaeda files were indeed present.
At that point, Bussey says, Journal editors realized they
had to notify the US government. "Who knows?
Maybe there's a calendar of upcoming events," Bussey
explains. The Journal negotiated with the Department
of Defense to turn over the computers in Kabul the
next day. Before the handover, Bussey says, Cullison
and Higgins managed to copy the contents of the IBM
hard drive onto Journal equipment, although they were
unable to get past the Compaq's password-protection
Working with the copied contents of the hard drive,
Cullison, Higgins, translators, and a computer expert
hired by the Journal spent eight days combing through
the files and preparing Monday's story. Defense
Department officials, meanwhile, verified the
authenticity of those files. The Compaq, though,
yielded nothing: government computer experts were
able to crack the password, but reported that all the
files had been erased.
"Sometimes chance and happenstance play an
incredible part in an incredible story," Bussey says.
So will there be more from the Al Qaeda computer
files? "I'll tell you later on," Bussey says, then adds
that he wants the Journal's computer expert to take
another look at the Compaq: "Is the laptop stuff really
erased? We'll have to see."

@_date: 2002-02-28 13:23:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Michael Dell's statement about suspicious orders 
Michael Dell's statement is a more grievous attack
on civil liberties than the original it tries to apologize
It is inappropriate for a company to engage in the range of considerations for domestic, non-export
use of a product Dell outlines unless the company
has made those considerations publicly known, and
law substantiates the restrictions. Patriotism and
information warfare are insufficient reasons.
Perhaps Dell has been covertly deputized to perform
this role but it is more likely that it has taken it on
in the same way ISPs and a slew of other zealously
patriotic companies and individuals have chosen
to put government interests ahead of customer and citizen privacy. Dell's apology is a shallow cover-up of a deeper cover-up. It is likely there will be more of these as exhortations increase to take commercial advantage of inflamed panic over homeland security, demonstrated by Cheney's speech in California a few days ago and the global security summit upcoming in NYC in early March. Read the list of 77 speakers and corporate
sponsors to see who is throwing fuel on the fire and
anticipating firefighting:
  Note the inclusion of privacy as the bait for the switch.
What to brace for are more incidents which will justify a
united front of government and corporate assault on
civil liberties as the terrorism machine generates
lucrative economic apologies for boom time.

@_date: 2002-02-28 14:18:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Recruiting Agents 
Dell's admission of vetting customer use of its
products on behalf of domestic and national security,
raises the issue of who else is doing that.
About ten days ago I got a telephone message from
a person who claims to work for a major ISP as a sysadmin. This person had previously disclosed the ISP's cooperation
with federal authorities to run a nationwide surveillance
system from a central hub of the ISP, claiming that the
system was set up under a memorandum of understanding
when the ISP was bought by a foreign corporation. We've
published this allegation on Cryptome.
We returned the call and talked about twenty minutes with
the person, who said that surveillance of the Net is increasing rapidly over what he had said earlier. Then
came a pitch that I get on board by vetting information
sent to Cryptome with federal authorities if I thought
there might be a threat to national security.
The pitch got intense.The person asked if I had criminal background. I said no. Did I believe the US had enemies.
I said yes. Did I believe it was my responsibility to protect
the nation. I said maybe. Was it not wise to report threats
to the nation to authorities? I said no, it was wise to report
them to the public so it could protect itself.
But, he said, don't you think the threats should be checked
with the authorities first? No, I said, it is not for me to
decide what is a threat and what is not, that my task is to
make information available and let readers decide.
Wouldn't you like to boost your authority, he said, by having
it supported by official authority? I said no, that I did not
want authority, that such authority is widely available for
those who want it from responsible sources. Instead, I
said, what is needed is more information not filtered by authorities or responsible sources.
Don't get me wrong, he said, I admire what you're doing
on Cryptome, and I wish I had your courage. Thanks, I
Still, he said, I think it would be a good idea for you to
establish an ongoing relationship with the authorities
so you don't get in trouble. No, I said, that is definitely
not something I want to do, for if I did that it would
be a betrayal of Cryptome readers.
You know, he said, I'm very troubled by what my company
is doing, but I think in times of danger we all have to do
what we can to protect the nation, and I think you should
get in touch with the authorities to be sure information
you get is okay to publish. No, I said, that's not for me,
what is needed in times of danger is more information
about how to protect yourself, and in times of danger
authorities are often a threat as great as what they
warn about.
How can you be sure of that, he said, I think you need
to talk to the authorities to be sure you know what the
threats are and what you are doing is okay. No, thanks,
I said.
Someday, he said, I hope I have your courage, but now
I have to think about my job. Agreed, I said, you should
do nothing that will put you in danger, don't jeopardize
you job and your family.
However, he said, I want you to think very carefully about
arranging to check with the authorities about information
to be published on Cryptome. Look, I said, the authorities
have more than adequate means to keep track of information going on Crypotme and they don't need my help.
But you need to protect yourself, don't you see, to be sure
that you are not entrapped by information sent to you
for that purpose. Agreed, I said, but we were told soon after
setting up Cryptome to expect entrapment efforts, so we
do, and the reason we don't claim authority is to be sure
readers know they have to protect themselves in the
same way we do. But wouldn't you like to be protected by the authorities,
to advocate to your readers that they do the same? No,
I said, that is the role of authorities and responsible
publishers, not Cryptome.
I think this conversation is like many going on around
the country, and shows how recruitment of agents is
being done. We'd like to publish such accounts, anonymized
or not.

@_date: 2002-03-27 03:54:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USA Filings in Visa Offshore Card Summons 
We offer about 70 pages of USA court filings in the
summons of Visa offshore card accounts:
  Declarations in support of the summons provide an
overview of what the US and allies believe to be a major threat to tax collection by use offshore bank accounts in these "jurisdictions" (heavily advertised on the Internet):
Antigua and Barbuda
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Cook Islands
Hong Kong
Isle of Man
Netherlands Antilles
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Turks and Caicos

@_date: 2002-03-17 21:54:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Interview with john zerzan 
An apt example of what it futilely attempts to criticize, "tame
and superficial," and only idiots, narcs and academics who used to hippies, or are kids of hippies, use the dismissive
"60s movement."
Beware "worsening situation of the existing order," for this
phrase the war wonks at DoD and NSC are obliged to repeat over loudspeaker in the Oval Office pissoir for figure-8-ing
the Ack-Ack-Piss Man.

@_date: 2002-03-17 21:29:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More Codex Docs 
Another batch of leaked Codex docs appeared last night,
the total is now about 140, with, as noted by Anonymous,
many of those being company business docs and fluff. A PowerPoint presentation on H.O.P.E. was among the   The HOPE program itself was not leaked, but perhaps will be
in the future. Mainly what a HOPE-rigged server does is conceal a DIRT tracking and reporting bug in deliberately publicized documents with snoop-appeal, called "dangles," to ensnare the unwary and to trace the distribution of the dangles as well as to assign an ID to every machine that handles the docs. These reports are sent to the dangler or Codex will offer that service.
In addition to thinking Codex leaked the docs to boost its
products, one might suspect documents of being dangles, and we have added a note to warn of that. So far nobody has found evidence of a planted bug to track the leaked
documents. Still, beware. And let us know if bugs are spotted.
We were not able to open the XLS docs and a few
others, which appear to have protection; however
with a hex editor we could see that the docs show who either bought Codex products or to whom proposals were made. They range from the New Jersey District Court Pre-Trial Services (perhaps related to the Scarfo case -- DIRT is
a possible candidate for the Scarfo keylogger), to the US government (mostly mil), to an Egyptian government technical research laboratory, to a variety of corporations and eduational institutions (all named). Some of these were DIRT customers, some for BAIT, an anti-theft computer tracking program. Once we get full access
we'll publish the names of DIRT customers.
The docs also describe Codex contracts with resellers
and partners in the US, Australia, Agentina and elsewhere, with profit-sharing arrangements and NDAs. We'll
publish this stuff once transcribed.
There's a slew of business plans and profit projections,
one 5-year projection is to nearly $300 million gross. However
they appear to be fund-raising fluff more than actual plans.
And most precede the collapse of digital boomtime.
As anonymous noted, a fair amount of the material seems
designed to exploit the gullible, with a fully panoply of security scare stories and promises of products to deal with any wet dream of intelligence and law enforcement
for ballooning budgets and preparing plans for defending
against imaginary enemies. Pretty well emulating the
digital security market as if Codex was avidly reading
this list.

@_date: 2002-03-15 16:27:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DIRT Enabled 
From anonymous:
14 March 2002
I read the story on theregister about DIRT with interest and followed the link to your site.
You might want to reconsider having the DIRT software available for download - I downloaded it earlier and it is pathetically easy to enable the software for full unlimited account use giving a trojan creation software.(Though having thousands of trojans out there may kick the virus companies into action)
To activate it without requirement for a dongle took about 20 minutes of basic examination and only 6 bytes of change were required.
The software seems to work by shoehorning in the file CORE.DAT to whatever executable is tagged for 'bugging'. Disassembly of that file and the associated coredll.dat reveals the keylogging routines.
[Transmittal of an enabled DIRT implementation.]
I've included the listings for the relevant files along with the
executables (they are labelled .lst in the main directory). The file "dummy1.lst" was created by
disassembling the included dummy.exe file after 'bugging' it. dummy.lst is the file
before bugging. In case you are wondering the name "Gary Colton" at the top of the listings
comes from the copy of IDA pro I used to have a look :-). Perhaps he should be credited
with their discovery :-)
Looking at the dates on the executables leads me to believe it may be an
old version of the code.
Basically unzip, using the directory paths included. The file cctray can
then be run and you can trojan/steal data/abuse human rights to your hearts content :-(
 (866KB)
[The program is provided for public benefit research. Use of trojans like
DIRT against other persons is immoral and illegal unless you are a government
Frank Jones, an ex-New York City policeman and DIRT's producer, was convicted of this crime.]

@_date: 2002-03-08 21:05:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: PGP Freeware Rules, Or Does It? 
The notion that access to source code for PGP Freeware
assures there's no nasties in it needs to be put to rest.
Now that that rationale is well-established as a ploy to divert attention from implementation weaknesses.
And, to be sure, that those implementation weakness are well-established as a ploy to foster the market for on-going security services that surpass a mere user's self-protection.
And, to be further sure, that it is well-established that
use of encryption is a red flag to attact TLAs, so you're fucked by friends and enemies alike.
What did you expect of a free lunch free ride freeware?
Cigs passed out on the street, or what. Too late, you're
addicted, and the cancer docs got your pass phrase.

@_date: 2002-03-06 18:28:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Frank L. Hagenbeck's Snuff Video 
Spectacular snuff on CBS this Sunday, showing the impact
and explosion of the first WTC missile. Body fragments show
up blue on spectragrams of the scene.
If you look carefully in the blocks surrounding WTC you can
find body bits: while most of those on the streets have been
consumed by rats, on the rooftops there are trading souvenirs.
Authentication is, as with all snuff, dicey. But faith works
wonders. The Catholic Church offers body parts of saints
in many faith-based panhandles, though the Muslims claim only one mummy of Mohammed under The Cube. For danger
documentarians the Temple on the Mount in Jerusalem is regularly washed with blood to assure verisimilitude. There's spillover all across the Holy Land to keep faith-raced newsreaders begging for more ghastly unsimulacra.
Did Hagenbeck choke or did he bestow "our hero" on the
quivering chunk, remembering 9/11 outpouring of grief
of relief at seeing for real what had been only a headfuck
at The Point and Carlisle Barracks and MegaPlex.

@_date: 2002-03-04 00:26:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Senate goes cypherpunk -- suitcase nukes, etc 
The closer Congress gets to investigating the failure of
all levels of government -- and its army of national security
and counterterrorism consultants -- to prevent 9/11 the more we see alarms being rung about terrible threats kept quiet
and imminent threats of disasters sure to come.
None of these officials, classified consultants and oversight
committtes are to be believed. What has changed since
9/11 is that the citizenry must take the domestic security load upon themselves, beginning with discounting the legacy sources of intelligence about the threats. The
past masters have demonstrated they knew squat about
the domestic threat, so enthralled they were with world
affairs, and that grand conceit is now leading national
security practitioners in the US and among its allies to treat their homelands as if indistinguishable from foreign enemies. They know not what else to do.
Best to lock the the frightened sonsabitches in secure bunkers for the duration, keep them oiled with the customary cognac of war game delirium. But do not rely on their
prognostications and promises of protection, or another
9/11 is sure to come, if not by them then from those who
believe what they believe about who should run the
It is now clear the Russians are now in on the deceit and
panic-mongering. And why not, for two generations they
colluded with the USA to keep the world terrified, and those
habits will not go away until the die-hards are dead.

@_date: 2002-03-04 00:16:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Don't panic the New Yorker sheeple, glowing soon 
Here's a handy guide to protecting yourself when the
government heads for, rather remains hidden in, its bunkers:
  Covers simple measures to take in nuclear, biological
and chemical attacks. Written by a USMC gunnery sergeant who trained troops in NBC protection, or so it claims.
Says nothing about protecting yourself from government, except to not believe the most of what you are told by For those of you who lived in the US from 1945 to now
there is nothing that can be done to correct what the
government did to you. Although DoJ on Thursday
extended the period when radiation victims of the past
57 years can make a claim.
The Marine sergeant is just doing his duty to tell you
that there's some danger but not that much if you will
stay away from ground zero.

@_date: 2002-03-06 19:01:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The living _won't_ envy the dead 
If the nuke is placed at the NY Stock Exchange most New
Yorkers would not be affected by the blast due to the unusually
dense architecture surrounding the exchange -- much denser than now allowed by zoning and building codes. And many of the older buildings are substantially built of heavy stone and steel, far more so than recent flimsy buildings like WTC and those in midtown.
Pretty good fire protection required by code would also inhibit
spread of fire -- NYC instituted those after several disastrous
fires in the 18th and 19th centuries -- the last in early
Moreover, the tip of downtown Manhattan is within a few
blocks of water on three sides, and winds usually blow
toward Brooklyn, the Atlantic or New Jersey, on the east,
south and west, respectively not the upper part of Manhattan
to the north where the super rich and super poor live on
Park/5th Avenues and Harlem. The smoke and toxic plumes from WTC saturated Brooklyn then shifted to the south and west but not north. Coincidentally contaminating
the home neighborhoods of many who worked in WTC
(not many of which were Manhattanites).
For maximum effect on people -- for blast and for toxic
plumes -- the weapon should be located in Central Park, or best, several of them placed at its east, south and west periphery. The park is in the heartland of Manhattan

@_date: 2002-03-08 21:00:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PGP Freeware Rules, Or Does It? 
PGP, or Pretty Good Privacy, is available free online for personal use, a major reason the company saw little future in trying to make a business of selling the software for corporate use, said spokeswoman Jennifer Keavney.
"It is the leading encryption technology out there, but it's all based on
free downloads,'' she said.
Sorry to hear about the layoffs, but the news about PGP freeware
is inspiring. Sure hope Phil and others got a decent chomp of NAI And that NAI didn't stick a nasty biteback in the freeware when the
good guys were shopping elsewhere for decent work. Crypto AG, you know, is role model for some engineers fed up with being honorably destitute, rather caught in an economic trap by blackhearts such that getting out is not an option.

@_date: 2002-03-16 07:18:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Marc Perkel arrested 
Choate mimed:
All mouth, both of you, blowing yellow bluster. Not
only you, others talk the brave talk, walk from risk.
Way too rational to be trusted in a pinch. People
sure about what to do are dangerous for they'll
save their ass as if ordered by god, twist logic
to claim it takes bravery to be a coward.

@_date: 2002-03-16 03:04:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: New heights of spam from Choate and MattX 
This appears sound at first and second glance, and is often
recommended. Moderation is similarly considered to be
constructive way to weed out what is not wanted. And gates
and fences of the mind and language and behavior. Some
folks recommend mail bombing offenders, stoning them with
onlist opprobrium and ridicule, reporting them to whatever
authority is willing to chop the tongues, toes and fingers of
miscreants, and then there's the pleasurable notions of assassinating, butt fucking, well, pipe lay our lady but the vulgarine is mighty addictive, so back to what reasonable people do to the unreasonable: call them idiots, throw in
the SHU, revoke their license to ape their betters,
plot to rasp their human rights, then get down and dirty to rip their constitutional rights to shreds, and when push comes to shove, the uppities aiming payback, hazard your own rights by blowing the shit out of foreign and domestic enemies, so goddam frustrating is it to shut the whiners up who won't keep to their pre-ordained position under the puke spigot, fer chrissakes, well-mannered english-speakers are hard to come by, chinga tu madre, companero?

@_date: 2002-03-19 05:52:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: question re: your support of Matt Taylor 
Faustine wrote message below:
I don't think Matt Taylor intends for you to be killed any
more than Tim May wants DC and New York nuked. Nor
that Jim Bell and CJ intended to arrange for the killing
of federal officials.
This calling for killing has been around since the beginning of language when it became socially acceptable to talk about killing rather than doing it: as a way to let fellow savages what is on your mind.
My view is talking about killing never means any killing
is in the offing, instead what you got to worry about is
when the talking stops.
Talkers about killing are a special type of performer, not unlike those who talk about sexual prowess as a
way to make up for lack of the real thing.
And braggarts about sexual conquests are more socially
acceptable than rapists.
Don't mind Matt's talk, it'll pass as soon as he has
the pleasure of facing a non-talker right there in his
secure place of no escape: this will not be a government
official, most of whom know the benefits of about keeping people talking and protesting and posturing to ease
the pressue rather than exploding.
on my
have a
chess or
rocks at
its affiliated companies. (Diffie-Helman/DSS-only version)

@_date: 2002-03-26 05:20:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoJ Summons Offshore Credit Cards 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE March 25, 2002
The Department of Justice and The United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of California today asked a federal court in San Francisco to approve its service of a John Doe summons on VISA International. "John Doe" summonses permit the IRS to obtain information about people whose identities are unknown. The information expected in response to the summons will help the IRS identify people who use offshore accounts to evade their United States income tax liabilities. There are VISA-
sponsored credit, charge or debit cards issued by banks in more than 30 countries, including Switzerland, Latvia,
Luxembourg, Hong Kong, Bermuda and numerous Caribbean nations.
Also today, in a federal court in Miami, The Department of Justice filed papers reflecting American Express's agreement to turn over records relating to people who may be subject to United States income taxes and who have credit card accounts with addresses in Antigua and Barbuda, the Bahamas or the Cayman Islands.
MasterCard has already produced over 1.7 million records, involving over 230,000 accounts, in response to a John Doe summons, According to the IRS, that information will be used in civil audits and criminal If the MasterCard information is representative of the industry, there could be 1 to 2 million U.S. citizens with debit/credit cards issued by offshore banks. This compares with only 170,000 Reports of Foreign Bank & Financial Accounts (FBARS) being filed in 2000 and only 117,000 individual 1040 filers indicating they had offshore bank accounts (tax year 1999).
Full press release:

@_date: 2002-04-22 12:40:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re:  'Enigma' reviewed in Salon. 
And not only Ultra is rightfully based on the Poles' original work,
but the computer itself. The latter credit is almost never given
to the three young Polish mathematicians who pointed the
way for using math to reverse engineer mechancial crypto
machines. No doubt that the far greater British human and material resources developed the Polish ideas behind Ultra and the bombe and grew them into a giant wartime cracking
machine, that machine was and would have been a far
different enterprise without the Polish initiative.
Wartime industries and their succeeding commercial and
governmental inheritors have a way of bestowing credit
on organizations, with a bit of slathering of praise on
exceptional individuals to gild the tin, but what endures
are institutional histories to buttress investments while
the individuals wither and dies, in person and in credit,
at least until they are so long dead they cannot remind
the history writers of what is truth and what bullshit.
Once time comes it's then all bullshit for making
A movie about public key crypto is not far away, and
might be made before all the developers die and are
canonized for institutional portraiture. What a hoot
Sun's PR release about Whit's elevation to a poster
boy for corporate security.
And, not to be overlooked in the rush to commercial,
institutional grade exploitation, fuck Bruce Schneier for saying PGP will endure for a niche market. What the
smell of money will do, slathered with personal envy
of the genuine creators outside the world's beltway.

@_date: 2002-04-11 15:14:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: PKI Labs (Re: all about transferable off-line ecash) 
The Dartmouth site is related to a broader federal PKI Technical Working Group which is developing PKI standards and protocols.   Below are two recent messages from the PKI-TWG mail list
on some of the work being done.
Subscribe to the PKI-TWG mail list:
subscribe pki-twg [your name]
Errors-To: william.burr
Sender: pki-twg
Precedence: bulk
Getronics Government Solutions has delivered the v1.3 R10 Enhanced
SNACC (eSNACC) Abstract Syntax Notation One (ASN.1) Compiler,
C++ library and C library source code and binaries tested on the Linux, Sun Solaris 2.8 and Microsoft Windows NT/98/2000/XP operating
systems.  The eSNACC software is freely available to everyone from:
.  The v1.3 R10
eSNACC release fixes significant bugs present in the previous
The eSNACC ASN.1 software can be used to ASN.1 encode and decode
objects.  In past releases, Getronics improved the eSNACC C++ library to implement the Distinguished Encoding Rules (DER), support large ASN.1 INTEGERs, and improve memory usage.    v1.3 R10 eSNACC enhancements (compared to v1.3 R8 and R9 releases):
1) We corrected the eSNACC ASN.1 C and C++ libraries to properly
implement the sorting of SET OF components as specified in the 1997
X.690 DER requirements.  The eSNACC ASN.1 C++ library was incorrectly ignoring the tag and length of each component when determining their order.  The bug was present in the v1.3 R7, v1.3 R8, and v1.3 R9 releases of the eSNACC ASN.1 C++ library.  This bug caused
interoperability problems with correct DER implementations.  For example, this bug caused the S/MIME Freeware Library (SFL) (that
uses the eSNACC ASN.1 C++ library) to report signature verification problems when attempting to verify valid signed S/MIME messages.   2) We corrected several bugs in the eSNACC ASN.1 C++ and C  libraries that we discovered when testing them using the Simple
Network Management Protocol (SNMP) v1 test suite developed by the
University of Oulu.  The bugs were all error handling problems that
occurred when each ASN.1 library attempted to decode invalidly encoded indefinite lengths on primitive types.  These were all bugs
in the original SNACC code.  We used the v1.3 R10 eSNACC ASN.1 C++ and C libraries to successfully process all 18,000 test cases in the SNMPv1 Oulu test suite.  3) We fixed a bug in CSM_Buffer::Write(...) (sm_buffer.cpp file)
that resulted in a significant decrease in the time required to
ASN.1 decode objects greater than 1MB in size.
We tested the v1.3 R10 eSNACC release with the v2.0.1 S/MIME
Freeware Library (SFL) (with patch files applied) available from  that uses the eSNACC ASN.1 software to encode and decode the IETF S/MIME v3 Cryptographic Message Syntax (RFC 2630) and Enhanced
Security Services for S/MIME (RFC 2634) security protocol.  We tested the v1.3 R10 eSNACC release with the freeware v2.0.1
Certificate Management Library (CML) (no patch files required) available from   that uses the eSNACC ASN.1 software to encode and decode X.509 certificates, attribute certificates and Certificate Revocation Lists as specified in the 2000 X.509 Recommendation.
We tested the v1.3 R10 eSNACC release with the freeware v2.0.1
Access Control Library (ACL) (no patch files required to use
v1.3 R10 eSNACC release) available from
.  The ACL uses
the eSNACC ASN.1 software to encode and decode security
labels and other objects (such as Security Policy Information Files) required to provide rule based access control as specified in SDN.801.
The eSNACC ASN.1 software implements the majority of the ASN.1 encoding/decoding rules as specified in the 1988 X.209 Recommendation.  It implements the DER as specified in the 1997 X.690 Recommendation.  It does not support all of the latest ASN.1
features, but there are strategies that allow it to be used to produce ASN.1 hex encodings that are identical to those produced by
ASN.1 libraries that do support the latest ASN.1 features.  Also note
that many of the PKIX specs, such as RFC 2459 and RFC 2630, include 1988-compliant ASN.1 syntax modules which can be compiled using the
eSNACC compiler.
The eSNACC ASN.1 library is totally unencumbered as stated in the Enhanced SNACC Software Public License.  All source code
for the eSNACC software is being provided at no cost and with no
financial limitations regarding its use and distribution.  Organizations can use the eSNACC software without paying
any royalties or licensing fees.  The Internet Mail Consortium (IMC) has established an eSNACC
web page .  The IMC has established an eSNACC mail list which is used to: distribute information regarding eSNACC releases; discuss related issues; and provide a means for integrators to provide feedback, comments,
bug reports, etc.  Subscription information for the imc-snacc
mail list is at the IMC web site listed above.
We welcome all feedback regarding the eSNACC software.
If bugs are reported, then we will investigate each reported
bug and, if required, will produce a patch or an updated
release of the software to repair the bug. This release announcement was sent to several mail lists,
but please send all messages regarding the eSNACC software to the imc-snacc mail list ONLY.  Please do not send messages regarding the eSNACC software to any of the IETF mail lists.  We will respond to all messages sent to the
imc-snacc mail list.
John Pawling, John.Pawling
Getronics Government Solutions, LLC
Errors-To: william.burr
Originator: pki-twg
Sender: pki-twg
Precedence: bulk
Getronics Government Solutions has delivered a set of patch files
(Patch A) that fix bugs (see below) in the v2.0.1 S/MIME Freeware Library (SFL) source code.  The SFL source code files are freely
available at .  The SFL implements the IETF S/MIME v3 RFC 2630 Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMS) and RFC 2634 Enhanced Security Services (ESS) specifications. It also implements portions of the RFC 2633 Message Specification and RFC 2632 Certificate Handling document.  When used in conjunction with
the Crypto++ freeware library, the SFL implements the RFC 2631 Diffie-Hellman (D-H) Key Agreement Method specification.  It has been successfully tested using the Microsoft (MS) Windows NT/98/2000/XP, Linux
and Sun Solaris 2.8 operating systems.  Further enhancements, ports and testing of the SFL are still in process.  Further releases of the SFL
will be provided as significant capabilities are added. The SFL has been successfully used to sign, verify, encrypt and decrypt CMS/ESS objects using: DSA, E-S D-H, 3DES algorithms provided by the Crypto++ library; RSA suite of algorithms provided by the RSA BSAFE 6.0
Crypto-C and Crypto++ libraries; and Fortezza suite of algorithms provided
by the Fortezza Crypto Card.  The v2.0.1 (Patch A) SFL uses the v1.3 R10
Enhanced SNACC (eSNACC) ASN.1 C++ Library to encode/decode objects. The v2.0.1 SFL release includes: SFL High-level library; Free (a.k.a. Crypto++) Crypto Token Interface Library (CTIL); BSAFE CTIL;
Fortezza CTIL; SPEX/ CTIL; PKCS  CTIL; Microsoft CAPI v2.0 CTIL; test utilities; test drivers; and test data.  All CTILs were tested as Dynamically Linked Libraries (DLL) using MS Windows.  The Fortezza, BSAFE
and Crypto++ CTILs were tested with the respective security libraries as
shared objects using Linux and Solaris 2.8.  The SFL has been successfully used to exchange signedData and envelopedData messages with the MS Internet Explorer Outlook Express v4.01, Netscape
Communicator 4.X, Entrust and Baltimore S/MIME products.  Signed messages
have been exchanged with the RSA S/MAIL and WorldTalk S/MIME v2 products. The SFL has also been used to perform S/MIME v3 interoperability testing
with Microsoft that exercised the majority of the features specified by RFCs 2630, 2631 and 2634.  This testing included the RSA, DSA, E-S D-H, 3DES, SHA
and Fortezza algorithms.  We used the SFL to successfully process the SFL-supported sample data included in the S/MIME WG "Examples of S/MIME Messages" document.  We also used the SFL to generate S/MIME v3 sample messages that were included in the "Examples" document.
The use of the v2.0.1 SFL is described in the v2.0 SFL Application Programming Interface (API) and v2.0 SDD documents.  The v2.0 SMP Components Setup Manual that describes the component installation
procedures for the v2.0.1 SFL, v2.0.1 Certificate Management Library (CML),
and v1.3 R10 eSNACC libraries.  The use of the v2.0.1 CTIL API is
described in the v2.0 CTIL API document. Patch A includes the following enhancements (compared to v2.0.1 SFL
and CTIL releases):
1) v2.0.1 (Patch A) SFL was tested using v1.3 R10 eSNACC ASN.1 C++ library
that fixed a bug in the code that implements the SET OF sorting as part
of the Distinguished Encoding Rules (DER).  The eSNACC DER bug was causing the SFL to report signature verification problems when attempting
to verify valid signed S/MIME messages.
2) v2.0.1 (Patch A) SFL was tested using v1.3 R10 eSNACC ASN.1 C++ library
that also includes a bug fix that resulted in a significant decrease in the
time required to decode objects greater than 1MB in size.  For example, this
eSNACC bug fix resulted in a 300-fold improvement in the SFL decryption of
objects that are greater than 1MB in size.
3) Fixed bugs in Microsoft CAPI CTIL code that handles the use of two
RSA certificates (and corresponding private keys) that include the same
subject name, but are distinguished by the keyUsage extension (one for signature, one for encryption).  4) The SFL timing routine was updated in the sm_EDTImingTest.cpp test utility to time variable loop counter of messages of variable content size.  This test now handles ASN.1 Encode, Decode, Encrypt and Decrypt
tests (./SMIME/testsrc/util/sm_EDTImingTest.cpp). 5) SFL and Microsoft CAPI CTIL were updated to fix minor memory leaks
and other minor bugs.
6) Corrected bug in CertNameToStr (sm_capi.cpp) to process names longer than 100 characters.
7) Improved CertificateBuilder by adding a separate certificatePolicies
extension creation menu item.  8) The demonstration program in ./SMIME/testutil/testTripleWrap has been updated to demonstrate multiple certificate loads into RecipientInfos for encryption.  This program also demonstrates the
Microsoft CAPI CTIL initialization and usage.
We are still in the process of enhancing and testing the SFL.  Future releases may include: additional PKCS  CTIL testing; finish CertificateBuilder command line utility; enhancing CertificateBuilder to support creation of Attribute Certificates; add "Certificate Management Messages over CMS" ASN.1 encode/decode functions; add enhanced test routines; bug fixes; support for other crypto APIs; and support for other operating systems. The SFL is developed to maximize portability to 32-bit operating systems.  In addition to testing on MS Windows, Linux and Solaris 2.8, we may port the SFL to other operating systems.
The following SFL files are available from 1) SFL Documents: Fact Sheet, Software Design Description, API, CTIL API, Software Test Description, Implementers Guide, Overview Briefing
and Public License.     2) smimeR2.0.1.tar.gz:  Source code, MS Windows project files and Unix makefiles for SFL Hi-Level library.
3) snacc13r10rn.tar.gz (source code and binaries available from Getronics eSNACC web page: ): Source code, MS Windows project files and Unix makefiles for
v1.3 R10 eSNACC ASN.1 Compiler and Library that has been enhanced by
Getronics to implement the Distinguished Encoding Rules.  Source code is
compilable for Linux, Solaris 2.8 and MS Windows NT/98/2000/XP. This
file includes a sample test project demonstrating the use of the eSNACC
classes.  4) smCTIR2.0.1.tar.gz:  Source code, MS Windows project files and Unix makefiles for the following CTILs: Test (no crypto), Crypto++, BSAFE, Fortezza, SPEX/, PKCS  and MS CAPI v2.0.  The CTIL source code includes
PKCS  software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL
Toolkit 5) sm_CTIL_MGR_R2.0.1.tar.gz: Source code, MS Windows project files and Unix makefiles for the CTILManager library that provides CTIL-related processing services used by the SFL, ACL and CML.
6) smTest2.0.1.tar.gz: Source code, MS Windows project files and Unix makefiles for test drivers used to test the SFL.  This file includes sample CMS/ESS test data and test X.509 Certificates.  It also includes the CertificateBuilder utility that can be used to create X.509
7) sfl_v2.0.1_Patch_A.zip: Contains patch files that include aforementioned
enhancements to v2.0.1 SFL, Microsoft CAPI CTIL, CertificateBuilder.
All source code for the SFL is being provided at no cost and with no financial limitations regarding its use and distribution. Organizations can use the SFL without paying any royalties or licensing fees.  Getronics is developing the SFL under contract to the U.S. Government.  The U.S. Government is furnishing the SFL
source code at no cost to the vendor subject to the conditions of the "SFL Public License".
On 14 January 2000, the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Export Administration published a new regulation implementing an update to the U.S. Government's encryption export policy .  In accordance with the revisions to the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) of 14 Jan 2000, the downloading of the SFL source code is not password controlled.
The SFL is composed of a high-level library that performs generic CMS and ESS processing independent of the crypto algorithms used to protect a specific object.  The SFL high-level library makes calls to an algorithm-independent CTIL API.  The underlying, external crypto
token libraries are not distributed as part of the SFL source code. The application developer must independently obtain these libraries and then link them with the SFL.  The SFL uses the CML and eSNACC ASN.1 Library to encode/decode
certificates, ACs, CRLs and components thereof.  The CML is freely
available at: .
The SFL has been successfully tested in conjunction with the Access
Control Library (ACL) that is freely available to everyone from: The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) is providing test S/MIME messages (created by Getronics) at .  Getronics used the SFL to successfully process the NIST test data.
NIST is using the SFL and CML as part of the NIST S/MIME Test Facility (NSMTF) that they are planning to host (see ).  Vendors will be able to use
the NSMTF to help determine if their products comply with the
IETF S/MIME v3 specifications and the Federal S/MIME v3 Client Profile.  The SFL has been integrated into many applications to provide CMS/ESS
security services.  For example, the SFL was integrated into a security
plug-in for a commercial e-mail application that enabled the application to meet the Bridge Certification Authority Demonstration Phase II requirements including implementing ESS features such as
security labels.
The Internet Mail Consortium (IMC) has established an SFL web page
.  The IMC has also established an SFL
mail list which is used to: distribute information regarding SFL
releases; discuss SFL-related issues; and provide a means for SFL
users to provide feedback, comments, bug reports, etc.  Subscription
information for the imc-sfl mailing list is at the IMC web site
listed above.
All comments regarding the SFL source code and documents are welcome.  This SFL release announcement was sent to several mail lists, but please send all messages regarding the SFL to the imc-sfl mail list ONLY.  Please do not send messages regarding the SFL to any of the IETF mail lists.  We will respond to all messages sent to the imc-sfl mail John Pawling, John.Pawling
Getronics Government Solutions, LLC
============================================

@_date: 2002-04-06 18:58:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Small Arms Failure in Afghan (caliberpunks) 
I was advised to use a fragmentation grenade to off an officer,
slid under the tent flap, or lobbed from the dark. An officer
can kill a mutineer with impunity, whether mutiny or merely
alleged, while a grunt would be hung for getting rid of an officer
so terrified in battle he'd shoot anything that got in his
way to safety.
A favorite way to test a new officer before following his
orders is to roll a grenade toward his feet from the rear
ranks, pin in place the first time. If he flinches and stands
his ground after spotting the pin, that's acceptable. If he screams and runs, gift a live one before going on a doomed
West Pointers are warned about these tests, and how to
pass them, principally by respecting their grunts. ROTC and OCS aren't -- they serve as fodder for all sides. Nobody
from the ranks who's been in battle will accept a commission
despite the fairy tales about it.
A single weapon is never enough. You need one for intimate
encounters when the DoD issue fails, hardware or leadership,
which they will, the more reputable the more likely, from sleath
aircraft to sniper rifle.

@_date: 2002-04-01 23:57:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Mil domestic invaders scheduled for citizens' 
On the shooting in North Carolina, there're local stories
that the soldiers and the civilian with them were not
totally engaged in the training plan. That while the locals
are accustomed to the military running operations in
the area, there is also a long tradition of the soldiers
and civilians engaging in illicit activities common around
the world. Cover stories, mil and civil, are ready at hand to explain the times the fuck-offs are discovered, or more precisely, fail to make arrangements with local fuzz to overlook the vile behavior, ranging from sex to drugs to booze to whatever rules breakers find immorally uplifting.
Cops, like soldiers, have expenses to cover, too, and a sure fire way to get keep the baksheesh flowing is to pop a double-crossing customer, or what is called an innocent. Whether the soldiers were set up by the civilian and
the cop is worth a Deliverance type story, or the soldiers
and the civilian were truly hunting the cop to teach him
a lesson in locale rules.
Now don't try to tell me any of these folks were innocent,
or I'll have to burn your pigwipe flag, confederate.
Expect a Marine to shoot a civilian, accidentally, to show
how mean and lean the pussies are when finished with
an innocent morale booster demanding a fee.

@_date: 2002-04-08 01:17:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: mil disinfo on cryptome 
The Pentagon Papers was a classic disinfo operation
confected by RAND. The NYT and Ellsberg will never
let us forget their valor, credible only for those who abide
a fairly narrow belief system, highly elitist and condescending
toward the populace.
Then there's Bill Sheehan's tragic price to remind what can
go wrong with career-enhancing, arranged revelations when a beneficiary attempts to go beyond a neat, heavily promoted formulation oh so satisfying to those who arranged the op.
Faustine, you lose your cool whenever established methodologies
for handling information and belief about it are challenged, as
if your faith in the way things are and should be is being unduly questioned. Reputation is a trap not an accomplishment, and you appear to have been ensnared by desire to be knowledgeable in a particularly sanctioned way. All those citations, all that
homework, cannot beefup what's missing from your own
original contribution. Abundant citing of authority, beware
what it tells about your vacuity.
Losing your cool, though, is swell, for it is a sign of advancement over over over-false-confidence and the yearning to have gotten matters of the world right once and for all. Nothing more crippling than a desire to be free of doubt, but that desire is a salient characteristic of those who are recruited into privileged circles: a promise of access to privileged information and behavior is the bait, the trap is never being able to talk about how sleight the secrets are, and how shitty the insiders treat one another,
to anyone outside the magic circle. All secret societies fear
disclosure of their vacuity, that's why secrets are invaluable.
Just don't go there is the best advice, and a way to guard against that is to show characteristics that assure you will never be invited, that you can't keep secrets, not even
false ones.
Desire to part of an coseted elite is sucker's candy. The desire to reputable a pale shroud over insecurity and need
for backing of reputable authority. That's why reputable people and forums are erected and selected for leaking worthless shit as if shinola.
RAND didn't invent this hagiography of burnished research
but it is a stellar producer of such icons and has an admirable network of distribution. You will hear what is intllectually corrupting about this orchestrated warped and incomplete
information about world affairs when you talk to a RAND insider who has been dumped for stepping out of line, that is putting one's ideas and product outside the fearsome editorial board of the hallowed institution, as with RAND
so with the hagiography of the New York Times, Washinton Post and others of the centrist compulsion.

@_date: 2002-04-07 02:47:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: mil disinfo on cryptome 
Disinfo is a complicated topic, and it's not easy to know
for sure when it is occurring; if it was easy to tell then
it wouldn't be very effective disinfo.
For all its admirable reputation RAND continues to
be a forum for disinformation of high quality. This
follows from its classified work and the cross-
contamination of its unclassified output. But this
is true of all persons and institutions which provide
both classified and unclassified products.
For a goodly part of the reputation of such actors
is derived from their classified work and the imputation
of value of unclassified stuff due to access to classified
Contrarily, one can argue, that anybody who has
access to classified material cannot be trusted for
their unclassified work.
David Kahn made such an argument when he refused
to sign a confidentiality agreement for NSA  in order
to have access to classified archives. According to Kahn
he was the first to refuse that faustian arrangement
(pun intended, Faustine). Instead he sat at a desk
outside the classified archives and worked only
with material that did not require an NDA, doing so,
he said, in order to help assure reader trust of his
Kahn's right, and admirably so, for once you get access
to classified material you  are doomed to be distrusted
outside the secret world. Too much lying has been done
by those who have access for anybody with access
to ever be trusted, which, no doubt, is the intention of
those who believe in privileged information. You are
either in or out, no mercy from either side, as Faust
To be blunt, no official can be trusted, period, nor can
any of their contractors who have agreed to abide
the official rules. Which, as oft stated here, includes
all state-empowered and privilieged professionals,
from architects to lawyers to doctors to priests to
acupuncturists, and not least, journalists who may pretend to authorize themselves but behave in accord with the rules of their privileged publishers.

@_date: 2002-04-04 21:57:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: mil disinfo on cryptome 
It is likely that Cryptome and the Net will be used to spread
disinfo, as with predecessor means of information spread.
What better way to contaminate citizen tools than to
try to make them unreliable compared to official sources.
Dotty Rumsfeld is certainly practicing that with relish, rather
being used for that purpose by smarter people who used
Reagan and other big-smile dotters similarly.
Even without disinfo, sources of information of all kinds
need a beady eye and skeptical mind. One of a series
we're assembling is on protection from explosives now
that digital terrorism has been diminished by 9/11 and
attention has returned to physical security of the homeland.
We've looked at some of the homeland security opportunism of professionals in the built environment field -- engineers,
architects, builders, real estate promoters, banks, insurance --
and see that they are advocating restriction of information
on protective measures to professionals and those entrusted
to camouflage scary threats from the citizenry reassure against panic. This smells of protection racket which parallels the early argument for restricting crypto to specialists and
hiding Net security threats from trusting users.
Here's a link to a group of building associations set
up in March to aid homeland security:
  Here's a link to architects promotion of work
on homeland security:
  However, some more seasoned parties say that it's time
to share sensitive technology for protecting the physical
infrastructure more broadly as the homeland comes under increasing threat. That military-grade protective measures
need to be more widely known and incorporated into
building codes and construction practices. It is expected
that this could take up to 10 years to become effective,
to rewrite codes, to retrain current professionals, to blend into professional students' curricula, to adjust budgets for safer construction.
Blast Mitigation for Structures (1999)
  Protecting Buildings From Bomb Damage (1995)
  So what is to be done in the meantime? We think more information
on self-protection needs to be disseminated, following the
crypto model, to liberate classified and restricted documents
and foster development of practices which do not require
state-licensed professionals to implement.
We expect there will be bitching about putting dangerous
information on the Net for amateurs to blow up themselves
and neighbors, and rightly so, for it is needed to offset the soothing and deliberately scary disinfo associated with
relying upon trusted parties who never quite live up to
their promises to protect and hinder access to means
of self-protection.

@_date: 2002-04-04 20:17:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Small Arms Failure in Afghan 
UNCONFIRMED LEAD -- this March 26, 2002 letter on small arms reportedly came from a soldier assigned to an infantry unit in Afghanistan, following the letter is commentary that was attached to the email we received:
  "The current-issue 62gr 5.56mm (223) round, especially when fired from
  the short-barreled, M-4 carbine, is proving itself (once again) to be
  woefully inadequate as man stopper.  Engagements at all ranges are   requiring multiple, solid hits to permanently bring down enemy   soldiers.
  Penetration is also sadly deficient.  Even light barriers are not   perforated by this rifle/cartridge combination.  Troopers all over are   switching to the seventy-seven grain Sierra Matchking (loaded by Black   Hills) whenever it can be found.  Its performance on enemy soldiers is   not much better, but it does penetrate barriers.  We're fighting   fanatics here, and they don't find wimpy ammunition particularly   impressive!
  Adding to our challenges, our issue M-9 pistol (Beretta M92F) is proving   itself unreliable. They are constantly breaking.  To make matters worse,   the 9mm hardball round we use is a joke.  It is categorically   ineffective as a fight stopper, even at close range.  Some troopers,   after numerous, desperate requests, are now being reissued 1911s!   However, the only ones available for issue are worn out.  Magazines are   hard to find, and 45ACP ammunition is scarce.
  We are frustrated here that none of the forgoing seems to be of the
  slightest concern to people in Washington. It is a damn good thing that
  we have air superiority and are not yet heavily engaged on the ground.
  Inferior weapons and ammunition are making us all nervous."
Lesson: Here we go again!  We're going into war with small arms and
ammunition we know to be impotent and (in the case of the M-9 pistol)
lacking in durability.  What makes the iniquity even worse is that these inadequacies have all been common knowledge since the Gulf War ten years During WW1, American troopers were issued a French light, automatic
rifle, as part of an economic sweetheart deal with the French.  The gun, called the CSRG (Chauchat), was notoriously unreliable, and that fact was well known by Americans and French alike.  But, it was issued anyway, and we will never know how many Americans were needlessly killed as a result.
That this kind of casual nonchalance is apparently still standard procedure at the Pentagon, is disillusioning.  We really haven't come very far in eighty-five years.  Our young men, in the minds of politicians and military brass alike, are still cannon fodder!

@_date: 2002-04-11 21:21:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Among the Bourgeoisophobes 
Frederick Kagan spoke at the Princeton Club, New York City,
Tuesday evening, April 9, 2002.
American Heritage Lecture Series -- Special Guest Frederick W. Kagan
After September 11: Terrorism and the Enduring Bases of American Defense Strategy
Join us for a stimulating and provocative discussion as Frederick W.
Kagan, Associate Professor of military history at the U.S. Military
Academy at West Point, and author of While America Sleeps:
Self-Delusion, Military Weakness, and the Threat to Peace Today,
examines our countrys military and defense strategies and how they
contributed to the devastations of September 11.
According to Professor Kagan, United States military and defense
strategies of the 1990s were always wrong and must be fundamentally
reoriented, not only to protect us from the obvious danger of terrorism
but to strengthen our ability to respond to other, perhaps even graver,
threats to our national security. (Professor Kagans talk will present his
own personal views and not those of the United States military or West
This event is co-sponsored with the Association for the American
Founding and its Legacy, an organization of CUNY faculty members
created to encourage study and appreciation of the unique cultural and
intellectual heritage of the United States.

@_date: 2002-04-11 19:20:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Among the Bourgeoisophobes 
Frederick Kagan, a historian at the US Military Academy,
argued in a talk recently that the US needs to:
More than double its defense expenditures; Ignore the Europeans and other allies due to their military ineffectuality and insufficient defense budgets;
Prepare for long-term US military dominance of the world;
Accept that the US will have to combat enemies more or less on its own;
Reduce governmental spending for non-national security Accept that war is never going away or diminish but evolve
into unprecedented forms;
Beef up HUMINT and decrease reliance upon intelligence analysis which cannot process the flood of data acquired by
non-human means;
Increase foreign aid to relieve the problems which lead to easy recruitment for anti-American movements;
Not count on the Air Force and Navy for wars of the future -- which will not be primarily with enemies which are not
defeatable by air and sea; Destroy any nation which provides a base for terrorism.
Understand that ground troops are the only way to secure lasting peace;
Professor Kagan said that he graduated as a Soviet
specialist just as the Cold War ended and had to quickly
develop a new specialty: advancing the cause of the US Army as if the survival of the United States hinged on it.
The audience applauded Kagan's candor when he said I
assume since all of you are Princeton graduates you
work for large corporations. And large corporations do
not respond well to criticism or cut-backs, in fact, they
become less effective when resources are withdrawn
and long-established methods are challenged. Members
become fearful and even more ineffective under duress.
Kagan said, what needs to be done to ineffective large organizations is to provide them with more resources and affirmation of how they have long done things. This will reassure the corporations' members that they are appreciated, will boost their morale and confidence, and increase the quality of their output.
Kagan said many of the United States' foreign policy
failures are traceable to the Democrats, then paused,
and said, you know I mean Clinton and Clinton's
holdovers in government who continue to argue for
cut backs in defense spending in favor of more support
for domestic programs. This is clearly wrong, Kagan said, and only fools believe the enemy is not at home.

@_date: 2002-04-17 04:12:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [303] If you're sick of crypto talk don't read this (fwd) 
The phrase "for all practical purposes" may well be sufficient
for engineers, or scientists, needing to fulfill requirements of
a task, say, to get out the door a workable cryptosystem,
whether for the market or national security purposes. This
criterion of practicality is what stumped the British
cryptographers who needed a secure means to transmit
keys. After finding no practical solution the problem was
handed off to Ellis who was known to be the most impractical
dreamer at BP. Ellis brooded on the problem and eventually
arrived at a scheme which delighted the practical folks but
which they could not have imagined.
Still there was a practical problem with implementing
Ellis's scheme and his discovery languished until the
problem was handed off to Cocks, newly arrived at BP,
and one of the least experienced there, that is, the least
able, like Ellis to be practically effective. Cocks came
up with a solution that finally made PK workable but which
even Ellis could not imagine.
We've noted here before that we made an FOIA request
to NSA in November 2000 for information on what was known in the agency about NPE before Diffie-Hellman-Merkle announced their discovery/invention of PK. The agency
first responded that the material was so voluminous that
I would need to narrow the time frame to get an early
response. For this I picked the year of Ellis's discovery, with subsequent requests to spring off that. This took place a short while before 9/11.
I thought 9/11 would halt the process but it did not: a letter
from NSA on 9/18 said the requested year's material was being assembled. (We had earlier paid a search fee of $5,000). NSA would not say when the first NPE batch will be sent nor what will be in it. The stuff may be only pages of redactions.
As far as I know nobody has requested NPE material from NSA, or at least made it public. Steve Levy in "Crypto" says
that Diffie may have gotten a nudge from somebody associated
with NSA for a direction to take, but what that was is not
One can wonder, though, that if NSA knew about NPE why
Diffie-Hellman-Merkle's work was not classified at birth.
One can ponder the long-running deception of Crypto AG
in planting highly reputable crypto machines around the globe with a NSA backdoor in them.
One can ponder why a similar, reputable, crypto-mathematical deception is also not widely distributed, burnished with tales
of impregnability.
David Kahn, among others, writes such deceptions are
so venerable only a fool would trust a wholly trustworthy
cryptosystem. And notes that practicality often requires
faulty systems be continually slathered with faith to
assure acceptance.

@_date: 2002-04-17 00:05:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [303] If you're sick of crypto talk don't read this (fwd) 
Agreed that there may well be ways to access cyphertext that
does not attack its crypto-mathematical shield, which could
indeed be practically invulnerable.
What gets pondered, surely, in the same way Ellis, Cocks,
Diffie, Hellman and Name noodled the PK challenge, is what
would such an access be through or around practically
invulnerable algorithms. Not the electronic, DFA, and other
now known attacks, but a mathematical breakthrough, say,
following the unprecedented model of PK.
The release of the Ellis/Cock paper on Non-Secret Encryption
is intriguing. Why was it released, not for the reasons given
at the time but perhaps others. One might imagine, in the
paranoid spirit of good cryptologists, that the release was
intended to divert attention away from X, for example, to
encourage public trust in PK as with the Germans and
What though might be the Achilles heel of PK that is not
protected by any key strength? That increase of key strength
is meant to enhance false confidence about? And what if
the promotion of implementation vulnerabilities is part
of the diversion? That the weakness is neither known
mathematical nor implementation nor the other well-
publicized attacks.
A mathemetician given this problem would surely not
accept failure as the outcome: mathematicians are
nuts for the impossible, the unsolvable.
Wondrous would be that PK is weak precisely where
it is believed to be strongest but not in a way readily
grasped by those who have faith in the strength, that
ever Enigmatic vainglory sustained by the refusal
to give up legacy assurance when challenged by
novelty, or worse, seduced by A Beautiful Mind.

@_date: 2002-04-16 22:55:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [303] If you're sick of crypto talk don't read this (fwd) 
What is peculiar about the rejoinders to Lucky's sensible proposal
is the dismissal of it with elaborate affirmations of mathematical
surety, as if there has not been voluminous warnings to never
rely on mathematical surety when weaknesses are far more
likely to be found in the faulty implementation of cryptosystems.
It's as if comfort is to be found in a return to early faith in
chanting unbreakable crypto mathematics to avoid the truth that math at any strength is not the solution to comsec, rather it is what you promote (and blow sunshine) when you don't have a solution to implementation weaknesses except to advance the virtues sophisticated security monitoring systems.
This waving the flag of mathematical security, coupled
with the need for long-term security monitoring, sure smells
like national security religion, and lucrative it is so long as
nobody can prove its shinola.
Strong crypto systems of super-duper key length are likely
crumbling regularly behind this scrim of mathematical

@_date: 2002-04-24 12:14:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Lucky's 1024-bit post [was: RE: objectivity and factoring 
Lucky is to be commended for igniting a neglected aspect
of the crypto wars: what happens to cryptosystems over
time after they have been invented, tested, criticized, vetted and conditionally trusted, then gradually widely distributed
as the best available under practical usage, then compromised
by direct attack or undermining from within -- the cycle of all
previous cryptosystems.
This inevitable vulnerability comes about for the reason
Lucky states: sloppiness, laziness, inattention to keeping
up with new means of attack, desire to exploit markets
based on widespread public and institutional trust,
and, not least, succumbing to the stigma of "being too
Attackers of cryptosystems count on this. Inventors
of cryptosystems dread gradual decline in their
successive implementations, if they continue to care
about security and are not enjoying the economic
fruits of success and to hell with authentic security,
so what if there are a few hundred victims, collateral
damage, think big, think Wall Street.
Any well-known and trusted cryptosystem should be
highly suspect of being compromised, and total reliance
upon it is immensely foolhardy. That is why no "military
grade" cryptosystem is wholly trusted by the military
in times of war or when war is threatening, which now
means all the time.
If you are at war with government no government-approved
cryptosystem is to be trusted, which means no system
in most countries and certainly not in the US. And no
commercially successful cryptosystem is to be wholly
trusted for its success rests in part on its acceptance
by government -- still the prime purchaser of such
systems and maker of markets.
We will learn someday of currently trusted systems,
as we have of those in the past, more or less when they
were compromised. "More or less" reflects that the
greatest cryptosystem deceptions of the past 100
years are still classified and will remain so in order
to not disturb blind faith in accessible, practical Without blind faith in comsec, intelligence gathering
would be much more difficult for few would transmit
their most valuable secrets via trusted systems.
And even those who, like Lucky, advocate stronger
implementations, remain vulnerable to weaknesses
of their correspondents' usage -- who may quote
Lucky's transmittal in response, send it to others
without Lucky knowing, tamper with his information,
violate his trust wittingly or otherwise.
One could argue that the increased use of crypto has
enhanced intelligence gathering despite government
protests widely disseminated to induce trust in the
systems, again as with prior deceptions.
Too little sustained testing of trusted systems is
done in the private realm, and there too little skepticism
of widely used systems by enthusiasts and market
Here's to Lucky for reminding of the price of success,
for pointing to how the crypto wars have gone deeply
undercover where they usually are fought without
mercy and never with courteous discourse.

@_date: 2002-04-24 02:11:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AP on TechTV 
A Most Deadly Game
CyberCrime' investigates a website that calls for contract killings of
public officials. Is it an exercise in free speech or a manifesto for
murder? Find out more, Tuesday 4/22 at 9 p.m. Eastern.
Sneak peek: Tuesday at 7 a.m., 11 a.m., 1:30 p.m., 6 p.m. Eastern
Also airs: 4/24 at 12 a.m., 4/25 at 10:30 a.m., 3 p.m., and 9 p.m., 4/26
at 12:30 a.m., 4/27 at 3 p.m. and 7 p.m., 4/28 at 1 a.m., 11 a.m., and 7
p.m., and 4/29 at 12 a.m. Eastern.
By CyberCrime staff
April 22, 2002 Jim Bell, a 46-year-old chemist and anti-government
activist, is pushing the limits of free speech with his online
manifesto entitled "Assassination Politics" or "AP." First
published in 1997, Bell advocated a system where the
public could go online and vote to have unpopular
government officials assassinated. This week on
"CyberCrime" we investigate why law enforcement has a
renewed concern over AP. In our report, you'll hear from Alan Hatcher, Treasury special agent in charge of investigating Bell, and Robb London, the ead prosecutor in the case. Plus, some insight into AP from high tech terrorism expert Matthew Devost, founding director of the Terrorism Research Center, and Darcy Bender, an
expert in the use of chemical and biological weapons. Additional links Jim Bell files
Jim Bell's essay, "Assassination Politics," and information on his arrest, the charges against him, his pretrial jailing, the IRS spam, his hearings, news reports, his plea bargain, his sentencing, his letters from jail, his probation hearings, his probation conditions, his appeal, and his rearrest and detention
for alleged probation violations. Jim Bell's Manifesto
Read the "Assassination Politics" manifesto. The US vs. James Bell
A list of the trial transcripts from the James Dalton Bell
case. This article is based on original reporting by "CyberCrime" segment producer Steve Blum.
"CyberCrime" premieres every Tuesday at 9 p.m. Eastern.

@_date: 2002-05-23 05:35:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Analysis of Neural Cryptography 
Analysis of Neural Cryptography
Alexander Klimov, Anton Mityaguine, and Adi Shamir
Computer Science Department
The Weizmann Institute, Rehovot 76100, Israel
{ask,mityagin,shamir} Abstract. In this paper we analyse the security of a new key exchange
protocol proposed in [3], which is based on mutually learning neural networks. This is a new potential source for public key cryptographic schemes which are not based on number theoretic functions, and have small time and memory complexities. In the first part of the paper we analyse the scheme, explain why the two parties converge to a common key, and why an attacker using a similar neural network is unlikely to converge to the same key. However, in the second part of the paper we show that this key exchange protocol can be broken in three different ways, and thus it is completely insecure.   3. Ido Kanter, Wolfgang Kinzel, Eran Kanter, "Secure exchange of information
  by synchronization of neural networks'', Europhys., Lett. 57, 141, 2002.
 (11 pages. 366KB)

@_date: 2002-05-19 04:16:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cell Phones Snoop on Cops 
From the TSCM mail list, 18 May 2002:
Forwarded from a law enforcement newsletter
NEW GENERATION CELL PHONE 'AUTO-ANSWER' COULD TIP OFF POTENTIAL SUSPECTS
It has been brought to our attention that many new generation cellular phones have an 'auto-answer' feature that allows the phone to answer a call automatically without the user's physical contact. Apparently, this feature is designed for 'hands free' operation for disabled individuals, and individuals operating their phones while driving.  Further, it was posted in a Louisiana State Police Special Bulletin (dated May 2) that DEA contacts in New York have received reports from agents that their CI's know of drug gang members who are indeed aware of this feature and use it to gather intelligence from law enforcement.  "They will allow themselves to be picked up and then 'leave' a phone in their vehicle to gather intelligence from them later or they will secretly hide a phone in an officer's vehicle or in a spot that they know that law enforcement gathers at to glean intelligence," the bulletin reads.  Further, an April 2 edition of the bulletin detailed a scenario involving one of these cellular phones, but at the time the Louisiana State Police were unable to confirm the origin of the scenario. However, representatives from the department told Xxxxxx that they have since been contacted by the Phelps County (Missouri) Sheriff's Department identifying that department as the origin for the scenario.  The scenario featured a Nextel phone, in particular, that was found in a truck that officers were searching. There were 65 pounds of marijuana in the sleeper.  During the search, the cellular phone began ringing while it sat in the holster on the dashboard. When the phone stopped ringing, the officers assumed that voicemail kicked in, however, they learned later that the phone was set in auto-answer. The caller was the intended recipient of the marijuana. Incidentally, he was able to overhear the officers during their search of the vehicle.  Not only did this give away details of the search to the individual on the phone, but it also potentially jeopardized the safety of the officers.  Louisiana State Police has confirmed the details of the auto-sound feature through Nextel. The feature can be accessed by pressing the * key and then the # key.  Then hit the arrow key until you see the auto-answer option.  You can also find out whether or not the feature is actually on, and you can program how many rings it will take to activate it, or to ring silently.  As stated in the Louisiana State Police Special Bulletin, April 2 edition: "This is a potentially serious threat to agents especially in a controlled delivery environment. Always check cell phones to make sure what kind they are. Be especially careful of Nextel phones when found and make sure the auto-answer feature is turned off or at least no one says anything near it that can be heard and tip off a potential suspect."  We have sent this warning out strictly to inform you of the POTENTIAL danger you could face if you find yourself in a similar situation. The phone itself poses no threat, but as with any device featured in our Weapons Warnings, in the hands of the wrong people it could be used in a potentially dangerous way. Specifically, these phones could be used as a communication device that could release official law enforcement information to a potential suspect.  Steve Uhrig, SWS Security, Maryland (USA)
Mfrs of electronic surveillance equip
mailto:Steve  website tel +1+410-879-4035, fax +1+410-836-1190
"In God we trust, all others we monitor"

@_date: 2002-05-04 13:08:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Why I fill this list with SPAM 
Jim pukes:
The shit you post is less than spam which has minimal
content and is anonymous or forged and took slim
intelligence to prepare and lob. You send your stinky
asswipe, in your own shitty name, as if having wiped your asshole with an article means you need someone
to tell you what's it said. Your momma may have done
that for you, and may still do it, whispering your tiny
brainlessness is so sweet, baby, but it's time Jim for you to use the Net for more than a replacement
ofr the slit trench you came out of squawling and Momma Choate, sober up, your mustardy bastard has grown into a mooning buffoon like his lickturd daddy. Poke him back uphole till he's fully developed
and housebreakable. Best, back to the future: sneak into a clinic and trash the shit machine, coathanger
its solid noggin.

@_date: 2002-05-08 14:56:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jeff Gordon and Robb London and Lucas Helder 
Today I received the government's response to my 2255 Motion to the
Federal District Court to take responsibility for the extreme injustices and
abrogation of Justice, in general, and the Constitution, in particular, during
the conduct of my arrest, trial and prosecution, and asked them to vacate
my convictions and sentence.
This, of course, will not happen.  It will not happen because THEY [TM]
have no sense of decency, justice, or shame and have no reason to fear
that even the most documentable and provable malfeasance on their part,
in the name of Justice, nonetheless, will make even the slightest dent in
the consciousness or consciensces of the general public.
Upon my release from prison, it was with heartfelt appreciation that I read
posts made to the Cypherpunks list around the time of my trial where
a number of individuals expressed both the desire and willingness to take
time out of their lives to attend my trial and to bear first-hand witness to
what was taking place, in the name of Justice, as the result of an
investigation that Jeff Gordon testified, under oath, that he had undertaken as a direct result of his role in the government's monitoring of the Cypherpunks list and the individuals on it, due to the serious threat that
the free speech and support of privacy and encryption issues poses
to the government.
He also stated that his investigation of me began as a result of a single
email to Jim Bell--an email that contained nothing more nor less than
a single chapter of a work of fiction, 'InfoWar,' which was sent to
Mr. Bell by the Author for the purpose of his reviewing it to ensure
that the portion of the work which dealt with his 'Assassination
Politics' article accurately reflected the concept.
It is thus logical to assume that it is entirely possible that each and
every member of the Cypherpunks list, and others, who had occasion
to communicate with Mr. Bell also became the subject of a government
investigation based first and foremost on THEIR [TM] desire to suppress and eliminate the perceived threat they felt from American
citizens exercising their Constitutional right to distribute and discuss
a document which is fully protected by the First Amendment.
I am proud to say that it can be found in the Court record that I spoke up
loudly when the government produced a witness list designed for the express purpose of denying Cypherpunks and members of my family
their right to attend the trial, by placing people they never intended to
call on the witness list and then asking that the 'witnesses' all be barred
from attending the trial.
I stated boldly for the record that this was exactly what they were doing,
and was proven right. This was, of course, actually proved to *nobody*
since the government was successful in keeping the trial an affair which was
not attended by anybody, as a result of both their arrogant malfeasance in
using their witness list as a weapon to negate the rights of the individuals
involved, and by their parallel massive assault, via a Grand Jury, on Cypherpunk William Geiger III, for daring to make a perfectly legal post
to the Cypherpunks list which was a most appropos illustration of a
point which I had intended to raise at the trial, and which, in fact, could and should have been introduced as valid evidence in my case.
The government's actions in this regard, combined with the Grand Jury
records, make it perfectly clear that the purpose of the whole affair was
blatant intimidation of William Geiger III, et al, since it was convened
only for the purpose of eliciting information that was already known to
the government, and concluded with no action being taken because
there never was any actionable cause at it's basis in the first place.
Jeff Gordon is not a subtle man, because he has no need to be, and it
would, in fact, interfere with his agenda of forceful intimidation of those
who pose a threat of exercising their free speech in any matter that
might support justice for those he is trying to imprison.
Jeff Gordon knews full well that his pointed question as to whether
Cypherpunk Adam Back ever travels to the U.S. would be a very
clear threat that Mr. Backs superbe effort in leading an excercise to provide
solid proof of a mathematical signed-key concept that could be used
to obtain justice on my behalf could result in his receiving the same
arrogant and high-handed treatment as William Geiger III and thus
find himself faced with a Grand Jury investigation for performing a
perfectly legal act that interfered with Jeff Gordon and Robb London's
Then there is John Young.  The tape recordings of the trial will make it
blatantly clear to anyone who listens to them that Jeff Gordon, in speaking
John Young's name (in the process of, wholly without proof, 'accusing' Mr. Young of performing the most abhorrent of perfectly legal actions)
literally *spits* out John Young's name with a venomous contempt and
hatred that was so powerful that it almost convinced even me to leap from
my seat and publically call for John Young's prosecution and hanging for
this unsubstantiated 'accusation' of Mr. Young having commited this
most dreadful of Perfectly Legal Crimes [TM].
It saddens me very much to have to say that, early in my trial, when I
still held out faint hope that I might still be allowed my constitutional
to mount a defense to the charges against me, I had to seriously consider
whether I should refrain from calling as witnesses certain Cypherpunks
and others who could provide valid evidence useful to my defense, for
the simple reason that doing so would expose them to the malfeasant
wrath of government agents Gordon and London.
As it turned out, this did not become an issue, since I had, against my will and in violation of my constitutional rights, an unwanted public
defender appointed to abrogate my rights and prevent any possibility
of my mounting any defense to the charges against me.
Judge Bryan has set a May 21, 2002, court date for the hearing of my
2255 Petition to the court.
Once again, I expect it to be played to an empty courtroom, and, indeed,
in light of the government's vicious campaign to harrass and intimidate
anyone who interferes with their agenda in the least way, it would be
foolish for anyone to attend and open themselves up to the powerful
wrath of Agent Gordon and Prosecutor London.
...because they view any citizen that attempts to hold their malfeasant
actions up to the light of day as Garbage...and a Target for their
venomous wrath.
I can state this with a clear conscience in this correspondence because
I have already stated it to their face.
But there was nobody there to hear...

@_date: 2002-05-26 18:26:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NYT: Techies Now Respect Government 
Officials, and journalists, accustomed to handling civil unrest
through police means, have to stretch to get their hands on
national security threats, in particular what to do with military
capabilities which are scaled for much greater threats than
the police can handle.
The military doesn't like civil affairs where a distinction has
to be made between innocents and opponents, where a battle
has to be fought while civil affairs continue. It blows whole
areas away, hardly affected by collateral damage laments.
Some military commentators have reported that th 9/11
losses are barely significant in military terms, but are a
big hit for police-scale mentality, and even bigger for
political mindsets which fear loss of face more than all
Terrorism thrives by remaining less than a military-scale
threat but is becoming more than police, and police-minded
officials and journalists like Friedman can handle can handle.
A nuke on DC or NYC could lead all of them to grow up,
a favorite theme of the Times these days about Silicon
The Times some months ago, by way of Jeffifer Lee, reported
on the fervor with with which high-tech firms are racing to
capitalize on the requirements for homeland security and
the rise in military actions, redefining product lines, digging
out civilian ideas for re-uniforming in national security
dress. Perhaps that is what Friedman is doing, scaling
up the picayune Palestinian dust-up to a global affair,
as he has tried futilely to do for years but failing due to
the required emphasis on its Jewish attribute for the
New York City readership yet paying the price of indifference
Friedman regularly these days predicts a series of suicide
bombings in New York City, and as a sidebar elsewhere in
the US. That police scale he is good at, but the military
scale of widespread carnage appears beyond his comprehension --
in the spirit of the once-isolated and comfortably insulated USA.
The problem with dismissing the drumbeat of terrorist alarms
is that the guardians could well let a few attacks happen to show
the citizenry the neeed to show respect for government. This is
not to suggest that 9/11 was such an attention-getting operation
but it certainly has fulfilled the dreams of those who warned
about it and are now reaping its benefits -- gov, mil, com and edu.

@_date: 2002-05-26 15:10:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT: Techies Now Respect Government 
Thomas Friedman in the New York Times today:
Webbed, Wired and Worried, May 26, 2002
I've been wondering how the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley were looking at the 9/11 tragedy; whether it was giving them
 any pause about the wired world they've been building and the assumptions they are building it upon. In a recent visit to Stanford University and Silicon Valley, I had a chance to pose these questions to techies. I found at least some of their libertarian, technology-will-solve-everything cockiness was gone. I found a much keener awareness that the unique web of technologies Silicon Valley was building before 9/11 -- from the Internet to powerful encryption software -- can be incredible force multipliers for individuals and small groups to do both good and evil. And I found an acknowledgment that all those technologies had been built with a high degree of trust as to how they would be used, and that that trust had been shaken. In its place is a greater appreciation that high-tech companies aren't just threatened by their competitors; but also by some of their users.
It was part of Silicon Valley lore that successful innovations would follow a well-trodden path: beginning with early adopters, then early mass-appeal users and finally the mass market. But it's clear now there is also a parallel,
criminal path: starting with the early perverters of a new technology up to the really twisted perverters. For instance, the 9/11 hijackers may have communicated globally through steganography software, which lets users e-mail, say, a baby picture that secretly contains a 300-page compressed document or even a voice message.
"We have engineered large parts of our system on an assumption of trust that may no longer be accurate," said a Stanford law professor, Joseph A. Grundfest. "Trust is hard-wired into everything from computers to the Internet to building codes. What kind of building codes you need depends on what kind of risks you thought were out there. The odds of someone flying a passenger jet into a tall building were zero before. They're not anymore. The whole objective of the terrorists is to reduce our trust in all the normal instruments and technologies we use in daily life. You wake up in the morning and trust that you can get to work across the Brooklyn Bridge -- don't. This is particularly
dangerous because societies which have a low degree of trust are backward societies."
Silicon Valley staunchly opposed the Clipper Chip, which would have given the government a back-door key to all U.S. encrypted data. Now some wonder whether they shouldn't have opposed it. John Doerr, the venture capitalist, said, "Culturally, the Valley was already maturing before 9/11, but since then it's definitely developed a deeper respect for leaders and government

@_date: 2002-06-08 13:00:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: FBI Net Tips 
A follow up on the LEO hit of Cryptome on 4 June 2002 referred
  Here's the LEO website:
  Activities described on this site appear to contradict recent congressional testimony by the FBI director and SA Rowley about the bureau's Internet ineptitude and out-of-date telecomm capabilities.
Just thought I'd follow up on the referer hit from leo.gov. I scanned
the leo.gov subnet from 4.21.116.1 on up to 4.21.116.254.
The dns name for 4.21.116.1 is genuity-gw1.leo.gov -- probably the
gateway which Genuity government ISP
   has set up to route traffic to and from the LEO system. Genuity appear to have quite the e-government business going. Your tax dollars at All of the "security" which the FBI talks about on its LEO page
   is probably just them throwing money at Genuity's rebranding of out-of-the-box VPN stuff from Alcatel and Nortel. VPNs and complex passwords and a special email server so their jokes don't get lost -- what will they think of next we are left asking. An expensive lame-net for people who think they're working if they click around on their computer screen between meetings with software vendors.
The lame commentary from the FBI suit on the LEO page would tend to confirm this. Sounds like the bureacrats everywhere who
feel that they are doing their job if they are spending money
justifying their job title.

@_date: 2002-06-07 14:21:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Militants Are All-American Osamas 
The New York Times, June 7, 2002
All-American Osamas
Nicholas Kristof
Militia members and Al Qaeda members are remarkably similar. Both are galvanized by religious extremism (America's militias overlap with the Christian Identity movement, which preaches that Jews are the children of Satan and that people of color are sub-human), both see the United States government as utterly evil, and both are empowered by the information revolution that enables them to create networks, recruit disciples and trade recipes for bio- and chemical weapons.
It would be a mistake to put one's faith in the militias' eternal incompetence. Jessica Stern of Harvard has written about an anti-government activist named James Dalton Bell, who earned a degree in chemistry from M.I.T. and is unquestionably brilliant. By age 14, he says, "I was studying the isomerization of benzyl thiocyanate to the isocyanate."
Weren't we all? But Mr. Bell, who is now in jail, is also believed by the authorities to have manufactured sarin, a nerve gas, in his basement. He led a chemical attack against an I.R.S. office and wrote an Internet book called "Assassination Politics," which outlines a very clever scheme to pay for contract killings of federal officials with digital cash in a way that preserves anonymity at both ends. There is also evidence that Mr. Bell talked "hypothetically" of poisoning a city's water supply.

@_date: 2002-06-06 13:18:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Mass Market Crypto Exportable 
The US Bureau of Industry and Security published today:
    (108KB)
Revisions and Clarifications to Encryption Controls in the Export
Administration Regulations--Implementation of Changes in Category 5,
Part 2 (``Information Security''), of the Wassenaar Arrangement List of
Dual-Use Goods and Other Technologies
SUMMARY: This rule amends the Export Administration Regulations (EAR)
to reflect changes made to the Wassenaar Arrangement List of dual-use
items, and to update and clarify other provisions of the EAR pertaining
to encryption export controls. Consistent with the Wassenaar changes,
Note No. 3 (``Cryptography Note'') to Category 5--part II (Information
Security) of the Commerce Control List (CCL) is amended to allow mass
market treatment for all encryption products, including products with
symmetric algorithms employing key lengths greater than 64-bits, that
previously were not eligible for mass market treatment. As a result,
for the first time, mass market encryption commodities and software
with symmetric key lengths exceeding 64 bits may be exported and
reexported to most destinations without a license under Export Control
Classification Numbers (ECCNs) 5A992 and 5D992, following a 30-day
review by the Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) (formerly the
Bureau of Export Administration (BXA)). In addition, this rule, for the
first time, allows equipment controlled under ECCN 5B002 to be exported
and reexported under License Exception ENC. For all other information
security items, including encryption source code that would be
considered publicly available, this rule updates and clarifies existing
notification, review, licensing and post-export reporting requirements.
Restrictions on exports and reexports of encryption items to terrorist-
supporting states (Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and
Syria), their nationals and other sanctioned persons (individuals and
entities) are not changed by this rule.
DATES: This rule is effective June 6, 2002.

@_date: 2002-06-04 18:51:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Net Tips 
This hit to Cryptome today must be the rapid response to Ashcroft's openly sicking the FBI on the net:
  Leo.gov is an FBI domain, though its use is not limited to that
Our posting aerial views of nuclear submarine bases is probably what led to this tip, but the surveillance may be more wide-ranging.
DoJ/FBI has been grabbing all of the views which are taken
from MapQuest and TerraServer. But all the bases featured
are eagerly downloading the appreciation too.
NSA and CIA have stepped up their visits. And their foreign
emulators. As hearings begin on the uneyeballed wonderlands.

@_date: 2002-06-04 18:16:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re:  FBI Net Tips 
True, the home.leo.gov referrer could be a spoof, indeed, reads more like a spoof than the real thing which used to be partially
camouflaged, except so did Bush, Ashcroft and company before 9/11, well, before the Florida and Supreme Court
assault on the assaulting enemies of the state.
Now bald-faced teeth baring, uh, Carnivore, seems silly
compared to outright indiscriminate chomping like locusts.
"We're at war," the locusts chew and puke into the global
terrorism database. Seaching for WMD targets, inventing

@_date: 2002-06-23 02:02:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
I appreciate what an honorable ISP admin will do to abide customer
rights over intrusive snoopers and perhaps cooperative administrators
above the pay grade of a sysadmin. Know that a decent sysadmin is on for about 1/3 of a weekday for 24x7 systems is a small comfort but
leaves unanswered what can happen:
1. During that time when a hero is elsewhere.
2. Upstream of the ISP, the router of the ISP and the nodes serving
routers, as well as at a variety of cache systems serving there various
3. At major providers serving a slew of smaller ISPs. In this case I
reported a while back of a sysadmin telling what my ISP, NTT/Verio,
is doing at its major node in Dallas: allowing the FBI to freely scan
everything that passes through the Verio system under an agreement
reached with NTT when it bought Verio.
No matter what a local sysadmin does with data, it remains very
possible that data is scanned, stored and fucked with in nasty ways
coming and going such that no single sysadmin can catch it.
End to end crypt certainly could help but there is still a fair abount
of TA that can be done unless packets are truly disintegrated and/or
camouflaged at the source before data leaves the originating box.
Pumping through anonymizers, inserting within onions, subdermal pigging back on innocuous wireless packets of the financial advisor
door, multiple partial sends, stego-ing, data static and traffic salting, bouncing off the moon or windowpane, what else can you do when
an eager beaver industry is racing to do whatever it takes to build
markets among the data controllers breathing hot about threats to
national security and handing out life-saving contracts to hard-up
peddlers shocked out of their skivvies with digital downturn.
No patriotic act is too sleazy these days that cannot be justified by
terror of red ink and looming layoffs.

@_date: 2002-06-22 23:42:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
I appreciate what an honorable ISP admin will do to abide customer
rights over intrusive snoopers and perhaps cooperative administrators
above the pay grade of a sysadmin. Know that a decent sysadmin is on for about 1/3 of a weekday for 24x7 systems is a small comfort but
leaves unanswered what can happen:
1. During that time when a hero is elsewhere.
2. Upstream of the ISP, the router of the ISP and the nodes serving
routers, as well as at a variety of cache systems serving there various
3. At major providers serving a slew of smaller ISPs. In this case I
reported a while back of a sysadmin telling what my ISP, NTT/Verio,
is doing at its major node in Dallas: allowing the FBI to freely scan
everything that passes through the Verio system under an agreement
reached with NTT when it bought Verio.
No matter what a local sysadmin does with data, it remains very
possible that data is scanned, stored and fucked with in nasty ways
coming and going such that no single sysadmin can catch it.
End to end crypt certainly could help but there is still a fair abount
of TA that can be done unless packets are truly disintegrated and/or
camouflaged at the source before data leaves the originating box.
Pumping through anonymizers, inserting within onions, subdermal pigging back on innocuous wireless packets of the financial advisor
door, multiple partial sends, stego-ing, data static and traffic salting, bouncing off the moon or windowpane, what else can you do when
an eager beaver industry is racing to do whatever it takes to build
markets among the data controllers breathing hot about threats to
national security and handing out life-saving contracts to hard-up
peddlers shocked out of their skivvies with digital downturn.
No patriotic act is too sleazy these days that cannot be justified by
terror of red ink and looming layoffs.

@_date: 2002-06-21 23:25:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
Data retention is being done now by programs and services
which cache data to ease loading on servers and networks.
No approval needed from  anybody, indeed, the service is
being offered as a cost saver and expeditor of net services
to ISPs and anybody else who might be eager to get around
restrictions on data retention, not because of privacy and
civil liberties concerns but because the increase in loading
and competition is driving the technology.
What will prevent an ISP from sharing its cached data retention,

@_date: 2002-06-21 23:11:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
Data retention is being done now by programs and services
which cache data to ease loading on servers and networks.
No approval needed from  anybody, indeed, the service is
being offered as a cost saver and expeditor of net services
to ISPs and anybody else who might be eager to get around
restrictions on data retention, not because of privacy and
civil liberties concerns but because the increase in loading
and competition is driving the technology.
What will prevent an ISP from sharing its cached data retention,

@_date: 2002-07-24 21:13:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoD To Mark PKI Cert 1M 
From the United States Department of Defense
No. 136-P
PRESS ADVISORY  July 24, 2002
The DoD Chief Information Officer John Stenbit will conduct a demonstration of the DoD's use of its public key infrastructure (PKI) to mark issuance of the millionth PKI certificate set, Friday, July 26, at 11:30 a.m. EDT in the DoD Briefing Room, Pentagon 2E781.
For more information on DoD use of PKI and common access cards, see Defenselink at
Media without a Pentagon building pass must have proof of affiliation and two forms of photo identification and should be at the River Entrance by 11 a.m. Please call (703) 697-5131 for an escort into the building.

@_date: 2002-07-21 00:40:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 300 Per Cent Return on Campaign Slush 
Nice comment on Bill Moyer's NOW last night by John Bogle, "described by Fortune Magazine as one of the investment industrys four giants of the 20th century.":
  It's no surpise smart businesses invest in DC political   contributions. You can get 300% return, compared to   only 15-20% of the top corporate stocks.
Mr. Bogle believes this is a scandal, and while he does
not believe in governmental intervention against corporate
corruption he does favor higher ethical standards. He
thinks the giant mutal funds and governmental pension
funds -- some 75 of them control 45% of all stocks -- should forego pursuit of maximum return on their investments and demand that corporations stop corrupt practices. He said it is amazing that the mutual funds are so quiet about their losses, except for the fact that they have been the greatest beneficiaries of corruption,
rather 300% ROI.

@_date: 2002-07-19 04:30:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Magaw forced out as security chief 
Yes, now two of the named defendants in Gilmore's suit
are on their way out of office: head of FAA and now TSA. Not bad results for the first 12 hours.

@_date: 2002-07-18 11:48:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gilmore Sues on FAA ID 
John Gilmore initiated a federal suit today in CA Northern District against Ashcroft, et al, challenging the air travel ID requirement:

@_date: 2002-07-12 23:16:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Rant: The U.S. facing the largest financial collapse ever 
Bear in mind that the holders of US debts do not want the debts
paid, only the interest, and in fact want both to increase as they
have consistently since the US government went into hock.
A prime reason holders of US debt fear other countries defaulting
on their debt is that that might become a promising political campaign
in the US where debt of all kinds are glorified and where unpaid debts
are the greatest sins so long as the debts are owed by the USG and
credit card, family home and car, debtors.
Gigantic debts by well to do are signs of accomplishment and no
wealthy person wants to be large-debt-free. Instead what is wanted is
a top-notch credit rating, that is desirable to be an debtor who can
call for whatever is needed at the moment without expending the
small amount of cash on hand, which is called pocket change.
The biggest debtors are the super rich, and their combined debts
exceed that of the US Government. Such debts are customarily
called investments purchased with borrowed money or other
forms of investments. These superwealthy schemes based on
superimpositions are very large Ponzi schemes, nearly all of which rely up government underwriting either by permissable
law or by assurance of bail-out -- not surprisingly as a last
resort to claim national security is at stake, or even less
surprising, require war to thin the complainers of small
debts and to boost war industry replenishment of large
fortunes. Nothing peculiar about the US doing this, for it
is what governments were invented for: to assure continued
well-being for the favored while promising a chicken in every
for the starving and promising as well that the starving must
work for the chicken freely stolen by the wealthy.
Capitalism didn't begin this dreadful state of affairs, it merely
copied more brazen versions and cloaked its intentions with
simulated democracy, sometimes smirkingly called free market forces by its beneficiaries. Getting the small debtors to lust after Wall Street is  nothing compared to getting them drunk with patriotism so they'll send their idiot off-spring to kill those hungry like themselves while George slurps Hagen-Daas from Condi's navel.
The key to success is getting the really smart hungry people
to feed your mind and gut and wipe your ass while believing like national security teams they are really in charge. How do you
do that? The successful claim it was hard work and luck, and
anyone can do it. Haw. Haw. Haw.

@_date: 2002-07-11 13:51:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Microsoft's Second DRM Patent 
Cryptome offers Microsoft's second patent on digital rights management, invented by the same three persons as the first, Paul England, John DeTreville and Butler Lampson:
  This second patent was issued on December 7, 2001, a week before the first available here:
  John DeTreville wrote on July 8, 2002, that neither he nor Butler
Lampson were Palladium programmers, as distinguished from Paul England
who was cited by Steven Levy in Newsweek as a Palladium programmer.
John referred to another patent underlying Palladium.
Cryptome did a search of the US Patent Office archives for other patents by the three inventors and for those assigned to Microsoft from 1996 to July 9, 2002. Only two patents for digtial rights management were listed, out of more than 2,000 Microsoft patents for the period:
the two referenced above on Cryptome.
Ross Anderson reported yesterday that MSNBC has pulled the Palladium article by Steven Levy, which is now here:
  See Ross's updated FAQ on TCPA and Palladium:

@_date: 2002-07-02 19:10:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Outlawing general purpose computers *is* feasible 
Outlawing computers is perfect for outlaws, though the public at large may be buffaloed into consuming whatever is pushed in
its direction for safety and security in lieu of outlawed freedom to choose.
And gray and black markets will supply those public members
who get fed up with crowd-control tools of limited interaction.
Indeed, an anti-patriot might welcome oppressive operating
systems and chips as a boon to increasing the number of people who won't accept being told how to interact with their computers.
If MS and buddies are successful in getting a clamp on
what you can do with mass-marketed computers then the
colored market for alternatives will rocket.
To be sure the illegal boxes will have to be kept out of sight,
and here the moonshiners have a wealth of information to
share, along with arms merchants, drug kingpins, money
launderers, rogue nations, guerillas, rebels, anti-royalists,
just about anybody who is not part of the momentarily ruling crowd of thieves.
And don't overlook the insiders ever eager to cut a deal
against their vile bosses, to pass along tips on what is being
hidden in the MS/gov-approved boxes, how to get around it,
what will beat it, and so on, in the glorious anarcho tradition,
cooking up new ways of doing business off the grid, mostly
by offering better products than those of available at the
endless-patch mall.
Salespeople overeager to capitalize on an short-term market
with shoddy products are rainmakers for makers of dependable tools. Gates is nothing but a salesperson to his best customers,
the TLA national security hustlers.
Sure, you'll have to cut-tongue an anarcho rat become a salesperson
now and then, but that's why box cutting scimitars are blessed by the Beezlebub. Metaphorically speaking.

@_date: 2002-07-03 18:31:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
Socialism in the US, and elsewhere, transmogrified into other movements which adopted some of its aspects and mixed them
with other social and political intentions. To be sure, socialism
was such a mongrel itself, as was and is, capitalism. Hardly
a political ideology is not an opportunistic blend of what will
work, and which will evolve in a winning direction, hopefully.
Capitalism is infused with socialist benefits for its practitioners,
and democratic socialism pervasive in Europe is infused
with luxurious elitism which favors those who enjoy heirarchies.
Anti-political ideologies are about the only schemes which
do not hide what they are made of, have stolen from, deny
they are, all the while reaping rewards that come with
Even anarchy as most often practiced benefits mostly its
promulgators at the expense of their followers -- yes,
anarchists are composed of dues-stealing leaders and dunned followers no matter what its ideolgues preach.
A most pernicious ideology is that of individualism,
particularly the "rugged" version, in which person espouses
a rejection of all ideology while gobbling among the
garbage heap of ideology for bits and pieces to confect
a seemingly unique brew of convictions which when examined
shows nothing more than what ignorance can engender in the
way of mongrelism triumphant.
Sometimes, praise allah, ignorance does surpass wisdom
in weeding out incestous ideologies, so contaminated by
each other's liftings and copyings and prevarications that
they are hulks without substance, and instead of these
skins of shallowest appearance grow a novel set of ideas
which fit the times, for a brief period at least. Those who
follow these novelties are considered mad by the main
street phlegmatics who may insist the sheriff kill the terrifying varmints, and the sheriff may do that provided deputies sent to do the pesticide are not members of the
rebellion always bubbling beneath the appearance of
law and order.

@_date: 2002-07-07 18:13:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Smart ID Cards Planned for Sailors to Spot Terrorists 
Bob "Open Mike" Hettinga  kariokaed:
Rolling in the phsst-shot EVA, shitting my spacesuit, wailing for yo momma's impaired irony: gameboy, that's not a joystick.

@_date: 2002-07-13 01:25:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
Ross said MSNBC had pulled the Palladium story, not Newsweek. Other Levy stories remain available on MSNBC. A search on
MSNBC for "Palladium" produces Steven Levy's chat about
  Still, it may policy for MSNBC to pull Newsweek stories after a few
days that don't contribute to the MS shine.
Further still, shine thine eyes on this line-up of TCPA wiseguys:
The US Dept. of Commerce Technology Administration is inviting the
public to make comments for the upcomming Workshop on Digital
Entertainment and Rights Management.  The workshop will be held on
July 17.
Co-chairs Bond and Rogan will be joined by:
- Jack Valenti, of Motion Picture Association of America
- Rhett Dawson, of Information Technology Industry Council
- Joe Tasker, of Information Technology Association of America
- Mitch Glazier, Record Industry Association of America
- Jon Potter, Digital Media Association
- Stewart Vendery, Vivendi Universal
- Preston Padden, Disney
- Mike Miron, ContentGuard
- Rick Lane, News Corp
- Gordon Lyon, NIST
- Rob Reid, Listen.com
- Phillip Maggi, Computer Systems Policy Project
- Tim Sheehy, IBM
- Andrew Moss, Microsoft
- Ted Cohen, EMI
- Doug Comer, Intel
- Bob Schwartz, McDermott, Will & Emery (representing CEA
  and the Home Recording Rights Coalition.)
They are asking for comments on the following:
  * The effectiveness of efforts to pursue technical standards or
    solutions that are designed to provide a more predictable and
    secure environment for digital transmission of copyrighted
    material;
  * Major obstacles facing an open commercial exchange of digital
    content;   * What a future framework for success might entail;   * Current consumer attitude towards online entertainment.

@_date: 2002-07-11 03:15:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
We failed to save a copy of Steven Levy's Palladium article in Newsweek and online at MSNBC, now withdrawn by MSNBC. We can find no copy online. Whoever save a copy: we would like to receive it for publication to assure its continued availability.
A Microsoft programmer, John DeTreville, named in the alleged "Palladium" patent published on Cryptome, has written us (copy below) to deny the ms-drm-os patent is Palladium -- which he claims is based on another patent or several of them. We would appreciate leads on which patent or patents he is referring to.
Are you a good contact person for the information on the Microsoft DRM patent (6,330,670) on cryptome.org?
The pages linked from  say that the authors of this patent (England, DeTreville, and Lampson) were identified by Newsweek as Palladium programmers.
I can reliably state that I (DeTreville) am not a Palladium programmer, and neither is Butler Lampson.
I believe that the Newsweek article was referring to a different patent. I'm sure that the Palladium participants jointly hold a significant number of important patents in the field of computer security.
John's message has been added to the file at:

@_date: 2002-08-30 15:26:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USA v. Abdallah Higazy 
Cryptome offers 2 court orders and 22 formerly sealed documents in the case of Abdallah Higazy, an Egyptian national in the US to attend school, who was detained as a material witness based on a false accusation by a hotel guard of possessing an air-to-ground communcation device while staying in a hotel across from the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. Higazy was also allegedly coerced by an FBI agent during a polygraph examination to admit possessing the device, and an investigation of this coercion is underway.     (440KB)
The documents were unsealed on August 14, 2002 in response to a request by reporter Ben Weiser of the New York Times.
Related news reports in the New York Times, August 16, 2002, and the Village Voice, August 28, 2002 provide some of the information redacted.   It was dumb luck, not good police work, that freed Higazy. But the two   FBI agents named in papers making the botched case against him are   likely still investigating the September 11 attacks. The FBI's New York   office would not comment on personnel questions, but a knowledgeable   law enforcement source says neither of the agents -- Christopher Bruno   and Vince Sullivan -- was ever disciplined or retrained.

@_date: 2002-08-26 17:26:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Schneier: Homeland Security Needs Cops 
In the September Atlantic Monthly Bruce Schneier explains
yet again why cryptography is not the solution to security;
what's needed are private cyber cops like his:
  Amazing how Bruce's philosopy matches that of those
he once combated in the "crypto wars." He recants crypto
security to remind that there is never to be found lasting
security, as with the TLAs worldwide, except by well-paid
vigilance of those who know best how to protect us. He may be right, or he may smell Starbucks.
When I asked Schneier why Counterpane had such Darth
Vaderish command centers, he laughed and said it
helped to reassure potential clients that the company had
mastered the technology. I asked if clients ever inquired
how Counterpane trains the guards and analysts in the
command centers. "Not often," he said, although that
training is in fact the center of the whole system. Mixing
long stretches of inactivity with short bursts of frenzy,
the work rhythm of the Counterpane guards would have
been familiar to police officers and firefighters
everywhere. As I watched the guards, they were slurping
soft drinks, listening to techno-death metal, and waiting
for something to go wrong. They were in a protected
space, looking out at a dangerous world. Sentries around
Neolithic campfires did the same thing. Nothing better
has been discovered since. Thinking otherwise, in
Schneier's view, is a really terrible idea. Heroes, by god, what we need are more poster boy heroes.

@_date: 2002-08-20 12:36:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Declan McCullagh on politics and DMCA 
Bear in mind that Declan has always favored the copyright industry,
after all that fits his ambition to be a star in that field, not that he
is alone in seeking media celebrity by seducing others with the
allure of attention and fame. He drops way too many names
not to come across as an accomplished, striving star-sucker.
Declan covers issues in a balanced way, so the story always
goes, though the balance is always tipped toward those he
wants to flatter -- which is toward the winners side, the bigger the
winners the more likely the scale will be tipped by Times magazine
speak of featuring the stars which mesmerize star-struck readers and, not least, publishers and editors and the copyright bandits
which thrive on celebrity mongering -- fabrication, gloss,
lies, deception, condescension toward the nobodies which
buy their dreck, a la Waterboy Valenti et al.
Promoting winners over losers is a giant industry, the American
way of doing business. Sorry to say, Nomen, this is not courageous
reporting, it is formulaic suck-up.
This is not to demean Declan as a person, he's "a nice guy," --
he slurs me condescendingly similarly -- only to note what he does for who he works for is vile, pretentious, not at all objective.
In that hired-gun demeanor he is a professional, if you know what I demean.

@_date: 2002-08-15 22:33:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: TCPA hack delay appeal 
Well, it's probably safer to publish the hack anonymously
and see if it withstands counter-hacking. Could be Microsoft
is baiting and waiting for just such attacks. The giant might
even leak and spread a few itself in order to shoot them down, to boost its eye-mote credibility.
Send the hack to Cryptome anonymously if there's no better way to test its effectiveness. Keeping snakeoil secret is a sure
way to uncontested success, aka the way of Redmond.

@_date: 2002-08-20 23:50:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Bankrupt Digicash Made $481K in 1999 
Yes, Steve, the 1099 describes payments made to others, or is supposed to, but 1099s are shifty and don't always conform to reality. So if you believe the 1099, Digicash either made at least $481K
or got it somehow or just made up the number in a venture to
fleece a lender or flummox a Chaum Family doubter. Note the checked box for "corrected." What was originally reported is
unknown. But whoever got stiffed by Digicash's bankruptcy might
like to know more about where the $481, real or fictional, came from as well as how that compares to what was initially "incorrectly" reported to IRS, to the bankruptcy court and to debtors -- some
of the latter, as noted here long ago, are aggrieved employees.
Note also that the 1099 is not signed and dated. Whether it is
a draft or final is unknown. Could even be a piece of pure shit
sunshine in accord with never, ever lie to the IRS principal
all citizens follow.
Robert, WTF you asking? The doc came from Anonymous,
the one and only reliable source. Inhale, hold it.

@_date: 2002-09-10 16:30:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Intel Patents Anonymity Server 
[Excerpt. There are 15 images in the patent.]
Anonymity Server, May 14, 2002
1. Field
The present invention relates to the field of communications. More particularly, the present invention relates to a system and method for maintaining anonymous and traffic analysis resistant communications over a communication link.
2. Related Art
Over the last few years, personal and commercial usage of the Internet has increased dramatically. As a result, companies are beginning to monitor such usage for a number of reasons. For example, marketing companies can analyze Internet traffic in order to develop consumer profiles of various users or to obtain information about ongoing projects by a competitive company.
In an attempt to thwart data collection through traffic analysis and provide message anonymity over public communication links like the Internet, anonymous remailers are now being provided. An "anonymous remailer" is a computer that
receives an electronic message over a communication link from a sender and redirects that electronic message to an intended recipient. By encrypting audible and/or viewable data of the electronic message, the integrity and confidentiality of that data would be protected against unauthorized access
by the operator of the anonymous remailer or an interloper.
It is evident that the above-described conventional communication scheme would substantially ensure the preservation of the integrity and confidentiality of data within an electronic message. However, this conventional communication scheme fails to protect the integrity or confidentiality of data transmitted back to the original sender in the form of a response from the intended
In certain situations, anonymous remailers have been configured to assign a unique tag to each original sender of an electronic message before the electronic message is redirected to the intended recipient. This tag is used as a secret key by the intended recipient to encrypt data contained in a response to the electronic message. However, to support this communication scheme, the anonymous remailer would have to decrypt the response with the
tag and re-encrypt the response with the public key of the original sender because the intended recipient would have no knowledge of the original sender, namely a public key of the original sender. Since the operator responsible for the anonymous remailer would have access to the return path of the response, reliance on the integrity of that operator is required. Clearly, this substantially reduces the level of *security* of this communication scheme.
Therefore, it would be desirable to create an electronic system and a corresponding method for maintaining anonymous and traffic analysis resistant communications over a communication link without dependence on the integrity of the system operator.

@_date: 2002-12-28 23:16:39
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: NSA Show Sexually Arouses Hanssen 
The 20/20 TV show on December 27, 2002 had a segment on Robert Hanssen, FBI
spy, in which he is described as becoming sexually aroused by a National
Security Agency PowerPoint presentation and stroked himself through his pants,
according to Eric O'Neill, a young FBI agent who had been assigned to covertly
report on Hanssens's activities. (The show transcript omits the stroking
description and demonstration on camera by O'Neill.) Crypome invites
information on which NSA presentation aroused Hanssen, and a copy of it for
publication. Send to jya
20/20 report:

@_date: 2003-01-19 12:31:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: [linux-elitists] LOCAL Stanford University: face down the 
Based on Larry Augustin's apology for cops and his avowed closeness to them, a protest is even more deserved against him if not the other participants.
Larry appears to be quoting from the COPS PR manual for garnering public support to offset deserved criticism of official misbehavior.
Larry is not alone in seeing the lucrative benefits of defending the giant law enforcement and national security industries, why you can read the turncoats all around the world of digital opportunity going on about the need for vigilance on the dangerous Net and worse, advocating prowling Intel-inside private computers networks to spot looming threats.
As just one example see Counterpane's recent crowing about success, one of its lengthening series of warnings about the need for more and more security against the dangerous digital hordes, and less and less warnings about the need to protect against official and commercial invaders who are handing out lucrative contracts to Net security firms and professionals.
Nothng like a fat bribe to convert pagans to organized terrorists screaming beware the sinners. Hmm, wasn't St. Augustine a prime role model for that crossover, as if Larry Augustin is a namesake.
To be sure, informers are best recruited from the pagans for they know how to magnify the hazards of their clan.

@_date: 2003-02-02 12:32:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Flaming the Clueless 
It's common for those accomplished in one field to believe that ability is confidently transferrable to another, in particular for social, political and religious matters -- and vice versa.
Endeavors which require close, sustained concentration and logical methodologies seldom help with challenges which require noodling, free-form creativity, openness to disagreement, compromise. And vice versa.
Disaster looms when a logical minded person gains political power and sets out to arrange a nation into a perfect society as if a machine for sharply controlled output. And vice versa when a muddled-headed dreamer sets out to design and manufacture physical structures.
Yet again and again this happens: logical nuts get into positions of political power -- left, right and center, anarcho and theological -- and all to often millions suffer, and multi-thousands are murdered. Or an all-loving putz so narcotizes adherents to believe heaven on earth is at hand that mass suicide occurs, not least by letting a logical nut annihilate the willing victims.
Cluelessness abounds, not only on cpunks but in all fields, almost as commonplace as clueless flaming. Flaming the clueless is perfect proof that flamers are no wiser than those they mimic.
Never let an over-confident thinker run anything except bath water and never obey a beloved mush-brain calling for war. Yet here we are, flaming the clueless at hand as if whistling is courageous deep-thinking.
Auto-didact, heal your ignorance, to be sure, a contradiction.

@_date: 2003-06-19 20:21:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Destroying government computers 
Hatch issued a press release yesterday softening his remarks
but not recanting. His statement at the hearing does indeed
raise the national security threat of P2P in which mil and gov
computers using P2P could be attacked by evildoers and grab
nation-threatening information, or damage the machines.
This threat of commingling mil, gov and public users relates to
the recent CIA publication which says the Agency will not use
public networks to gather information in fear that classified
systems will be compromised. Thus, the Agency remains in the
dark about vast amounts of information available to the public,
which in turn likely distorts its intelligence reporting to national
It would be wondrous if the Internet gradually turns the spooks
inward to protect their out of date secrets, even more so, such that they self-destruct like other historical institutions which
became so obsessed with their secrets they lost touch with
their supporters, indeed came to see their increasingly skeptical
supporters, outsiders, as the principal threats, and so instituted
even more spying among their supporters, meanwhile neglecting
genuine threats more distantly located.
That would fit the DC model of reality, the faith in inside information
no matter how foul just so long as only a few had access to it. Perfect
setup for manipulating the dimbulbs.
Belgium has a good idea to go after war criminals whereever they
hide behind national borders, or as in Congress, legislative
immunity coutured in national security.

@_date: 2003-06-17 15:32:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Encryption Export Clarified 
The Bureau of Industry and Security today issued:
Export Administration Regulations: Encryption Clarifications and SUMMARY: This rule amends the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) to clarify when encryption commodities and software may be given de minimis treatment, when short-range wireless devices incorporating encryption may be given mass market or retail treatment, and to provide guidance on when exporters are required to submit encryption review requests. It also expands the authorizations according to which travelers departing the United States may take encryption for their personal use, and clarifies that specially designed medical equipment and software are not controlled as encryption or ``information security'' items under the EAR. Finally this rule implements changes to the Wassenaar Arrangement List of dual-use items (agreed upon in the September 2002 meeting and finalized in December 2002) that eliminate from Export Control Classification Number (ECCN) 5A002 certain types of ``Personalized smart cards'' and equipment specially designed and limited to controlling access to copyright protected data.

@_date: 2003-06-13 19:26:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Image Steganography Patent 
The US Army today announced the availability of licensing
of its patent for "Spread Spectrum Image Steganography:"
      (with copy of the patent)
Patent Abstract
The Spread Spectrum Image Steganography (SSIS) of the present invention is a data hiding/secret communication steganographic system which uses digital imagery as a cover signal. SSIS provides the ability to hide a significant quantity of information bits within digital images while avoiding detection by an observer. The message is recovered with low error probability due the use of error control coding. SSIS payload is, at a minimum, an order of magnitude greater than of existing watermarking methods. Furthermore, the original image is not needed to extract the hidden information. The proposed recipient need only possess a key in order to reveal the secret message. The very existence of the hidden information is virtually undetectable by human or computer analysis. Finally, SSIS provides resiliency to transmission noise, like that found in a wireless environment and low levels of compression.
Patent No.: 6,557,103
Granted:  April 29, 2003
Boncelet, Jr.; Charles G. (Newark, DE);       Marvel; Lisa M. (Churchville, MD); Retter; Charles T. (Belcamp,  MD)
The United States of America as represented
by the Secretary of the Army (Washington, DC)

@_date: 2003-06-11 18:09:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Secrets of Computer Espionage: Tactics and Countermeasures 
New book by cpunk Joel McNamara who runs the Tempest website:
   Secrets of Computer Espionage: Tactics and Countermeasures
by Joel McNamara
Covers electronic and wireless eavesdropping, computer surveillance, intelligence gathering, password cracking, keylogging, data duplication, black bag computer spy jobs, reconnaissance, risk assessment, legal issues, and advanced spying techniques used by the government.
Author shares easily-implemented countermeasures against spying to detect and defeat eavesdroppers and other hostile individuals.
Addresses legal issues, including the U.S. Patriot Act, legal spying in the workplace, and computer fraud crimes. ISBN 0-7645-3710-5
384 Pages
June 2003

@_date: 2003-07-24 16:30:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jerk with a t-shirt 
The rights of property owners, especially commercial property,
are not as absolute as sometimes argued. Due to the public
services provided by governmental authorities, tax perqs not
the least, property owners are required to abide a diverse range
of laws and regulations to provide assurance that people on the
property are safe. These people include the property owner,
family members, employees, customers and others who may
not be capable of judging what is safe.
Similarly, retail property owners are obliged to provide assurances
to customers that they are safe as prescribed by zoning, building
and health codes. To be sure there is a lucrative industry of professionals who advise property owners how to skirt these
requirements -- public relations mongers, lobbyists, lawyers, zoning consultants, architects, engineers, planners, politicians, so-called public interest groups, bribers, liars, cheaters, the mob, whores, pimps, and so on. Most of these are lightly or unregulated, even those ostensibly licensed to protect the public interest are
happy to front for those whose only interest is criminal profit.
Keep this in mind: whenever someone argues for the right to
do what they want on their property they are blowing shit in your
face while picking your pocket and placing you and your beloved
mongrels in danger through a smart-ass range of distancing, exculpatory
mechanisms, not least several of the constitutional amendments which were set up for just that purpose by the original continental
landscape thieves and which are forever being updated to keep the our-screw-you-laws-are-fair-laws racket running smoothly. Thanks to two centuries of warping law and culture to bias stolen
property owners, no property owner takes full risk these days,
but some will have you killed if you question that, that's what the
justice and national security mob is paid handsomely to enforce.
Department of Homeland Security looks to be the greatest ever
privacy and property expropriation since the national security apparatus
was set up after WW2, stolen from the public in the name of protecting it, given over to the homesec contractors, mediated by the homesec slicksters. "Homeland" is the false positive, as was "national defense."

@_date: 2003-07-04 20:38:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Radiation Sniffer 
The radiation sniffer in NYC and proposed for elsewhere
in the US is described in this DOE doc:
  Here's the aircraft monitoring program:
  There's more on a variety of homeland security monitoring programs at
    EML is the DOE's Environmental Monitoring Laboratory
located in NYC, whose history goes back to the earliest
days of the nuclear age when it was set up to track
medical and health effects of nuclear weapons. It now
does worldwide monitoring of nuclear activities.
Why is it located in NYC? Up on the 7th Floor of a non-descript office building, along with a batch of
federal agencies such as a passport office, social
security and what not. The classified work of the
lab must account for the amazing entrance security you have to go through to get a passport renewed.
Reminds of going to a plain-jane office building at
an outer edge of DC a while back, heading for a
meeting with a construction firm, when, bam, step inside the lobby and there you are facing a heavily armed phalanx of federal police and camouflaged soldiers. You ask the M-16 bristling receptionist
about the firm and she barks for the team to surround
the perp, demands ID, says you know where your
Uh, sure, I say, this is the capital of the free world.
Smart ass, she says, not any more. This country is ours. Show me what's in that bag.
So I did.
She screamed when it dawned on her what she was
seeing in my tote. The troops jumped back as if
Sir, she said, we would appreciate it if you would
just leave. Yes, sir, the troops chorused, just please
leave the premises, what's in that bag is not what we enlisted to handle.
Here, I said, taking the device out of the tote, have a
No, no, no, they all yelped, and backed against the
wall, legs shaking, weapons clattering to the floor,
please take it away. Have mercy, sir.
Well, I said, okay, if it scares you, and put away the gleaming jewel of kryptonite, titled fine print US
Constitution, printed in China.

@_date: 2003-07-03 16:57:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Web Privacy War 
WSJ today reports on the war between web privacy firms
and the feds:
  Lance Cottrell and other privacy protection firms are featured --
does Anonymizer really bring in up to a $1M a year?
Lance says he doesn't keep logs thus cannot respond to
subpoenas. Other privacy firms are said to cooperate
with the feds. One brags that national security trumps
making money. As if they natsec is not the biggest money
maker of all time, though homesec is coming on strong.
Privsec in the race, though deniability is mandatory.
It notes the demise of Zero Knowledge just before the Patriot
Act started the boom in people seeking protection from official spies. Darn. But then we don't know what ZK is
doing black with the contacts it eagerly gathered in its meetings with the feds.

@_date: 2003-07-19 21:04:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Unsubtle Wetwork 
Perhaps a suicide but if so it was induced by Kelly's treatment,
not only by the goofus members of parliament, but more likely
by the Ministry of Defence threatening to punish him for violation
of the draconian Official Secrets Act.
The Brits for all their admirable humor about vulgarity -- the new
GCHQ called a "gaping anus" -- can be vile sonsofbitches
when it comes to demanding obedience to authority, with the
OSA a prime weapon to assure proper behavior or else. Beyond
that there can be truly devastating social outcast penalties,
and the worst of all, blackest of humor, withholding royal honors.
Too bad the British realm never had to experience the cleansing
guillotine -- by the populace not by the authorities.
Due to that lack, and the USA's similar lack of final justice, pea-brained
officials can get away with official murder, destruction of lives, lying
and cheating for personal gain while holding office, or best, after
leaving office.
Foster's "suicide" for the Clintons, like Kelly's, is a sign that the
time is ever ripe to execute the Tim May Final Option in lieu of
believing what appears in the media, is told to surviving families,
is joked about in the private clubs of capitals around the globe.
At least the Reds owned up to their ideological perfidy, unlike
those who truly believe in superiority, that is those who best
represent inferior humans.
No wonder the sonsofbitches fear assassination politics, not
just the Jim Bell laughable version, the hard-eyed kind that
comes in the night without warning.

@_date: 2003-07-24 15:31:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jerk with a t-shirt 
The rights of property owners, especially commercial property,
are not as absolute as sometimes argued. Due to the public
services provided by governmental authorities, tax perqs not
the least, property owners are required to abide a diverse range
of laws and regulations to provide assurance that people on the
property are safe. These people include the property owner,
family members, employees, customers and others who may
not be capable of judging what is safe.
Similarly, retail property owners are obliged to provide assurances
to customers that they are safe as prescribed by zoning, building
and health codes. To be sure there is a lucrative industry of professionals who advise property owners how to skirt these
requirements -- public relations mongers, lobbyists, lawyers, zoning consultants, architects, engineers, planners, politicians, so-called public interest groups, bribers, liars, cheaters, the mob, whores, pimps, and so on. Most of these are lightly or unregulated, even those ostensibly licensed to protect the public interest are
happy to front for those whose only interest is criminal profit.
Keep this in mind: whenever someone argues for the right to
do what they want on their property they are blowing shit in your
face while picking your pocket and placing you and your beloved
mongrels in danger through a smart-ass range of distancing, exculpatory
mechanisms, not least several of the constitutional amendments which were set up for just that purpose by the original continental
landscape thieves and which are forever being updated to keep the our-screw-you-laws-are-fair-laws racket running smoothly. Thanks to two centuries of warping law and culture to bias stolen
property owners, no property owner takes full risk these days,
but some will have you killed if you question that, that's what the
justice and national security mob is paid handsomely to enforce.
Department of Homeland Security looks to be the greatest ever
privacy and property expropriation since the national security apparatus
was set up after WW2, stolen from the public in the name of protecting it, given over to the homesec contractors, mediated by the homesec slicksters. "Homeland" is the false positive, as was "national defense."

@_date: 2003-07-24 14:54:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jerk with a t-shirt 
The rights of property owners, especially commercial property,
are not as absolute as sometimes argued. Due to the public
services provided by governmental authorities, tax perqs not
the least, property owners are required to abide a diverse range
of laws and regulations to provide assurance that people on the
property are safe. These people include the property owner,
family members, employees, customers and others who may
not be capable of judging what is safe.
Similarly, retail property owners are obliged to provide assurances
to customers that they are safe as prescribed by zoning, building
and health codes. To be sure there is a lucrative industry of professionals who advise property owners how to skirt these
requirements -- public relations mongers, lobbyists, lawyers, zoning consultants, architects, engineers, planners, politicians, so-called public interest groups, bribers, liars, cheaters, the mob, whores, pimps, and so on. Most of these are lightly or unregulated, even those ostensibly licensed to protect the public interest are
happy to front for those whose only interest is criminal profit.
Keep this in mind: whenever someone argues for the right to
do what they want on their property they are blowing shit in your
face while picking your pocket and placing you and your beloved
mongrels in danger through a smart-ass range of distancing, exculpatory
mechanisms, not least several of the constitutional amendments which were set up for just that purpose by the original continental
landscape thieves and which are forever being updated to keep the our-screw-you-laws-are-fair-laws racket running smoothly. Thanks to two centuries of warping law and culture to bias stolen
property owners, no property owner takes full risk these days,
but some will have you killed if you question that, that's what the
justice and national security mob is paid handsomely to enforce.
Department of Homeland Security looks to be the greatest ever
privacy and property expropriation since the national security apparatus
was set up after WW2, stolen from the public in the name of protecting it, given over to the homesec contractors, mediated by the homesec slicksters. "Homeland" is the false positive, as was "national defense."

@_date: 2003-07-25 17:25:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: R.I.P. (was: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for 
Oh, like Uday and Qusay, you can't kill this immortal fucker, nobody got the guts to plow a TOW in it. Instead, thousands of
gutless have hari-kiried by exiting the battle for well.com nutlick where the dead live in perfect, silent synchrony, so that is a no-brain, no-work option. Sit still, children, repeat this.
Hell, start a DOA mail list to bitch about how stupid people are
outside of old folks cess-suck. Read yourself sitting on a one-holer.
Nothing wrong with cypherpunks that couldn't be cured, as ever,
by more fresh young meat totally ignorant and not giving a shit
about how it used to be, only hot to throw slop at what's puked by the wizened, the reputable, the stuffed with here's
how it's meant to be.
Now that revulsion against whoever has truth by tail is a dim memory of what cpunks was meant to be, was now and again, not a place for boozy glory days telling a sanitized tale of what never happened. Pontificators are usually hooted off the list,
save for a few protected species taxidermied for darts.
The old days, don't believe them, cypherpunks was and is toxic to serious makeovers and shutdowns and lock-outs, and, never forget that PLONKS are cries of shut the fuck up and listen to me.
Pluck the PLONKS, if you don't get them you aint earning your
stay. PLONKERS little-man your wee-wees.
Hiccups a fogey one hand hanging on the bar rail, the other
rooting the floor vomit for a chawtabaccy cud ricochet from
the spit bucket.
]=;& Uday

@_date: 2003-07-25 17:06:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: R.I.P. (was: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for 
Oh, like Uday and Qusay, you can't kill this immortal fucker, nobody got the guts to plow a TOW in it. Instead, thousands of
gutless have hari-kiried by exiting the battle for well.com nutlick where the dead live in perfect, silent synchrony, so that is a no-brain, no-work option. Sit still, children, repeat this.
Hell, start a DOA mail list to bitch about how stupid people are
outside of old folks cess-suck. Read yourself sitting on a one-holer.
Nothing wrong with cypherpunks that couldn't be cured, as ever,
by more fresh young meat totally ignorant and not giving a shit
about how it used to be, only hot to throw slop at what's puked by the wizened, the reputable, the stuffed with here's
how it's meant to be.
Now that revulsion against whoever has truth by tail is a dim memory of what cpunks was meant to be, was now and again, not a place for boozy glory days telling a sanitized tale of what never happened. Pontificators are usually hooted off the list,
save for a few protected species taxidermied for darts.
The old days, don't believe them, cypherpunks was and is toxic to serious makeovers and shutdowns and lock-outs, and, never forget that PLONKS are cries of shut the fuck up and listen to me.
Pluck the PLONKS, if you don't get them you aint earning your
stay. PLONKERS little-man your wee-wees.
Hiccups a fogey one hand hanging on the bar rail, the other
rooting the floor vomit for a chawtabaccy cud ricochet from
the spit bucket.
]=;& Uday

@_date: 2003-07-29 20:40:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the 
Yes, Robin Hanson worked on DARPA's PAM program. Here's
his e-mail about it in May 2003:
DARPA markets on MidEast
I've been involved for several years in helping DARPA to create some markets to help aggregate info on political, military, and economic changes in the Middle East, and the effect of US policy on such changes. For those interested, we are finally going public with some info on these markets: Robin Hanson [EMAIL PROTECTED] Assistant Professor of Economics, George Mason University
MSN 1D3, Carow Hall, Fairfax VA 22030-4444
703-993-2326 FAX: 703-993-2323

@_date: 2003-08-17 23:28:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jessica Stern on Jim Bell 
Jessica Stern's new book, "Terror in the Name of God : Why
Religious Militants Kill," has about 8 pages on Jim Bell, in
a chapter called "Lone Wolf Avengers," which is shared with
the Pakistani Kansai, assassin of CIA employees.
Stern says that while Bell is not a religion-based terrorist
he is included in the book as an example of the solo individual
with a private agenda that smacks of religion. This appears to be a stretch, but Stern stretches her material to fit an agenda.
A Stern footnote says the Bell material is based on the
forthcoming publication, "James Dalton Bell." She says
she had numerous telephone interviews with him beginning
in 2000 after making a request in 1998 during Jim's first
Her capsule version of Jim's "crimes" and punishment is
a bellweather of what may be in store for other miscreants
who are fodder for terrorism careerists.
To be sure, Jim may get a movie made about him, and I guess
that would be his finest hour.
Stern says Jim's leadership potential has so far led only to
inspiring Carl Johnson to get himself thrown into prison.

@_date: 2003-08-02 21:53:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 2nd Brit Agent Named 
This story is breaking in British news, though the name of
the agent has not yet been published there -- probably tonight or tomorrow unless OSA kills it like David Kelly.
2 August 2003. Thanks to Anonymous. Kevin Fulton is reported to have named Stakeknife as Freddie Scappaticci.
The agent Kevin Fulton has named another agent to solicitors in his
fight with the M.O.D. The agent is Sean Maguire from North Belfast.
He is also the editor of the North Belfast News, a local newspaper.
Fulton intends to call him as a witness in his legal action.

@_date: 2003-08-02 21:27:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 2nd Brit Agent Named 
This story is breaking in British news, though the name of
the agent has not yet been published there -- probably tonight or tomorrow unless OSA kills it like David Kelly.
2 August 2003. Thanks to Anonymous. Kevin Fulton is reported to have named Stakeknife as Freddie Scappaticci.
The agent Kevin Fulton has named another agent to solicitors in his
fight with the M.O.D. The agent is Sean Maguire from North Belfast.
He is also the editor of the North Belfast News, a local newspaper.
Fulton intends to call him as a witness in his legal action.

@_date: 2003-08-02 20:52:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 2nd Brit Agent Named 
This story is breaking in British news, though the name of
the agent has not yet been published there -- probably tonight or tomorrow unless OSA kills it like David Kelly.
2 August 2003. Thanks to Anonymous. Kevin Fulton is reported to have named Stakeknife as Freddie Scappaticci.
The agent Kevin Fulton has named another agent to solicitors in his
fight with the M.O.D. The agent is Sean Maguire from North Belfast.
He is also the editor of the North Belfast News, a local newspaper.
Fulton intends to call him as a witness in his legal action.

@_date: 2003-08-02 20:24:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 2nd Brit Agent Named 
This story is breaking in British news, though the name of
the agent has not yet been published there -- probably tonight or tomorrow unless OSA kills it like David Kelly.
2 August 2003. Thanks to Anonymous. Kevin Fulton is reported to have named Stakeknife as Freddie Scappaticci.
The agent Kevin Fulton has named another agent to solicitors in his
fight with the M.O.D. The agent is Sean Maguire from North Belfast.
He is also the editor of the North Belfast News, a local newspaper.
Fulton intends to call him as a witness in his legal action.

@_date: 2003-08-02 19:52:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 2nd Brit Agent Named 
This story is breaking in British news, though the name of
the agent has not yet been published there -- probably tonight or tomorrow unless OSA kills it like David Kelly.
2 August 2003. Thanks to Anonymous. Kevin Fulton is reported to have named Stakeknife as Freddie Scappaticci.
The agent Kevin Fulton has named another agent to solicitors in his
fight with the M.O.D. The agent is Sean Maguire from North Belfast.
He is also the editor of the North Belfast News, a local newspaper.
Fulton intends to call him as a witness in his legal action.

@_date: 2003-08-02 19:22:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 2nd Brit Agent Named 
This story is breaking in British news, though the name of
the agent has not yet been published there -- probably tonight or tomorrow unless OSA kills it like David Kelly.
2 August 2003. Thanks to Anonymous. Kevin Fulton is reported to have named Stakeknife as Freddie Scappaticci.
The agent Kevin Fulton has named another agent to solicitors in his
fight with the M.O.D. The agent is Sean Maguire from North Belfast.
He is also the editor of the North Belfast News, a local newspaper.
Fulton intends to call him as a witness in his legal action.

@_date: 2003-08-06 14:13:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Year in Jail for Web Links 
There was a weapons charge -- Molotov cocktail -- in the first indictment which was dropped.
The second indictment was for the single charge of distribution of information, to wit:
  18:842(p)(2)(A) Distribution of Information Relating to Explosives,
  Destructive Devices and Weapons of Mass Destruction
  Mac's right that this kind of information is idiot cousin of controlled
substances. Law is an prejudiced ass.
That is why Sherman, a minority youngster, took a hit in cracker Southern California while two old honkies on the Left Coast addicted to 1A who offer the same information get no re-education sentence at all -- well, as the Boston youngster wrote "yet."

@_date: 2003-08-06 14:13:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Year in Jail for Web Links 
There was a weapons charge -- Molotov cocktail -- in the first indictment which was dropped.
The second indictment was for the single charge of distribution of information, to wit:
  18:842(p)(2)(A) Distribution of Information Relating to Explosives,
  Destructive Devices and Weapons of Mass Destruction
  Mac's right that this kind of information is idiot cousin of controlled
substances. Law is an prejudiced ass.
That is why Sherman, a minority youngster, took a hit in cracker Southern California while two old honkies on the Left Coast addicted to 1A who offer the same information get no re-education sentence at all -- well, as the Boston youngster wrote "yet."

@_date: 2003-08-06 03:13:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Year in Jail for Web Links 
Sherman Austin was arrested in New York but not charged and held in
prison there to await an indictment in California. New York said it
had no legitimate charges to make against him and merely did
a favor for California to nab Sherman during a street demonstration --
the only arrest of the day. Grounds for arrest were faults in Sherman's
jalopy he'd driven to NY for the demo.
Ordered transferred to California while an attorney tried to
arrange his release to a family member, he was shuttled around federal prisons for more days, his family and attorney not sure where he was. He was finally released when  a judge determined he was being unfairly punished by prison procedure. He was released at the Oklahoma City federal transfer
station, to find his way home on his own, the family had not
been told he was being released.
Not long after his return to California, the prosecutor announced there would be no prosecution. (During this time some of us mirrored the bomb making material
Sherman had on his RaisetheFist.com site -- the forbidden material is still up, see below.)
After some weeks the prosecutor reinstated the indictment and
initiated plea negotiations. Sherman rejected the initial comparatively
mild plea offer.
More time passed with not much happening. Then the feds went
on the attack again and issued harsher plea demands and threats.
This new attack led Sherman's attorney to recommend a bargain.
Sherman considered fighting but he was advised what he legal
fee would be and the maximum penalty if he lost. He agreed to
a four month sentence. The judge upped that to a year.
Sherman was eighteen when this shit began.
Sherman Austin case files:
          What the FBI Doesn't Want You to See at RaisetheFist.com
  The free speech contents of Raisethefist.com:

@_date: 2003-08-10 17:06:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
The alarm and security specialists we've talked to claim the
greatest threat to systems are authorized users: the property
owners, their children, employees, servants, nearly all of whom
fail to arm and disarm the system properly not matter how
carefully instructed. A false alarm is feared by these users more than an attacker, for they are more often traumatized by an errant signal, and the outpouring of security personnel and police, than by an actual attacker. (Like the US security and law enforcement systems.)
The security responders are so pissed, or so condescending, that the users are in a state of panic about the systems going off falsely. Answer to that is to leave the system off. And claim they forgot to arm it. Thus, self-censorship to keep the cops
from attacking.
Then there are panic room backups which freak the users due
to its capability of killing them with false threats like the gentleman, Safra, was killed on the Mediterranean coast when he believed
he was under attack as responders tried to rescue him. Responders
are a genuine threat when they think you are an AIDS carrier.
It's worth keeping in mind, that protective and security systems
can do you great harm, like friendly fire and security agencies of
all kinds -- banks, doctors, accountants, in-house guards, most
trusted associates.
Gun owners, and nations, being killed by their own weapons is a kissing cousin threat. Technology is a gun most often in the hands
of those will to fire first then question who's there.
WMDs are the biggest threat to the US and ilk, those owned by
the panic-room trapped users. North Korea, say, or the Joint
Chiefs, aided and abetted by the low-credibility spooks.
Back to failure of home security systems: its the back-up batteries that don't get replaced, rather the monthly bill for
service is neglected by wayward servants while the owner is vacationing on a yacht being tracked by IRS.

@_date: 2003-08-14 22:44:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Blackout in NYC 
Quiet here in New York City, thousands walking in the streets, auto
traffic is pleasantly minimal along upper Broadway. Traffic lights inoperative, as well as computers except for laptops such as this.
Telephones working. Portable radio says the outage is due to
northeast electrical grid failing. Not terrorist related, it is termed a "natural" outage due to overload.
One report said the cascading outage began at a sub-station in NYC, another says it started in Canada.
Mayor Bloomberg says that power is now starting to come back,
a bit at a time as the individual elements of the grid are restored,

@_date: 2003-08-16 00:38:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cta@hcsin.net: Re: CNN: 'Explores Possibility that Power 
Are you suggesting the outage was caused by carbon filaments rocketed
across transmission lines? If that was done at several points in the grid it would account for the various finger-pointing to incidents which are claimed
to have started the usual-suspect "cascade" of the usual-suspect "antiquated" system that was "not supposed to fail but it did."
Perhaps a re-inventory of the USAF's storehouse of BLU-114s is needed to
double-check that story about lightning strike.
totally lame

@_date: 2003-08-17 22:34:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jessica Stern on Jim Bell 
Jessica Stern's new book, "Terror in the Name of God : Why
Religious Militants Kill," has about 8 pages on Jim Bell, in
a chapter called "Lone Wolf Avengers," which is shared with
the Pakistani Kansai, assassin of CIA employees.
Stern says that while Bell is not a religion-based terrorist
he is included in the book as an example of the solo individual
with a private agenda that smacks of religion. This appears to be a stretch, but Stern stretches her material to fit an agenda.
A Stern footnote says the Bell material is based on the
forthcoming publication, "James Dalton Bell." She says
she had numerous telephone interviews with him beginning
in 2000 after making a request in 1998 during Jim's first
Her capsule version of Jim's "crimes" and punishment is
a bellweather of what may be in store for other miscreants
who are fodder for terrorism careerists.
To be sure, Jim may get a movie made about him, and I guess
that would be his finest hour.
Stern says Jim's leadership potential has so far led only to
inspiring Carl Johnson to get himself thrown into prison.

@_date: 2003-08-26 17:24:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
Nonshit, Robert, Ray's an organ-eating anarchist not a vapid tea-sip socialist. A while back Ray yanked a
capitalist apologist's lawyer's cold dead dried nut heart from behind a Kevlar diamond-studded vest and lipped and tongued it like a lady's freeze-dried private then swallowed it whole, burping at the lawyer never missing a
syllable in a diatribe against outlaws, yodeling in Harvard
Law speak that cyber jesse james are the worst evil in the marketplace for riggers of such places.
No difference between a socialist and a capitalist, barks
the enemy of both sides of the same schema to rape the
poor and credulous, to feather the leaders' nest with yuk-yuk
a sucker every day. Commies, now there's a diversion fabricated in the propaganda mills by ideological word-toolers of capitalists and socialists, heeding the marketplace rule 1: concoct a worse evil to send the pack howling at phantasms while draining their savings, cutting
back their jobs, sending their sons off to slaughter pens, or, to put it more vulgarly, the free hand of the market lifting wallets and
crushnig lives while the media-mesmerized yokels stare bug-eyed shitless at angels and devils paraded from pulpits to chickenhawk
feeding lots.
No difference between capitalists, socialists and organized
religion. Creepy, how these fundamentalists yarp and predate,
blaming their victims, citing chapter and verse why those who
got it deserve it, QED.
Then philosophers who gloss the way things are as if nothing
can be done about.
Then there're mean anarchists, who Ray is one of, not the house-broken kind perfuming the fould feathered nests with mild wordy, wordy dissent as if an SEC regulator, or more
recently, promoter of the public paying for new power grids.
Markets suck, that's what makes them so appealing to
bloodsuckers of addled customers, and moreso to
vulture investors.

@_date: 2003-09-13 19:30:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Another Cypherpunks Investigation? 
Based on when Rat began to post, and the gush of charges
allegedly made against him elsewhere and in the US, James
would appear to be probably right about the nut-case being an
agent provocateur, either government run or self-appointed.
Self-appointed provocateurs all too often wind up working for
the authorities once they gain access to or credibility with
enemies of the state.
Still, some may recall that CJ was charged similarly, but still
went to jail. Not that going to jail clears a rat, rather it may
indicate a deeper deception.
What happens to a person during jail, facing charges, being
questioned, seemingly cleared, then reappearing behaving
even more provocatively, fits the pattern of the agent
But inducing a party to behave like an agent provocateur
is a methodology oft used by handlers of agents. Smearing
a genuine dissident with charges of being a government agent
is also a hoary technique.
Fostering dissent is the favorite way governments assure
their survival by being forever vigilante, forever being needed
to protect the unwary, forever cooking up new threats to the
Indeed without dissent, especially vociferous and verging
on violence, governments might wither, as commies
and fascists well know and backscratch each other.
Professor Rat does indeed appear to be a pro, reminds of the gang that pokied Jim Bell before 9/11, and now are eager to keep the counter-cyber-terrorism careers aflowering. Witness Jessica Stern and a host of others, feeding and being
fed by the justice cartel worldwide, pleased as shit at the
bountiful evidence-provocation-fabricator: the Net.
If cypherpunks did not exist, prosecutors and rats would
have to invent it, in the narc lab, oops, DARPA.

@_date: 2003-09-10 01:06:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GSM Crack Paper 
"Instant Ciphertext-Only Cryptanalysis of GSM Encrypted
Communications," by Elad Barkan, Eli Biham, Nathan Keller
    (18 Pages, 234KB)
Abstract. In this paper we present a very practical cipher-text only
cryptanalysis of GSM encrypted communications, and various active
attacks on the GSM protocols. These attacks can even break into
GSM networks that use "unbreakable" ciphers. We describe a
ciphertext-only attack on A5/2 that requires a few dozen milliseconds
of encrypted off-the-air cellular conversation and finds the correct
key in less than a second on a personal computer. We then extend
this attack to a (more complex) ciphertext-only attack on A5/1. We
describe new attacks on the protocols of networks that use A5/1, A5/3,
or even GPRS. These attacks are based on security flaws of the GSM
protocols, and work whenever the mobile phone supports A5/2. We
emphasize that these attacks are on the protocols, and are thus
applicable whenever the cellular phone supports a weak cipher, for
instance they are also applicable using the cryptanalysis of A5/1.
Unlike previous attacks on GSM that require unrealistic information,
like long known plaintext periods, our attacks are very practical and
do not require any knowledge of the content of the conversation.
These attacks allow attackers to tap conversations and decrypt
them either in real-time, or at any later time. We also show active
attacks, such as call hijacking, altering data messages and call

@_date: 2003-09-11 04:24:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
Don't ever respond to a jury summons by showing up or calling
in. If you do then you'll forever be in the sucker-responsive data The warnings in summons are shinola shit, effective only on those
who are indoctrinated to fear official warnings printed on paper.
If you get a summons in the form of a subpoena, served by
an official, and you accept it in person, that is different, that
is grounds to initiate action to overthrow law and order, to
sidle to the jury room and piss on the the following-are-prohibited sign, to go nuts, to be unreliable, to be not-jury worthy. The simply mailed kind of summons are ignorable. There is no benefit, anymore, to serving on a jury for it only to legitimates a bloated justice system which most often serves itself, not justice. The justice crowd is no longer answerable to the citizens it was intended, and paid handsomely, to serve.
No doubt, if you have nothing better to do, then go forth and
be treated as a sub-human by the jury-calling adminstrators
who act especially trained to make citizens despise government,
until appearing before a judge who will make citizens hate, nay,
lust to guillotine, tax-suckers. Period.

@_date: 2003-09-11 03:58:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
Don't ever respond to a jury summons by showing up or calling
in. If you do then you'll forever be in the sucker-responsive data The warnings in summons are shinola shit, effective only on those
who are indoctrinated to fear official warnings printed on paper.
If you get a summons in the form of a subpoena, served by
an official, and you accept it in person, that is different, that
is grounds to initiate action to overthrow law and order, to
sidle to the jury room and piss on the the following-are-prohibited sign, to go nuts, to be unreliable, to be not-jury worthy. The simply mailed kind of summons are ignorable. There is no benefit, anymore, to serving on a jury for it only to legitimates a bloated justice system which most often serves itself, not justice. The justice crowd is no longer answerable to the citizens it was intended, and paid handsomely, to serve.
No doubt, if you have nothing better to do, then go forth and
be treated as a sub-human by the jury-calling adminstrators
who act especially trained to make citizens despise government,
until appearing before a judge who will make citizens hate, nay,
lust to guillotine, tax-suckers. Period.

@_date: 2003-09-11 02:48:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
Don't ever respond to a jury summons by showing up or calling
in. If you do then you'll forever be in the sucker-responsive data The warnings in summons are shinola shit, effective only on those
who are indoctrinated to fear official warnings printed on paper.
If you get a summons in the form of a subpoena, served by
an official, and you accept it in person, that is different, that
is grounds to initiate action to overthrow law and order, to
sidle to the jury room and piss on the the following-are-prohibited sign, to go nuts, to be unreliable, to be not-jury worthy. The simply mailed kind of summons are ignorable. There is no benefit, anymore, to serving on a jury for it only to legitimates a bloated justice system which most often serves itself, not justice. The justice crowd is no longer answerable to the citizens it was intended, and paid handsomely, to serve.
No doubt, if you have nothing better to do, then go forth and
be treated as a sub-human by the jury-calling adminstrators
who act especially trained to make citizens despise government,
until appearing before a judge who will make citizens hate, nay,
lust to guillotine, tax-suckers. Period.

@_date: 2003-09-12 17:56:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Satellite Tracking of Suspects Requires a Warrant, Court 
Yes, GPS tracking was allegedly done to Jim, and its illegality is one of the points of his appeal. He claims that the legal basis for installing the device and data-spotting his movements were flawed. And that there were problems as well with interpretation of the data. Jim tried to argue this during his trial but neither his
defense attorney or the judge would allow the argument,
so sacred is the blind belief that the official use of the tracking technology is so content neutral, so credible, as if fingerprints, lie detector, DNA, or criminal crypto.
The agents who installed the criminal tracking device
and interpreted (doctored) the data, were in the courtroom
and smiled broadly at Jim's futile challenge of conventional
It is possible that there was no device and the whole rig
was made up in the narc lab, using physical tailing as
the source of info needed to confect digital, ie, neutral, evidence.
This follows, naturally, the fact that agents' testimony is
not believed by anyone any more, so often do they lie.
Lying technology has not yet had its truth told, or at not
yet believed that it is no better than official lying. George Maschke has made some headway against the polygraph ( and fingerprints are not as convincing as they once were, fakes being easy to make, although DNA is a runaway train, and biometrics are believed to be FUD-free. Hoot, hoot.

@_date: 2003-10-02 20:52:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Return of the death of cypherpunks. 
James overlooks the agricultural virtue of cypherpunks death and rebirth for the natural cycle gets rid of old growth and allows for a new improved version. No doubt the old crop doesn't get much satisfaction being taken for manure, nor do the new sprouts see any reason to hail the shit doing what it's supposed to do.
Cypherpunks surely will not vaunt tradition when innovation
starts to peter out.
True, declaring the war is won and going over to war-storying is a grand tradition of bullshitting.

@_date: 2003-10-11 15:09:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Nuking USG: not just for cypherpunks anymore 
According to the Reuters account below, it was Robertson, not Mowbray,  who called for the State Department nuking.
A Virginia citizen who would be nuked if State is, has reported
Robertson to the FBI TIPS, observing that a Muslim cleric who
made such a comment would surely be arrested or detained.
Robertson's fatwah, even so, is worth admiring as a frustrated
fundy fire and brimstone featherduster. Whether he would call for the same atomization of other useless breastbeaters like himself is a question for Tammy Faye.
State Department Protests Televangelist's Remark
Fri Oct 10,10:48 AM ET
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The State Department has protested to televangelist Pat Robertson about his "despicable" suggestion that someone blow up the department with a nuclear bomb, an official said on Thursday.   Robertson, a former presidential candidate, made the remark in an interview with Joel Mowbray, author of a new book entitled "Dangerous Diplomacy: How the State Department Endangers America's Security." State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, asked to comment, said on Thursday: "I lack sufficient capabilities to express my disdain.
 ... I think the very idea is despicable." The department has made its views clear to Robertson, added a State Department official, who asked not to be named. Introducing Mowbray on his Christian Broadcasting Network, Robertson said that a person who read Mowbray's book would reach the conclusion that a nuclear explosion at the State Department was the best solution. "I read your book. When you get through, you say (to yourself): 'If I could just get a nuclear device inside Foggy Bottom (the State Department's main building), I think that's the answer' and you say: 'We've got to blow that thing up.' I mean, is it as bad as you say?" he said. "It is," Mowbray replied. Mowbray himself did not make the suggestion, either in his book or in the interview. According to the network's Web site, Mowbray's book "exposes the mixed allegiances, hidden agendas, and outright anti-Americanism found in the State Department."

@_date: 2003-10-14 17:14:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Test of BIOS Spyware 
We received the note below about spyware allegedly created for
a Maryland agency with code which needs to be tested.
We'd appreciate feedback on the note and the code. Beware
of a sting. The code:
  The note:
CPR Tools Inc. of Labelle, Florida is engaged in the
development of software which becomes part of the
firmware BIOS of a PC motherboard and takes control of
a users PC before the operating system is loaded. This
enables the software to spy on the user and remain
hidden to the operating system. The software is
designed to be installed from a floppy disk which
modifies the original BIOS, replacing it with the
modified BIOS containing the "spyware" The software
was developed for a government agency in Maryland.
Versions of the software for a ASUS P4B266 motherboard
and an IBM Netvista 8311 motherboard have been
developed with other versions under development.
Attached is a copy of the software, ExpCode.ASM, the
version for the P4B266 motherboard. The .ASM file is
assembled and converted into a .BIN file which is then
pasted over a section of the  original BIOS .BIN
file. The checksum at the end of the BIOS is
subsequently adjusted to make the BIOS checksum valid.
CPR Tools [
730 East Cowboy Way
Labelle, FL 33935
(863) 674-0120
Antonio Jesus Alvarez		tony
Candy Michelle Alvarez

@_date: 2003-11-30 14:05:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told 
My comment about the SAs having no noticeable body odor
came out the notion that persons on a dangerous mission
emit an easily identifiable smell, a smell not unlike that
emitted by an unwary target when suddently confronted with Innocents need not worry about these unintentional fear
emanations. Same for an old time warrior whose body has
evolved to emit a persistent stench of constant fear that overrides transitory wafts of panic aerating an urge to flee or submit.
Constant fear of being attacked comes from daily warfare
in NYC, call it urban terrorism, where territorial dispute is
unending, and there is nobody who is not out to grab what
you got, most often under pretense of helping you, offering
friendly advice, getting inside your defenses with the
kind of behavior you are sure you'd never fall for -- upon
later reflection on what happened to yor best laid plans
to not be suckered.
Over-confidence, in attacker and target, that lack of the odor of danger, is certain to draw attention to weaknesses
ready for exploitation.
This bunker is saturated with moth balls, still visitors
complain of rotted carcass. BO plenty.

@_date: 2003-11-30 13:08:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
My comment about the SAs having no noticeable body odor
came out the notion that persons on a dangerous mission
emit an easily identifiable smell, a smell not unlike that
emitted by an unwary target when suddently confronted with Innocents need not worry about these unintentional fear
emanations. Same for an old time warrior whose body has
evolved to emit a persistent stench of constant fear that overrides transitory wafts of panic aerating an urge to flee or submit.
Constant fear of being attacked comes from daily warfare
in NYC, call it urban terrorism, where territorial dispute is
unending, and there is nobody who is not out to grab what
you got, most often under pretense of helping you, offering
friendly advice, getting inside your defenses with the
kind of behavior you are sure you'd never fall for -- upon
later reflection on what happened to yor best laid plans
to not be suckered.
Over-confidence, in attacker and target, that lack of the odor of danger, is certain to draw attention to weaknesses
ready for exploitation.
This bunker is saturated with moth balls, still visitors
complain of rotted carcass. BO plenty.

@_date: 2003-11-19 03:51:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told 
I've consulted a lawyer or two about Cryptome, and their advice
is don't do it, but if you do we're here. So I no longer ask for
legal advice.
My advice, and it's legally superior to legal advice: take care
of yourself, the threats are not as bad as the advisors advise.
Most lawyers I've dealt with advise to get along with the system, which may be sound legal advice but shitty for dissent.
I spend several thousand dollars a year on legal
services for business and personal matters, but not for Cryptome. Abiding legal advice would kill the varmint.
I once proposed to Declan that he get thrown in jail for
his reporting, to give a big boost to his credibility and
career, to break away from the getalong pack. That was in
Tacoma, in the Federal Courthouse cafeteria, taking
a break from the Bell show trial.
I'd like to visit Declan in the pokey, sneak him a tube of
getalong lubricant.

@_date: 2003-11-19 01:32:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
I've consulted a lawyer or two about Cryptome, and their advice
is don't do it, but if you do we're here. So I no longer ask for
legal advice.
My advice, and it's legally superior to legal advice: take care
of yourself, the threats are not as bad as the advisors advise.
Most lawyers I've dealt with advise to get along with the system, which may be sound legal advice but shitty for dissent.
I spend several thousand dollars a year on legal
services for business and personal matters, but not for Cryptome. Abiding legal advice would kill the varmint.
I once proposed to Declan that he get thrown in jail for
his reporting, to give a big boost to his credibility and
career, to break away from the getalong pack. That was in
Tacoma, in the Federal Courthouse cafeteria, taking
a break from the Bell show trial.
I'd like to visit Declan in the pokey, sneak him a tube of
getalong lubricant.

@_date: 2003-11-15 21:52:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told 
I was expecting someone else at about the same time. True, I could
have refused entry after the agent showed his ID. However, it
seemed too good an opportunity to pass up: it is pretty common
for Cryptome to get unexpected contributions. We try to remain
open lines of communication to unknown sources, if not a goodly
amount of info would never come out way.
For all I knew, and now know, the Special Agents were frauds,
of which Cryptome gets a taste regularly, perhaps more than
we know. As discussed here, spoofing is trivial to do.
Toward the end of the visit I asked SA Kelly to see his ID up close
and he displayed a wallet with a brass badge on the left and a
two-leaf ID on the right: flip left, then flip up. Was it real?
The two-leaf ID looked like the version SA Renner showed at
the door.
Trim haircuts and dark suits, healthy-looking young Caucasians,
no facial hair, shined shoes, clean teeth, no noticeable mouth or body odor, no obvious weapon bulges, polite, actually not
polite all the time: there were a few instances when mild
friction occurred, low-key warnings sent my way about
inadvertent threats to the nation with too much information
like that on Cryptome.
SA Renner was cooler than Kelly during questioning -- Kelly slightly bristled when I made a comment about free flowing information making the US stronger, the agent saying, yes, but information can be misused. He bristled a lot more when
I said I would publish their names, "make them famous." At
the word "famous" Kelly said, smiling "really, I haven't had that before."
Renner was quieter on naming names, knowing that there
was a CNN story out about him. But he too mildly protested
with the "hazard to the family" shtick.
Kelly said, "you know we can be found by knowing our
names, get shot for what we do." That reminded me of
Jeff Gordon, but I didn't snort.
Kelly leaned forward in his wing-back chair, slightly aggressive, whereas Renner sat upright at a table, case file in front, posing most of the questions to me.
Now, if I had refused the agents entry could I be telling this
dinky inside story? Perhaps better will be the second visit, or door-busting and marching downstairs in handcuffs, or dark-van-snatch on the street, or my family and customers
and friends questioned and warned, my assets seized
and listed in the New York Times, gosh, what notoriety
being a questionable patriot can lead to -- maybe right
up there at the foot soles of the Special Agents, real or Confirming the allegation about idiot witnesses, I am
sure I would not recognize either agent if I saw them
again. The IDs yes, and the questions, but not the
bland biometrics.

@_date: 2003-11-15 20:35:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
I was expecting someone else at about the same time. True, I could
have refused entry after the agent showed his ID. However, it
seemed too good an opportunity to pass up: it is pretty common
for Cryptome to get unexpected contributions. We try to remain
open lines of communication to unknown sources, if not a goodly
amount of info would never come out way.
For all I knew, and now know, the Special Agents were frauds,
of which Cryptome gets a taste regularly, perhaps more than
we know. As discussed here, spoofing is trivial to do.
Toward the end of the visit I asked SA Kelly to see his ID up close
and he displayed a wallet with a brass badge on the left and a
two-leaf ID on the right: flip left, then flip up. Was it real?
The two-leaf ID looked like the version SA Renner showed at
the door.
Trim haircuts and dark suits, healthy-looking young Caucasians,
no facial hair, shined shoes, clean teeth, no noticeable mouth or body odor, no obvious weapon bulges, polite, actually not
polite all the time: there were a few instances when mild
friction occurred, low-key warnings sent my way about
inadvertent threats to the nation with too much information
like that on Cryptome.
SA Renner was cooler than Kelly during questioning -- Kelly slightly bristled when I made a comment about free flowing information making the US stronger, the agent saying, yes, but information can be misused. He bristled a lot more when
I said I would publish their names, "make them famous." At
the word "famous" Kelly said, smiling "really, I haven't had that before."
Renner was quieter on naming names, knowing that there
was a CNN story out about him. But he too mildly protested
with the "hazard to the family" shtick.
Kelly said, "you know we can be found by knowing our
names, get shot for what we do." That reminded me of
Jeff Gordon, but I didn't snort.
Kelly leaned forward in his wing-back chair, slightly aggressive, whereas Renner sat upright at a table, case file in front, posing most of the questions to me.
Now, if I had refused the agents entry could I be telling this
dinky inside story? Perhaps better will be the second visit, or door-busting and marching downstairs in handcuffs, or dark-van-snatch on the street, or my family and customers
and friends questioned and warned, my assets seized
and listed in the New York Times, gosh, what notoriety
being a questionable patriot can lead to -- maybe right
up there at the foot soles of the Special Agents, real or Confirming the allegation about idiot witnesses, I am
sure I would not recognize either agent if I saw them
again. The IDs yes, and the questions, but not the
bland biometrics.

@_date: 2003-11-10 20:19:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
SA Renner did most of the talking and carried a
manila folder with a file name on it beginning with
"SP,"  I think. Couldn't see the remainder. He didn't open it during the session and it may have been
a prop.
They showed up without warning, no call ahead, got
past our Doberman doorman (we're on the 6th floor)
who usually calls us about visitors but didn't this time, and hasn't said a peep since the visit.
(In contrast, when I got subpoenas for the Bell grand jury and trial, the doorman called up about the Treasury agents and I met them in the street level lobby.)
Renner showed ID, asked to come in and talk. They
were here about half an hour.
I tried to get them to sit together but they carefully
bracketed me.
They asked who works with me on Cryptome, who
funds it. Me and me alone, I said.
The FBI agents asked about nobody except me. Renner
asked for ID and I showed him Duncan's, or maybe it was I sent an account to cpunks right after the visit but LNE
never processed it, nor three more later. Hence this
algebra late comer.

@_date: 2003-11-30 21:48:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FOIA Data Mining 
We've made a few FOIA requests, but none have produced a
flood of paper like that made to the US Army INSCOM for a list
of military intelligence files provided by anonymous, most dating from the 1940s and 1950s but some up to the 70s and 80s.
An aspect of the response has been INSCOM forwarding our request to a host of other agencies which originated certain files: State, Justice, FBI, CIA, other Army sections, Air Force,
Navy, and so on. These have been dribbling in, nearly all
heavily redacted or flat out refused.
A characteristic of the responses has been the labels on
the envelopes: nearly all typed and thereby capable of being
added to, or already entered into, a database on me and
Cryptome. One exception: the FBI, which hand writes the address. Is this due to crappy label printing capability (which we all share) or an attempt to obscure that the address has been, or could
be, put in a data base? Transmittal letters are typed so that means the data has been digitized (or typewriter written), so why else the hand writing? Has the Bureau been sued for digital labelling correspondents?
Do printed labels tell too much about the agency, source of toner,
supplier of fonts and word-processing programs, paper manufacturer,
tiny flecks of skin and/or fingerprints on the label adhesive? Does
hand writing analysis show the origin of the ink, the birthplace and
ethnicity of the writer, her/his state of mind -- on the verge of a
nervous breakdown, ready to kill or leak or go over to the enemy,
sexually drained by bosses horniness, a skinny dreaming of Twinkies -- thus does the laboratory investigate FOIA requests
sent to the FBI directly and more importantly those forwarded
by other the enemy: other agencies spilling the beans about
vast data gathering.
Redactions are an art form, there have been several NYC exhibits
of redacted FBI files, and more coming from their twisted sisters.
The great barrels of ink used to make redactions contains volumes of raw data which will be revealed when the ink disappears.

@_date: 2003-11-30 20:39:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FOIA Data Mining 
============================== START ==============================
We've made a few FOIA requests, but none have produced a
flood of paper like that made to the US Army INSCOM for a list
of military intelligence files provided by anonymous, most dating from the 1940s and 1950s but some up to the 70s and 80s.
An aspect of the response has been INSCOM forwarding our request to a host of other agencies which originated certain files: State, Justice, FBI, CIA, other Army sections, Air Force,
Navy, and so on. These have been dribbling in, nearly all
heavily redacted or flat out refused.
A characteristic of the responses has been the labels on
the envelopes: nearly all typed and thereby capable of being
added to, or already entered into, a database on me and
Cryptome. One exception: the FBI, which hand writes the address. Is this due to crappy label printing capability (which we all share) or an attempt to obscure that the address has been, or could
be, put in a data base? Transmittal letters are typed so that means the data has been digitized (or typewriter written), so why else the hand writing? Has the Bureau been sued for digital labelling correspondents?
Do printed labels tell too much about the agency, source of toner,
supplier of fonts and word-processing programs, paper manufacturer,
tiny flecks of skin and/or fingerprints on the label adhesive? Does
hand writing analysis show the origin of the ink, the birthplace and
ethnicity of the writer, her/his state of mind -- on the verge of a
nervous breakdown, ready to kill or leak or go over to the enemy,
sexually drained by bosses horniness, a skinny dreaming of Twinkies -- thus does the laboratory investigate FOIA requests
sent to the FBI directly and more importantly those forwarded
by other the enemy: other agencies spilling the beans about
vast data gathering.
Redactions are an art form, there have been several NYC exhibits
of redacted FBI files, and more coming from their twisted sisters.
The great barrels of ink used to make redactions contains volumes of raw data which will be revealed when the ink disappears.

@_date: 2003-12-16 03:43:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: An Analysis of Compromised Remailers 
This came in response to Cryptome's posting of Len Sassman's
comments on remailers.
Thank you for posting the "Compromised Remailers" article:
Over the past year, many remailer users have noticed that the reliability of the Mixmaster type II network has steadily degraded. Although it may well be the result of TLA interference, the remailer community's statistical methods of selecting a "reliable" remailer chain contribute significantly to the network's degradation.
As a former employee of the United States Army Communications Command [USACC] Headquarters, I was amazed to stumble upon the existence of a publicly available communications medium permitting truly anonymous communication by hampering the government's ability at "traffic analysis," or tracking an email message from its source to its destination. One would have to be foolish to believe that TLAs are not hard at work trying to pierce the veil of anonymity afforded by the Mixmaster type II, and, the yet to be released, type III remailers.
I ran tests in September, October & November, and provided the Mixmaster developers & remail operators with the same results I've included below. My testing was extremely simple: send a bunch of messages, and note which messages arrived. [The same procedure an accountant would use in tracking a financial transaction from its origin to its destination.]
What I found was that a handful of remailers accounted for virtually all of the un-delivered email messages. Yet, these same remailers, that never delivered my email messages to the "alt.anonymous.messages" news group, where also listed as among the most reliable remailers in mixmaster stats used to select remailer chains.
I've included my recommendations to improve the network's reliability in the test results below.

@_date: 2003-12-08 03:37:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
When I got censored by cypherpunks a couple
of weeks ago I tried to subscribe to these nodes:
Subscription was successful only on:
Both of thse provided a "who" response on 11/10/03 of
Algebra 122
Pro-ns 14
I get the same messages from Algebra, Pro-ns and Lne, though Lne still refuses mail from me.
How many other subscribers are exluded by the censorious
and dead nodes is not known. Eric calls his Lne block a result of
spam from my provider, to me it's no different than censorship,
a perfect imitation of how government justifies its suppression
of dissent.
Tim didn't mention as a cause of cpunk decline the fucking with
the list by shitheads who thought they knew best how to run
things, the first goal being censorship of those who didn't
behave. Once, Tim was a prime target of such shit and he
did a nice job of killing the controllers.
Now if you kill the bureaucrats, and the youngsters, for overreaching, or indifference to authority, you got to figure out how to do the dirty work of cleaning up after the masters' spiteful running the country, the firm, the estate, the family, the ideology into the ground.
What I like about the ring-in-the-flesh crowd is their pleasure in
grossing out the stodgers. Makes me wish I still had that knack
instead of only the memories.

@_date: 2003-12-08 01:30:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
This mighty wind header of Pro-ns outblows most messages, and appears
to confirm that only Algebra, Lne and Pro-ns are in the X-loop:
Status:  U
Return-Path: Received: from hq.pro-ns.net ([208.200.182.20])
Received: from hq.pro-ns.net (localhost [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from majordom
X-Authentication-Warning: hq.pro-ns.net: majordom set sender to
owner-cypherpunks using -f
Received: from hq.pro-ns.net (localhost [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from cpunks
Received: from slack.lne.com (gw.lne.com [209.157.136.81])
Received: from slack.lne.com (slack.lne.com [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from cpunk
Received: from ak47.algebra.com (algebra.com [216.82.116.230])
Received: from ak47.algebra.com (cpunks [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from cpunks
Received: from tisch.mail.mindspring.net (tisch.mail.mindspring.net
Received: from user-0ccetrj.cable.mindspring.com ([24.199.119.115] helo=JY09)
X-Sender: jya
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Pro Version 4.0
Old-Subject: Re: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19
References: Approved: LISTMEMBER CPUNK
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk
X-Loop: ds.pro-ns.net
And here's Algebra's substantial verbosity:
Status:  U
Return-Path: Received: from ak47.algebra.com ([216.82.116.230])
Received: from ak47.algebra.com (majordom [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from majordom
X-Authentication-Warning: ak47.algebra.com: majordom set sender to
owner-cypherpunks using -f
Received: from slack.lne.com (gw.lne.com [209.157.136.81])
Received: from slack.lne.com (slack.lne.com [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from cpunk
Received: from slack.lne.com (slack.lne.com [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from majordom
X-Authentication-Warning: slack.lne.com: majordom set sender to
owner-cypherpunks using -f
X-Sender: wcs
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Version 5.1
Old-Subject: Re: Larry Lessig on ending anonymity through "identity escrow"
References: <20031206015356.GC4450
  <6.0.0.22.2.20031205092507.02d7d7f0
  <3EFD45E8-277E-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
  <8A858E4E-2785-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
  <20031206015356.GC4450
X-Loop: cypherpunks
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk
X-Mailing-List: cypherpunks
X-List-Admin: ichudov
X-Loop: cypherpunks
Lne's modest offering:
Status:  U
Return-Path: Received: from slack.lne.com ([209.157.136.81])
Received: from slack.lne.com (slack.lne.com [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from majordom
X-Authentication-Warning: slack.lne.com: majordom set sender to
owner-cypherpunks using -f
References: <0de0afc1fce3c9d7e4597f3fcc1ddc26
  <20031207212546.GZ5783

@_date: 2003-12-08 01:20:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
This mighty wind header of Pro-ns outblows most messages, and appears
to confirm that only Algebra, Lne and Pro-ns are in the X-loop:
Status:  U
Return-Path: Received: from hq.pro-ns.net ([208.200.182.20])
Received: from hq.pro-ns.net (localhost [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from majordom
X-Authentication-Warning: hq.pro-ns.net: majordom set sender to
owner-cypherpunks using -f
Received: from hq.pro-ns.net (localhost [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from cpunks
Received: from slack.lne.com (gw.lne.com [209.157.136.81])
Received: from slack.lne.com (slack.lne.com [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from cpunk
Received: from ak47.algebra.com (algebra.com [216.82.116.230])
Received: from ak47.algebra.com (cpunks [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from cpunks
Received: from tisch.mail.mindspring.net (tisch.mail.mindspring.net
Received: from user-0ccetrj.cable.mindspring.com ([24.199.119.115] helo=JY09)
X-Sender: jya
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Pro Version 4.0
Old-Subject: Re: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19
References: Approved: LISTMEMBER CPUNK
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk
And here's Algebra's substantial verbosity:
Status:  U
Return-Path: Received: from ak47.algebra.com ([216.82.116.230])
Received: from ak47.algebra.com (majordom [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from majordom
X-Authentication-Warning: ak47.algebra.com: majordom set sender to
owner-cypherpunks using -f
Received: from slack.lne.com (gw.lne.com [209.157.136.81])
Received: from slack.lne.com (slack.lne.com [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from cpunk
Received: from slack.lne.com (slack.lne.com [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from majordom
X-Authentication-Warning: slack.lne.com: majordom set sender to
owner-cypherpunks using -f
X-Sender: wcs
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Version 5.1
Old-Subject: Re: Larry Lessig on ending anonymity through "identity escrow"
References: <20031206015356.GC4450
  <6.0.0.22.2.20031205092507.02d7d7f0
  <3EFD45E8-277E-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
  <8A858E4E-2785-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
  <20031206015356.GC4450
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk
X-List-Admin: ichudov
Lne's modest offering:
Status:  U
Return-Path: Received: from slack.lne.com ([209.157.136.81])
Received: from slack.lne.com (slack.lne.com [127.0.0.1])
Received: (from majordom
X-Authentication-Warning: slack.lne.com: majordom set sender to
owner-cypherpunks using -f
References: <0de0afc1fce3c9d7e4597f3fcc1ddc26
  <20031207212546.GZ5783

@_date: 2003-12-08 01:05:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
When I got censored by cypherpunks a couple
of weeks ago I tried to subscribe to these nodes:
Subscription was successful only on:
Both of thse provided a "who" response on 11/10/03 of
Algebra 122
Pro-ns 14
I get the same messages from Algebra, Pro-ns and Lne, though Lne still refuses mail from me.
How many other subscribers are exluded by the censorious
and dead nodes is not known. Eric calls his Lne block a result of
spam from my provider, to me it's no different than censorship,
a perfect imitation of how government justifies its suppression
of dissent.
Tim didn't mention as a cause of cpunk decline the fucking with
the list by shitheads who thought they knew best how to run
things, the first goal being censorship of those who didn't
behave. Once, Tim was a prime target of such shit and he
did a nice job of killing the controllers.
Now if you kill the bureaucrats, and the youngsters, for overreaching, or indifference to authority, you got to figure out how to do the dirty work of cleaning up after the masters' spiteful running the country, the firm, the estate, the family, the ideology into the ground.
What I like about the ring-in-the-flesh crowd is their pleasure in
grossing out the stodgers. Makes me wish I still had that knack
instead of only the memories.

@_date: 2003-12-09 12:57:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks discussions 
Brain rot is the cause of impatience with what is mistakenly
perceived to be repetition of old stuff. But brain rot leads
to wars which pointlessly kill young people by the thousands, so watch out believing what the brain pre-dead spout as
Old battles refought by subservience to faulty memory is
what got us into Iraq, only the latest conceit of wise ones
who ache to impose their will on the world, deep inside
understanding they are dying and will never accomplish
what they set out to do years before.
This accounts for the vainglorious repetition of past
accomplishments, and worse, aggrieved insults, real or fanciful (again, failing memory mixes the two with truth abandoned).
Fortunately most of the pre-dead don't have access to
the levers of power and go to the grave without a blip,
save grossing out grandkids with tales of doom and
Still, if you put up with the grey-matter meltdown you
might get your hands on the mattress savings -- and
all the near dead stuff war booty for the endless trip
upcoming, being certain their enemies will pursue
for all eternity as they will the bastards that kept them
from glorious immortal recognition.
Eternally Young sez history sucks, history in the
making moreso. Lose perspective or you're doomed
to die before your time.
Reason is death welcomed.

@_date: 2003-12-09 10:23:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks discussions 
Brain rot is the cause of impatience with what is mistakenly
perceived to be repetition of old stuff. But brain rot leads
to wars which pointlessly kill young people by the thousands, so watch out believing what the brain pre-dead spout as
Old battles refought by subservience to faulty memory is
what got us into Iraq, only the latest conceit of wise ones
who ache to impose their will on the world, deep inside
understanding they are dying and will never accomplish
what they set out to do years before.
This accounts for the vainglorious repetition of past
accomplishments, and worse, aggrieved insults, real or fanciful (again, failing memory mixes the two with truth abandoned).
Fortunately most of the pre-dead don't have access to
the levers of power and go to the grave without a blip,
save grossing out grandkids with tales of doom and
Still, if you put up with the grey-matter meltdown you
might get your hands on the mattress savings -- and
all the near dead stuff war booty for the endless trip
upcoming, being certain their enemies will pursue
for all eternity as they will the bastards that kept them
from glorious immortal recognition.
Eternally Young sez history sucks, history in the
making moreso. Lose perspective or you're doomed
to die before your time.
Reason is death welcomed.

@_date: 2003-12-13 20:08:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
It was discovered a while back, check the archives, or Tim's
FAQ, that all the remailers were compromised, with or without
the operator's complicity with TLAs. After that discovery there
was a turning of the covert control to re-direct it toward its implementer(s). That was soon re-turned by the TLAs back
at the turners, a cycle-countercycle that continues now.
One day you may be read by the TLAs, the next read by the
remailer operators, each looking for evidence of nefarium by the other so that countermeasures can be invented and
While the remailer/coopt-remailer make-work has kept a couple of cut-out remailer operators busy in Bhopal
keeping the TLAs focussed on threats to the institutionalized suppression of anonymous speech, astute anonymity performers
are jabbering at mirrors and pontificating to pets against law and order elsewhere.
For a small fortune you can subscribe to a source of
absolutely secure means of communications tested by
centuries of reliability. Blind Faith.
No, not that of the Masons, and certainly not nouveau-cult
Skull and Bones, nor even Tri-Lateral Commies, what you have to do to get entry is to Fedex weapons grade anthrax to the homes (and/or lovers) of heads of government worldwide. You get ten HoGs, or 5,000 celebrities, certifiable by swissbank.com forwarded to you of their secret account deposits, you're in. Call yourself god's emissary.
And then a target for someone younger and smarter and
far uglier in ruthless mayhem, driven by murderous,
most often suicidal, hatred for everything holy.
Dread of easily-blameworthy TLAs is for cotton-candy addicts. Fear not those carrying a peashooter, instead
those armed with horrifying urges beyond belief.

@_date: 2003-12-13 18:54:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
It was discovered a while back, check the archives, or Tim's
FAQ, that all the remailers were compromised, with or without
the operator's complicity with TLAs. After that discovery there
was a turning of the covert control to re-direct it toward its implementer(s). That was soon re-turned by the TLAs back
at the turners, a cycle-countercycle that continues now.
One day you may be read by the TLAs, the next read by the
remailer operators, each looking for evidence of nefarium by the other so that countermeasures can be invented and
While the remailer/coopt-remailer make-work has kept a couple of cut-out remailer operators busy in Bhopal
keeping the TLAs focussed on threats to the institutionalized suppression of anonymous speech, astute anonymity performers
are jabbering at mirrors and pontificating to pets against law and order elsewhere.
For a small fortune you can subscribe to a source of
absolutely secure means of communications tested by
centuries of reliability. Blind Faith.
No, not that of the Masons, and certainly not nouveau-cult
Skull and Bones, nor even Tri-Lateral Commies, what you have to do to get entry is to Fedex weapons grade anthrax to the homes (and/or lovers) of heads of government worldwide. You get ten HoGs, or 5,000 celebrities, certifiable by swissbank.com forwarded to you of their secret account deposits, you're in. Call yourself god's emissary.
And then a target for someone younger and smarter and
far uglier in ruthless mayhem, driven by murderous,
most often suicidal, hatred for everything holy.
Dread of easily-blameworthy TLAs is for cotton-candy addicts. Fear not those carrying a peashooter, instead
those armed with horrifying urges beyond belief.

@_date: 2003-12-15 12:50:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Idea: Simplified TEMPEST-shielded unit (speculative 
There's a good possibility that Saddam was traced by Tempest
sensing, airborne or mundane. The technology is far more sensitive
than a decade ago. And with a lot of snooping technology kept obscure by tales of HUMINT, finks, lost laptops and black bag jobs.
For less sensitive compromising emanations, BETA, among others, makes portable Tempest units, desktop and room-sized, the devices export-restricted as if munitions.
There's a patent on a booth-like Tempest device into which the
user climbs, with protection provided for connections, but whether
it was ever built is unknown.
A slew of firms make Tempest products which can be examined
for what shielding works sufficiently well to be placed on NSA's
more or less trustworthy Tempest products list:
Beyond commercial-grade, NSA is reportedly able to read faint emanations from all known Tempest protection, thanks in part to reviewing products and international sharing among spooks.
Those leaked from fiber are now a piece of cake, and not by tapping the glass a la the RU submarine cable escapade and the derring-do of USS Jimmy Carter custom-rigged to hack transoceanic fiber.
Tempest snooping at the atomic level is feasible, thanks to
physicists who walk among the electrons with supercomputers.
As ever, what you don't know is what kills you, and if you are not
currently doing research or working on NDA stuff, you're toast.
Protecting against the known is what keeps the orchestrated leak industry thriving.
Be sure to submit bright inventions to the authorities to get contracts
for funding dark ones that work against the grain, then you'll get
really swell contracts or offed.
Ex-NSA staff are rolling in clover selling commercialized versions
of security technology that NSA freely accesses. Reminds of the Brits
selling to gullible govs impregnable Enigma machines after WW2.

@_date: 2003-12-15 10:14:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Idea: Simplified TEMPEST-shielded unit (speculative 
There's a good possibility that Saddam was traced by Tempest
sensing, airborne or mundane. The technology is far more sensitive
than a decade ago. And with a lot of snooping technology kept obscure by tales of HUMINT, finks, lost laptops and black bag jobs.
For less sensitive compromising emanations, BETA, among others, makes portable Tempest units, desktop and room-sized, the devices export-restricted as if munitions.
There's a patent on a booth-like Tempest device into which the
user climbs, with protection provided for connections, but whether
it was ever built is unknown.
A slew of firms make Tempest products which can be examined
for what shielding works sufficiently well to be placed on NSA's
more or less trustworthy Tempest products list:
Beyond commercial-grade, NSA is reportedly able to read faint emanations from all known Tempest protection, thanks in part to reviewing products and international sharing among spooks.
Those leaked from fiber are now a piece of cake, and not by tapping the glass a la the RU submarine cable escapade and the derring-do of USS Jimmy Carter custom-rigged to hack transoceanic fiber.
Tempest snooping at the atomic level is feasible, thanks to
physicists who walk among the electrons with supercomputers.
As ever, what you don't know is what kills you, and if you are not
currently doing research or working on NDA stuff, you're toast.
Protecting against the known is what keeps the orchestrated leak industry thriving.
Be sure to submit bright inventions to the authorities to get contracts
for funding dark ones that work against the grain, then you'll get
really swell contracts or offed.
Ex-NSA staff are rolling in clover selling commercialized versions
of security technology that NSA freely accesses. Reminds of the Brits
selling to gullible govs impregnable Enigma machines after WW2.

@_date: 2003-12-16 02:39:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: An Analysis of Compromised Remailers 
This came in response to Cryptome's posting of Len Sassman's
comments on remailers.
Thank you for posting the "Compromised Remailers" article:
Over the past year, many remailer users have noticed that the reliability of the Mixmaster type II network has steadily degraded. Although it may well be the result of TLA interference, the remailer community's statistical methods of selecting a "reliable" remailer chain contribute significantly to the network's degradation.
As a former employee of the United States Army Communications Command [USACC] Headquarters, I was amazed to stumble upon the existence of a publicly available communications medium permitting truly anonymous communication by hampering the government's ability at "traffic analysis," or tracking an email message from its source to its destination. One would have to be foolish to believe that TLAs are not hard at work trying to pierce the veil of anonymity afforded by the Mixmaster type II, and, the yet to be released, type III remailers.
I ran tests in September, October & November, and provided the Mixmaster developers & remail operators with the same results I've included below. My testing was extremely simple: send a bunch of messages, and note which messages arrived. [The same procedure an accountant would use in tracking a financial transaction from its origin to its destination.]
What I found was that a handful of remailers accounted for virtually all of the un-delivered email messages. Yet, these same remailers, that never delivered my email messages to the "alt.anonymous.messages" news group, where also listed as among the most reliable remailers in mixmaster stats used to select remailer chains.
I've included my recommendations to improve the network's reliability in the test results below.

@_date: 2004-01-04 02:30:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: So many statists 
Tim has become so proprietary about cypherpunks it's strange
that he's never operated a node himself, or underwritten all of
them in the generous spirit of John Gilmore. Maybe Tim has
been underwriting them quietly and that accounts for his obnoxious bitching when the discourse doesn't go the way
he wants it -- he being a believer in getting good head for
his money, or else, plonk the hoes.
Drug dealers work the same model, as do pimps, and
bandits, and big-shit right-wing thugs CEOs, none of whom love the urchins who drain their pickles, generate their wealth, instead they yarp the Calvinist creed that economic success equates with superior human value, that if you're not wealthy
you're not of much account, rather than admit the evidence that the opposite is most often true, that wealthy people are
some of the dumbest people on earth, fountainheads of
blather, and got to have obsequious minions -- usually (low)
paid, but if not then brainwashed -- on hand at all times to listen to their cantankerous tommyrot fantasies ever-generated to avoid pondering the consequences of their brutish exploitation.
Tim repeatedly abandons cyperpunks when one of his spews
gets dissed. Goes elsewhere looking for admirers or newbies
to pound, and if pounded back, comes back to cypherpunks
to plead to ye old tyme succor, parading his past accomplishments
to see who'll applaud.
Same same same comes out of idlers worldwide, the wealthy
ones the most so. But even welfare cheats talk Tim's talk,
rather Tim whines like welfare cheats, both sharing contempt for people like themselves, but hoping by blaming others their
own shiftlessness will be overlooked.
There are wealthy people who don't suffer Tim's conceited warped
negativizing narcissism. Some of them have supported cypherpunks
with far more than derivative, endlessly recycled opinions and
braggardy. True, these goodhearts are the exception among typically
vile "successful" assholes, but they save the whole rotten barrel of the rich from getting what it deserves.
That is why Tim fears Gilmore's courage, envy.

@_date: 2004-01-04 01:46:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: So many statists 
Tim has become so proprietary about cypherpunks it's strange
that he's never operated a node himself, or underwritten all of
them in the generous spirit of John Gilmore. Maybe Tim has
been underwriting them quietly and that accounts for his obnoxious bitching when the discourse doesn't go the way
he wants it -- he being a believer in getting good head for
his money, or else, plonk the hoes.
Drug dealers work the same model, as do pimps, and
bandits, and big-shit right-wing thugs CEOs, none of whom love the urchins who drain their pickles, generate their wealth, instead they yarp the Calvinist creed that economic success equates with superior human value, that if you're not wealthy
you're not of much account, rather than admit the evidence that the opposite is most often true, that wealthy people are
some of the dumbest people on earth, fountainheads of
blather, and got to have obsequious minions -- usually (low)
paid, but if not then brainwashed -- on hand at all times to listen to their cantankerous tommyrot fantasies ever-generated to avoid pondering the consequences of their brutish exploitation.
Tim repeatedly abandons cyperpunks when one of his spews
gets dissed. Goes elsewhere looking for admirers or newbies
to pound, and if pounded back, comes back to cypherpunks
to plead to ye old tyme succor, parading his past accomplishments
to see who'll applaud.
Same same same comes out of idlers worldwide, the wealthy
ones the most so. But even welfare cheats talk Tim's talk,
rather Tim whines like welfare cheats, both sharing contempt for people like themselves, but hoping by blaming others their
own shiftlessness will be overlooked.
There are wealthy people who don't suffer Tim's conceited warped
negativizing narcissism. Some of them have supported cypherpunks
with far more than derivative, endlessly recycled opinions and
braggardy. True, these goodhearts are the exception among typically
vile "successful" assholes, but they save the whole rotten barrel of the rich from getting what it deserves.
That is why Tim fears Gilmore's courage, envy.

@_date: 2004-02-14 03:06:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Call to the Usual Suspects 
Follow the invisible man's rainbow socks in sandals. The real emitter
not the no-knock-knocks wearing Tempest protection and LEDs
in horn-rims.
Hear their beeps, scatter, there's a nab acoming.
Once I almost met a cpunk, then it vanished, lo, it was
a cyberpunk oozing.

@_date: 2004-02-16 20:33:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: GPS Goes to Court 
So when does illegal-GPS-bit Jim Bell get out of the pokey and a public apology from the DEA (who planted it), IRS (who
asked for it), Treasury (who wanted to nail a tax-dissident)
US Attorney (who wanted a law partnership), Judge Tanner
(who is blind to justice), US News and World Report (who needed raw feed), Jessica Stern (who needed a crucifixion), and Justice Scalia (who needed a ride-bribe)?
No doubt there will be a specious argument that Washington
State courts don't trump federal, so it will take the ACLU
another 100 years to come to Jim's defense -- he's so un-fund-raisable pre-911, so politically indigestible.

@_date: 2004-03-16 12:09:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: If You Want to Protect A Security Secret, Make Sure It's 
Despite the long-lived argument that public review of crypto assures
its reliability, no national infosec agency -- in any country worldwide --
follows that practice for the most secure systems. NSA's support for AES notwithstanding, the agency does not disclose its military and
high level systems.
It is likely that these agencies are willing to go along with the notion
of public review to lull users into depending on the systems made
public. If any are breakable, the review will show that, and if the
agencies can break them they need not say squat, merely reap
the benefits of public ignorance and trust in seemingly unbreakable systems, as with Enigma, Crypto AG, and numerous other historical examples David Kahn describes.
Cryptome's FOI request for NSA documents on when and what it learned about public key (non-secret) crypto from the Brits is now 3 1/2 years old. The agency has said it has relevants documents but has not yet released anything, though some $4,000 has been paid for the search. (Last response from NSA: May 23, 2003, a telephone
call from Pamela Philips, FOIA Chief, saying that the request was in the "easy queue," number 45 from the top.)
Whit Diffie has said he got hints of PK, or something like it, at
NSA. It is not clear from his account whether information on
PK was deliberately leaked to him, with or without a restriction
of disclosure, or if the breakthrough was truly a phenomenal private effort of Diffie-Hellman-Merkle.
Consider that intelligence agencies are known to run years-
even decades-long deception operations, especially about
top secret infosec operations, with the goal of deceiving about the strength of infosec systems so that they will be sufficiently
trusted to be widely used. Again, Kahn cites numerous examples of such deceptions.
The reputation of witting and unwitting participants and institutions
are often used to gain trust in these breakable systems. The
weakness of vaunted systems is considered to be more valuable
than their strengths.
It is imaginable that if AES did not exist it would have to be invented
for such a purposed. As with PK, PGP and the notion that public review of crypto is the hen's teeth of assurance.
Until national infosec agencies reveal what they know it does not
seem prudent to to believe conventional wisdom no matter
how often repeated, especially how often repeated. A 100% safe crypto system is never to be believed, isn't that what always accompanies cryptographers' assurances for they
now better than anyone that snake oil is their No. 1 tool.
Snake oil = crypto, which accounts for why the charge is so often hurled. And why snake oil is used to camouflage what is occurring
beneath its contemptible obviousness.

@_date: 2004-03-24 00:59:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [osint] Martha's lesson - don't talk to the FBI 
Why pity Martha Stewart, so far she's escaped the pokey,
despite first wide-mouthed reports was sentenced to 20
years, then that was shaved to half, then further trimmed
to a few years, to settle somewhere between probation
and walking free, maybe even suing the feds for defamation,
loss of wealth, and, if truly not a super bitch of riches, overthrowing the government.
Martha may yet reap the benefit of adoration of the
fabulously wealthy, who always get a cut in slack, to be sure
paying for it with small handouts and tips, and having to
hide the trappings of disproportionate moola once the
lesson is learned to not new-rich flaunt it -- build a church
for every yacht.
The old rich know to lay low, let the new mints take the
hit, maybe even report the most vulgar to the authorities
to camouflage deeply embedded thievery with shallow.
One is known to get up in fund-raising fetes to say "My
family foundation gives a million," to prime the yokels' 50K.
Then gets a cut of the take, like Paulie.
Sure, it's hell being a criminal capitalist in the US, where profligate display of stupidly expensive over-priced doohickies is all the numbnuts can think to do with more money than
they ever dreamed of having, or ever dreamed of having
taken from them by venal racket protectors of their horde.
Prosecutors and FBI can never do as much harm to the rich
as their immediate family, associates, lawyers, doctors,
lovers, underlings, servants, bodyguards, alarm installers,
not to say treacherous architects of their panic palaces.
Just pay your inflated bill, you PoS, sweetheart tips on the market aint bankable. The Stewart story is a cover-up,
didn't you know it? All these commiserators don't work
for nothing.

@_date: 2004-04-22 05:13:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap 
Encryption is used by the FBI to flag and snag messages. Whether the
bureau can break them or use such red drawers only for TA and follow-up breaking, entering and planting a capture device is debatable.
NSA reportedly archives indefinitely all encrypted communications,
breakable or not. Who is encrypting to who IDs targets better
than the messages which can be grabbed before and after
decryting if needs be.
So hiding encryption is as important, if not moreso, as its use. USPTO has an NSA patent on extracting text from images, and probably an unpublicized capability to spot crypto among many media and transport
mechanisms, thus encryption stego should go well underground or dispersed among static. Shave your packet, inscribe the message,
grow fuzz over it, launch the hairball.
Signal to noise ratio should tip to noise.
Spam is a handy tool for making static onions.
To be sure grammatical text hides volumes of evil-doing afoot. Watch the text streamers at the bottom of your tube, not the visible ones.

@_date: 2004-05-07 12:39:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Acoustic Cryptanalysis 
Acoustic Cryptanalysis: On nosy people and noisy machines
Adi Shamir and Eran Tromer
A powerful method for extracting information from supposedly secure systems is side-channel attacks, i.e., cryptanalytic techniques that rely on information unintentionally leaked by computing devices. Most attention has been focused on electromagnetic emanations, power consumption and, recently, diffuse visible light from CRT displays. The oldest eavesdropping channel, namely acoustic emanations, has received little attention. The following demonstrates some preliminary results in the analysis of acoustic emanations from personal computers, showing them to be a surprisingly rich source of information on CPU activity.
May 7, 2004

@_date: 2004-05-10 21:53:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Re: Can Skype be wiretapped by the authorities? (fwd from 
them? Whenever this truth is repeated, first revealed here in 1992 by a person
who worked at Intel in its early days when it was desperate for government
contracts, it is taken to be humorous. The detailed description of the chip broadcasting technology was once retrievable from the cypherpunks archives but the earliest archives have disappeared, possibly with the intent of erasing information on this very topic. The original anonymous explained that Intel was going to be withdrawn as a public company and do only black work for governments, not only
the US. That that is likely to have happened except that a public shell was allowed to continue and succeed as a cover -- early investors were induced to keep this quiet with bountiful payouts, among them former Intel employees.
What remains of this story on the Internet is a bowderlized version of the original truth, sometimes commingled with Tempest apochryphia -- Tempest the fountain head of dissimulation about electromagnetic transmitting technology more fancifully described than told the truth As a corollary AMD is an illusory chip fabricator, set up and fed by Intel to give the appearance of competition. There are others to delude foreign customers into trusting their homegrown.

@_date: 2004-06-02 17:31:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Iranian Code Crack 
Information, speculation or leads on the Iranian cryptosystem allegedly cracked or black-jobbed by the US are welcomed for publication on Cryptome.org.
Reported today in the NY Times and elsewhere. The Times
claims it was asked by the USG to withhold information about
the crack (allegedly revealed to the Iranians by Chalabi) but that DoD lifted the stay due to stories "beginning to appear in the news."
Pointers appreciated to those news reports beginning to appear before today.

@_date: 2004-06-15 17:49:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Breaking Iranian Codes (Re: CRYPTO-GRAM, June 15, 2003) 
Crypto AG's website denies the allegation of its machines being compromised. Its FAQ claims the false the story got started in 1992 by a disgruntled employee.
There, that reassures Iran, Botswana, Nigeria and Uganda.
NSA never had those meetings with the machine designers.
Now, how about that story of Phil Zimmermann getting out
of prosecution by agreeing to a backdoor in PGP after 2.0?
A man swears Phil told him that face-to-face, man says
he disassembled the source code to see the damning hole.
And the one about PK being rigged at birth, not the Brit version,
the one made in the USA. A drunk ex-NSA had that on a ready-to-lose laptop bar-lifted by A. Melon.
And the uncrackability of crypto-mathematics, need only to worry about faulty implementation and poor passwords and black bag jobs and key loggers and insiders and EM leakage.
Heard the one about TEMPEST being a long-running

@_date: 2004-07-25 19:41:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feds and Yahoo Muzzle DNC Security Whistleblower 
It appears that the Feds and LEA at the DNC Convention
have ordered Yahoo to axe the mail list TSCM-L run by James
Atkinson for his blistering attack on security at the convention.
  Jim's reports on the inferior security:
    The mail list had nothing to do with these reports, and the
gag appears to be spite against Atkinson for whistleblowing.
However, the mail list purpose is likely to have scared them more than his insecurity reports:
TSCM-L Technical Security Mailing List
Dedicated to TSCM specialists engaging in expert technical and analytical research for the detection, nullification, and isolation of eavesdropping devices, wiretaps, bugging devices, technical surveillance penetrations, technical surveillance hazards, and physical security weaknesses. This also includes bug detection, bug sweep, and wiretap detection services.
Special emphasis is given to detecting and countering espionage and other threats and activities directed by foreign intelligence services against the United States Government, United States corporations, establishments, and citizens.
The list includes technical discussion regarding the design and construction of SCIF facilities, Black Chambers, and Screen Rooms. This list is also for discussing DIAM 50-3, NSA-65, and DCID 1/21, 1/22 compliance.
The primary goal and mission of this list is to "raise the bar" and increase the level of professionalism present within the TSCM business.
The secondary goal of this list is and increase the quality and effectiveness of our efforts so that we give spies and eavesdroppers no quarter, and to neutralize all of their espionage This mailing list is moderated by James M. Atkinson and sponsored by Granite Island Group as a public service to the TSCM, Counter Intelligence, and technical security community.

@_date: 2004-07-07 12:03:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Electronic Surveillance Testimony 
In testimony on July 6, an FBI witness described the bureau's
electronic surveillance systems from the late 1980s to the
The witness, Michael Elliott, heads the FBI's electronic surveillance unit at the Engineering Research Facility, Quantico, VA.
Under cross-examination Elliott admits to not being up to speed on the latest technology -- claiming his knowledge is no more
than an ordinary PC user -- but the judge allowed his "expert"
The testimony says a lot about FBI technological capability,
especially among its senior officials, who apparently do not
keep up with the times despite handing out giant contracts
for spying technology they do not grasp -- judges and prosecutors
not alone.
Asides: 1. The FBI has long had a language translation capability, all
foreign language recordings had to be sent to Salt Lake City,
and accuracy could not be verified. This relates to the current Edmonds suppression effort by DoJ and FBI.
2. Back-up 8mm tapes of analogue recordings started to fall apart, losing evidence. Taped files were converted to digital
with possible loss of information. Original recordings were
3. In describing the old analogue wiretapping system, he said
that certain women's voices speaking in a foreign language
could stop the recording due to matching the shut-off tone.

@_date: 2004-07-05 12:04:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Tyler's Education 
Most spying is done through unsuspected means, especially
those beloved, respected and/or relied upon by the target. Sex, drugs, liguor, family members and friends, employers and employees, government officials, the military, the church
and school, tools of art and trade and personal pleasure:
telephone, radio, and lately the narcoticly privacy-invading
Internet and cellphone.
Spies always deny their best spying techniques, and ridicule the alleged means, most often by boosting the well-known tricks,
indeed hiding behind the tried and true by pretending outrage
at leaks about means and methods, or by novelizing the legacy
practices to camouflage what is actually going on.
Tempest has got a lot of public coverage in recent years though benefits and hazards of compromising emanations has been around for a least a century, though nearly always kept
classified. It is to be wondered what capabilities are being
cloaked by the increasing public knowledge and emphasis
on tempest protection in unclassified military comsec guides.
As often stated here, planning for comsec should correlate
with the threat level: personal, business, political, military.
Personal life and death threat often gets overridden by
national security threat, so individuals and famililies and
interest groups may be sacrificed to protect a nation --
or so it is argued by the LE and natsec addicts (who themselves
really get pissed when you do to them what they do to others).
Setting up, inventing, or deploying means to protect yourself against a national level threat, rather than an overlookable
personal or business threat, would be a good way to
get the LE and natsec addicits on your case. So keep it
quiet -- unless you're looking for bountiful contracts with
the top dogs, then by all means attack them and wait for
a friendly visit by guys in suits, babes in edible clothing, an online admirer of your daring technical prowess, or a UAV depending on how reachable you are.
Spies are claimed to applaud their luck when they get
a signal of being spied upon or denied access by previously unknown means which adds to the vat of cribs.
So, public use of encryption is accompanied by crocodile
cries of LE and natsec addicts being stymied, and the plea
for more burglars and device implanters.

@_date: 2004-07-21 13:34:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto 
There's a trial underway in New York City which involves extensive
testimony from the FBI on its means and methods of tapping phone,
fax and e-mail as well as covert video tapping and audio recording
of the three defendants, one of whom is a NYC lawyer, Lynne Stewart,
the other two usual Muslim suspects. The daily transcripts:
A lot of the early proceeding is dry legal maneurvering so you got to dig
for the technical testimony.
One defendant had 85,000 interceptions over several years, and
as intercept systems changed from analogue (Lockheed Martin) to digital (Raytheon) the conversion and archiving process lost a crucial portion of the intercepts, a basis of charges. Defense lawyers are hammering the FBI witnesses on how this could have occurred, and in the process eliciting a good bit of interesting info on the means and methods, as well as the reputation and ability of the witnesses and the Lockheed and Raytheon interception, manipulation
and archiving systems.
Testimony shows that the FBI continues to rely upon service providers
and contractors for the technical intercepts and freely admit that
the bureau could not do it otherwise. What is done with the raw
intercepts afterwards by the FBI collection, analysis and technical
staff in the field and at the Quantico Engineering Research Facility,
meticulously directed by US Attorneys to pick and choose among the data to support the charges, is what the defense is challenging.
At some point the contractors will be called to describe what takes place beyond FBI capability. The prosecution appears not to want
to go there, so accustomed are they to using the FBI as expert
witnesses to set the limits of jury and the public exposure to the possibilities of counter-interception.
Not a word yet about encryption, although some of the testimony
has been sealed.

@_date: 2004-07-16 19:57:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: "Terror in the Skies, Again?" 
The story might be true but it reads as if a result of the dire warnings issued by DoJ and other terrorism mongerers
warning that an attack on the US is certain, "not if, but soon,"
and by Middle Easterners, especially those in packs not
so different from the Original Nineteen.
By unvarnishing a few facts, the description would fit a Zadeco band, or a bunch of Cajuns heading for Las Vegas, or a soccer team flying to a game, if not Israeli art students.
Too neat, too scripted, to perfect, too like what the administration
and its leeches want the US to believe.
Expect more of the same: here in New York City the terrorism
disinfo is ridiculously abundant. Crepuscular Red baiters are
delirious with the frightening re-enactment.

@_date: 2004-07-20 21:23:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Texas oil refineries, a White Van, and Al Qaeda 
A few days ago somebody used a cellphone camera to document security weaknesses at the Fleet Center in Boston, hosting the DNC convention. Walked all around the center taking pictures and notes while seeming to be
chatting. He photographed a porous adjoining construction site erecting temporary facilities, the center's underground parking, nearby elevated streets, poorly installed security barriers, accessible manholes, and so on. Snapped a single DHS/SS security vehicle while the official was knocking back drinks in lieu of surveilling terrorists. Here are the pretty good pix:
The hundreds of security videos being installed will have
a lot of cellphone users to sort out.

@_date: 2004-08-31 23:11:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Backdoor found in Diebold Voting Tabulators 
No problem accessing blackbox.org and Parts 1 and 2 of the file at 5:15 PM EST.
Perhaps there are blocks on some incoming routes.

@_date: 2004-08-29 12:25:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: JYA's 1st FBI visit? 
The FBI has been set up next door since 1997. Their sole visit was due to stakeouts ringing the wrong door bell.
The bastards bang on the wall when it's too quiet in here.
Hey, they yell, "baby needs new shoes" -- the signal
for us to punch F8 -- pre-recorded for the day's EOS.
Wouldn't you play the FBI Terrorist Task Force's contracted EOS for $200K a year? This long-running Broadway hit got started with the Commies, whose babies needed on-the-dole
shoes, too. No threat to the State, no need for the octupus. No police
state, no need for anarchists. Lots of happy faces in NYC
We photo'd a group of five "undercover" agents yesterday at one of the lift-gates at Madison Square Garden. Got their attention with the facial-recognition databanking, they not being sure we weren't with internal affairs, so they squint-eyed for the mug shots, the game tape assessment. We kept it up for ten minutes, me freely circling their station, them behind the barricades like penned protestors baiting the oppressors.
Another photographer tried doing that and got busted by
other officers ready to pounce. I got the orchestrated bust,
pre-planned for TV, for DoJ's surveilling crew taping
NYC internal affairs surveilling cops, cops surveilling
thousands passing by indifferently.
The feds seem to think NYC cops will betray the State
for a salary boost, the people betray the police for a
and end to taxation. Cops got in bed with the Commies, why not with thank-god-for-EOS GOP?
Sorry, repeat the question.

@_date: 2004-08-12 16:29:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ABC News: Internet and Terrorism 
ABC News is offering a report this evening on how
the Internet may be helping terrorism. For it Cryptome was
grilled and taped yesterday for aiding and abetting. We confessed it's due to brain-liberating by the manchurian

@_date: 2004-08-05 15:17:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Texas oil refineries, a White Van, and Al Qaeda 
Waiting in a public lobby of an educational facility in NYC I was asked
to move by a dame at the security desk. Huh, I said, why? She said
you're blocking my view, I have to see everything going on. So I moved
two inches, grinned, said show me your tits, sure she'd like the Seinfeld line from Boy in A Bubble. Sgt Madam banged a 10-13 bell and six more dames encircled me aiming their protuberances terrifically. Whoa, I said, gobbling a 360 bubbling cheek-swipe of the twelve knobbies, 6 badges, 6 nym tags, ripping leaks and smearing Tyson's blood and spit on their mountainous blue fronts. Then the six-pack array-pivoted 180 and jack-rammed me senseless with hard butts, flashlights, cuffs,
and swear-to-god hard leather pouches of powderpuffs and tampons, and, ass-clenching me upright, jitterbugged to the holding pen, where I was sloshed with a bucket of icewater, stripped searched, body cavitied, Abu Ghraibian privates ridiculed, magic-markered pederast to symbol who rules domestically, not the caucasian dodos peddling silly secrets of terrorists about to shit on civilization.

@_date: 2004-08-03 13:57:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Al-Q targeting NY corporations? 
Indeed, this is the way of US founding fathers, as with today's corporations and citizenry enjoying global predation.
Rebellion against authority using its tools and resources is the only rebellion that works. And the only one feared by authorities,
knowing at they do from their own practice, stealing the money
from where it is, is banking 101, Dillinger a pennyante banker
like Osama.
Now, if you were enjoying your stolen wealth wouldn't you
demonize and kill those who tried to do the same?
Machiavelli, ur bandit apologist, studied avidly at .mil academies
and ever more war think tanks.

@_date: 2004-08-01 19:37:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Al-Q targeting NY corporations? 
Not yet aware the NY-bound wetback had been nabbed we posted material and photos on July 29 about how Amtrak and Long Island Railroad Manhattan tunnels provide easy access to Madison Square Garden located above subterranean Penn Station and the nearby post office where the thousands of press are to be isolated from protestors:
We noted that the tunnels are known to be highly hazardous due to
lack of fire protection and emergency exits.
Shortly a flood of hits started coming from federal, NY state and NYC
security IPs -- Treasury, Homeland Security, DOT, GSA; Kallstrom's
NYS Office of Public Security and a host of Albany agencies; NYPD,
FDNY, the Transit Agency; Suffolk County adjoining NYC; various
from New Jersey; and a slew of other locations. While some were
familiar, a lot of these had not come around before.
None telephoned or visited, maybe during the work week when the
round-up begins as a result of squeezing the intruder.
Presumably red-team postings -- call them chatter, or better: the naming of specific targets -- get fired off to tight-fisted financing agencies to cut loose some emergency bucks, in the Bush re-election manner.
Many more to come before November. Perhaps some real, more
more likely fabbed from odds and ends sucked from the ether
of hard-up operatives -- NYPD Intelligence Commish is ex-CIA.
Ridge has just named names of targets, being unable to get
serious attention with over-used chatter. One notable target in
every major city, perfect campaign fodder.
We'll be providing more red-team tell-tales of what's wrong with
security in NYC, pisspoor at warding off those who hate it, great
at alluring the haters to its sin spots, Wall Street, finance cesses, et al, many such love-haters who will soon be convening to expurge their sins at the hallowed ground zip, praying for more of the
golden natsec rain.

@_date: 2004-08-10 01:13:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Overcomes Fiber-Optic and Encryption 
Excerpt below from a Baltimore Sun article of August 8, 2004.
Some of it could be true, but.
Director of NSA shifts to new path
By Scott Shane
Sun National Staff
August 8, 2004  Technology revolution   Given the dire assessments a few years ago, it is notable that Hayden says the communications revolution has on the whole been a plus, not a minus, for the NSA.   The NSA director declines to elaborate. But interviews with outside experts suggest that the agency has managed to overcome the challenges posed by fiber-optic cable and encryption.   "My opinion is that at this point, those are little more than a speed bump to NSA," says Steve Uhrig, president of SWS Security, a Harford County firm that builds eavesdropping and counter-eavesdropping systems for U.S. and foreign police agencies. "They have a virtually unlimited budget, and they can put amazing resources to work on a problem."   Several sources who regularly speak with NSA officials say they believe Uhrig is right. Although they do not know the details, they say the agency has almost certainly managed to tap fiber cables on a large-scale basis, making access to the information inside less of a problem than its overwhelming volume.   The NSA has also found a silver lining to the use of encrypted e-mail: Even if a particular message cannot be read, the very use of encryption can flag it for NSA's attention. By tracking the relatively few Internet users in a certain country or region who take such security measures, NSA analysts might be able to sketch a picture of a terrorist network.   Information 'in motion'   And by focusing their electronic tricks on messages as they are first typed on a computer or when they are read on the other end - what security experts call "information at rest" - NSA technical experts might be able to bypass otherwise-unbreakable encryption used when the information is "in motion."   Meanwhile, the popularity of e-mail and particularly of cell phones has worked to the NSA's advantage in the battle against terrorism.   The NSA's computers can track and sort huge volumes of e-mail far more easily than they can manage telephone intercepts, because text is consistently represented in digital code.   And cell phones - as handy for terrorist plotters as for everyone else - provide not just an eavesdropping target but also a way to physically track the user.   Uhrig, who has installed cellular intercept systems in several countries, says that as cell phones have proliferated, the "cells" served by a tower or other antenna have correspondingly grown smaller. "A big hotel may have a cell for every other floor. Every big office building is its own cell," he says.   Easier tracking   By following a switched-on cell phone as it shifts from cell to cell, "you can watch the person move," Uhrig says. "You can tell the direction he's moving. If he's moving slow, he's walking. If he's moving fast, he's in a car. The tracking is sometimes of much more interest than the contents of a call."

@_date: 2004-08-13 01:24:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome on ABC Evening News? 
There a text version of the report on abcnews.com and a video
is available to subscribers.
To keep the nation secure the web site is not named. Google
search appears to do it based on hate mail coming in.

@_date: 2004-08-24 01:59:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Another John Young Sighting 
The FBI visit took place in November 2003. Here's an account:
The John Stewart piece excerpted an AP-TV clip taped on August 16 which was a supplement to an AP story about FBI
harassment of potential RNC protestors. AP, like ABC News, confused the unrelated November visit with the August RNC visits. What got their attention
were Cryptome's aerials and maps -- red-team exposure
of vulnerabilities around Madison Square Garden, and
our accusation of NYC security by obscurity. No feds or LEs have inquired about those obvious weaknesses.
During interviews we've tried to explain this but that
didn't mean shit to the interviewers who were looking for people to brand anarchists who had been smeared by FBI
visits. Why are you helping terrorists, they chant.
We had no contact with the Daily Show. And didn't use
the term anarchist in interviews although several interviewers
urged it.
We told one interviewer that anarchism was too mild for
our intention to undermine civilization, to rid the earth of
humanity, for the planet to shrivel into nothingness, to
accept that the desire to be god was a useless passion. Oh shit, he said, you're a Sartrean.
Merde, oui.

@_date: 2004-08-21 01:15:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Another John Young Sighting 
That was a surprise and I missed it. Saw the re-run just
now. Pretty funny, ISTM.
The clip was from an AP TV piece which was taped
just before the recent AP story. One day a still photographer
and video guy came to do a follow-up to a telephone interview
by Tom Hays, the AP reporter. No fanfare like the ABC
News gang. The two were in and out in 20 minutes. Each
carried his own equipment, the TV guy packing a heavy
shoulder camera. No lighting, no rigging, a mic, a recorder,
the camera.
He asked a couple of questions, said just talk, so I did.
He said turn off the radio. Shot the barking carcass. He said
walk down the corridor, don't talk. He shot a couple of scrolling screens, packed up, took off.
The still camera guy was the only journalist over recent
days who showed press ID, wore it around his neck. He was a black man, so it figures. He said, without prompting,
you know it's amazing how people let the press into
their homes and offices, no questions asked. We could
be cops or feds and nobody'd know. He said a couple of
guys showed up at his home while the baby-sitter and
his daughter were alone, had talked their way past the
doorman, said they were cops, but showed no ID. The
baby-sitter said show me ID. The guys said we don't
need to. The babysitter said go to hell and slammed the door. The next day, the photog called the precinct
to see if its cops had come. Precinct said nobody from
here went there, but maybe they were from another
jurisdiction. He said he never learned who they were
or why they came.
A black women reporter came a couple of days ago,
showed no ID but mesmerizing giant hooters in a deep-cut blouse. Don't remember what I told her, her name or
who she worked for. Fought hard to look at her eyes,
I think.

@_date: 2004-08-20 16:58:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: T. Kennedy == Terrorist says TSA 
The ban on Teddie flying had nothing to do with natsec. Years
ago it was tried due to his being drunk and his stench of piss, vomit
and scotch. Later, it was tried due to his being drunk, stinking, and too fat to fit in a single seat, demanding two or more, depending on whether he could be propped upright. Nobody from the
Kennedy clan could or would travel with him. Aides had to
go ahead to prepare the way for public "Irish strut-stagger," so Kennedy never got refused until he was ready to make a federal case about it.
To be sure, members of both parties behave in public as pigs at trough, laced with whiskey or dope or tranquilizers or all.
Ban them from public transport, which they use only occasionally
to appear to be a little piggy, pray for frayed wiring on their private means of transport.

@_date: 2004-10-31 23:09:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Winning still matters, etc... 
To state the obvious to Major Variola, CDC will have first
indication of a devastating US attack, reported fragmentarily
under its links to hospitals, clinics and physicians, against which the might military and law enforcement have no defenses.
By time the attack is understood it will be too late to mount
a national defense. Food and water are the means and methods,
not the hardware and electronic infrastructure, seaports and
airports, so loudly warned about. The last terrorist attack is not
the next one.
Elderly and children first to show the signs. Those not watched
all that carefully by the big warfighters, indeed overlooked by
design, so disdainful are they of caregivers.

@_date: 2004-10-12 21:18:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: cryptome.org down? 
The site has been overloaded for a couple of days due
to heavy hits on files on the Indymedia UK takedown
and the "Bush bulge." A Slashdot attack added to that
yesterday but has gone away. Today The Reg cited
the Bush bulge file and the overload restarted. It'll
pass shortly, maybe.

@_date: 2004-10-23 20:09:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
There were several USG offices in the Twin Towers, some of
them intelligence. In addition, CIA was located in 7 WTC, along with Secret Service and military offices. The military offices
were used as cover for the others. There was far more USG in WTC than in Murrah, and the lesson learned in OKC was no doubt useful to the attackers: collateral hurt to innocents is magnitudes
more powerful than hitting military targets -- that is what
strategic bombing was invented to demonstrate, not to say threatening with WMDs, a practice invented by the US and
which remains its primary defense strategy.
The cause and effect between USG WMD threats and terrorist attacks is yet to be fully admitted outside military circles: the
military accepts that innocents will be slaughtered, and the
winner must slaughter the most. Terrorism to the military is a nuisance even when a few of its troops are picked off.
The losses in Iraq do not even make a blip on expected
casualties of a major war. More military have died in
conventional accidents, murders and suicides around the world than have died in Iraq and Afghanistan. But those in the Middle East have greater utility for the military to boost its suck for more funds and more "our boys and girls"
sacrifice and more bawling in congress and the presidential campaign about protecting the nation, defense cut-back not
even a dream since ever so convienent 9/11.
Murrah bombing helped the battle against homeland militants,
and WTC got the ball rolling for battle overseas.
Who planned them is yet to be revealed, but the usual suspects
don't mean shit.

@_date: 2004-10-19 19:44:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
I appreciate your valiant if futile effort to defend honorable
militarism, but you appear not to understand that much of current US military doctrine is aimed at terrorizing enemy forces, en masse, into submission, not merely courageously killing each combatant, mano a mano.
Carpet bombing, bunker-busting, cruise missles, stealth
attacks, artillery barrages, and tactical and strategic attacks
with overwhelming forces in multiples of the opposing force, the so-called "shock and awe," are intended to demoralize and terrify the opposition including civilian supporters. These
attacks require little or no courage to execute, for most are
accomplished with stand-off or remote-controlled platforms,
guided by long-radar, GPS, and satellites, systems operated
by clean-uniformed technicians who don't bear personal
arms, even take showers daily and watch TV of their
carnage for entertainment.
This contrasts with the special forces which do aim at
small scale, precision killing, and which does require courage.
Not much of that goes on, way too cheap for the military-
industrial empire which treasures big iron, gigantic iron,
humongous iron, unbelievably expensive metal, costing
millions of dollars per kill, rather imaginary deaths in the
Cold War manner.
Don't mistake the language and literature of war for
the real thing. You find yourself 100 yards from a bomb
blast, and your organs go into shutdown from the
concussion, yours vision blurs, your limbs won't
function, you shit and piss your britches, then another
bomb falls 50 yards away and blood squirts from ears
eyes and gums due to air compression of your veins
and arties, you flop senselessly out of control and
try to cry for momma, no air in your lungs, skin turning
red from heat, then a third bomb hits 25 yards away
and your body begins to come apart from the blast
or being scythed by shrapnel -- if your head doesn't
leave the carcass, it'll be fried by the metal helmet,
your skin will sizzle, boiling blood will spray out
of all your orifices, but you'll not get to appreciate this
sacrifice for your country, you'll be chatting with
your maker, the bodybag team scraping you memorial
into the barbage bag, heading for the flag-draped
Back in the control room which directed the friendly
fire, the boys and girls are whooping at the bomb
pattern, high-fiving and fist knocking at the perfect
fit of thinking machine and killing machine, no risk to the comfy killers manning the mouses, just like the gameboys taught.

@_date: 2004-10-18 18:25:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Airport insanity 
James is wired to be unempathetic about victims, as was McVeigh,
as are fearless military and criminal killers, as are national leaders of a yellow stripe who never taste the bitter end of their exculpatory
What makes the wire work is that they do not believe that what they do unto others will be done to them. This is their faith, blind, cross-eyedly focussed vision which sees a right safe path down the thinnest of righteous tunnels of imagined invulnerability.
Call it the armor of cowards. Call it fundamentalism, or patriotism, or pinheads up their tiny Been there: saw the vision, sniffed the odor, licked the sides
of the honey-dripping tunnel, gagged, muttered what the shit is this stuff I've been preached is myrhh out of the backdoors
of virgins, yelled, hey, sarge, get me out of my hole. Sarge was long gone, preaching and laughing like the devil.
AIDS of the mind is hard to cure.

@_date: 2004-10-15 20:30:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
Most of the Boston Red Sox team look as if they have just
come from a terrorist training camp for blind, handless barbers, decked-out in ill-fitting sports gear, staring wild-eyed at RPGs being fired at their heads and nuts, swinging clubs futilely at the inerrant missiles, their ass-wipe paws swollen into giant shit-covered patties, muttering homicidal jihads against devil-bred

@_date: 2004-10-21 20:02:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Printers betray document secrets 
Bear in mind that typewrites have been traced by the
minute, unique characteristics of the metal face of character producers, whether lever-type or ball. The FBI has been doing this quite a while.
Micro-forensics of the unique printing mechanism of each
machine is likely possible. Identification in this manner would have nothing to do with toner cartridges or machine numbers, although it would probably take a sophisticated
laboratory to make the match.
As with most intelligence involving technology, it is not
the obvious that reveals but conceals the less than
obvious, at several depths of deception. Software registration numbers don't mean much compared to what is snarfed when you log on to register a product -- not to mention those sneaky handshakes of PKs and TTPs and SSHs and Extra-Secure Certificates.
Take a gander at a Wash Post Op-Ed from a few
days ago that explained what has been explained
years ago on this sacred list about technological
and intelligence deception, in particular the role
of media yokeling the public:
To be sure the Op-Ed, written by someone at MIT's
Security Studies Center (wah!), may be an example of what it speaks, but not this message from god: there will
be no casualities, James, dogdamn it, no pain and
suffering, just lip flapping about the horror deserved.

@_date: 2004-10-27 20:53:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cyclotrimethylene trinitramine 
Generously, the US government offers a complete set of
photos, drawings, process diagrams and descriptions for an RDX manufacturing plant. Library of Congress has the info in its Historic American Engineering Record.
Search on "RDX."
Now it could be disinfo to get a wild bunch to blow themselves up, but that happens pretty often with the USG plant too. See
the prolific explosion barriers and escape chutes throughout
the groundbreaking, heh, facility.

@_date: 2004-10-30 21:44:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: "We are revealed by what we hate." (fwd) 
Now, Bob, master your knee jerk eye-poke: Brooks is a regular on the Lehrer show, paired with Shields for, cough, balance. Muddle v. muddle, judge-judied by muddle.
Brooks is the only one of the three without orange hair,
the other two a generation older. And he's near wattleless.
His sparse hair is honest compared to the henna, hair enhancer, make-up and wrinkle filler on the two turkied-geezers seeming coutured by the same Madame
Toussaint as Peter Jennings' boyish mortician deathshead.
Which returns to the Osama make-over. His nose looks
much bigger, longer and wider, eyes closer together. The sage-of-the-desert color combination of his face and hands, beard, robe, hat and backdrop look as if it was shot in New Mexico, or maybe Israel pretending Lawrence of
Arabia remake.
So who's holding the sage, and where, who's scripting the
spiel, who's got the most to gain to keep Osama unburied,
dead or alive?
Most exciting, though, is who's gonna launch the election
day massive massacre on behalf of the pret a porter suspects,
in the can and ready to show.

@_date: 2004-10-30 17:10:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: "We are revealed by what we hate." (fwd) 
Brooks on The Lehrer Report last night did indeed go berzerk
in the face of Shield's superior defense of Kerry's reasonable
approach. Brooks repeatedly agreed with Shield's analysis
showing Bush/Cheney was dogmatic, inflexible and incapable
of admitting error, then went on to defend their fundamental
righteousness as being what you have to do to win against
others having the same characteristics.
He said reasonable people like us, meaning the three on the
show, are not typical of those Bush/Cheney are appealing to.
Their base consituency does not want equivocation they want
to be right, and win, no matter what other countries may want.
Brooks conceded that this desire for being a winner take all,
by force if necessary, concealed a fear of being ignorantly
wrong, and that any candidate which exploited this fear by
promising might is more powerful than knowledge and doubt
will do very well.
This argument is made here by James Donald, and before
him, Tim May and groupies.
To be sure the armaments makers aplaud this rock-headedness
of the cowards who always advocate that others die -- preferably
in large numbers -- for the safety of the yellow-striped shickenhawks needing their necks wrung.
Yeah, yeah, they'll rooster-crow about popping their peashooters
at anybody who violates their isolationist piss-markings of triadic
carriers, boomers and stategic bombers. But what the cowards want is for somebody to cuddle them like mommy did, to keep a tit ready to slumber-suck away nightmare doubts.
Brooks got so worked up, Shield's had to pat him on the back
to assure the weenie his futile defense of idiot hatemongerers didn't mean he'd get booted from the elite in-nut-hut.

@_date: 2004-10-31 22:35:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Winning still matters, etc... 
There is a decreasing chance the US can apply its military
might to defeat an unconventional enemy. That kind of enemy
is not what long-standing military strategy and most tactics
are aimed at. Rumsfeld was hoping to revise that when yet
one more mighty military war appeared to head off changing
military policy.
The US has demonstrated in Afghanistan and post-Hussein
Iraq that it does not know how to fight unconventionally. That
inability appeared in Korea, then Viet Nam and has been shown
in every combat the US has engaged in since WW 2.
Military professionals know this and are hamstrung by the
narcotic dependency the defense industry and its beneficiaries
has for big iron and every bigger and more expensive platforms.
This has been coupled with gigantism in intelligence, big science
and big technological research advocated and overseen by giant
corporations and institutions. And to gloss this a huge spin
and propoganda machine has been funded to pump up the
threats and the hefty defense tax boondogling.
Special forces and operations were devised to piss-ant an alternative to this spread across the US pork-barrell behemothicism. But they have seldom been applied beyond pinprick displays, with much hoorahing about their stealthy effectiveness: "we can tell you about our successes, only failures make it to the media."
Commentators have noted the corrupting influence of empire
Britain thinking its global navy would assure continuance of
hegemony. The more that conceit was believed the weaker
the military became by its failure to recognize new forms of
warfare and new ways of thinking. That empire was undermined
by non-hegemonic forms of combat and thinking.
The US might get a bye with its arrogant belief in military might
for another generation if its lucky, if unlucky it will not survive this one. Well, parts of it may survive, away from the cities. Imagine
one of the few cypherpunks holed-up in northwest Utah and
one bunkered in Corralito escape the food-and-water-borne President Attila or May?

@_date: 2004-10-30 22:14:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Winning still matters, etc... 
Hoover Institution says it all. Heh.
Will to win is the opium of warmongerers, Nietszchean
armchair blowhards.
Come on, Bob, you did the philosophy turn, poke holes
in the blather coming from these righteous pedants hustling
for the military/natsec ghouls, extorting the public for
expensive useless hardware, exhorting families to breed dead-heading patriotic youngsters.
Rhetorical bloodlusters, they be, who never took a bullet in the spine, no spine in fork-tongued snakes.
Put these vapid thinktankers in a veteran hospital toting bedpans, sniffing gangrene, hearing a quadriplegic
beg god to headchop clubhouse shits who drunkenly
cry for war.

@_date: 2004-11-19 18:02:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Drivers License Security Hole 
The American Assocation of Motor Vehicle Administrators
has prepared a series of studies on security of drivers
license data, and not least sharing it with law enforcement. Access to some of the docs are supposed to be limited to
members but R. notes that the security is illusory, so the docs can be accessed until the hole is closed (see the last
appendix for LE access to data):
AAMVA determined the need for a comprehensive
framework of minimum requirements with enhanced
recommendations to improve the quality, reliability,
uniformity and security of the driver licensing
process in North America.  As a result, AAMVA compiled
and produced its DL/ID Security Framework: A Package
of Decisions Based on Best Practices, Standards,
Specifications and Recommendations to Enhance Drivers
License Administration and Identification Security.
This document is currently available to the AAMVA
membership only.  Members will be required to present
their AAMVA user ID and password to access the
framework.

@_date: 2004-11-13 17:21:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Mr. Blue Goes Deaf When He Sees Red 
It is possible that the intelligence community, front-covered the CIA,
dream of a Putin-like takeover, not to continue "serving the President,"
and taking orders as demanded toady by David Brooks in the New York US citizens allowed the intel monster to grow in secrecy and it will likely devour the American experiment in democratic openness, utilizing the same methods forever employed by secret orgs: national security FUD.
To be sure, most of the monster hides behind the DoD facade
of "our troops," not at Langley, and it is this warmongering majority
that has the biggest stake in inventing enemies of the state, and
promising economic benefits to local, state, and national interests.
Secrecy is the WMD that is killing the US, not the puny terrorists,
as demonstated by the UK, Russia, China, Cuba, all around the
What Bush and Blair cooked up in the last day or so could well
determine whether lists like this and much of the Internet remain open or get shut. The boys and girls who daily brief the Ps are
not going to go back to the downslide of pre-911.
No doubt some might say that is why 911 was cooked up, precursing
Beslan and more to come. 1200 troops dead in Iraq is not much
of a blip on big sines of expendables.

@_date: 2004-11-07 21:24:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Tom Wolfe: 'Talk to someone in Cincinnati? Are you crazy?' 
What is characteristic of all these Bush-winning stories is that
the writers uniformly seem surprised it happened. More surpised
than the Democrats. Their post-election commentary conveys
that it is hard to believe by most Americans that Bush seems to have won, if you read the winners and losers accounts carefully.
Wolfe's piece shows the common feature of dumbfoundness,
as if not quite clear how it happened, despite all the cliches being
bruited, especially the one about the Bush campaign reaching all those millions who liked him and what he is doing.
There a nervousness in the winners' stories, an unsureness
that there was a legitimate win, that something might be discovered
to invalidate it, so its best to push the good news before it
evaporates or is transformed into bad news so closely associated
with the Bush administration. The Bush-win proponents sound like they are whistling in the dark. And their whistling keeps getting louder and more persistent and
more hysterical, if you bother to read the anxious urgings Herr Dr. Heidegger is posting here.
Your Nazi-Commie-Faith-Based Code-Whistler

@_date: 2004-11-05 15:36:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Blue Democrats Lost Red America 
A shallow, stale spin, unduly sanctimonious, and highly presumptive of the legitimacy of election reports.
Same vapid shit to fill news void would have been written if Kerry squeaked by.

@_date: 2004-11-06 18:00:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: This Memorable Day 
The US made a bundle from WW1 and WW2 warfare, in both
cases being rescued from an economic slump, and some have
argued the US delayed sending troops as long as possible to
extend the demand for supplies, supplies which appeared to
always be insufficient but enough to keep the warring parties
going at it.
To be sure, the US Civil War provided the same beneficence
to its overseas exploiters, not to say domestic entrpreneurs,
not to say hordes of today's reenactors.
Historians have noted that Northern generals in particular worked hard to avoid battle while begging for more troops and supplies. Shrewd commentators write there could have been Southern-general complicity in this paradic churning before it got out of hand due to Lincoln demanding action to keep his
comfy future -- kapow! went the prez to his virgins.
It is a truism that power in leaders is enlarged during wartime,
no matter their ideology, so it is a surefire way to boost flagging
support (60 million can be that DUMB). And the more humans slaughtered the greater the support as each homeland, praise Allah's cloven hooves, and seeks revenge for the loss of its prime beef, and if all goes well, the fighting never comes home to roost in hilltop mansions, damn those paraplegics who won't parade their grotesqueries: axe their meds.
Red poppies, how do they bloom in November, remember Fallujah.
Halls of Montezuma, Shores of Tripoli, yadda.

@_date: 2004-11-03 16:34:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: This Memorable Day 
But your defenses of the fatherland are hollow formulas.
There has been no war to win, a war the US is forever
stealing from the citizenry to prepare for, and then fucking
up with the minor skirmishes by having no doctrine or
training to apply its mythical might, except, as always,
to explain away abject failure with fairy tales like you're
Deterence is bullshit, but it worked to keep the Soviet
and US militarists and their supplies in top level comfort.
Now, the US has no complicit partner in raiding the public
till, so it fabricates the terrorist threat, and lockstepping
right along comes Russia, the UK and all the natsec
bullshitters (slanted intelligence addicts) to march to
the beat of bucks aflowing imperially.
Dig deeper, middle-aged spinner, your history seems to have been framed by the Cold War and its bastard mini-me terrorism racket here lately.
Do you by any chance have a contract with the tomfoolers?
Or is it just natural to believe sugar daddy's tales of
conquest and invulnerability? And, what is this shit about needing to kill as many of
the varmints as possible? Have you ever tried to do that,
these mean sumbitches are not birds and rabbits and
women and children.
Beware the May/Donald megadeath syndrome which always indicates a yellow stripe down the back of those who love
to advocate others dying for their comfort and safety --
in large numbers, as if big bragging makes it braver.
Weenies do that.

@_date: 2004-11-03 13:12:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: This Memorable Day 
The US has not won since WW2. Rebellions, now called
terrorist wars, have been far more successful. If you want
to be a winner do not enlist in military forces of states, rather
get a spin contract far from danger, arguing the virtues of
mightily fearsome hardware and sacrificial patriotism.
The US, a hidebound state, engages in limited combat, dithers, gets youngsters killed, parades the funerals and heroes, eventually pulls out, and the apologists for warmongering do their dirty. Still, it can be said of US military might: more servicemen die of military and civilian accidents, ill health, murders and
suicide than in combat. Worse, deaths and maimings from friendly fire and bad medical care, not to say military justice,
remain a high hazard of high technology and a natsec/military
policy of acceptance and/or denial of responsibility for self-
caused casualties and homicidal behavior in abused and
abandoned service members -- Tim McVeigh one of tens
of thousands who attack at home due to momentum rigged
by inept military training and ethics.
Bob Hettinga is just baiting by putting up flimsy arguments
for western supremacy, evangelizing brand USA. Hoovering the yokels who cannot not believe their kind are chosen people.
Standard fare of US (Western, all) state-sponsored education and religion and, oh my god, journalism.
Quote of the day from the NY Times: "every journalist should
spend a month in jail to appreciate the freedom of the
press." This from a reporter for the Far Eastern Economic
Report, to be closed shortly by Dow Jones.

@_date: 2004-11-02 17:37:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: This Memorable Day 
And an admirable role model for the Simian's memory:
An avenging rebel terrorist shot Abe, not Grant, who
suicided himself with whiskey and self-pity, after lollygagging
in the animal-beshat White House, lost that, took up liquor, became a helpless drunk, friends caretook his inept pickled carcass for a few years then he wrote a vain, distorted book about his carnaging of the rebels, and worst comedownance, got entombed on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, so it is said, but who knows what military-industrial effigy lies in that grafitti-and-dogshit-smeared pile overlooking beshitten liberal-elitist, nest of rebellious vermin Columbia University, Riverside Church, the National Council of Churches, and best,
squalid, infested, periodically ractist white-massacreing Still, when you visit Grant's Tomb you see mostly well-dressed
African Americans studying the memoria displayed welling tears
at the piles of war dead, the freed slaves, the army grunts and
officers gauntly posed in muddy filth. A tourist bus roars in, pinky blobs waddle into the high-domed gloom, see no cafe, no gift shop,
come out to circle the monument looking for something to
buy or eat or video. Nothing there like the rest of the homeland
shopfested US. What the fuck they mouth, fart, scratch, heave
their globs fore and aft, struggle to re-mount the bus, stare out the dark glass at me in my Swift Boat get-up, jesus-bearded,
gut abusting, carrying a Viet Vet begging sign that says Apocalypse Now or Else.

@_date: 2004-11-05 20:03:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Why Americans Hate Democrats-A Dialogue 
Commie is the term used here like is nazi used elsewhere
as the most fearsome if thoughtless epithet. Nazi here is a term of endearment, and also admirable role model by some.
Calling someone both is not allowed, check the FAQ under impurity.
Tim May, praise Allah, always claimed cypherpunks was a fair and
balanced forum thanks to the one person of the left here who was fingered affectionately like a house rodent, an easy target for
errant shooters.
CJ is not to be recalled, ever.
Jim Bell still sends "very important" legal papers, the latest yesterday, which describe the way things should be understood. But who can
believe an MIT chemist political prisoner.
CJ and Jim jailed by the Democratic freedom-fighters.

@_date: 2004-11-05 18:29:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Why Americans Hate Democrats-A Dialogue 
Well, this is just commie propaganda.
Bob, you know this is against list rules, everybody knows
what's right, stop blue-baiting, you fucking nazi.

@_date: 2004-11-06 14:35:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why Americans Hate Dissenters 
On CJ (Carl Johnson) and Jim Bell:
There was a time when the greatest terrorist threat to the
US was located in the northwestern part of the country,
Idaho, Washington State and Oregon, some of California.
Militia the infidels were called.
The US Attorney's Office in Tacoma, WA, was a center
of counterterrorist activity, aided by FBI, Treasury, IRS,
US Marshals, DEA and others.
Jim Bell was twice busted, tried, convicted and jailed, by the
Tacoma USA, for alleged acts against the USG, primarily the IRS, but knowledgeable citizens presume the assault was the result of his essay, Assassination Politics (AP), which descibed a system for anonymous killing of varmints, government officials especially, but not limited to those.
CJ defended Jim with a series of online statements on his
behalf, and for allegedly running an online version of AP.
For this misbehavior he was busted, tried, convicted and jailed,
also by the Tacoma USA.
Jim served his first term, allegedly misbehaved again,
and was sent to jail again, where he remains and continues
to file appeals of his railroading. CJ served a term and is now free, pursuing among other wonders his career as
the King of Country Porn.
Bell and CJ posted regularly to cypherpunks during their
days of pre-jailing, and some of their messages here were
used against them during trial. An agent of the IRS, Jeff
Gordon was a known subscriber of cypherpunks for
the purpose of surveilling members and stashing useful
email evidence to advance his career -- Jeff was indeed awarded honors for his investigation and jailing of the heroes of the revolution. Here's a US Marshal report on Jeff's snooping:
   On November 25, 1997, Inspector Jeff GORDAN with the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) Portland, Oregon, contacted the U.S.
Marshals Service, Tacoma, Washington, regarding an internet
posting he had obtained on this day (see attached).
   On the same date, Deputy U.S. Marshal STEPHENSON contacted
Inspector GORDAN in an attempt obtain further details regarding
the individuals mentioned in the internet posting. Inspector
GORDAN related the following:
   On May 17, 1997, the IRS in Vancouver, Washington, arrested
James Dalton BELL ( for threats, assaults,
obstruction, and intimidation of employees and officers of the
IRS. During IRS's initial investigation of BELL, the IRS
discovered that BELL was associated with the Multnomah County
Common Law Court as well as the author of "Assassination
Politics", an essay that describes and advocates the development
and use of a system to reward people who kill selected Government
employees. BELL was also known to transmit his beliefs via
internet services (see W/WA case    Inspector GORDON indicated that since BELL's arrest his office
has been monitoring internet postings by the Cypherpunks, one of
the groups BELL was known to be communicating with. Many of the
postings are simply communications between members of the group
regarding their dissatisfaction with the Government. Inspector
GORDAN related that this posting was a concern due to the
statement made by the author, indicating that Tim MAY announced
he would be murdering Jim Bell's judge (known to be U.S. District
Judge Franklin BURGESS or Magistrate J. Kelly ARNOLD) on Friday,
at 4;00 p.m.
   Inspector GORDAN indicated that he is not familiar with the
author of the posting, Bad BobbyH, however he was familiar with
Tim MAY. Inspector GORDAN described MAY as being an
anarchist/survivalist who seems to spend much of his time
communicating his beliefs via the internet. According to
Inspector GORDAN, MAY is retired and fairly "well off", making
his fortune years ago by developing computer programs. May also
has a tendency to attempt to "goat" or "bait" law enforcement
officers into taking action and has repeatedly stated he would
shoot any law enforcement officers who attempted to arrest him.
   Inspector GORDAN provided the following information regarding
the individuals mentioned in the posting:
   Timothy C. MAY (DoB: 12/21/51 & SSN: XXX-XX-XXX)
   XXX
   Corralltos, CA 95078
   Robert HETTINGA
   XXX
   Boston, MA 02131
   Inspector GORDAN disclosed that his office is unable to trace
the posting because the address, Robert Heidegger (rh
is false/untraceable.
   On November 25, 1997, U.S. District Judge Franklin BURGESS and
Magistrate Judge J. Kelly ARNOLD were notified by Supervisory
Deputy Glenn WHALEY and Deputy STEPHENSON reference the internet
   A copy of the internet posting was forwarded to FBI Special
Agent Ron Stankye (360) 695-5661.
   Attached is a copy of another posting by the Cypherpunks
previously received on June 23, 1997 regarding Magistrate J.
Kelly ARNOLD.
   If you have any questions regarding this matter, please call
Deputy STEPHENSON at (253) 593-6344.
Several cypherpunks were subpoenaed for the three trials
for eithering hosting the list, being named as correspondents
with Bell and/or CJ, reporting about the two, or allegedly having information about their seditious activity -- then known as tormenting officials eager to boost counterterrorism funding long before the field went ballistic with Homeland
Security golden windfall, praise Allah's generosity.
Here are some files on the trials of the two:
 (Jim Bell)
 (CJ)
 (CJ)
Ever In struggle,
Your Commie/Nazi Reporter

@_date: 2004-11-06 17:06:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: No, Canada! 
Fair enough. Canada is a role model for the US, as is the US for
the world: nobody is wanted unless they are willing to pay for the mistakes and messes the locals have made, or best, work for starvation wages, usually off the books, long the prime source of penal-grade labor in the Echelon nations, not to say the, spit, Western and Eastern cultures -- out-sourcing has always been first in line right at home: wives, kids and the invisible caste-classes
who swab your puke and dump your garbage and bail you out of
the drunk tank.
Contamination by settlement of North America (and man-woman
marriage): pay for it, new immigrants (wives and kids), with cheap labor and keeping your thoughts very, very quiet, and don't bitch about master's eccentricities about sex. The first New World, as Old, settlers set these conditions for the natives and for anybody who came afterwards. That's how you succeed in the New Worlds, behave like Calvinist cum Libertarian cum Roman cum Roman Church pretend aristocrats: if you dont'have it you don't deserve it, but you can always steal
it the legal way, stock market and tithe basket, praise Allah for his valorizing wealth as salvation.
But, more of the defense budget goes for clean-up of its messes in
the US than for military health-care and benefits (overseas it has
hardly begun). The clean-up corporations are mostly the same ones which made the messes (this is the pattern since the Revolutionary
War), and they are not doing the job worth a shit, overruns and performance failures as bad as for unworkable but richly bragged-about armaments. If the bitching about contamination gets too loud, why
start another war.
The DC-area is one of the most contaminated parts of the US due to the plethora of toxic-puking mil installations. One of the worst is under American University and surrounding neighborhoods, across Nebraska Avenue from the headquarters of Homeland Security, itself once home of the military's oldest comsec unit.
As sleazy Hitchens and slews of other suck-ups of the rich and powerful have demonstrated, especially those predating from Canada: defend and flatter and amuse the privileged of the US-supremacist model of the New World as if the Old in new clothing, and you'll do quite well. But do not engage in dissent or your product won't move and your wise ass will be banished -- thanks to the scoundrels' patriotism embedded in the capitalist regime since day one.

@_date: 2004-11-09 02:02:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Faith in democracy, not government 
West Texas is where kids learn to fuck jackrabbits by slitting their guts to fashion a pokehole. The jacks' death kicking of the cojones is what leaves an urge in them as adults to spread the practice to the state, the nation, the world, any place to hunt gash.
You thought dove hunting is what drew visitors to the
state. Heh. Think of the joy of hurling inseminated rabbit guts at depleted confreres.

@_date: 2004-11-08 00:38:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Faith in democracy, not government 
Excellent humor, this Hooverismo, got all the usual targets
in his insulting-like-Lenny-Bruce jibe. Probably high on
narcotics like Lenny. Imagined victory turns on losers.
A bit excessive with hyperbole, but that's code by comics.
Remember the CIA Comic from the late 90s? Told hilarious
inside the agency jokes that made everyone outside the
cocoon blanche and puke, sorry, Bob blew coke through
his nose.
That comic has not been heard since 9/11, thanks to
DoD takeover of the howler stage.
Your Nazi-Commie-Crank-Yanker

@_date: 2004-11-11 19:48:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The Full Chomsky 
But James, it is a no-brainer to refute an argument with
selective use of an opponents words, phrases, quotations,
arguments and beliefs. Debaters are trained and hired to do just this as are propagandists, spin doctors, psychiatrists,
journalists, scholars, historians, pr pros, courtiers, literary critics,
philosophers, logicians, priests, lovers, indeed most of
language and discourse is made up of such mongrelian
Chomsky, the linguist, knows this better than most, and
certainly more than you, an amateur by comparison. He makes no apology for his attacks on apologists for the powerful, he is merely better at it than they are. Not much
is worth doing more than helping lance the giants' scrota.
You could learn from his linguistic studies and his prowess
at detumescing opponents surely more than you can learn by attempting to ramrod him, for you are sure to do so at a
level much more superficial than his multi-level critiques
and in the process miss the bulk of his argumentative
substantiation -- as demonstrated by the biased, blind,
vacuousness posted by Dr. Hettinga.
Dr. Hettinga is having his fun posting a cornicopia of
light-weight straw-men disputation, aw shit call it what it is, lazy-minded inarticulate like that spewed all across Blueland
by preachers of blind faith in yelling the same old.
Chomsky is one smart SOB, his serious critics readily
agree he is surely the intelligent man in the USA, and they
learn from him far more than they learn from those who think as they do: beware the adoring choir's roundheels.

@_date: 2004-11-24 20:02:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Fallujah: Marine Eye-Witness Report 
Associated Press has pre-issued a Thanksgiving Day photo
of a former US soldier who lost a leg, participating in a photo
op at a military base. Secdef and CJCS issued pre-holiday
thanks yesterday to the families of the military dead and to
the wounded and maimed in hospitals and on photo op tours.
Today Secdef was on Laura Ingraham gushing (slobber not
blood) about the AmericaSupportsYou.mil website where red-blooded Americans can participate in thanksgiving the Iraq
bloodletting, praising the headless and limbless and scared shitless and McVeigh-mad-dogs yearning-to-frag-backhome-warfighters.
AP has nearly stopped showing valorous warriors in combat in Iraq, now its mostly photos of funerals and the dead in cheerful high school pictures and dress-uniformed headshots, oops, head shots are no, no's, except for the hardbitten would-be warriors here sitting fat and happy before the keyboard tapping for more killing, right James, civil war over there is hunky dory, but please not an RPG invading your computer bubble, an IED making your kids into rag dolls.
Overseas wars are delightful movie-land fun from over here,
Secdef croons -- gobble, gobble, Sergeant York called for the
Secdef's curious-head pop-up.
Seen the Norwegian site that calls for Bush's head shot?
Two URLs, the last vivid:

@_date: 2004-11-22 17:15:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Fallujah: Marine Eye-Witness Report 
The Selective Service website unctuously declares there is
no draft foreseen at the moment and lists defeat of recent congressional efforts to institute the draft. However, it
emphasizes that the agency is required by law to remain
at the ready to immediately institute a draft upon notice.
As part of this responsibility It polls educational instutitions every 18 months requesting updated information on draft-age youngsters who are receiving federal funding, the most
recent of these polls here:
A single harsh attack on US interests could precipitate a draft,
and override public opposition in a flash.
The military has nearly exhausted it National Guard and Reserve
options, and will not give up the long-standing strategic policy
of being able to fight two major wars at once. Thus most military
resources are tied up not in the Middle East but in pre-positioned
locations determined by the 2-wars policy.
Whether the US military should forego its 2-war policy and
use its forces in ways more appropriate to current threats
will be determined by those interest groups who benefit from
the horrifically expensive and magnificently wasteful 2-war Two generations of military personnel have been trained for
the 2-war threat, and almost none have faced actual combat.
This inexperience shows in unconventional warfare. again
and again. Big war planners throw big war resources are
small targets, take the applause for the phony war show,
as in Fallujah, and discount lives lost because the do not
show up on big war statistical-casualties diagrams.
Big wars expect big losses, far more than volunteers can
provide. Indeed, volunteer military personnel -- officers and
enlisted -- are careful to throw conscripts into the breech
as if they are expendable ammunition, the more thrown
the higher the credit obtained in charts of capacity, not
charts of smarts.
Recall Kennedy embraced the counter-insurgent tool with
support for Special Forces, but these forces remain a
marginal part of the military, not least because they do not
require much material and political resouces to do their
duty. Big defense, and never forget, big intelligence to
feed the need for big defense,  are far superior ar generating
contracts, jobs, careers and campaign contributions.
The US is totally addicted to profligate, wasteful ineffective
big war policy, primarily because there is little risk in
parading might, bragging about it, threatening with it, compared to using it. Every application of US military might since WW2 has failed.
STF up and pay your taxes, asshole, encourage your sons
and daughters to sacrifice for the nation -- well, not really
just tell the poor fuckers the military is a good safe job.
Don't get drafted, that's for losers.
Any road, killing the big war planners at home where they
feel safe, is sure to come for their mighty military does not
how to fight that war so busy is it parading forces against
imaginary wargame-type evil empires of the day.

@_date: 2004-11-22 01:49:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Fallujah: Marine Eye-Witness Report 
Jesus, Bob, this and the Schwartz hosannah for Free Fallujah are about as bad a puke as anything you've posted. These vomitoria are upchucked by the hundreds by professional writers usually under contract, or angling for one, or in the case of the eye-witness in the propaganda unit of the Corps. Go over to DoD's and the mil departments' and warmongering
foreign policy web sites and you'll see a lot of this juvenalia posted urging dads and sons to get hot about serving the nation. Formulaic dreck to generate fodder for the grinding machine.
DoD puts on these shows several times a week, and all
spokespersons speak the same lingo -- Stepford wiving.
On Friday DoD rolled out two vile initiatives claiming to
support the troops. Remember that when a military action
like Fallujah is completely unnecessary except to display
power by hamburgering youngsters and civilians, the glorious
war stories come fast and furious to counter the uptick
of funerals and VA hospital lifetime inductees.
BTW, Bob, what's your draft status? Ready to die or lose
your limbs for a mil spin doctors' salary boost?
The NY Times today describes a Marine sniper getting his
head exploded by an insurgent sniper, a day or so after the
Marine predicted it would happen, whistling dixie, narcotized
by the Green Cunt.

@_date: 2004-12-15 02:54:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Steve Thompson 
One of the earliest lessons learned on cypherpunks is to
post pseudonymously in several disguises, saving one
nym for really trustworthy comments. The credibility of
that No. 1 nym is slowly built by attacking it yourself and
either mounting impressive defenses, bribing others to
defend it, making a fool of yourself when you get your
nyms confused and use the wrong grammar and syntax
and forwardings and remailings and backtrackings and
oops sorry I sent that private mail to the list, and coca-cola noseblowing, and indignant unsubbing,
resubbing to send nastygrams to those who pilloried
and ridiculed you while you covertly lurked to see if
anybody gave a damn about your worthless existence
and superficial, apish ideas.
Getting soundly trashed is an honor among net trash
haulers, so pay your dues and shit on yourself from
multitudes of personas, it's what the founders did and
Nobody leaves cypherpunks, nobody gets in. You claim
an identity you a lying ignorant sumbitch addicted to
None of this applies to real people out there, lost in

@_date: 2004-12-01 16:43:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Anti-RFID outfit deflates Mexican VeriChip hype 
Lying about having an implant is kidnapping and mutilation
protection. Whether any justice official, with or without a
denied implant, will be believed by the slicers is no different
than the terrorism risk of anyone living within 100 miles of a
US defense base and/or industry, or Wall Street suckblood
HQ. No matter that the implantee likes to hide among the innocent, the families of the protective servicers are easy
ransom, easy lessons taught for no safe sanctuary.
Bring em on, oops, they are here already. Darn, it wasn't
the commies and nazis who were the threat, it was your
indolent life-style paid for by your swell-paid, smarter wife, up to women-empowered thieving the marketplace and making innumerable enemies for you to blame for your swelling brain fat-globules.
Pray the draft is women-empowered so there's no need
to shanghai the overaged, over-decrepit, over-funny-loving,
inbred-feeders, pray for the Condies and the Maggies to fight the gameboy-dreamy battles, really face-to-face,
not just stomp-hoof the youngsters into hell for a face-save
the empire.
And that's not all. James Donald, you're losing your vile
truth-twisting tongue, what with your conciliatory mein recently. Get your shaggy blue-balled mouth-organ off the commie-nazi symp gravy train.

@_date: 2004-12-06 18:14:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
Cryptome hosts a 2000 book excerpt on PROMIS as
allegedly used by Mossad, though not much about
the technical details of the program:
The file has links to other information on Riconosciuto
offered by Orlin Grabbe, a long-time supporter of
Back then we telephoned Hamilton about his DoJ travails
and he politely refused to discuss the topic.
A TEMPEST backdoor in PROMIS would be interesting
for what it would take configure code to emit identifiable
signals. Code emits signals, as does any transmission, but not easily identifiable or correlatable with the code, but perhaps it can be done. Capabilities and sensitivity of interception is a dark world, as was TEMPEST in its early years. Now what passes for knowledge about TEMPEST is hardly all there is to know. Indeed, some think that most of the information about the technolody now in the public domain is disinfo.
The TEMPEST material released under FOI to Cryptome some years ago should be seen as part of the camouflage
about what's now being done in EM interception,
analysis, tracking, and not least, smoke blowing.
PROMIS is sufficiently old, if not a hoary horse, that
it could be used now to honey-pot eager buyers to
induce trust where it's not to be found, following the lead of Bill Gates, if not floater Robert Maxwell. Intel has
come a long way since the lazy days of the Cold War
when agent double-crossing and the inside US/USSR
mil-joke-con of Mutually Assured Destruction was all to worry about.

@_date: 2004-12-19 18:21:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Coffee, Tea, or Should We Feel Your Pregnant Wife's 
Excellent rejoinder to Mr. Monahan. The same could be
said of the Internet, hell, make a leap, same applies to the government. Stop using the Net and digital security and privacy problems will vanish. Stop paying taxes and the gov will disappear. Nothing about 9/11 changed that.
Well, the Net got more invasive and the gov more
intrusive. Still, just give them both up, retreat to the
hilltop or Okefenokee or no census nabe, eat spiders and snakes and varmints or even better get eaten by them, your cold dead middle finger marking the scene of dawinism off the grid.
Meanwhile a small fat-bellied band in the heartland of
birght-lit luxury will crow at the rigged suicide of another useless eater, the group log on to Rummie's inbox to type, thanks old man, those invites to defiance work wonders to red dot the hot blood bitchers.
Burp, hiccup, lick lobe, suck snot, poot, pat glock, order
more fodder, clap for market uptick, bray for another
Walter Reed amputee refit Dell-modeled efficient.

@_date: 2005-01-17 23:01:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Homeland Security Operations Morning Briefs 
Homeland Security Operations Morning Briefs
For Official Use Only
Homeland Security Information Network
Request for Information (RFI)
1. (FOUO) VIRGINIA: Larceny From Police Officers Private Vehicle Results in Stolen Police Identification Card, Badge, Two Loaded Magazines, and Two Handguns. According to a RFI from the Danville Police Department (DPD), on 23 December, Larceny from a police officers personal vehicle resulted in the following stolen items:
 City of Danville Virginia police Identification card in the name of William Henry Chaney
 One Silver police badge issued by the city of Danville Police Department
 One Silver police badge issued by Pittsylvania County Sheriff's Office
 One Glock Model 22, 40 caliber handgun with a Lasermax laser sight mounted on the weapon (serial nr: 879US)
 Two loaded magazines
 One .38 Caliber Taurus brand handgun with a blue finish
 Miscellaneous keys and Panasonic recorder
This information was provided in conjunction with a Homeland Security request to Law Enforcement Agencies to provide information that may effect the 2005 Presidential Inauguration. The weapons have been entered into NCIC. This information has been broadcasted to the Eastern seaboard by the Danville Police Department. Immediately, contact the DPD at P.O. Box 3300, Danville, Virginia 24543 and/or at telephone number (434)799-6510 with any information. (Patriot Report: DPD, 24 December 04; HSOC 4897-04)
7. (FOUO) MARYLAND: Suspicious Individual with Various Weapons and a Photo of Air Force One. According to Montgomery County Police Department (MCPD) reporting, on 16 December, a U.S. named individual called the MCPD claiming a weapon had been stolen from his home by federal law enforcement agents conducting a covert operation in his home. A few moments later the individual called back to say he had found the weapon behind his couch. Officers continued to the home to ensure it had not been broken into. The individual allowed the officers into his residence. The officers observed numerous weaponry items throughout the home, to include various IEDs and other suspicious items, such as a Police SWAT Raid jacket, military uniforms, camouflage attire, and various wigs and numerous boxes of hair dye. Officers also recovered two bags that were converted in a way to conceal fire weapons: the first was a computer bag with a U.S. express mail company box inside and holes in front that allowed a gun muzzle to fit and a slit that allowed a hand to be inserted to fire the weapon; the second item was a tennis racket bag converted to hold an M-16 rifle. The individual also had a large amount of paraphernalia and information related to the assassination of JFK as well as photos of Air Force One. The individual claimed the photos of Air Force One were taken when the plane flew over his residence. The individual is in currently in custody and an investigation is on-going. (MCPD; HSOC 4808-04)

@_date: 2005-01-16 21:36:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: US slaps on the wardriver-busting paint 
The paint sounds like yet another sting operation to catch
the goofuses who think they can hide RF on the cheap.
The folks on the TSCM-L list think the paint is pure snake
oil, that the electrophysics of it are crap.
Still, phony Tempest protection is a pretty good business, no
doubt promoted by the spooks who get better results from
signals calling attention to themselves by way of half-assed
protection: -- here, look at me trying to shield my nonsense.
Several US companies have done quite well selling so-called
NSA-grade Tempest protection, even requiring an export license for the hoakum, in cahoots with the agency which welcomes
the pointers to users.
Joel McNamara's Tempest site has a several references to RF snake oil, some of which appears to be honeypot-grade.
Relatedlhy, we assume that the only reason NSA released to us a batch of Tempest docs was to promote the sale of weak
systems. Docs which describe the truly good protection have
never been released, presuming there is such high-quality of
RF security.
Tempest could be a diversion from more intricate and
interception. Over-confidence in a security system is a bellweather for successful attack.
Someday, now 5 years and counting, we hope to get NSA
FOI docs on the Brit's Non-Secret Encryption which allegedly
was invented before the PK if Diffie Hellman Merkle, and whether
any of that pre-PK information was leaked so that DHM could
access it, by guile or by accident, NSA by then having developed a crack, and set in motion the faith-based use of "unbreakable"
public crypto.

@_date: 2005-01-02 21:24:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SIGINT and COMSEC Discussion Group 
I have just launched a new discussion group related to hardware
discussion for signal analysis and communications security systems:

@_date: 2005-01-04 16:21:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: California Bans a Large-Caliber Gun, and the Battle Is On 
A timely report. A documentary is due out shortly which
includeds the likely assassination of officials with such army-of-one weapons.
Sniping is the chink in VIP protection armor. Why? Because ego-driven assholes lust to be seen, and best, photographed outside the armoring of vehicles, aircraft and structures. The very targeting head shot snipers are trained to patiently wait for are the ones photographers are paid to arrange just so,
Sergeant York turkey-calling, "over here sir."
Who was the freedom fighter who smilingly welcomed death
by public appearance. Archduke, Reagan, JFK, Masouf, or Abe All those pissed off, well-tested snipers from Operation Iraqi Freedom on all sides. The Secret Service claims you cannot
spot a serious assassin ahead of time, that braggarts and
threateners are not the real thing -- sorry 'bout that outing
More at US Secret Service National Threat Assessment Center:

@_date: 2005-01-08 19:15:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tasers for Cops Not You 
NY Times reports today that SEC is investigating Taser
for possible financial irregularity: as last day of business
for 2004 racked up a $700,000 sale to an AZ gun shop
which brags it sells to civilians, but only a few so far.
And that the AZ AG is informally looking at sale of the stun guns to civilians, with cops protesting civilian access to the neatest cop joy toy. However, Taser claims the civilian version is effective only to 15 feet while the LE version will explose a heart
at 20 feet. And, Taser says "accidental deaths caused by the shock would have happened to those sick persons Well, yes, homicidal cops say the perps were begging for it,
learning such talk from the president and up to the one who
has fun with joy toy tsunamis.
Exculpation, says the king, is divine, and my Taser shocks
shit further than yours.
Here are photos of the Taser in manufacture, sale, training,
promo, and accidental misfire:

@_date: 2005-01-09 22:06:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: "The Reader of Gentlemen's Mail", by David Kahn 
Kahn's is a quite interesting and entertaining book. Among other tales about Yardley and his admirable battles with the USG, Kahn tells how through hilarious Gonzales-grade legal shenanigans the only time a US law has been by enacted against revealing cryptological information, in 1933, to prevent Yardley from publishing a book, and the one-man-law it is still in effect.
Chapter 15 A Law Aimed at Yardley, pp. 158-72:
The law:
An Act For the Protection of Government records
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
whoever, by virtue of his employment by the United States, shall
obtain from another or shall have custody of or acess to, or shall
have had custody of or access to, any official diplomatic code or any
matter prepared in such code, or which purports to have been
prepared in any such code, and shall willfully, without authorization
or competent authority, publish or furnish to another any such
code or matter, or any matter which was obtained while in the
process of transmission between any foreign government and
its diplomatic mission in the United States, shall be fined not more
than $10,000 or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both.
Approved June 10, 1933 Franklin D. Roosevelt
See: USC Title 18 Section 952
Note the orignal $10,000 amount for the fine has been removed.

@_date: 2005-02-24 18:08:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Chatter Punks 
Maybe it's been mentioned here but the book, "Chatter: Dispatches
from the Secret World of Global Eavesdropping," by Patrick Radden
Keefe mentions cypherpunks and a slew of people who've been around
here, or discussed, cited, admired, attacked and hated here. Crypto is featured, along with the TLAs, the fools who run them, the lackies who suck their tits, the congress critters who give them a free pass no matter what fuck-ups damage the US and the unwary targets of spooks, 9/11 only one of many.
It's a "lively read," and a lot of its smooth-narrative content won't be new to avid readers of disputatious, thankfully ungrammatically cpunks, but it does get the slick word out to the public in an easy to swallow fashion. For us jacket addicts, there are favorable blurbs by David Kahn and Seymour Hersh.
Keefe calls John Gilmore, Duncan Campbell, and other uninstitutionalized
insurgents outcasts, but IEDs are where it's at, right? He also claims the NSA is a pitiful giant, protected against
change by ever increasing secrecy blessed by congress and
the administration, and that most of its new hires are security guards to protect against knowing what's inside, not the personnel truly needed.

@_date: 2005-02-03 01:22:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell WMD Threat 
The FBI continues to claim Jim Bell is a WMD threat
despite having no case against him except in the media,
but that conforms to current FBI/DHS policy of fictionalizing
homeland threats.
See page 16.
This document was initially prepared in June 2002, updated in June
2003.

@_date: 2005-02-22 18:34:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: SHA-1 results available 
Yiqun L Yin writes 21 February 2005 about when the full SHA-1 paper will appear:
  We have submitted the paper to a conference for peer review,   and we should receive a notification of the review results by early   May. We plan to publish the paper after incorporating the comments   from the review, and will let you know around that time.

@_date: 2007-11-17 12:31:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PKC Bug Attack by Adi Shamir 
Adi Shamir's bug attack on PKC featured in the NY Times today:
The NYT report:

@_date: 2007-12-21 10:26:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: another seeming attack on my server's DirPort 
Skepticism of the NSA-affiliation list is warranted. Just as much as
skepticism about that NSA and its global ilk have been tapping all international and domestic telecommunications. Nobody believed that was going on, and some ignorant fools still disbelieve, or worse, cannot bear to believe a technology so enjoyable could be so violative.
The telcos have been screwing their customers from day one, so
why would ISPs be any different? The Internet is a spying machine
just like the telecomms and postal services have always been, get used to it, or get over it, or get off it, or give up the addiction.
Lesson One for the conspiracy deniers: The only true conspiracy theorists are the spies, they could not exist unless they kept the
natsec threats and denials achurning.
No infosec system is as effective as promoting that it is safe
and secure. Blind faith in the reliability and trustworthiness of
widespread communication technology is damn comforting.
Preaching to the choir here, to be sure.

@_date: 2008-02-09 17:04:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: undersea cable cuts 
The Economist did little research, it seems, or it was fed disinfo, or
was induced to defuse speculation.
This list's archive, if no where else, would defuse most of the Economist's
defusing. That's not to say the cpunks archives exists in full, or not easily
For several years, if not from day one, transoceanic cables are pre-rigged
for tapping, aguably for repair and maintenance by firms like Global Marine, but easily siphoned for less benign purposes. Moreover it is flat wrong that
fiber optic cable is hard to tap. It takes sophisticated equipment but none
that is beyond the spies and telecomms regular capability. Disinfo abounds
about this as with most classified-at-birth communications technology.
The spies regularly spout that fiber has made eavesdropping more difficult,
along with encryption, the out of control Internet, the ease of transborder
evasion of laws governing global laws on privacy and national security.
Top US spy McConnell is on automatic about these fairy tales.
Lying about interception capability is as old as communications. The
Economist is full of shit and shallowness, the silly quotes from discussion
lists, with only a small chance that the story was not planted by officials. It sure reads like the usual DNI-MI-speak when an op is discovered or deliberately leaked to divert attention from more covert derringdo.
Say, why tap when worldwide ISPs are jumping through hoops to get natsec
snooping business.
I'd say global spies are desperate to keep surveillance budgets out of this world. Almost as desperate as news outlets whipsawing readers.
Nothing like that would ever happen here.

@_date: 2008-02-25 09:38:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: How long can you go with an expired key? 
Encrypted email continues to be often used around some places.
And encrypted files for transmittal is common, too. Sometimes for
online transmittal, other times for sending by offline means.
Probably what is happening is that those using encryption do not
advertise it as much as in earlier days, not least because of the
ease with which it calls attention to users for traffic analysis by those who are happy the fools don't know what they reveal.
And the more popluar encryption programs have no doubt been
compromised -- that is what "enterprise" means: to lure or
entrap crypto users into overly trusting supposedly secure
encryption for easy snooping on employees and citizens.
No serious info sec lover will use a single means for privacy.
And will always beware of absolutely trustworthy anything. That
is a mantra here.
Turncoats abound, cpunks no different than anyone in succumbing
to contracts, bribery, threats, compromise, jealousy, hatred,
bitterness, and the rest of excuses shits give themselves for
screwing those who counted on others being more stupid than
they are. Recall that only a small number of cpunks ever posted to the list, and that remains the case. And quite a few of those posted to stimulate confessions and revealing info sec disclosures.
Still not clear if public crypto was a masterful hoodwink, but likely
is, perfectly fitting the internet's astonishing success at inducing millions to blab and brag and believe a new era had arrived, privacy
protected by mathematics and open testing, not wanting to believe the mathematicians and testers got to make a living doing what
has to be done to keep the whining family happy, burp, ahem, ROTFL, etc.
Duplicity is inate, the boyos argue and have faith in, to justify
their rigging the info sec game.

@_date: 2008-04-24 15:10:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Releases 70 Declassified Comsec Docs 
70 articles from the NSA in-house Cryptologic Spectrum 1969-85:
Zipped file of the index and collection:
 (31MB)

@_date: 2008-04-17 14:29:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Codebreaker Makes $2.8B in a Year 
That was kiss blown to see if you read this list.
What's Tim May doing?
Have all the cryptographers been re-shackled by the authorities
they were destined to slavishly serve, dumped by the Cold
War die-out, rejuvenated by GWOT?
Your asskissing fan

@_date: 2008-04-17 03:00:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Codebreaker Makes $2.8B in a Year 
============================== START ==============================
For Hettinga's nose coke blowing about the virtues of coding:
New York Times reports today:
"James H. Simons, a mathematician and former Defense Department code breaker who uses complex computer models to trade, earned $2.8 billion. His flagship Medallion fund returned 73 percent."
What could NSA do in the market with its acres of computers
and thousands of cryptologists?
To be sure, Simons might just be stealing data in the NSA
way and covering it up with the tall tale.
Financial cryptography is not be trusted.

@_date: 2008-06-13 21:13:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Sizlak Curve 
A NSA FOIA processing file cites "The Sizlak Curve" as a source searched  by the Cryptography Office for documents related to
the British Non-Secret Encryption, precursor to publc key
Information on what "The Sizlak Curve" means is welcomed.
NSA says the term is unclassified.  It could be disinfo or a joke.
An image of the citation:
The processing file from which the image is taken:
 (142pp, 4MB)
Forwarding this inquiry to crypto lists and fora would be

@_date: 2008-07-23 16:08:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: E-gold Court Documents 
============================== START ==============================
USA v. E-gold court documents:
Describes e-gold's holdings stashed around the world, what was
seized by the USG (everything), the unceasing bludgeoning of the defendants by freezing their finances, refusing their attempts to cooperate, double-crossing, sweet-talking, lying and ratcheting up accusations, and inducing lawyers to abandon their bankrupted
clients. Dr. Jackson has to evict his parents to sell a house for
legal fees. Him and his parents now destitute. Feds didn't give
a shit, wanting to set an example for those who think the Internet
finance is borderless.
What the plea agreement says beyond the Fed's press release could
tell more about e-gold serving as a hostage and informant, well, except for the secret parts concerning the running of honeypots
and placing rats inside the schemers offshore lairs.

@_date: 2008-10-05 20:38:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: 'Unbreakable' quantum cryptography hacked without 
Can Eve control PerkinElmer actively-quenched single-photon detector?
Authors: Vadim Makarov, Andrey Anisimov, Sebastien Sauge
(Submitted on 19 Sep 2008)
Abstract: We show how PerkinElmer SPCM-AQR detector module can be controlled by an eavesdropper using bright optical pulses, by exploiting an obscure flaw in the detector electrical circuit. First experimental results are reported. This loophole may make possible an attack against quantum cryptosystems that use these detectors. Comments: 2 pages, 3 figures. Accepted for poster presentation at the SECOQC international conference in Vienna, October 8-10, 2008
Quantum Hacking

@_date: 2008-10-21 21:31:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Emanation Shielding with Music 
Thanks for the comments here. Two responses received from No. 1
Comments concerning TEMPEST and Laser Mic probes of windows and fenestration.
1. A high security internal and external window install would typically consist of two layers of 0.75 inch glass with a high lead contact. Exterior facing walls may have ballistic glass of varying thickness, again with a high lead layer.
2. Music IS NOT introduced between layers in a high security application. However, WHITE NOISE is introduced; sourced from a very secure high entropy white noise generator whose output is constantly monitored and mathmatically analysed in order to detect any unacceptable departure from the expected levels of entropy.
No. 2
US patent 6,285,773 discloses a speaker designed specifically for use in double glazing.
Also interesting, five US patents assigned to CPFilms Inc. (7,405,872, 7,295,368, 7,177,075, 6,891,667, and 6,859,310) contain this golden nugget:
"A flexible transparent sheet made in accordance with this invention may also be used to minimize acoustic transmissions from a building by carefully applying the film to the window with an adhesive while making certain that no visible air bubbles are formed between the flexible sheet and the glazing of the window. The term "visible air bubbles" used herein means air bubbles which are visible without any magnification (i.e., visible to the naked eye). It has been discovered that when the transparent flexible sheet lies over an air bubble, the flexible sheet behaves like the diaphragm of a loudspeaker. This causes unwanted transmission of sound waves. Avoiding these bubbles minimizes the transmission of the sound waves through the window." We add that the glazing must be acoutically isolated from its
frame. Metal frames of windows and doors are very effective transmitters of signal (as well as temperature), either those received from the glass in windows or from spaces directly.
Frames need to be acoustically isolated and thermally
broken. Wood frames are much better for this purpose.
One of the shortcomings of relatively new use of cold-formed
metal studs for exterior walls is that they transmit sound
and temperature far more than masonry, so much so that
green designers recommend that they not be used despite
seeming cost savings.
Metal studs in gypsum board walls are wonderful transmitters,
indeed, the studs and gyp board may act as amplifiers, no
matter the STC rating derived from other characteristics.
Again, wood studs are preferrable, or the metal studs must
be isolated by double layering and gasketing.
Wet wood is a transmitter of signal and temperature, dry wood less so.
There are synthetics and/or composities which can take the place of wood and metal studs. Not yet cheap enough to be
used widely.
Now, metal nails, screws, brackets, masonry reinforcement,
ties, support angles and whatnot still remain a source of signal. High-strength adhesives and isolation devices
improve the resistance to transmittal.
The wondrous materials of the stealth machines may come
into architecture some day, but not soon. Well, maybe the
TLAs are using them in SCIFs, the super-versions.
Bamford's latest book is chock full of nightmare technology
and programs for invasive methods well beyond most of
healthy paranoia about incomsec.

@_date: 2008-10-18 11:54:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Emanation Shielding with Music 
James Bamford in his new book on the NSA, mentions
the glazing system on an HQ building which is composed
of two layers of glass with wire mesh for TEMPEST
shielding but also that music is played within the glass
layers to garble vibration emanations.
Anyone know of this music system or where more information
could be obtained?
On related topic, "buckypaper" is claimed to provide up to 10 times more radiation protection than current Air Force requirements:
Further out, on the varieties of electronic harrassment and

@_date: 2008-12-28 20:27:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Matt Blaze blog entry about NSA warrantless wiretapping 
Matt's concluding concern that Southwestern Bell's AT&T might have violated the basic privacy promise of the original AT&T by
dancing to NSA's tune, is indeed to be lamented. SW Bell has been cooperating with the Feds from its earliest days, thanks to the vast military array and contracts in its service area.
One might suspect that SW Bell's buyout of AT&T was assisted by
the spies for their own purposes to gain ready access to the
infrastructure through tried and trusted friendlies. NTT's
arrangement for the FBI to grab all its traffic at the Dallas
switch a part of the pattern. And Verizon marches in step,
it too having a central intercept office in the Dallas area,
and half-dozen more in NYC for the perdurable Euro suction.
This is not to say that all defense-fed corporations have not
been equally cooperative whether by economic inducement or
by regulatory coercion. Oh, and patriotism, kachink.
Will any of this change under Obama? Would he dare prosecute
the spies and the lawyers who waved them on? Nobody has
ever done that.
I'd count on the technicians running the systems to correct
the abuse not the legal-politicos who think the invasiveness is

@_date: 2008-12-01 17:53:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell Looking for a Job Out of Jail in 2009 
Jim won't get out until September 2009 unless Jeff Gordon
admits his error and persuades the hanging prosecutor and judge to let him take Jim's place.
Meanwhile CJ is making filthy music:

@_date: 2009-01-26 15:30:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [gsc] US too delusional to fix 
Dystopia is more fashionable, and profitable, than doing
what the naysayers say can't be done, used to done, could
be done if not for the blanks keeping it from happening.
The New Yorker touted the doomsayers last week, their
popular appeal, raking in the chink, amazed that the
yokels slurp their bile.
Pointing out what doesn't work any more when it used to,
indicates sclerotic minds declining to rockhardedness,
oh, if only things were like they used to be before brain
synapses converted from creativity to certainty about
the ways things have gone to hell.
Young brains thankfully are not imprisoned by experience,
by hard knocks, by failures, by loss of anyone giving a fuck
what you want to do that nobody else has ever done. Oh,
the futility of living too long, long enough to glimpse that
the world doesn't want your stale offerings anymore.
Get thee to the graveyard, old fuckers (like me), fertilize the soil, feed the worms, be useful again, one last time, your dark future shit doesn't even stink.
My prostate is choking gland.

@_date: 2009-01-09 17:42:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The Straight Dope: How would I go about laundering money? 
Sounds like Cecil has a honey-pot contract with the USG,
with USB paying his fee via E-Gold.
Could you write a bit, or forward from other smart-asses,
about how not entrap or not be trapped by the motherfuckers
around the planet whose nuts are being squeezed by Sam,
Sam's yellow-bellied bankers and the Russian wives whoring
for FATF.
Thanks kindly.
Mr. Clean, scared shitless, deeply in debt to the global revenuers coming up the booby-trapped trail as we jaw.
My commie bitch squealed, he/she hissed, capitalists are so naive, Madoff's an amateur compared to the

@_date: 2009-01-19 19:09:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The New Paranoia: Hedge-Funders Are Bullish on Gold, Guns, 
Develop an ability to eat and digest garbage, road kill, wild vegetation, insects, vermin, and in a pinch dead humans,
even those once your beloved, after learning how to extract moisture from plants, minerals and your own piss, if not
the blood of your darling kiddies.
Some survival courses teach that along with the military's
SERE program. Peruse the Boy Scout manual but don't
succumb to its noble interpretation, read the nasty stuff
below the helping innocents crapola.
Don't bother with jewelry and other simulacra of money,
those are as phony as a 3-dollar bill. As with altruism.
Burp your competitor's carcass.
Imagine living in a non-money world, which is what most
humans knew and now know, and the body and brain still have those capabilities, in fact, most hso-called civilized human capabilities are based on those residual instinctual skills of survival, al-be-them fancied up as smart-ass super-
bestial intelligence and superficial religious-legal-financial-
political prevarication.
Yeah, yeah, the lazy will forever try to seduce you into
supporting their value system which just happens to
place them at the apex, boss of all they surveil. Eat them not their shit. Don't forget to stomp their stomachs before
roasting to blow out their shit for dessert pudding
Yummy and nourishing, that second harvest.

@_date: 2009-01-18 15:56:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The New Paranoia: Hedge-Funders Are Bullish on Gold, Guns, 
Har. This is another effort to boost buying and hoarding of gold
as if it will be worth more than evanescent financial data.
Gold won't be worth shit in a collapse. Those with guns won't
know how to defend their families when being hunted as food
by large gangs long-accustomed to getting by without financial
security fantasies.
Those in bunkers will be smelled at the vent outlets and dug out
like tasty bunnies shaking in a burrow. Offering the grubbers a
gold bar to go away, pretty please, will buy a prime spot on the
roasting spit.
Shooting a digger, or a dozen or two, will bring hundreds more
to the feast. Best bludgeon your loved ones to death with the
worthless gold.
Why idiot money-grubbers think precious metal protection is a safe harbor to be defended with popguns in the outback reminds
of what Libertarianism will be reduced to when the cops join
the brutes take all of it back where it belongs.
Any case, these fictional scare stories only appeal to those
who never learned physical labor, believed mind work was the
same, don't pity their willful ignorance. Call them bosses, or worse, investors, even worse, seers of what's needed for
Now let me show you a surefire way to eternal life, and don't
insult my fancy headdress.

@_date: 2009-03-24 21:50:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: FBI posts fake hyperlinks to snare child porn suspects 
Wonder how many of the Danish 3863 censored URLs posted by Wikileaks are FBI stings:
And how many of those not originated by the Feds have been expropriated for entrapment. Know of anybody who clicked the URLs and got a visit? Or due for a raid as the IP harvest is processed.

@_date: 2009-05-29 20:03:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Carl Johnson Targeted in AUSA Murder Case 
CJ's attorney has advised not to agree to the proffer.

@_date: 2009-05-15 20:07:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Countering Drones 
The principal cause of Israeli aircraft crashes are bird strikes which cause way more losses than enemy fire. Israel is located on the main north
south route for birds going and coming between Africa and Europe. Similar
bird routes are around the globe and pose similar hazards, not least from
a crafty attacked who would use them to hide conventional anti-air
swarms of mini-craft.
It has been suggested that a pretty good anti-air campaign against Israel would be swarms of birds blending in and supplementing natural ebbs and flows.
Swarms of mini-drones, the little ones which are unarmed, not much
bigger than a model plane, could be effective against UAVs as well
as full-sized aircraft. These cost a few hundred dollars, and are hard
for radar to distinguish from birds.
There is concern that such mechanical swarms might be used against commercial airliners, with or without camouflaging bird flocks. Some
are very quiet, running on batteries not the customary noisemakers.
Can a disposal drone home in on a soldier's radio signal? Sure, using
the same signal technology as model planes. Call them snipers for
assassination politics.
It is reported that the US military is working on similar systems. Some
are water-borne to go after surface ships with a radar profile no different
than a wave or a leaping fish. No doubt a submarine version is in the works or already exists. Put the armed dolphins out of work.
The point is well-made that these cheap attackers pose a threat to nations highly armed with heavy weaponry aimed at its own kind.

@_date: 2009-05-07 20:11:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell Demands Right to File Patents 
Jim has about two years to go, with whatever time off his
exemplary behavior warrants.
The good news is that he has had bountiful time to develop
an invention which he claims will make billions of dollars,
transform science as much as the discovery of the atom,
and, most happily, render governments into gibbering
gangs of synchophants rabid to serve him myrrh.
If the vermin don't steal his intellectual property, which he avers is near certain. Could be Jim is gestating a chem-bio virus for the
varmints to gobble.

@_date: 2009-05-26 13:46:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Camera grid to log number plates 
Moonshiners, wetback smugglers, narco drivers, bank robbers,
adulterers, teen copulators and others not needing fingering
have long used nature's bounty to obscure plates, or simply
loosened screws. Ancient practices in the old cultures since
cuneiform branding was invented.
Pity the YouPorn of yo sweet momma's curlicue ass-tatoo "juicy.".

@_date: 2009-06-17 18:14:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The begining of a new surveillance society in India 
Well said.
Serving in the military, paying taxes, honoring agreements,
obeying authority, believing in a diety, turning the other cheek,
helping the unfortunate, kissing up and kicking down, these
will get you where you want to go and patted on the back for
excellent behavior.
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type image/jpeg which had a name of 17ec13a.jpg"; x-mac-type="4A504547"; x-mac-creator="4A565752]

@_date: 2009-06-11 18:03:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Bullion and Bandits: The Improbable Rise and Fall of 
Jackson has wonderfully demonstrated how to be a rat, first
covertly, then openly, in order to make money, then save his
skin, even going so far as to act as though he's being punished.
Pity those he screwed, family, friends, associates, customers.
Smells like a banker, a lying sack of shit. So he'll likely recover
and prosper.
There are no trustworthy financial systems, as Bob would
yell to the kiddies except his, as he sucks coins out of their
piggy banks, skipping pedo-abuse taxes on his illegal gains.

@_date: 2009-07-26 22:27:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Microwave weapon will rain pain from the sky 
"In a recent cost-benefit analysis, the US Government Accountability
Office rated the ADS worst out of eight non-lethal weapons currently
in development."
This assures maximum tax-rathole on the principle that no combo
has ever wasted more money than ineffectual military dorks and
armaments that are not designed to live up to their promise and
stay within first budgets, you death on industrial scale, why then
place no limits on cost. Hark, WMDs have brokeback the US and
USSR, and about to do the same to the little copyists.
Wait, that assertion excludes religion, education, capitalism
and our beloved hot-shit internet which is absolutely certain,
so it is said often in this esteemed forum, to free the oppressed
from the four thousand horseturds of .mil, .god, .edu. .com.
How many times, oh lord, must it be said, there is no security,
not a jottle. You got tranquillity and money, they will be taken
from you by force. That is a fairy tale, honey, to keep you scared
enough to buy protection from friendlies: dot-MGEC.

@_date: 2009-07-11 21:41:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Liechtenstein Agrees to End Bank Secrecy on Tax Data 
With Swiss/UBS nearly ready to capitulate in the Florida suit by
the IRS of the USA, what are the current choices for hiding money
from the tax authorities? Are any of the digital parks still operating
outside of government stings? And how can one be sure now that
so many well-rewarded coders are in cahoots with the money-tracing
Now any fool knows that governments work their perfidies as much
by bluffs as by PR shock and awe, by hanging a few malefactors
in public for effect, by shoveling money to those who fuck their
customers, by swearing there are seamless agreements among
thieving authorities to aid each other harvest each other's low-hanging
fruits, by staying far away from those who pay top price for arranging
cooperative regulations and biased regulators, by lying about how
effective tax evading dragnets work, by firing up a war or two to
entertain taxpayers with stories of threatened national security
even as pigs root the public tills, and by what else, creating large
escape holes in tax laws and international agreements for driving
huge trainloads of booty into bunkers supposedly constructed for
continuity of government.
What other purpose do avenging revenuers have except to
invite first use of economic WMDs?
Answers are needed, by most secret communication if you please.

@_date: 2009-07-16 15:45:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Protection against TEMPEST? 
Looks as though it might protect against the font leakage
examined by Xcpyte Cvbnsw and the other distinguished
researcher at Tnuqwbb University, you know them well,
darn I can't get this ? monitor to show true names.
There may be an audial version to foghorn expletives
terrifically generated by comsec-insane sobs. This toot
is not directed at BT's Cryptogram, oops, XY VVxccttyy.

@_date: 2009-08-29 11:26:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [Macgpg-users] GPGMail & Snow Leopard 
Does raise a question about Apple's intent to develop
its own crypto as with everything else consumers have
come to expect inside a pretty package of magic. Which
PGP may be well aware of, with as ever, an assist from
Microsoft's inside spies at Apple. Clunkers ban together.
To be sure, Apple's spies inside Mircosoft and PGP are
not idly spreading rumors of Linux ever-more tentacular
Doubly sure, the spies and liars may be the same in all
instances, doing the CEOs' dirty to slip into IBM's inner
pants to see what's highly erectile functioning.
Learning from NSA who learned from the British who
tortured the Muslims who bung-holed the Greeks
who cheated the Sumerians who grabbed from the
Egyptians who, let it be said, Gaddafi shouts, we all
out-gunned the paranoid sub-saharans by poisoning their
wells, and little noticed in this circle jerk fingerpointing
is the quiet claim by the central africans about the
lasting effectiveness of viral ebola and ball-shriveling
Anybody who thinks viral bots are a western invention
is historically, vaingloriously blind to conceal claims of
originiality to hide buglary and theft-- which is a prime
definition of western civ.
Its not the strong math and weak implementation that
assures success in crypto business and WMDs, its the
knife in the back, i.e., the financiers behind the arms.
Akbar, akbar.

@_date: 2009-08-18 21:25:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: RFID: Important Information about IETF 76 Meeting 
What a fuck-up.
Alexa, for Managed by Association Management Solutions,
is eager to slip this pernicious "management" spy tool into
the event under guise of making things easier for participants.
What RFID does is spy on participants, a sneaky practice promoted
by the RFID industry working through senior executives who love
to monitor underlings.
Surely the IETF membership is not clueless about the well-founded
villainy of RFID. Has there been negative feedback to Alexa's
management subterfuge?
Begin forwarded message:
Registration for IETF 76 will open in the next several days and we
want to alert you to some exciting changes coming your way.
1) New Meeting Registration System
We have moved to a new meeting registration system. The first time you
use the new system (called ARO) you will need to create an account.
Your account will be password protected and only you will have access
to it. Your contact information will be saved, making registration in
the future much simpler, and you will be able to update your contact
data, registration information, etc at any time.
2) RFID Tagging Experiment at IETF 76
The hosts for IETF 76 are organizing a RFID tag experiment for the
meeting. The tag will be affixed to the underside of your meeting
badge, as a sticker, and will contain only your full name and any
listed affiliation. The experiment will allow us to explore the
possibility of electronic blue sheets (though we are still using paper
blue sheets as the official blue sheets of record). We also hope that
the RFID tag will improve the experience for remote participants,
since speakers will be identified through the RFID tags.
While you will be given the option to "opt out" of this experiment
when you register for the meeting, we sincerely hope you will
3)  One-day Guest Pass Experiment
For IETF 76 we are also offering a one-day guest pass for $200. If you
only plan to attend one day of meetings, you now have the option to
select which day (Mon, Tues, Weds, Thurs or Fri) when you register.
After the meeting, we will solicit your feedback on the one-day pass
option and evaluate to see if it makes sense to offer at future
Please contact me if you have any comments or questions. And I look
forward to seeing you at IETF 76 in Japan!
Alexa Morris / Executive Director / IETF
48377 Fremont Blvd., Suite 117, Fremont, CA  94538
Phone: +1.510.492.4089 / Fax: +1.510.492.4001
Email: amorris
Managed by Association Management Solutions (AMS)
Forum Management, Meeting and Event Planning
 IETF-Announce mailing list

@_date: 2009-08-20 19:49:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: US Indicts Shamwich Swiss Banker and Lawyer 
Apparently not in custody, the docket shows no record of arrest.
The indictment amplifies the means and methods employed,
names two clients as co-consiprators and gives the initials of
two others as unindicted. Amounts of money involved are pocket
change to the biggies here.
Reminds that Jim Bell writes that his invention will likely be
worth trillions and will change science, national security and
maybe metaphysics.
My entire fortune safely stashed under Turks and Caicos is bet
on Jim.

@_date: 2009-08-20 18:02:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Indicts Shamwich Swiss Banker and Lawyer 
Swiss Banking Executive and Swiss Lawyer Charged with
Conspiring to Defraud the United States
Defendants Aided Wealthy Americans Conceal Assets in
Secret Swiss Bank Accounts
WASHINGTON - Hansruedi Schumacher and Matthias Rickenbach,
both of Switzerland, were indicted today for conspiring to defraud
the United States, the Justice Department and Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) announced. According to the indictment, Schumacher
worked as an executive manager at Neue Zuercher Bank (NZB), a
Swiss private bank located in Zurich, Switzerland. Rickenbach
worked as a Swiss attorney who provided legal advice and services
to U.S. clients. Both are alleged to have aided wealthy Americans
conceal assets and income in Switzerland from United States
According to the indictment, Schumacher and Rickenbach helped
wealthy American clients conceal their assets by establishing
sham and nominee offshore entities to hide their U.S. clients'
assets and income while allowing these clients to still control
the assets and make investment decisions.
The indictment further alleges that Schumacher and Rickenbach
regularly traveled to the United States to conduct banking and
investment activities with their U.S. clients and that when they
traveled they concealed their business activities in the United
States by falsely representing to American authorities that they
were traveling to the U.S. for personal reasons. While in the
United States, the defendants would sometimes bring cash
for their clients.
According to court documents, Schumacher and Rickenbach
aided their wealthy American clients repatriate money back
to the United States using several deceptive means. Schumacher
and Rickenbach helped their clients obtain offshore credit cards
and created sham loan documents. Additionally, Schumacher
and Rickenbach falsified bank documents to generate the
appearance that assets of their U.S. clients belonged to Swiss
citizens, and they falsified documents to disguise their United
States clients' repatriation of offshore funds as inheritances
from foreign citizens.
According to court documents, Schumacher and Rickenbach
discouraged their U.S. clients from voluntarily coming into
compliance in the United States. Instead, the defendants
encouraged their clients to transfer their assets from UBS,
a large Swiss bank, to NZB, a smaller bank in Switzerland.
The defendants told their clients that their assets and
identification would be safer at NZB because they had no
presence in the United States and was therefore less likely
to be pressured by the American authorities to disclose the
identities of their United States clients.

@_date: 2009-09-20 17:58:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: attack of the drones 
We would appreciate information the sites the Air Force is
using for remote controls of the drones in AFPAK.
As noted earlier, there are reports that CIA built
"quonset huts" at its HQ in Langley to remotely
control its killers. These huts, actually quick-built
rectangular structures, can be seen on Bing.com
adjacent to the vaulted dining rooms.
Drone pilots -- AF, Customs, CIA, whoever -- are
trained at Cheech Air Force Base, NV, a small base
north of Beale AFB, but it has not been reported that
long-range remote control is being done from Cheech,
by the AF or anyone else. But could be.
We understood the AF was contolling closer to the
For long-range, we saw AF photos today of:
"The U.S. Navy's first operational Global Hawk flying
from Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Md., to an airbase
in Southwest Asia."
Locations of remote control were not described.

@_date: 2009-09-16 18:44:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: AWOL Reaper 
Any word on whether the drone was Air Force or CIA controlled?
Reports are that the Air Force provides local controllers while the
CIA controls from CIA headquarters. And that the Air Force launches
its own and may assist the CIA contractors which launch its killing
Yes, when a Customs and Border Patrol UAV gets out of control
will the US or Mexican air forces take it down? Or will a private
contractor send up one of its fighters?
Why is there no way of killing an out of control machine, or is that
possible but limited by lack of knowledge about where the debris
will fall?
There was report that the UAVs travel in pairs to watch one another
and presumbably kill the rogue, if it can be identified from the
A smart spy will surely see the out of control rogue as useful as
a rogue spy  or ex-spy contractor to do the dirtiest of deeds, apologia
ready to release.
Would Israel "lose control" of a rogue drone which just happened
to be crashed into the Iranian centrifuge bunker.
How safe are autopilots of commercial airlines and private
aircraft. Any chance of a depressed, bankrupt CEO plowing into
the Treasury Building? Or a CIA birther loosening a rogue
on the White House?
My scooter is acting uppity lately.

@_date: 2009-09-08 21:00:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US, Monaco Sign Tax Agreement 
September 8, 2009
United States, Monaco Sign Tax Information Exchange Agreement
WASHINGTON  The U.S. Department of the Treasury today announced
that the United States and Monaco have signed an agreement to allow for
the exchange of information on tax matters between the two countries.
The agreement was signed by Deputy Secretary Neal Wolin and Minister
Franck Biancheri in Washington.
"This Administration is wholeheartedly committed to combating offshore
tax evasion," said Deputy Secretary Wolin.  "We are working with countries
like Monaco to ensure that the IRS has access to the information that it
needs to enforce U.S. tax law.  Today's agreement serves as an example
for other financial centers around the world and reflects our continued
efforts to end the use of offshore accounts as a tool for tax evasion."
The Tax Information Exchange Agreement (TIEA) with Monaco will
provide the United States with access to information it needs to enforce
U.S. tax laws, including information related to bank accounts in Monaco.
The TIEA will permit the United States to seek information from Monaco,
beginning in 2010, on all types of taxes in both civil and criminal matters
regarding 2009 and later tax years.  As is customary with such agreements,
only specific tax authorities will be allowed to
receive and send information.
Information exchanged pursuant to the TIEA may be used only for tax
purposes, and the tax authorities must safeguard the confidentiality of
information exchanged pursuant to the TIEA.
In recent months, the Administration has demonstrated its commitment
to closing the tax gap.  At the G-20 Leaders' Summit in London, the U.S.
strongly supported efforts to ensure that all countries adhere to
international standards for exchange of tax information.  In the FY
2010 Budget, the Administration delivered a detailed reform agenda
to reduce the amount of taxes lost through unintended loopholes and
the illegal use of hidden accounts by well-off individuals.  The Treasury
Department has concluded Gibraltar's first-ever tax information
exchange agreement and has also concluded an agreement with
  Luxembourg to provide for greater exchange of tax information. In
June, the Treasury Department announced an agreement with
Switzerland to amend the U.S.-Switzerland income tax treaty to
provide for increased tax information exchange.
The agreement:

@_date: 2009-10-29 17:49:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: attack of the drones 
Eugen is right, the drones are targeted by coodinates
not by sight. Sight (or video) is used to spot the target,
then the target's coordinates are input to the data
collection, then the operator extracts the coordinates
to aim the missile, then the missile takes over.
The drone may have moved several miles away by then
but the missile will hammer to the coordinates. Time delay
makes no difference.
Sometimes the target;s coordinates are triangulated by
one or more drones, and maybe confirmation by a satellite,
to refine the coordinates for a smaller hit circle. But that is
done only if the target is stationary, one on the move may
be targeted very quickly, and tracked visually to confirm
the hit, to cheers in the USA.
These visual assassinations are what gives hard-ons at
CIA HQ (and wherever else they are piped to), sometimes
shown during lunch at the director's private dining room,
7th floor corner suite -- the kitchen's ventilation ducts and
burn-bag chimney adjacent make a nice target for payback.
Imagine the surprise if a counter or rogue drone did at Langley
what they do in AFPAK to people watching TV over dinner.
There do not appear to be anti-missile batteries at Langley
like those in DC and MD to protect POTUS aircraft. Could
be they are obscured in the public sat photos.
More likely security by obscurity is trumped by vanity that
nobody could do what the US does, well, excepting 9/11.

@_date: 2009-10-05 21:06:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Time of Reckoning for Offshore Tax Cheats 
Seattle Area UBS Client Pleads Guilty to Filing a False Tax Return
Retired Sales Manager for Boeing
WASHINGTON  Roberto Cittadini of Bellevue, Wash., pleaded
guilty today to filing a false tax return, the Justice Department and
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced. Cittadini appeared today
before Magistrate Judge Mary Alice Theiler in Seattle and accepted
responsibility for concealing nearly $2 million in Swiss bank
accounts. According to court documents and statements made
in court, Cittadini, a retired sales manager for Boeing, failed to
report income from bank accounts under his control at UBS AG
in Switzerland on his individual income tax returns from 2001
through 2003. Additionally, Cittadini failed to file a Report of
Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (F-BAR) for each of these
"Todays guilty plea in Washington state follows guilty pleas in New
Jersey, California and Florida," said John A DiCicco, Acting Assistant
Attorney General of the Justice Departments Tax Division. "Individuals
all over the country who are hiding income and assets in offshore
accounts would be well-advised to promptly come in and come clean
before the government learns about their accounts through other
"This is a time of reckoning for those who thought they had found a
safe haven for cheating," said United States Attorney Jenny A. Durkan.
"People who avoid paying their fair share hurt all of us who follow the
law and conscientiously pay our taxes."

@_date: 2009-10-04 12:01:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: key escrow: no news is bad news ? 
It may be that the methods Eugene cites are diversions
to discourage looking too close at what is hidden in encryption
Public key escrow probably morphed into the usual secret
government arrangements with comsec suppliers.
Nothing encourages greater use of crypto than to believe
it is secure, says those who laugh at how easy it is to foster
faith in prayerful mathematics and cold dead hands.
Meanwhile the secret keepers remain at maximum paranoia
and make sure their bosses are too, to keep the endless
bounty of research and counterintelligence funds coming.
The hoohah the last few days about DoD ramping up even
more its aggression against "cyber-security" attacks indicates
that the spies cannot ever be too suspicious that somebody
is out hoodwinking their hoodwink. Best to spy at home
especially where the "best" inventors and implementors are
dreaming of a lottery win.
Enlisting crypto programmers and suppliers in the booty-fest
is as simple as offering irresistable contracts, lipsticked with
patriotism and rouged with being among the "smartest people
in the world," not overlook lifetime economic security --
just as outlined in contract soliticitations and recruiting ads
for NSA and CIA. The spies' retirement fund is as sweet as

@_date: 2009-10-31 12:33:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Grand Jury Subpoena 
The subpoena could be related to this matter:
For those not familiar with the murder of US Attorney
Thomas Wales in October 2001, there's a long account in
The New Yorker, August 2007:
FBI standing offer of $1million reward for nabbing the killer:
Greg Broiles offers an informative archive of the trial and
conviction of CJ:
This is not to suggest that CJ had anything to do with the
Wales shooting. However, there may be a connection
to this forum's yelling about government officials "needing
killing." More documentation on this in Greg's CJ archive.
In contrast to this grim shit, read the uplifting spin of
Cypherpunks on Wikipedia:

@_date: 2009-10-30 23:26:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Grand Jury Subpoena 
Not directed at me, sent by somebody for publication.

@_date: 2009-10-30 22:05:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Grand Jury Subpoena 
============================== START ==============================
Name and documents subpoenaed redacted by the

@_date: 2009-11-10 16:55:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Archives Abuilding 
Just like that, GH provided cypherpunks archives from
Sept 1992 to the end of 1998. Appear to be from Venona.
These are packaged by year, the messages chronological,
in txt-format. Raw messages, no index by date, subject
or author.
 (790KB)
 (7.4MB)
 (11.8MB)
 (10MB)
 (21.6MB)
 (20.7MB)
 (10.9MB)
 (83MB)
Some are large files, up to 60MB unzipped (1996).
A cypherpunks who from October 1996 (a peak year):
Archives of 1999-present most welcome.

@_date: 2009-11-10 13:10:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: UK surveillance plan to go ahead 
Is this a stalking horse for a US initiative? Will the EU accept it?

@_date: 2009-11-10 13:06:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: managing and protecting nyms... 
We have pieces of the CP archives, but little before 1994.
The pre-1994 wad used to be available online. TCM used it to
write the bible. So it is in somebody's heap of disks which must
never be discarded.
We'll archive-offer the total collection if it can be assembled,
despite the few insurgents gone legit hoping their errors will
vanish forever.
The collection should be in a stable public institution to counter
the secret holdings.
1990s cpunk-who's shows hundreds of pseudonyms. Who who.

@_date: 2009-11-08 23:41:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: managing and protecting nyms... 
<Thanks, John, for a trip inside the mind of a maniac.
Secure crypto believers get riled by unlocking their protective
No question these issues have been examined here and
elsewhere in the past and present, but nothing better than
to see updates which don't get dismissed because "this
has all been covered before, so shut the fuck up."

@_date: 2009-11-08 17:31:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: managing and protecting nyms... 
Peer review is necessary to assure blunders are not overlooked.
However, there has been no demonstration that peer review is all
that is needed for the superior protection. This is not an argument
for obscurity, only a caution that peer review is not necessary
sufficient. Peers miss stuff too, as amply demonstrated by holes
and bad implementation later discovered.
Betting you life on peer review, or open disclosure is probably
not very smart. Instead, expect some shrewd peer(s) to see
something that will serve a private purpose by keeping quiet.
Competiton, betrayal, disinfo, venality, play a role as well
as search for truth through open discourse.
Comsec is a swamp, quicksand, punji trap, and comsec
experts are never trustworthy about each other or about
The open source methodology, call it snakeoil, works well
for the inexpert to gain a limited education, but behind that stage
the usual shit goes on.
Keeping quiet about crypto cracks, holes, trojans, backdoors,
is extremely rewarding. Concealing deep faults with shallow
ones is SOP.
Note that wide crypto use has become a stimulus to intercept,
store forever (NSA policy), crack when possible and to continue
trying to crack indefinitely (NSA policy), with successful deep
cracks seldom revealed. "NSA policy" is that of deeply embedded
contractors and researchers as well.
Publicly-availalbe encryption and other currently usable comsec
protection are satisfactory for ordinary communications but not
for more than that if you are up to extraordinary renditions, say,
making a bundle peddling natsec-grade counter-threat
assurances. Yep, natsec-grade is what the telecoms and like
critical infrastructure dealers claim they are providing. Nothing
pays better.

@_date: 2009-11-06 17:52:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: managing and protecting nyms... 
There have been several anonymous contributors here who
have developed pretty good reputations by the quality of their
contributions, technical, philosophical, literary, even occasionally,
fair-minded wisdom.
Some have been subsquently identified -- by self-revelation or
by leaks -- others remain unknown. Fortunately their contributions
endure (where are the archives these days, if any?).
As established here over numerous years, reputations might
well be more solid if contributors are not identified, instead
contributions have to stand on their own and not be colored
by personally-identified reputation -- the latter highly subject
to spin and fabrication, not to say plagiarism, vanity, pride and
Anonymous reputation comes close to the saw that there
is no limit to what you can accomplish if you don't fret getting
credit for it.
To be sure, it will be hard to avoid wanting credit, so deeply
embedded is that aspiration in societies based on prizes
and praise, egos and salaries.
Some say the greatest cause of neuroticism and pathological
behavior among spies is secrecy from the public about who
has accomplished what. And the agencies' piddling certificates
and stars on the wall are salt in the wounds of insufficient
No wonder the murders, rapes, burglaries and other high crimes
of secret operatives are TS, no, not those committed against
enemies, those done in-house.
FWIW, the spy agencies do not act on anonymous accusations
against themselves, way too dangerous, but eagerly spread
those against others.
So, following the lead of the best and brightest criminals in
the world, it is probably a good idea to have multiple personas,
some anonymous, some not. Insist that others identify themselves,
and rat on those who refuse. Thus, the increase in calls for
Internet IDs.

@_date: 2009-11-06 11:49:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: managing and protecting nyms... 
Cypherpunks should be the last place to disclose a protection
methodology except, perhaps, only perhaps, as a ploy to deceive.
Recall repeated warnings here to never disclose in a public
forum an ultimate protection scheme. Spread copious FUD,
hope it sticks. Could be that is what this thread is about.
It might be impossible to have anonymity and reputation outside
your skull and even the brain has evolved its separate agenda to
survive the body's fuck-ups. That is why mind was invented,
to escape into corporeal nothingness.
Can mind win over matter, hard to prove, but proof is a mind's
ploy to assure victory, and triumphy serves as an intoxicating
Consider like those drunk on moneygrubbing that wealth is
what mind has invented to buy avoidance of pain and suffering
by overloading that on the unwealthy condemned to servitude.
The wealthy are condemned to try to hide their resources and
insist on more privacy for them and less for others.
Governments have learned that rewarding lesson: secrecy
above all for it but not for the taxpayers. Yes, there are
rewards for reporting to secretkeepers what is revealed here.

@_date: 2009-12-31 15:43:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Docs on Letter to IEEE Protesting Crypto Export 
NSA has provided FOIA documents about a 1977 letter to
IEEE by an NSA employee, Walter Meyer, warning that export
of crypto would violate munitions export law, and the subsequent
disputes between NSA and the public crypto community, including
actions within NSA and through Congress to hinder public crypto
 (2.4MB)
While a fair amount of the information provided is public
there is more, formerly classified, that is not. The principal
document was formerly classifed "Top Secret Umbra,
Handle Via Talent Keyhole Comint Control Systems Only."
This 15-page excerpt appears to be from an unnamed much
longer report and is stamped released 9-18-2008.
NSA wrote that it will continue to search for relevant
documents and that it did not have a copy of Meyer's letter.
A copy of Meyer's letter and comments on what is new would be
We are not on other crypto maillists and fora and it would be
helpful to forward this for responses.

@_date: 2009-12-02 16:46:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_Feds_=91Pinged=92_Sprint_GPS_Data_8_?= 
Here are so-called lawful spying guides, some with prices like Yahoo's,
provided in response to Soghoian's study:
More are coming, and even more are welcomed.

@_date: 2010-01-02 15:48:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell Out of Prison with a Request 
Jim has written voluminously on his inventions, and reportedly
sent copies to a slew of parties at gov, com, edu and others.
The feds severely limited Jim's contact with outsiders so who
knows what got past the censors, in its original form, as
entrapment, or at all.
The stuff on greenhouse vaporware is one of a bunch of other
It would seem Jim is building a foundation for being a constructive
member of society, not Associated Press.
No benefit to speaking about cutting edge jailhouse encoding and
obfuscation, nor subdermal RFID.

@_date: 2010-01-02 13:27:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Out of Prison with a Request 
My name is James Dalton Bell.  (MIT BS Chemistry, 1980).  In late June 2009
I concluded that only the portion of the molecules of CO2 containing either a
carbon-13 atom (1.1% of carbon in nature) or an oxygen-17 atom (0.038% of
oxygen in nature) is responsible for most or all of the 'greenhouse effect'
commonly attributed to CO2.
In late July 2009 I wrote letters to Al Gore, 40 foreign embassies in DC, and about 30 Congressional committees and government agencies
(NIST; DOE) describing this.  I stated that it would be relatively easy to remove
the C-13 from natural gas and coal (via Fischer-Tropsch reaction, etc), and
possibly from petroleum as well. In addition, oxygen could be distilled to
remove most O-17 isotope in fixed applications (power plants).
In December 2009 I wrote two certified letters (each) to Al Gore and Obama.
So far, none of my letters have been answered.
You can imagine the implications of this discovery.  The problem, to the extent
it may exist, is easily solved.
Please help me confirm and publicize this news.  Thank you.

@_date: 2010-02-19 19:57:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Joe Stack Crypto Designer 
Joe Stack leads his customer list with crypto design:
Cylink Corporation
Project:  The Cylink CY8300 IPSec high-performance security processor
Design the instruction set for the CY8300 internal CPUs (dual RISK processors)
Write and document the CY8000 Cross Assembler (Hosted on Windows NT,
Sun Solaris, and Linux)
Develop the CPU functional validation test suite using the CY8300 assembly language
Develop the CPU simulation environment using Verilog HDL & PLI
Perform validation simulation using both the Verilog "NCSim" environment and
on prototype hardware
Write an IPSec Datagram generation/encryption utility for packet generation,
encryption/decryption (using DES, TDES, & SHA-1) and authentication (using
SHA-1, MD5, HMAC-SHA1, HMAC-MD5, & DES-MAC)

@_date: 2010-02-08 12:01:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Multiple Internets 
> i say again:
 > twitter is ruining the internets...
I agree, but I think it's highlighting an underlying issue that we've
been letting the wrong sort of people on the internet for a long time.
I tend to think that if this type of people ends up sticking to the
world of twitter and facebook and co, then we can safely caution them
off and just ignore them at large, so for that purpose it works well
Multiple, discrete internets are coming into play, perhaps have always
First, the known internets, utilizing ubiquitious access logging which
under guise of administration allows universal spying:
1. The internet run by operators of the overall background system
which most users know little about or care.
2 The open policing apparatus of the overall system run by governments
and their contractors and cooperating non-profits.
3. The commercial internet providing services or products for pay.
4. The non-profit, open-source, volunteer internet providing services
or products at no cost or for donations.
5. The closed sub-internets, mil-gov classified, SCADA, restricted
and special purpose networks used by operators and administrators of
backbones, nodes, satellite, cable, wired and wireless systems,
Second, the unknown internets, with or without evident access logging:
6. The covert policing and spying internet which watches, logs,
mucks around, runs stings, causes accidents and shut-downs, cuts
cables, runs surprise tests and attacks, and keeps alive the demand
for covert oversight of all the known others.
7. The covert internets which hide among all the others, or try to
subject to discovery by 6.
8. The evanescent internets which are set up, used and disappear
quickly, openly or covertly, subject to 6.
9. The wayward and waylaid internets which cannot be identified:
rogues, experiments, mistakes, erratic systems, unexpected
glitches and consequences, acts of nature, forgotten protocols,
inept code, destructive code, lost access techniques, death
of the perpetrators.
10. Internets of combinations, hybrids, deceptions, ploys and
warfare among 1-9.

@_date: 2010-05-16 20:16:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell Solves Global Warming 
Incarceration concentrates the mind.
I have sworn before 36 god-fearing grand jurors that Jim Bell
is not what the government alleges. I have seen Jim Bell in
the dock denying the government's accusations. I have been
warned by the judge to not disclose juror's names "accidentally"
posted on the court's web site. I was ordered to never disclose
the names I was waving in the courtroom and swallowed before
the bailiffs could snatch them. There were information freedom
fighters in the courtroom who applauded my being threatened
by a startled-awake judge and rabbit-punched by IRS snitches.
A woman among us screamed this: I love Jim Bell, I want
to be his wife, right now, marry us, Your Honor. By God,
he did, sentenced them to time served, returned to snoring.
Weeping and hugging, the jurors danced with guards, Rob
Prosecutor wailed out his mind. Jeff Gordon, a True Blue
Undercover Cypherpunk, embraced Sobbing Rob, hollered
I love you Robbie, let's tie the knot. T'was done in a doubling
the judge snoring throughout.
Rob and Jeff make a lovely couple, send cards every year
on the anniversary of their open court coupling.
Jim and wife have two little assassins being raised for vengeance
by chemistry.
One might think "global warming" is a code phrase for worse.

@_date: 2010-05-10 17:22:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Facebook is spooking me - privacy concerns 
A fair number of cpunks subscribers hid their true names
from the gitgo. The gitgo varied among subscribers, with most
of the earliest using what seemed to be true names but who
knows for sure who is.
As the list infame grew there were more of those hiding identity.
And deploying deeper levels of hide from lessons learned from
the list and other sources about how hidden identities are tracked
and faked and misrepresented and packaged alluringly as foolproof
Then there were strategies and strategems to become more
wily and more deceptive, one being the advocacy of open
sources in order to gull the gullible into revealing themselves
and their hides.
No doubt the wily knew this ploy and pretended to be open
while asymmetrically siphoning far more then offered, the
model used by official and business spies and intimate
The rigged jury is still out on whether public key crypto was
a grand deception, if not wittingly by the inventors, then by
those who would benefit from widespread faith in its
trustworthiness. Mindful that the most successful mindfucks
work best against the smartest people who cannot conceive
of being oufoxed by those they consider to be the dumbest.
I always liked PZ's "pretty good" candor for its understated
corniness. Nothing absolutely reliable over the top bullshit
like those who have tried to market it as The Best Ever.
Symantec will probably sell it back to him to cleanse its
besmeared trust.
What will become of all those archived PGP PKs capable of
tracking and cracking SKs? What, you had not heard of that?

@_date: 2010-05-03 14:40:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Facebook redux 
This reminds of the dangers of active links in email and articles.
They make it far too easy to automatically archive the whole shebang
by data hegemonists, sifters, compilers, profilers, miners, log file
addicts, and kiss-your-sweet-hole-goodbye data rapists.
Instead, avoid using active links or programs which generate active
links. Point to the sources, if you must rat, with dead alphanumerics.
Don't trust those who use active links for they do not give a shit for
the damage they are causing to readers with helpful aids that are
diabolically misleading about the tertiary uses of links.
Do not forward materials of any kind with a link to the source.
Name yourself if you can't control your phlapping idiocy, but don't
fuck others or get the ostracism you deserve for abetting those
encouraging you to be a fount of tainted, bugged, authed and
recommended info.
Say it yourself, quote the piece, or STFU. Links assassinate.
Block search engines, bots, siphons, and most especially those
who link to your material. They are purposely or ignorantly helping
bunghole wizards. Put a cork in it as well as your piehole.
Everybody here knows this due to Al Qaeda training out in California

@_date: 2010-05-02 14:54:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Facebook is spooking me - privacy concerns 
Yes, ten subscribers left and none not a rat.
New York Times today has at least three articles about online
spying, two in the back of the business section, one as the
principal piece in the Sunday Magazine, unusually long.
The magazine piece describes encouragement of people
to put everything out there as if a marvelous way to socialize.
Some coverage of the delirium of advertisers, such as the
Times, at this oil spill of free data.
One of the business articles focuses on Twitter giving all its
messages to the Library of Congress, and the delirium of
scholars at getting this oil spill of data unmediated by
authoritatives like the Times and greeders themselves.
Twitter claims it strongly emphasizes to its users about the
public nature of their data. Says it thinks its privacy policy
should be called a public policy, but that California requires
a privacy policy so it keeps the deception going to comply
with law.
All is online spying is lawful, and the data snatchers are
delirious with pleasure about it. Marc Rotenberg at EPIC
is the sole source quoted as saying US privacy policy is
totally fucked up. The article implies the EU approach is
better, despite there being no other governments on earth
that spy on its people more than the EU, and which blames
the US and China and Russia and anybody else handy for
being the threat.
Finally, a Times editorial today praises Google for its recent
disclosure of government requests for data. Says Google
intends to turn over the actual requests to an unnamed
non-profit for publication. Still no answer to what Google
does with the planetary-grade stuff it gathers, that's deeply
And nothing about the general online and offline spying
practices now endemic under guise of beneficial data
gathering and lawful compliance for what else the security
of users and nations and economies.
On to the hot shit handhelds, climate friendly vehicular
black boxes, monitors of kitchen appliances and crib-killer
and homicidal students and maturbating parents, and
automatic upgrades and renewals sucking your privates.
The Times chief editor says also today that the use of
anonymous sources is essential to check government
abuse, and while there are occasional abuses of the
practice that is why ombudspersons are there to keep
the Times authoritatively trustworthy. Nothing about
Times ads being composed of cancerous waste.

@_date: 2010-05-02 11:21:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Facebook is spooking me - privacy concerns 
Yes, and this list also since 1992. Come on, this list is
among the earliest to be federally databased and loose fingers
tapping greasy keyboards surely led to capturing other lists, and
emails, and privacy protection methods, names, addresses,
behavioral profiles, nyms, pseudonyms, anonymns, hide-outs,
onions, tors, crypto "unbreakable" and implementations easily
hackable, TA evasions, accusations, put-downs, name-callings,
rattings to the spying customers that paid subscribers to join
up and report malefactors, who was susceptible because
ridiculed here, who pretended to the least susceptible but
bragged about it so much it led to exactly the kind of attention
braggarts desire to turncoat with a smirk, and as ever, the
ones who came here to learn how to make a buck by
exploiting openness and gullibility and blind faith in surefire
comsec ways to elude "jack-booted authorities."
Face it, Facebook and ilk came from this nascent social media
promulgating the wonderful world of "if you are really stupid
the Internet is the place to empower you, here's how to hide
your plans in the open."
Take a look at social media Lady Ga Ga super-confidential Wikileaks'
unctuous comsec promises which have zero chance of being any
more trustworthy than the plethora of com, org, gov privacy policies
deluding users.
The more promises of privacy the greater the deception, affirmed
here as biblical.
Post tips for perfect privacy here, Schneier's blog, Cryptography,
alt-this-or-that, Tor -- cellars that never leak like those screaming
beggars for being screwed.

@_date: 2010-07-08 18:03:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [silk] Virtual prisons: how e-maps are curtailing our 
All technologies have pros and cons which are exaggerated and lied about.
That is what "ologies" means, the artful science of, the artifice, the hyperbole,
the debunk, the abuse, the braggardy, the pissing contests, the assassination
politics, the racking up of profits by baiting and switching, the social engineering,
the social mediation, the inflation of subscribers, followers, adherents and
believers, the Googling of, the Facebooking of, the fantastic successes of,
the obvious failures everyone overlooked except yours truly gone bonkers
with jealous rage then crumpled into a whimpering pile begging for coins,
for online donations, for socialist handouts, for god's sake people listen up,
armageddon is nigh, nobody listened to the real Year 2000 disaster and
looked what happened, the earth got hotter, flatter and Rubics cubical,
woe, woe, motherfucking Luddites, high-tech mass killing machines are
the answer.
What the fuck you talking about. Let's go pig.

@_date: 2010-08-22 15:25:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Is Bell back in? 
The thoughtful update reminder of John Gilmore recently
forwarded by RH from Cryptography is apt: advanced
resistance is essential, do not succumb to the allure of
cooptation, or, as some might say, throw bigger rocks,
forgo bigger bucks. As a contrarian rich man might belabor.
Jim makes good use of his federally-financed scientific
investigation, researching, writing, seething with revenge,
beseeching the unbound to come awake from dogmatic
slumber. Another in the ancient tradition of outsider
preparing the burial ground for the numbnuts who believe
they will rule forever.
Would he have been smarter to take a job in a deadening
lab or corp to feed the maw of useless inventions or, worse,
war-killing chemicials, explosives, platforms for standoff
murder? MIT has excelled in producing such brilliant slaves
to the mighty and almighty dollar, and young Jim was
condemned by educational testing to being imprisoned
as an obedient brain.
Chomsky, yes, Chimsky to the numbnuts, is forever on
the verge of having his parole revoked for violating
norms of obedience, except MIT needs at least one
freedom fighter to offset the tens of thousands of
highly trained cretins who welcomed Fautian fellowships
of lifetime sentences, with plenty of time to wonder what
the fuck happened to the promises made and never fulfilled.
MIT is only one of the bait and switch centers of
knowledge who recruit the young then lobotomizes
them. Jim said he was not feeling well that day so
missed the mandatory brain elision.
Jeff Gordon and lawful simians might well see that the
valiant dissident is officially neutered by 2012. Cost:
a mere 50 bucks for an inmate snitch to chasm a noggin.
A few days ago an accused Russian spy said it best, "when
I was in prison only then did I feel free, those outside do not
know they are in prison."
A lot more could be said along these lines, channeling TCM,
PGP fucked, cpunks fucked, crypto fucked, anonymizers
fucked, Tor fucked, off-shore finance fucked, anonymous
payment fucked, privacy fucked, fucking had won by 2000,
the fake versions repackaged to commercially fuck citizens
by governments, corporations, NGOs and Wikileaks.
So Jim Bell is no different than the others except he knows
he's in prison on the dole at taxpayer expense rather than
at locked up at Lockheed Martin, Intel, MS, IRS and kind.
Thanks Jeff, now eat your IRS shit.

@_date: 2010-08-21 22:18:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Is Bell back in? 
Last heard from Jim on May 27, 2010. Said he was going to
a hearing in Tacoma. Purpose of the hearing not explained.
Parole might have been revoked. Don't quote that.
He was engaged in a determined effort to overturn his
conviction with a string of filings.
Also distributing a slew of scientific claims to a slew of
corporations and scientists developed while in the pokey.
Claimed the inventions and chemical formulas would be
Copernican in impact.
Impeccably qualified, I studied them closedly, cooked the
ingredients, punched the results, hawked the output to
vultures at In-Tel-Q for 200K or so -- could of been NASA
or ONR or IDA or Lincoln Lab or Iran or North Korea or
the Chinese tor-blasting Wiki-fucking-Leaks, I'm still smoked
from the centrifuge blow-up.
Ding his cell. Jeff will record.

@_date: 2010-09-27 15:05:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: U.S. Wants to Make It Easier to Wiretap the Internet 
Lucky Green, ex-PGP official, said recently at a history of cpunks
panel that the principal disappointment of PGP.com was that too
few individuals used encryption, and that most of its use was
by corporations complying with customer privacy regulations
not for comsec.
With this in mind, individuals and corporations apparently do not
see the need for comsec, so in that sense Eric Schmidt, Google
apologist, is correct that privacy is not a big deal for those with
nothing to hide.
Phil Zimmermann, also on the panel, said nothing about PGP,
said he has moved on to a secure phone development.
The consensus was that Internet security was dead in the
water, only snake oil was successful at convincing customers
their privacy was "taken very seriously." If you read privacy
policies, and most of us don't as they evolve to be more slippery,
they are virtually identical in what they promise and admit
to customer betrayal for "lawful interception compliance."
There are a few law firms which specialize in these misleading
policies and write them to fit "acceptable industry standards."
Think of the ex-NIST and ex-NSA experts now advising
industry and government to issue regular scare stories about
The privacy watchdogs and verification services fit right in
with this flimflam -- all agree that officials have the right to
violate privacy, "it's the law," and that ISPs and Internet
operators must cooperate. You want privacy, do not use
digital technology, but don't tell the gaga Internet user that.
So, if the cpunk greying beards are right, the encryption battle
of the 1990s was lost, not won. Pretending to have won is
exactly what was agreed to develop the market for "unbreakable"
One of the cpunks on the panel said the encryption battle
was not only lost, but now some of the proponents of public
comsec are now happily making money by keeping the snake
oil protection racket alive and well. Wikileaks was cited as
an example but far from alone, financial data protection leads
the pack of misrepresentation.
My private report explains all this in detail and what to do to
get in on the windfall for a mere $250,000 per issue. Money
back guarantee.

@_date: 2010-12-22 21:26:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] OpenBSD (fwd) 
There's more to this story by Gregory Perry and several others,
one of which asserts Theo de Raadt is hiding donations from
the tax authorities and provides bank account numbers. Another
explains in detail how the backdoors were inserted. There is a good bit of obfuscation going on to exculpate those who cooperated
with the FBI then and now. Not news to these group.
A crypto skeptic would have predicted this outcome of the
"crypto wars." Crypto deception is now commonplace.
Strong crypto, unbreakable crypto, open source crypto,
are now marketing brands not to be trusted. If this is
said in public the guilty starting screaming about "spreading
FUD," as if crypto-FUD is not a premiere product.
User-implementation is the problem, weak passwords, lack
of protection of the boxes, poor sec of the networks, it is said
by the snake oilers, not the algorithm, not the program. Hire
more sec experts, pay them well, hire more watchers of the
sec experts, swear them to secrecy, hire more counterspys
to watch the watchers, foster paranoia by orchestrated
breaches. Plot with G8 to induce G20 to do the same. Name the rogues behind the threats, repeat the names often.
Run cracks to blame the rogues. Attack the rogues to induce
counterattacks with hired security experts ready to peddle sec
FUD worldwide. Bribe insiders, expose insiders, jail a few.
Even NSA us spouting that there can be no security on networks,
the answer if more 24x7 staff, bigger budgets, more informants,
more undercover insiders, more A and B teams, more vigilance,
more by god of everything NSA can conceive of. Hurrah, yell
their security contractors and scholarly researchers and
investors and garage-innovators.
Backdoors are obligatory to keep this churning. Imaginary
as good if not better than the real thing. Generate suspicion
among cryptoids. Leak names and foul deeds. Earn a buck.
Not news here. Ho hum, pretend to be bored with it all. Go
find another way to get in on it the sec racket, pray for another
9/11, a thermonuclear Wikileaks insurance release.
There was a time when the answer was read the fucking
archives. Then the archives got contaminated, cherry-picked,
lost, rejiggered, forged, garbled by Google and Archive.org
iterated in multiple unmatching forms, redacted, compiled
as original research and sent to press, exposed as if hidden, refuted, disowned. Listen, this is the truth.
Did anybody see Jaron's attack on Cypherpunks crypto-rebels
and EFF in The Atlantic as the fountainhead of anti-government irresponsibility like Wikileaks? Jaron said he was at the dinner
where cpunks was conceived and he is so happy he did not
take part.

@_date: 2010-12-15 16:23:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The inhumane conditions of Bradley Manning's detention 
Greenwald is a humorist at best, and a publicist at worst, a trained
shark advocating his client's interest by the media. Same as those
shilling for Assange to promote their services -- which never involve
going to jail and discomfort except when attention wane. A full-blown, no pun, Media Ho.
Military brigs are that, not civilian prisons, not movies and pederastic
fantasies. Their regulations are online, including that for Quantico Marine Brig, nothing secret about them. Glenn seems not to have read the regs, or found them too inmate-considerate and is lying as trained to do.
Manning is not in the kind of comical isolation Greenwald hoots. He
receives regular visits from his family and his legal team. He sees medical staff, janitorial staff, guards and their overseers, the military legal team and its Inspector General. Visits from gawking officers and civilians eyeing the celebrity inmate to be sure there will be no
grounds for neglect or abuse, which is media-driven defense SOP.
What Manning luckily avoids is guard duty, kitchen police, vile MREs and miscooked slop,  foot and crotch rot, lice, bedbugs and scabies,
STDs if fatihful to his hands and does not pig-kiss the guards for
favors, parades and field marches and bivouacs, getting coffee for his hung-over officers, enduring homophobes, unit inspections, armaments practice, stenching squad rooms, sadistic harassment by non-com and officer lifers, sand storms and leaking and muddy tent cities, burning fecal waste and scrubbing latrines, dropping the soap taunts, incoming fire and IEDs, trooper drunks, thieves, rapists, murderers, smokers and weightlifters. Visiting generals and politicians, inane work and toxic working conditions, on and on, kind of like what Glenn experienced in torturous law school, slave-driving law firm and neurotic love shack in Brazil.
This is not to suggest that Manning should not be out of jail,
but is threatened by those who want him there for their own
purposes, his supporters and opponents. To them he is more valuable outside than in to these predators as Assange now Manning and Assange share the ambition for jail time as
premium PR, both have bragged about that, claim to have studied the success of a long-line of role models. Manning
confessed to Lamo with that in mind. Did Assange use the
women for that, nah, too obvious. The trials will be shows of prolonged ecstacy among the
hordes, uh, Hos.

@_date: 2010-12-08 12:33:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Over a decade of DDOS--any progress yet? 
Indeed, the use of rogue and banal programs and technology
to conceal novel penetrations and takeovers or covertly aid their success is venerable subterfuge.
Most of them taught at Ft Huachuca to the Bradley Mannings
and deployled by hotshit newbies at Cyberwarcom. Beta tested in the
wild, say like the Lady Gaga download stratgem. Some go
haywire and escape control or have unintended consequences
like Morris's worm. Shh, national security at stake.
Bizarre and comical behavior to hide the diabolical and malign.
Jesters and courtesans and priests and housekeepers and grunts
were always the best insider spies and spreaders of undermining disinfo, and SDT mental and corporeal.
Disengineering strong crypto, a variation on stuxnetting. A bit of
code inserted on PGP servers or PGP users via key verification.
Weak attacks to assay powerful defenses. SOP in the military
to boost budgets way beyond need.
Covertly clouding illicit archives and snoops on systems of clueless users of Skype, IM, social media, any commercial or Internet operational
software. Backflowing program updates used to plant snoopers on the updater Prepositioned tick-tickers at IANA, CERT, Cyberwarcom, IRS, eop.gov and vatican.org.
Thanks to Tesla, no thanks to Edison who kept it quiet, anything electromagnetic can be taken over, especially those which foolishly aim for asymmetrical control. Following Tesla's roguosity, the Internet is a vast reverse spying machine, with bountiful EM inititative hiding places beneath those listed handily by those who warn only of threats they want to sell
protection for and try like hell to dismiss the others as amateurish.
You try to patent any of these, it will be classified upon receipt.
Look, it would be appreciated if you didn't put this on the Internet.

@_date: 2010-12-06 15:07:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Wikileaks Saga Reveals Governments' Hypocrisy, Deep Fear 
Tim is cackles from his hilltop fortress that he expects Assange to be found fatally injected with drugs in a gutter. Just being disappeared or Gitmo'd comfortably or Hollywoodized does not send the right warning to the world's tax authorities to boost budgets.
A show trial would be perfect. Assange is willing and eager.
Ellsberg pissing his britches, Wales kicking Ellsberg's shoe hoping a bust for publicity. The Internet would go over the top with delirium at being finally top featured as godawfully threatening as promised early on by its pimps and whores. Kelly, Gilmore, The Well, The
Archive, EFF, the globe's privacy hustlers -- what, you snoozed through week's of cryptoanarchy. Julian was wide awake taking notes. No credit to the mastermind of superiority, narcissitic Nietzsche (and those he stole his best gat from).
Tim wrote a provocative long essay a couple of months ago but barred publication, well, never answered a permission request.
He may be now violently executed -- that was foretold in the essay to happen immanently along with a gaggle of executioners.
Assange promises to do the same. Lessons learned.
Most likely a faked execution is in the offing, see Cryptoanarchy
under multiple personas used by Nazis in Brazil where Julian
has arranged a bunker (fuck Mike for banning Nazi too).

@_date: 2010-12-23 10:57:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [p2p-hackers] Whistle-blower site platform design 
The expectation was that I'd leak the whole shebang without permission. Never. That shit is over.
However ... a request by PGP to me can get a PDF of the whole thing.
This should not be made public.
JY PK:
ID: 0x58A4971E
The PK:

@_date: 2010-12-22 23:40:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [p2p-hackers] Whistle-blower site platform design 
The expectation was that I'd leak the whole shebang without permission. Never. That shit is over.
However ... a request by PGP to me can get a PDF of the whole thing.
This should not be made public.
JY PK:
ID: 0x58A4971E
The PK:

@_date: 2010-12-22 22:57:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [p2p-hackers] Whistle-blower site platform design 
Cryptome was given a preview of OpenLeaks.org yesterday.
It appears to have learned from Wikileaks and many others.
An impressive preparation which advances development of
superior methods of combating secrecy openly, not just rushing
to copy Wikileaks.
It addresses many of the issues raised in this thread. Among others,
it promises to invite and respond to critiques openly and will share what it learns with other intiatives. Funding will be disclosed.
It is in testing now with access by invitation. It will be gradually rolled out with further testing, revision and fully opened in early 2011. The site has a link to an article in which Daniel D-B explains the initiative.
Daniel generated a PK on December 13, 2010 with the address
ddb He welcomes inquiries and advice, as he says, from those with more capabilities than the current "gang" which are working their asses off to get it right before rushing a faulty product to meet a PR-driven deadline, oh my, that goes against industry practice in an admirable way.
Except for OpenLeaks, in prep since September, the rush of new copycat Leaks sites and thousands of Wikileaks mirrors is Buster Keaton Charlie Chaplin comical.

@_date: 2010-12-23 14:18:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Targeted 
Perhaps indicating a revival of a Red Scare initiative against
Cyperhpunks in connection with promoting Wikileaks panic,
three attacks have been published in recent days:
1. Bruce Sterling, 22 December 2010, opens with naming Tim
May's writing on BlackNet and more:
2. Philip Pilkington, 21 December 2010, attacks Cryptome
by recylcing a Readers Digest smear from 2005:
3. Jaron Lanier, 20 December 2010, attacks Tim May, John
Gilmore and others:
If the Red Scare is duplicated more of this will likely come as the
conspiracy net is spread to round up co-conspirators, fellow travellers, fronts like
EFF, EPIC,
ACLU, ProPublica and many more.
A long list of suspects here: A shorter Wikileaks-related suspects and documentation here:
As the campaign heats up it will include deep-pocketed funders, traitors
planted inside security agencies, universities and corporations, squeezed informants against the ringleaders, congressional hearings, subpoenas, frightened naming of names, scouring of files for connecting dots at Archive.org, search
engines, social media, mail lists, news lists, chat rooms, IMs, email, and the
bountiful data collected by corporations, researchers, governments and their
contractors who claimed they were merely studying the fantastic growth of empowering digital culture or more sinisterly, preparing to protect the people from
enemies of centralized authoritatives.
Now this list predicted this reaction and described how to preposition
defenses. Or was that just pretending overthrow of authoritatives?
Read the EFF and others' letter to Congress yesterday defending Wikileaks
and compare it to similar actions in the 1930s-1950s protesting clamp down on the worldwide Red Menace. Then read Sterling, Pilkington and Lanier
more closely. These smart guys know which way the wind is blowing and, as they write, they want no part in the insanity of taking freedom of
information too literally. In short, punish Assange, Wikileaks and co-conspirators as a lesson to others that dissidence is "taken very seriously."

@_date: 2011-01-06 13:33:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Assange as the Stainless Steel Rat 
A shitty account for it leaves out the crucial information about
money changing hands between WL and its partners, not even
under the ruse of underwriting "expenses." Assange's rage at MSM is about getting financially screwed not dissimulation of editorial and publication control. Assange wants his fortune just as much as publishers and journalists and the rest of us do. The nobility of getting information to the public
untainted by venality is ridiculous -- even as PR it is rancid bacon. Assange's chronic bitch has been from Day One of WL about getting those who use Wikileaks to pay handsomely for it. That was, and is, his
business model, not public service, at least no more public service than
the public service racketeers. It is not about getting press coverage simply but coverage for advertising what can be bought under the table and on the black market -- just like official and criminal managers of information
flow do -- spies the most generous payers.
The peurile Vanitry Fair gossip about the MSM struggling financially avoids
the real issue of paying sources like WL and hackers and insiders is as if there is a solemn compact to pretend that never occurs. Mutual love
and admiration it aint. Why be coy about paying WL, out with it. Maybe Daniel will spill those
secrets but not likely due to the money to be made by pretending to tell
all but not really, tell enough to become a player, then play to the max.
What might break the complicity of silence is what leads so many to
leak, getting financially screwed by your partners -- the ever present
threat to human intercourse, not limited to bed partners.
You can bet Bank of America or whoever knows what it will take
for WL not to publish financially damaging data. By now the targets have been given samples to ponder, just as the MSM were given.
And Assange will continue to shop in the black market what is merely advertised by public disclosures.
This is a well-established business model of hackers and publishing
and as we have seen in this noble training and bragging forum, security This is an ad, the good stuff is not available for free.

@_date: 2011-01-04 15:04:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Assange as the Stainless Steel Rat 
What might be most enviable about Julian is that he has held
few if any jobs to distract him from exploring personal philosophy and to plot great conquests and become very rich. During the twenty years from about 18 to 38, he has managed to obtain food, shelter, clothing, child care payments, health care, expenses for travel and entertainment, laptops and network service, and a motorbike for 2-3 years of globe circling -- perhaps
setting up a network of cohorts. (He described his itinerary on
this noble forum in 2001.) Nothing unusual about this off-the-grid lifestyle among hackers.
Like a lot of thoughtful humans not convinced steady work for
bosses is a good thing, they do have a knack for avoiding regular employment. Some speculate they sell their hacker fruits of network (TOR, DoD,
et al) siphoning on the black market, or extort payments from targets to return material or to not report nasty info to the authorities or news media -- or most profitable, to gin up the bidding for stolen data among competitors. Say, the Bank of America ploy, "hard drive"
certified, fool.
Those not adept at keeping income coming this way, can pick up a few thousands ratting on other hacker-entrepreneurs to the authorities, or best, to commercial spies who extort the ratee for information then mark it up as their own product.
These techniques appear to be in full flower with Wikileaks and its
desparate MSM partners, agog fans and penny-ante sock-puppets, but are hardly restricted to the newbie initiative. Businesses have alwayes used the same tawdry practices to assure profitability to the bosses, to screw the workers and investors, and the methods are taught in business schools and fine-tuned in lawyers and publicist-cum-journalists' conference rooms. The deals negotiated among WL and the MSM will make great reading
in the slacker colleges someday but not so long as they are laying
golden eggs. Off the grid is where the real money flows. As is often
yelled in this very iniquitous den.
It must have been said somewhere in blatherdom that Assange's model is Zuckenberg not Harry the Rat. He is likely in touch with Goldman and
JP Morgan and the giants of Europe and Asia to get bid on the BoA wad and the others in his sample kit. Think about what he's got, or says he's
got on the globe's tax authorities.
Nobody here knows anything about this despite what the archives
reveal. Those are forgeries.

@_date: 2011-01-20 22:53:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Alleged Wikileaks Use of P2P to Siphon Documents 
It may be that the cybersec wizard encountered a TLA sting being
run on P2P -- those exact six IP addresses among tens of thousands, each wearing a sign that says Wikileaks right here, log us.
Someone writes that the USG has been seeding P2P with bogus files for quite a while in order to trace their arranged discovery and appearance elsewhere. Following the lead and using the means
and methoids of the copyright pig kissers.
To be sure that is what the USG and its contractors would claim to cover their ineptitude. Meanwhile, using old style bribing, burgling, paying lawyers and journalists and whistleblowers and hackers and goofy soldiers to entrap would-be info liberators, then turning those
captured into pig kissers.
No disrespect to pig kissers, they happily admit to doing whatever
is necessary to outwit professionals.

@_date: 2011-01-20 15:37:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Alleged Wikileaks Use of P2P to Siphon Documents 
Is the report below both technologically and legally credible or just
typical cybersecrurity farting for news coverage? What are the P2P Hackers saying about it? Recall Assange claimed to have a million files on hand at the start of Wikileaks and says WL continued to received millions more until recently. To be sure, WL always maximizes counts of whatever it claims to have, the cables amounting to some 261M _words_ of which a 1% have been made public although the statistically insignificant percentage is never WikiLeaks, condemned by the U.S. government for posting secret data leaked by insiders, may have used music- and photo-sharing networks to obtain and publish classified documents, according to a computer security firm.
Tiversa Inc., a company based in Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania, has evidence that WikiLeaks, which has said it doesnt know who provides it with information, may seek out secret data itself, using so-called
"peer-to-peer" networks, Chief Executive Officer Robert Boback claimed. He said the government is examining evidence that Tiversa has turned over.
The company, which has done investigative searches on behalf of U.S. agencies including the FBI, said it discovered that computers in Sweden were
trolling through hard drives accessed from popular peer-to-peer networks such as LimeWire and Kazaa. The same information obtained in those searches later appeared on WikiLeaks, Boback said. WikiLeaks bases its most important servers in Sweden. End snippet.

@_date: 2011-02-20 21:10:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Forensics On Trial 
This reminds of the carnard that crypto weakness is in the
implementation or user ineptness not the algorithm, the math
nor the cryptographers.
Probably old stuff to the sharp tacks here, a 2007 paper describes how to retrieve keys from volatile memory not via brute force cracking or key logger or back doors or rubber hole or stupidly vain cryptographers. PGP Disk and TrueCrypto are used as examples of how to do it.
This might suggest explain why those associated long-associated with PGP have moved on to less risky endeavors and why TrueCrypt is
so beloved by snoops.
The paper was written by a student which again demonstrates
that those with less of a stake in the most trustworthy security are seldom the most trustworthy and must be protected by secrecy.
Now, for dead-broke deep thinking futurists: Which is the world's greatest spying machine, the Internet or cellphones
or the two combined? What is the crucial aspect of each system which renders it susceptible to
compromise? Which is most promoted as a way to assure freedom from compromise? Name the most prominent promoters for each. Name the most unknown skeptic for each.
Name three shame-faced apologists who admit they had not examined
the consequences of what they once believed with certainty.
Winners will receive a huge amount of untaxable cash amply hoarded
offshore by Robert Hettinga, secured by powerful financial crypto.

@_date: 2011-02-08 12:14:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Weekend Gedankenexperiment - The Kill Switch 
Better than a bullet is to restart in a deal with the authorities
to watch and log the traffic, in the Tor model, in the ATT model,
in the Oracle model, in the Microsoft model, the models of
Google, Mozilla, Intel, NGOs, Wikileaks, news media,
hackers, freedom fighters, cryptographers, coders, anybody needing to make a living rather than serve a cause for thrills, fun and begging for a bed and rot gut victuals.
Far better than inviting a bullet is to shop your comrades, become a covert agent of the counterrevolution, actually a celebrated hero of the revolution itself defying authority, showing amazing courage, downplaying losses and collateral
damage and dispensing a dose of informant poison here and there to quell internal dissent and boost reliability
with those running and funding the operation.
If not a turncoat hero then a pre-positioned second in command to watch and log the all too trusting hero, manage the finances, keep keys to the secrets, arrange recordable
pleasurable enticements to sway the hero in the pre-planned
direction, that is, right into a carefully constructed trap where a hero's only choice will be to play along or get exposed as a insanely vainglorious, self-serving, money-grubbing, child rapist to be soon dead with a vile disease.
This is described in the tell all books appearing left and right and center.

@_date: 2011-02-08 13:33:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: US Warships jamming Lebanon Internet 
I thought you meant ARPA foie gras-ing the US then the globalism. So here we are stuffed, helplessly RAMed into believing there is a way
back to free range quacking without minutely controlled AFLACing.
Ah, the dream of winning by coding, to hell with politics. So why is
Cryptography mail stuck at October 2010? Perry in jail again?
Speaking of jail, this time there have been no letters from Jim
Bell. He may be under a clampdown. Or we are. All of us stuffed.
Speaking of coding, what's the latest on open source crypto, has it been co-opted like the US masterspy claims, or disinfos?

@_date: 2011-02-17 18:30:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Decentralizing the Internet So ... 
Excuse that last post. It was about architects, not lawyers.
Greg Broiles is an angel, totally trustworthy. Ply him.

@_date: 2011-02-17 18:28:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Decentralizing the Internet So ... 
Whatever it is or turns out to be it will be carefully and meticulously
legal. No crossing the line into criminality or the organizer will have
to shop your ass in accord with governmental regulations governing the practice of law sometimes laughingly called the bar.
There is a decent-sized legal and financial (they always sleep together)
industry of setting up non-profits to advance alluring agendas. All legal and financially accountable as determined by inscrutible
taxation laws and those who sell scrutibility by the unlimited hours.
The schemes cover the broad spectrum of left, moderate, right, extreme,
covert, deceptive, manipulative, hit and run, offshore, out of this
world, you want your very own why no problem provide retainer
sign here be in touch soon. Head for the tracks to leverage for
three lovers want their dues.
Anybody with over $500,000 to squander, and they all need to do
that or Uncle takes a big bite, is incessantly proffered opportunities
to fund a perfect fit for the psychopathology used to attain the
wealth and to battle the accompanying terror of losing it to
another psycho like the government or the latest bedmate
of amazing understanding of the greeder's weakness due to
being a world class shit.
The Internet has upchucked thousands of these NGO facilitators who spam conferences, mail lists, chat rooms, dinners, panels, and oddball conclaves of wealth managers
all seeking to promote goodness to bad guys with a foot
in the grave, they are reminded unctuously, would you not
like to consider a heritage to whiten your name.
One way to fend off these leeches is to ask about their
fee, not the pro bono sham, the fees for lecturing, drafting
incorporation papers, sitting on boards, doing due diligence
(be very afraid of due diligence for that will get you jail
time, tell'em Jim Bell), defending and offending in court, publishing how-tos, escrowing bribes and alimony,
the usually panoply of self-dealing in guise of public
benefit, uh, protecting the client.
Another way to fend off these bloodsuckers is to ask for
advice on how to engage in criminal "public benefit."
Whoa, he says, whoa, whoa, now way. I could be disbarred
for that. You say, what would be your fee to cover
that risk. Excuse me, she will say, I need to step out for
a moment. You hear a dime dropping. Not calling the
cops, calling a financial advisor.
None of this applies to jail house lawyers or pro se.
Anybody heard from Jim Bell? Not a peep heard here
in his third go around. Is he being Bradley Manning'd?

@_date: 2011-02-22 21:00:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Feasibility of Using TOR or VPNs For Anonymity 
You may not be aware that such questions are now commonplace
by commercial spies like HBGary and ilk.
So here is what you tell them buzzards openly with your nym
The design of the Internet prevents concealed communication
from being possible.
How to prevent using the Internet to do what you want was its
first design requirement. Still there have been numerous attempts
to get around the Internet's fundamental prohibition against being A canard has been promulagated that the Internet routes around
censorship and based on that there continues to be a hope that
untraceability is in the offing. TOR and VPN claimed to be able
to do that but cannot, don't waste your time, they were compromised
by design. Many more out there and more hidden to assure suckering.
All mass communication must be capable of tracing its users,
for "administration and management." Designers and sysadmins of any of these systems know that but keep it quiet to protect their jobs and investor profits. Privacy shams encourage trust in these
systems as in confessionals and torture holes.
There may be a way to communicate with a few people without
using any means of mass communication but not with many and
pretty soon one or more of them will rat on the other users, either
for pay or for jealous revenge at being stooged. TOR is a
fish trap.
This is not limited to technological means of communication,
it applies to any form, verbal, written, sign, smoke, ear wiggle,
eye blink, twitch, finger, forked tongue, boogie, hickory stick,
mail drop, dead drop, fake rock, gut condom, vaginal and anal beads, DNA and quanta.
You might think keeping your mouth shut would do it, but no
no no. Too late for that unless it was never opened begging
for tit. Tits have you by the balls. So go to work and pay your
But even then expect to be reported to the authorities as a menace to society for asking these questions. Or, if you're
broke, report your gang and its fledging means of hiding.

@_date: 2011-03-25 21:34:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Iran cracks down on web dissident technology 
That's what the Eff-folks advocating TOR are saying. And point to a
file on Torproject.org. See:
However, this appears to be a giant evasion perhaps asubterfuge, even reminds of what Big Boys say when customers learn they are siphoning customer data. Read the privacy policy the lawyer-advised apologists bark, and upon reading the privacy policy see that it only emphasizes the subterfuge. Openly admitting siphoning is supposed to make it okay because everyone does it under cover of lockstep
privacy policy. Fuck that.
If the Tor operators really know what they are being used for, then they should admit to being agents of the USG, as Michael Reed had the guts to do.
Claiming this US spying role for Tor is well known is a crock of shit,
but then spies lie all the time and care not a whit that they peddle
shit for eaters of it. If you believe them and like what they do then don't shilly-shally, just do what Michael Reed did but others are
too ashamed to do after having been duped since 1996.
If Reed's precedent for honesty is followed, there will be an admission that the Internet was invented for spying by its inventor. And then cryptography and other comsec tools. And then cellphones and the like. Hold on now, this is getting out of hand, the apologists
will bellow, everybody has always known that there is no privacy
in digital world.
Actually, no, they did not. And those who knew keep their fucking
mouths shut to reap the rewards of deception. Now that is a truth
everyone knows. No conspiracy theory needed.

@_date: 2011-03-21 12:05:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Liberty Dollar - Final Nail? 
The Liberty Dollar-Von Nothaus indictment and lists of
exhibits.  (1.1MB)
The list of Von Nothaus exhibits includes a bibliography
on the many predecessors and uses of local currencies.
The list of USG exhibits ignores the persistently popular means to manage financial affairs locally.

@_date: 2011-03-12 22:48:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The Cypherpunk Revolutionary Julian Assange 
Ah ha, you cracked the last of Kryptos Part 4. What's it say?
Don't miss the misspelling in the URL.

@_date: 2011-03-06 22:11:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: In brig,WikiLeaks suspect Bradley Manning ordered to sleep 
Manning's capability to taunt his jailers indicates his mental health is not a problem, thus undercutting accusations of deterioration due to, uh, torture. Standing nude, being gazed by beefy guards, is not all that bad. Manning has accomplished his life's wet dream, and for that he is to be pedestaled iconically.
There remains the always auto-mesmerzing issue of masturbation, according to Jean Genet the favorite prison and military and collegiate activity (inside and outside family colonies), and its near endlessly variable attraction and repulsion of the jailers, as watchers, as cheerleaders, as participants, as connoisseurs of welcomely forbidden pleasures of sadism and masochism.
That the brig is headed by a female Marine ratchets up the
auto-stimulation to Nurse Ratchet's castrating diabolism, the
Society for Cutting Up Men coming out of the bitch-hatchetry.
Soon, the society of BGLT hackers and leakers, so to speak,
will come out. Genet, and gobs of others, averred there is
nothing to compare with the military for pansexuality perversity
except the Church. Children preferred. Childlike adults delectable
substitutes. Bradass87, bare assed and loving it, you couldn't make this up for a Cuckoo Nest flic.
So how many of the Manning guards are female, gay, tranny -- pansexual hornism a given? Prepare to kill and die priapically, fuck mud Gyrenes!

@_date: 2011-03-22 21:43:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Iran cracks down on web dissident technology 
Fucking amazing admission. No conspiracy theory needed.

@_date: 2011-03-04 23:43:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Cypherpunk Revolutionary Julian Assange 
"The world's best-known 'cypherpunk' has long been on a mission to stop governments watching our every move. It is said to be the key to understanding WikiLeaks.
Although there are tens of thousands of articles on Julian Assange in the world's newspapers and magazines, no mainstream journalist so far has grasped the critical significance of the cypherpunks movement to Assange's intellectual development and the origin of WikiLeaks. ...
At the core of the cypherpunk philosophy was the belief that the great question of politics in the age of the internet was whether the state would strangle individual freedom and privacy through
its capacity for electronic surveillance or whether autonomous individuals would eventually undermine and even destroy the state through their deployment of electronic weapons newly at hand."
Excerpt online:
Full 19-page essay by AU politics professor Robert Manne:
 (6.2MB)

@_date: 2011-04-22 00:22:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cryptography mailing list 
Here until Perry escapes Leavenworth:
I got from that list was "Re: Disk encryption advice..." back on 10/8/2010
.  There were half a dozen posts/day, and then... zip :-(  Pity that it has
stopped (at least for me...).

@_date: 2011-04-21 12:04:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] iPhones/iPads secretly track 'scary 
This verges on being an apologia for the privacy violators, to find
a fix rather than burn their carcasses with huge fines, bans from
the industry and prison sentences as sometimes happens in other
cases of egregious, prolonged public transgressions based on
deception and secrecy.
Finding techical fixes is like adjusting oversight of misbehavior
in lobbying, finance, politics, war, tyranncy and abuse of innocents. The warfighters, torturers, techies and their sleazy lawyers protect their own interests in watering down punishment into gentle remonstrances, yet more lying privacy policies from gov, com,
edu and org.
Privacy transgression by peddlers of devices and programs is
an epidemic, like tobacco and drugs, and should be treated with powerful antidotes not mere misleading label warnings and wrist
slaps which leave the door wide open for endless tiny adjustments
in evasion of responsibility -- all too often concealed by the wizards
who can spot a fault, raise hell about it, and then what, well, offer
the violator a chance to hire the spotter as a security expert, donate to a security and privacy org, pretend remorse and regret, and move onto even more insidious campaigns to cheat the customer.
Programmers, like weapons designers, know exactly what they
are doing to the gullible public, no matter a few dissidents clanging
warning bells now and then, get noticed, get hired, get a contract,
disappear into the morass of ignobility keeping quiet and enjoying
the benefits of being well-paid, bribed into quietitude, insiders.
Spying and data gathering are never done by the bosses but by
the operators of systems who cowardly conceal their essential
role, coutured in NDAs and secrecy pacts. Sorry sons of bitches, all of them, and their pipsqueak calls for techical fixes is pure shit
coutured in "realism" about the necessity of every more hurtful
inventions to counter those allegedly doing the same for the "other side," the competitor, those who will do it if we don't.
Venality, see it for what it is, a moneymaker wrapped in a costume
of public service.
Your generous contribution to ours would be a real deal bold
name maker in the vein of Apple, MS, Intel, DoD, God, et al.

@_date: 2011-05-16 13:30:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Sons of Blackwater Open Corporate Spying Shop 
Reminds of the scramble to gin commercial-personal spying ops as the big spigot of the Cold War began to close. Which begat cypherpunks
with diminished careers for the androidial best and brightest bastard-bred
by Vietnam gush bribery.
This augurs a new flowering of disaffected neo-androids out to neuter
their former enemies' and mentors' desperate attempts to top-cream the comsec-compsec-natsec-privacy-trashing FUD.
This augurs the greybearded cpunks generation, the EFFs, and other crypto-privacy-mongering TLAs and NGOs and POGOs getting gut-shot by the young-guns who missed out on buy-outs, awards, grants, contracts, counter-celebrity, seerism, sageism, crackpotism, pony-tailism become baldism, pansexualism, White House inviteeism,
oh the glorious days when the bullshit snakeoil meter had to be reset higher mathematically every news cycle.
No wonder making money has come out of the closet of shrewd
"dissidents" who no longer believe the shit about protecting the
people but gush that BS way over the top, a la wily hackers, WL and rush-rush sec-capitalizers scratching each others backs with
threats and counter-threats, every more saber-rattling and strategic
warnings demanding more secrets to be Chrome-barred for Intelnet stud and mare fees.
Inept-security-bastard Wired is now happy as a pig in shit to be inside the beltway of reporting on threatened sec-profits as honey and Those over 32 years old better take their cash out of the banks
before they are emptied by anons well beyond bitcoin play dough.

@_date: 2011-05-28 10:30:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: There.s a Secret Patriot Act, Senator Says 
Surely giving Obama the Nobel Peace Prize before he had done
anything except talk about what he would do to end persistent
warmaking must indicate that all he had to do was talk the talk
to arouse delirium for Woodrow Wilson method acting.
Kissinger was called a war criminal for that and remains on the
wanted list (not really) of some countries who love Obama who does not appear to be Strangelove in Ghandi drag.
Talkers, aka diplomats and scholars and national security
experts and judges and lawyers and peace-niks and anti-war NGOs and foreign policy tanks and RANDs and anti-WMDs, provide excellent amply rewarded apologia for war-threat beneficiaries like themselves. Terrorism Allah-sent to head off Cold War winddown.
Reminds of the comsec-loving greeders who warn of cyber
insecurity and privacy invasion and soul losing who pray and lobby for the protection money to never end.
Come on, nasty hackers, aka sinners, sysadmins, security pros
and TLAs, churn those threats and counterthreats you were trained for. NDAs and official secrecy and confessional hootches
protect you, well, except for your ass crack of insecurity-mongering.
Question is, what classified threat was inrrefutably delivered to
Obama (as with predecessors) about himself and his family, aka the nation, that caused a change of heart and mind. Could
be related to the prospect of becoming poor rather than a
rich -- no greater fear in capitalists. Courage is hardly contagious, trickery and deception are

@_date: 2011-06-21 11:00:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Privacy Tempest 
Indeed, long before breast fixation was sexualized we knew
exactly where to find teat.
The way dogs, and perhaps other animals, store smells as humans
do sights to recall a path of travel, and find their way home after
being transported miles by vehicle elsewhere. Animals with
acute hearing do the same tracking and pathfinding.
Humans have gradually reduced reliance upon all there senses
to favor sight, aided by text and drawings, and those supplanted
by computers and other electronic gadgets with visual displays.
Magic, incantation, riots, hypnosis and paranormal work in ways
carefully studied by behaviorists aiming to manipulate humans.
Athletes, dancers, actors, musicians and "native" trackers have the good sense to gather and retrieve muscle movement, natural signs and sound many of us have let wither in over-educated belief
that sight and reason and logic should be dominant. The disembodied
electronic gadgetry world has distanced humans evern further into
terrible mistakes, drone genocide based on limited electronic data
only the most recent -- and more of that mini-WMD on the way.
Presumably tiny drones will be used for BW and CW on food
sources and disease, to complement the audio-terror they now cause like the whistling bombs of WW2.
Back to Tempest in its manifold iterations beyond EM. Leakage
of signals, comms, concepts, secrets and much more via
the imperceptible to vain technologists trained to read only
a tiny smidgen of the sensory spectrum. What is being done
with those we are too smart-bombed to understand?
Probably one answer to that is why OBL could not be found
for a decade by the greatest technolgical nation ever invented
by the blind, deaf and mute. This is not to exclude the possibility
that OBL assassination is a fiction to declare victory by
technical means and methods of media manipulation.
cutting-edge Tempest

@_date: 2011-06-15 19:06:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: There.s a Secret Patriot Act, Senator Says 
The cypherpunks list collapsed in 1992 after a few weeks when the
three anti-social founders had a falling out, there was blood and spit teeth, then The Thing was rejiggered to came back for a couple of years, staggered around from its many bantam cock fights gazed by lurking hooters by the thousands not sure WTF was going on but WTH it beat The Narcissitic Well and Venal Wired and the Guttenberg Didactic
Project and Tim B-L's honey pimp for hard-on hardware producers, spayed advertisers and info liberation machiavellians. The four or five best and brightest left in disgust to go to law school
or The Marines or prison or set up vulgar moneypits hawking crypto and crypto-crackers and anonymizers and anonymous-trappers to occult beasts with very large tax-cash dispensers. The Thing matured is what. Petered out, talked about the glory
day. Rotted.
CJ wrote a song about it: What it is is many-used, shaggered sheath in a dried-up cum bucket
Nota bene: for anyone who remembers CJ's sis Alia who
doted on the linguistic genius, she died recently.

@_date: 2011-06-12 17:51:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: <nettime> Internet Digital Black Friday: First Bitcoin 
The dual-use feature of information is a given. Information
system designers and operators play a dual role in every
field from religion to education to government to FOI to
security and to law, the latter two in particular.
Open source has always been dual-use, and the usage of
the term is a sure sign of duplicity, indeed in most cases
asymmetrically so. The DNI is one of the few who has admitted
that is how spy agencies use the term, but looking at other
uses it seems clear that it is a cloak for deception to a greater
or lesser degree, primarily to get information swapping going
in a particular direction to favor the initiator.
Early adopters commonly promise high ROI then gradually
shift to less return and more profits as confidence in the
product grows and the opportunity for exploiting that
confidence attracts shrewder investors. Vulture capitalists,
as if there are any other kind, are especially adept at this.
Informants, insiders, administrators, judges, arbiters, trusted
grammarians, language police, third parties, confessors, lovers, teenagers luring Breibarts to smear congresscritters, bitcoiners, digital moneymakers, security do-gooders and evildoers,  and skeptics of all these, is there any question of their pervasive dual-usage to tip the rewards toward themselves? Put them
on a pinhead to see them bleat.
This is not about the major religions and governments only, but any initiative to induce confidence in one belief and suspicion about others. Without that duality there would
no pro- and anti-thinkers and tinkerers always working in cahoots as if an irrefutable scientific proof of the absence
of god. They too two-dance pinheadedly.
Informing is ordinary behavior, and its takes little inducement
to open source the spigot. Mild disagreement will usually work.
Even better is dinging the tip jar.

@_date: 2011-06-20 18:07:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Privacy Tempest 
It has been a while since Tempest has come up here. If you
haven't heard Joel McNamara's is closing his unique web site on TEMPEST in October, 2011. An archival pdf is available until then:
A lot secret and open research is still underway on compromising
emanations and inadvertent signals of humand innards, outwards
and behavior -- electonic, acoustic, visual, odor, taste, touch, multi-sensory, extrasensory, paranormal, stride, eye blink, arm swing, bodily excretions, crowding, solitude, sleep, grammar,
syntax, singing, math and coding skill, down the line of reading what you don't want read without getting bitcoins in return.
Much of Tempest discussion focuses on electronic emanations
but are there reports on non-electronic signal capture?
The report recently on big cavity resonators in Britain built before
radar to pick-up acoustics of distant aircraft reminds of the
non-electronic versions of Tempest popularized by the KGB's planting a device in the US Embassy residence in Moscow.
Passive bugs are not the question. Are dumb-looking objects
still being covertly planted in secure locations to transmit signals to the outside at imperceptible wave lengths or
stego-ed in the perceptible? Bypassing cutting-edge Tempest countermeasures which so enthrall technical surveillance inspectors blinded by e-gadgetry.
Are live skulls cavity resonators beyond pushing voice? Lot of cavities in most places where people go for privacy.

@_date: 2011-07-26 12:25:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Steve Bellovin Discovers Earliest One Time Pad Inventor 
The 1882 monograph that Dr. Bellovin stumbled across in
the Library of Congress was "Telegraphic Code to Insure
Privacy and Secrecy in the Transmission of Telegrams,"
by Frank Miller, a successful banker in Sacramento who
later became a trustee of Stanford University. In Millers
preface, the key points jumped off the page:
"A banker in the West should prepare a list of irregular
numbers to be called shift numbers," he wrote. "The
difference between such numbers must not be regular.
When a shift-number has been applied, or used, it must
be erased from the list and not be used again."
That sent the astonished Dr. Bellovin to the Internet to
try to find out whether Mr. Millers innovation was known
to the later inventors.
The results of his largely online detective work can be
found in the July issue of the journal Cryptologia.  ...
According to several independent specialists in cryptography,
Mr. Miller was undoubtedly the first to propose the concept
of the one-time pad.
"Miller probably invented the one-time pad, but without
knowing why it was perfectly secure or even that it was,"
said David Kahn, the author of the definitive 1967 book
"The Codebreakers." "Moreover, unlike Mauborgnes
conscious invention, or the Germans conscious adoption
of the one-time pad to superencipher their Foreign Office
codes, it had no echo, no use in cryptology. It sank without
a trace  until Steve found it by accident."

@_date: 2011-07-04 23:46:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Len Sassaman Posts 
Len has been described as a cypherpunk in some accounts
recently. Nothing shows up for him in the cpunks archives
for 1992-98. Did he use a pseudonym or just not post to
the list? How about the Cryptography list?

@_date: 2011-08-11 22:12:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Google Admits Handing over European User Data to US 
European and other nations have long provided private data
to US spies under secret sharing agreements. Their protests
are nonsense. Hearings on these violations of their citizens
and subjects seldom do more than issue demands that the
practices stop but do not order action to truly stop them. The reason is that the US (and its contractors) supplies the other nations with data on their citizens and subjects as well as funding and technology for homeland spying.
Blaming the hegemon-of-choice is obligatory strut.
And most importantly spies do not have to obey laws anywhere and provide exculpation for their mercenaries.
This is a global practice not invented in the US, indeed
it might be argued that the US is slightly less jaded
than other nations who have betrayed in secret fashions developed over millennia -- way before laws were confected
to bless official crime to fight threats to hegemons.
US hegemons will not be penalized nor lose customers
because alternatives are no more trustworthy. Check the gov-protected monopolies cum oligarchies that dominate Euro, Asian, African South American
countries which adopted Echelon as home brew
either by treaty or by unilateral corporatism -- the
path most favored by unregulated billionaires more numerous elsewhere than the US. And they all
have spy operations coupled to governments. They
all believe the USG is constitutionally delusional.

@_date: 2011-08-09 12:38:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: New Crypto Website 
Very true. Whistleblowing was invented for officials to disclose
marked-up, tagged and shrewdly redacted information. There
is an international organization of whistleblowers to assure a
steady flow, funded by shadowy sources. Beyond that obviously professional outlet there are:
Open and secret generous grants available to scholars, renegades, freedom fighters, hackers, siphoners, aggregators, search engines, coders, Tors, leakers, spammers, Chinese, Iranians, Israelis, rogues, drug kingpins, kiddie porn baiters, civil liberty unions, unions, agitators, organizers of the poor and the filthy rich, tweeters and speakers,
priests and TLC givers, every conceivable exceedingly fine-grained minority and social and economic injustice aggrievers, Wall Street and off-shore greeders, why there is hardly any way to avoid getting a piece of the pie directly or indirectly, say, through an amazingly
lucky break and recognition of your long-overlooked talent, a door opened just for you and your angry bitch gnawing your deadbeat
Whistleblowing is a satisfying blow job. That's a recruiting slogan.

@_date: 2011-08-01 20:39:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: CIA Forced to Release Long Secret Official History of Bay 
The full release is available on the CIA FOIA site, apparently put
up on July 28 to steal the thunder of National Security Archive.
A Zip of the wad grabbed on July 30:
 (52MB)

@_date: 2011-08-09 00:11:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: New Crypto Website 
<I think it's the horse.
More or less quite true. That is why the horsemen are so fervently deployed as narcotic diversions.
Drugged I offer a pointer to an August 5 mathematician's
review of a recent book about Bayes theory helping break Enigma and other humcomsec decoys:
Actually he teases little of Enigma, enigmatically.

@_date: 2011-08-08 23:05:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: New Crypto Website 
Isn't the Internet the 5th horseman, so saith Cyber Command
underlings recruiting at DefCon and all the universities and hacker
hangouts and net cybersecurity-as-crime forums.
Nice thing about the horsemen is that you got to be one to
know how to fight them for many, many years, with budget
upgrades by "unexpected" failures. Human failures always
the best. Insiders next best. Never you or us angels.
Today GAO issued a study of State Department worldwide
information security evaluation and not once mentioned Wikileaks which only weeks ago was State's horse to bet on for great gobs
of additional cyber security. Must be policy to keep secret from
the public the greatest threat. Shhh.
Ok, ok, so it was DoD who let the State's swayback out of the barn
and Cyber Command promises to not ever let that happen again
as soon as Bradley Manning agrees to become a poster boy
recruiter of hackers for the NSA who failed, failed, failed, OMG how those hovering buzzards missed the emanations of FOB Gaga.
Or did they? Was it a trap all along, poor Bradass87 the bait?
State thinks DoD ran Bradley in an op. Bet on that filly.

@_date: 2011-08-07 22:24:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: New Crypto Website 
Not speaking for the website operator but it appears that he
includes the language as an ass covering like most crypto
developers do in accord with legal advice to invoke protection
of the herd. What is called elsewhere "standards of the profession" meaning that if all members behave in the same way no harm will come to any of them because they have agreed to not blame each other, will lie for each other,
will screw customers in the same fashion, will excuse
ineptitude, will bill for services in concert, will seek
government protection for monopolistic practices,
as professionals are selected, schooled, trained and
certified to do to display the exculpatory appelation. Like the oldest professions: corn-holing and stealing
food and clubbing your baby's mother and claiming direct approval from the various gods in your image
invented and worshipped for auto-eroticism.
Then there are the financial reasons for using the
"do no evil" lingo. Knowing that your product will be
used for exactly that evil you advertise its value by forbidding that evil. See any bible for enlighenment.
Or any product warranty or privacy protection or
national security. In a pinch, claim mathematical
unbreakable crypto, and wheel out the standard
fault of implementation when your math disintegrates.
In these times forbidding use of crypto for terrorism, paedophilia and crimes is the very best way to attract high-paying customers who do just those, in particular warmakers, governments, banks, pornographers, cryptographers and those who racketeer against those fat heads, i.e. Robin Hood hackers.
Now please describe what are you offering with baloney
oppostion, I want to steal it and kill you if it is really good, which I have to say, speaking as a pro everready
to flog crap, it probably is pure gold.
 against humanity.> >

@_date: 2011-08-07 21:45:47
@_author: mutiple times in some countries 
@_subject: Re: New Crypto Website 
May I ask what you strive to achieve by specifically stating in your license
This software may not be used for terrorism, paedophilia or crimes
against humanity.
Or are you just trying to make sure that terrorists don't just get killed in
action and/or sentenced to death (mutiple times in some countries) but also
sentenced to whatever is says for breaking an arbitrary user agreement? It's
not like a law, rule or ethic of any kind is going to stop any of those 3,
if it did they wouldn't exist.
We can therefore conclude that you cannot have included it to actually stop
those three. Is it then a statement against those? Sort of a "I do not agree
with (condone) the activities" of those three? Personally I think stating
that you fear this to be used for those things is helping them, some of them
exist only to cause such fear. And why should you poise technological
process with such fear?
2011/8/7 John Young

@_date: 2011-08-07 20:52:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Crypto Website 
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am trying to stir some interest in my cryptography software/algorithm
website (which I consider to break new ground in the field of cryptography):
(It is C++ software for *BSD and Linux).
The 4 items available are:
C12G16 (E-mail crypto)
L15 (CSPRNG).
IBAA32/64 (CSPRNG).
Rick Carey

@_date: 2011-09-08 21:37:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Re: Goodbye, Hotmail, MSN, Live.com... 
Hasn't the cellphone evolved into a personal body chip more
identified with a user than email. Built-in tracking, recording,
surveilling, archiving, linking ubiquitously to a person's manifold
associates and activities, portable, unwired, often in multiple
versions, well beyond what computers do to 1984 an inmate.
These gadgets are expected to be reduced to the size of a
gnat, or much smaller, and will come attached to skin and clothing in order to command and access whatever a person
needs to interface with other persons, food, housing, transport,
6 feet under.
A nascent urge becomes a signal sent and the first ack is to Central Base to finish the thought for you and scratches your dandruff, assays its components and reminds you to
buy ABC shampoo within one hour at these imaginary locations or it will be glopped at next bathe.
Lay on the floor, don't move, not necessary, day dream and
all will come true. You will live about ten minutes or less then replaced automatically with a hot new ver. which will
be your self as dreamed by Central.
An idle dream question is who will you, everybody, resemble? An electronic datapoint, quadrillion vibrating self-pleasurably
forever. In short, a sun for a while then its opposite composed
of all the EM ever once emanated.
This is Your Rapture.

@_date: 2011-10-07 22:36:15
@_author: please mind. Please. 
@_subject: Re: Perry Metzger Entrepreneur 
When I first heard Steve died I thought people were joking. I figured he
resigned from Apple but he'd stick around for another few years, like Bill's
around although he resigned. I was wrong. I actually had the world slowing
down feeling. Realizing I'd never have a discussion about the early years of
the computer industry and where it's going with an aged Steve and Bill. I
simply thought it was unlikely I'd ever be important enough to get that
conversation, but now it's impossible . He's been such a role model of how a
solid presentation should be given. The image Apple has gained under his
leadership is sheer cunning. I wish I knew how responsible he was for it, so
I could credit him accordingly.
I like to think it was all him. It's times like these that time's
passing disturbs me most. That I wish for an afterlife so that nothing is
2011/10/7 John Young

@_date: 2011-10-07 15:37:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Perry Metzger Entrepreneur 
Perry Metzger, early cpunk, founder of Cryptography mail list, gets NY Times shoutout today as "entrepreneur," for his Google+ comment on Steve Jobs' death:
724 have Perry in their circles. Names recognizable from comsec
and financial derring-do.

@_date: 2011-11-28 11:45:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Non-governmental exploitation of crypto 
If there's so let us
A fundamental characteristic of non-toy (especially unbreakable!)
encryption is that any failure is due to implementation or some
other fault beyond the cipher.
This indefensible circularity is audacious but necessary for
the illusory claims for a strong cipher.
In more recent times, another necessary illusion is that if a cipher has been broken it will be publicly revealed.
Despite the ancient concealment of vulnerabilities of
ciphersystems in order to exploit trust in them.
Then there is the argument that different standards of
cipher protection must be declared in order to determine
whether a cipher meets a standard. And this leads to
an ever receding standard for the best and a pile-up of
lesser promises unmet.
And there is a presumption that the best encryption will be expropriated by national governments and their selected
agents and must be kept out of the hands of the governed.
Hence, best ciphersystems are never revealed or disappear
from public view via official secrecy classification or NDA.
These evasions are used by cipher (and security)
snake oil peddlers to maximum advantage such that it is probably wise to consider all cipher (security) systems snake oil, or more precisely, toys requiring sophisticated marketing and exculpations of failure -- at which crypto
and official security wizards may be expected to excell.

@_date: 2011-11-23 17:39:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Transcript of Richard Stallman's Lecture 
That is a thoughtful summary of the threats and not so good
a list of what to do about them, except, whoa now, to support GNU and its ilk -- damn fundraising for freedom movements has become obnoxious, indeed not altogether different from the
enemies' advanced persistent threats now being rolled out
as the justification for funding and recruiting the best and brightest cyber warrior brothers and sisters.
There is a movement these days to warn about threats without
a convincing response to them except to urge support after
a smooth spiel. Maybe that is the tits and ass display of threat warnings.
Tits and ass-like threats -- against the populace, against nations,
against beliefs -- have long been a means to drive the people this way
and that, such that a botoxed driver is required guide the balloon.
Stallman aptly warns of system operators -- technocrats, priests,
coders, cops, spies -- being the drivers of the mechanism whether free or paid. His advice to learn how to drive yourself appears wise except it presumes there is a machine to drive. Agnosticism might work also: avoid the established mechanisms. Atheism perhaps best: avoid mechanisms, gov, mil, com, edu, org, net,
Too late to forego the narcotizing devices and markets and webs and nets, which includes paper books due to the infrastructure needed to produce and distribute them as if liberating cellphones.
Alternatives to free and paid narcotics their drug pushers exist.

@_date: 2011-11-16 13:04:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor in Mexico 
Tor is not alone in misleading users about online security.
It would be worth repeating that security online, as offline,
is always an iffy promise and that communication and
identity-protection caution is a basic requirement.
Offerers of security in whatever guise -- national,
governmental, commercial, organizational, religious,
individual -- are well aware of the limits of what is being offered and thus over-promise to conceal those limits.
Security should be understood to mean limited security,
which is how security experts know it. A few of them laugh,
or growl, at the ease with which scoundrels among them
deceive the public. Most, however, enjoy the rewards of keeping quiet, or most likely, shading the truth in such a way that when vulnerabilities are exposed -- ie, people die (far more than sacrosanct journalists, entire duped
populations) -- they roll out the usual exculpations of charging the victims with complicity in their suffering for believing what they were told.
Never trust a security expert for they an incapable of
knowing the full consequences of what they are advising
about, having been trained to fudge, blather, brag, warn, and promulgate the faith.
Security means to blame the victim, that is, require to
the victim to believe in corrupt security, to never doubt the security offerers, all of whom are motherfucking liars, cheats and false priests, most often in pay of those who reap great fortunes fucking the people,
themselves protected by secrecy.
Without secrecy none of this shit would work. Thus,
above all else, cloaking secrecy with evasive bullshit is essential, for example, the open source religion
which hides crimes and misdemeanors around
the globe, above and below.
Dinky revelations of vulnerabilities hide great ones.
Thus, the near monthly revelations of data hacking,
the crowing about finding holes, the issuing of new
patches and protections, the revisions of privacy
policies, the proposed new legislation and regulation
to control violations, the warnings of national attacks,
the grandstanding virii of machinic attacks, the calls
for digital identities and banning of anonymity, the
jailing of a few pipsqueak examples, the avoidance
of effective law enforcement and punishment of
major cartels and spy regimes inside and outside government, the excusing of corporate and institutional
siphoning of user data, the lack of constraint on military
arms sales and product promotiing wars, well, its a long list of what secret security fosters.
Believe nothing you hear about security, should be the
motto required of every peddler and advocate of it.
Alternatives to security are available but get no traction
against the hegemon.
1.0K bytes in 28 lines about:

@_date: 2011-12-14 16:26:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Network Surveillance: Access Control, 
Probably coincidental that so many of these surveillance conferences
are taking place as official-commercial-advocacy-institutional (gov-com-org-edu) surveillance funding has become more widely
distributed in clear and in dark.
"Honey trap" is unfair to these good-hearted initiatives which would
likely deny, quasi-truthfully, that they are unwitting tools to siphon ideas,
means and methods, names and biometrics -- and recruit talented
rodents to feed security vultures.
Talented rats could siphon in return and a share the entrailed muck
despite NDAs and secrecy agreements. But will not happen
once the ingested perqs are channeled into feed to shit to sewer to befouled landscape. Paranoia is big biz gov-com-org-edu contamination.
ISS lays it on the table, spying and anti-spying are wonderfully enriching, spread suspicion.
Others might ignore the polite invitations to herd into paranoia feeding pens. Starve the befoulers underwriting them. above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily
moderator in monthly reminders.

@_date: 2011-12-08 16:17:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The primary objective in data retention is traffic 
That's the primary objective of the Internet and telecommunications
and SM networks. Official spies are no longer the only ones and may
be the least threatening but a handy stimulus for all-too-suspicious
privacy and security products that have all-too-hackable holes and,
ahem, faulty implementations to be blamed on the victims who
shouldn't trust shit, so says those who rush shit to market.
Damn, who is who in the race to cruelly exploit while waving a flag of warning.
Somebody crankily said he is fed up with newly discovered security breaches and faults which turn out to be false alarms hiding deeper
treacheries which turn out to be "harmless" design features which
turn out to be fucked-up works in progress forced to market by economic and political ambitions. So what if a few thousands
die, "compared to auto and cancer and suicide deaths those are insignificant."
Apologists have it right. Jump to admit minor, formulaic, entertaining
errors to divert attention from unspeakables.
surveillance. location,

@_date: 2011-12-22 16:31:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Iran GPS Spoofing and the RSA Cipher 
============================== START ==============================
Iran GPS Spoofing and the RSA Cipher

@_date: 2012-01-17 18:58:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Safer submission of content to news     organizations 
O'Brien is right that no trustworthy anonymity is possible over a public network like the Internet due to the basic design of
the Internet to track its use. At best there are varying degrees
of trustworthiness such as Tor-like widgets, the semi-classified
milnet and intelnets, somewhat isolated nets like BlackNet and Darknet, partially-hidden encrypted paths, kind of cloaked
nets, ineptly-cloaked multi-level proxies and subterfuges, and
more that proffer protection but suffer in all cases from limiting
adjectives of partiality and depending upon outwitting a user
and an opponent by preening, obscuritism black magic formulas, algorithmic daredevilry, superlative-slathered acronymic technology for quasi-concealed transmission beyond belief. This is not to say that the legacy means of shoe leather, deep
throats, drops, brown packages, cranium crypto, homing
pigeons, "unbreakable math," were any less porous or less
subject to dreamy exaggeration, black bagging, bribes,
sex stings, vanity and stupidity.
What hope for noble journalism (not the same as cranky, cantakerous, paranoid, ill-paid journalists) remains, though, is the gullibility of sources to believe their risk is protected by journalistic ethics as good as those of lawyers, doctors, architects, bankers, officials and BFFs.
"Sources" is an asymmetrical term of artifice not to be believed. STFU or publish yourself or be gulled by the allure
of never-anonymous infame.
"Liberationtech," too, smells of tech sting.

@_date: 2012-01-20 14:21:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Megaupload.com seized 
Harking back to the Echelon era, it is worth noting that those
five countries - US, UK, AU, CA, NZ - are in the forefront of mega-managing the security of the Internet, no doubt refining and expanding the technological tools and sneaky extra-legal practices to work their combined will on global communications.
Gaining access to MegaUpload's emails, business records and
financial affairs likely required several multi-jurisdictional actions not only by the Echelon partners by also by allies such as those in NATO.
As often discussed here, the use of military capabilities developed
for national security for civilian criminal affairs matters is amply indicated in the MegaUpload indictment.
Indicting in the US, in particular in the Eastern District of Virginia,
the pre-eminent national security court, also indicates a bias
toward national security undergirding arguments for economic
security threat. That too was often debated here in the crypto
wars of the 1990s.
Recent defense funding authorization of holding alleged
terrorists indefinitely, keeping Gitmo alive, SOPA, PIPA, MegaUpload, Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks, huge funding
increases for openly hiring hackers and paying those undecover to rat on cohorts, also reminds of the extra-legalities
and betrayals of the early public crypto era.
to beat government, then gradual co-optation by legal
threats, bribes, scholarships, contracts, stigma, isolation,
betrayals, call that the After Echelon Option -- it should be expected that the same means and methods will be used in cyber wars, offense and defense mutually aggrandizing
one another.
Note that there have been a slew of seeming public interest
comsec initiatives in recent years to address cyber threats combined with threats to privacy. Observing the particpants in these there are quite a few recognizable warriors from the crypto-comsec-privacy wars. Fine minds and good hearts still proposing technological solutions to the issues, warning of legal if not military oppostion. Ginning up more technical fixes to comsec and privacy, reminding of past errors and promises gone awry, sniping at one another, admitting NDA withholdings, parading an impressive list of corporate domains after the nyms.
Optimistically, using the wind down of the Cold War as
a precedent, when crypto wizards came of out of classified
realms due to decline of nat sec jobs, the wind down of GWOT could lead to comsec wizards coming out of similarly classified realms to aid civilians against those remaining in the world
of secrecy worldwide.
It would be a swell outcome of classified research to heed
its inherent dual use once again on the dual use Internet:
between those who want to control it with an iron hand
of government and commerce and those who want to free it from
that hand. That will depend upon who gets paid to betray
the public and those who defend the public.
It is not easy to tell who is who since both copy one another's
language, behavior and promises -- most of the charges
against MegaUpload could be applied to government and
commerce. Call that Mega Echelon Option.

@_date: 2012-03-03 12:07:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: 8107 odell rd 
Although the sign likely does not say so, that entrance is to a State Department-CIA communications facility. Another entrance nearby goes to the CIA-NSA Special Collections Service which develops the technology and prepares and
runs operations for black bag and bugging jobs. This has
a pretty detailed description with names and titles of
personnel a few years back:
Bing.com/maps has oblique views

@_date: 2012-04-30 21:54:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hettinga et Cie Rising 
Treasury confirms the cypherpunk way of finance obscuratism:
Report on Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U/S. Securities
Cayman Islands is number 4 after China, Japan and UK at 1, 2 and 3.
Best, Number 21.5 between Russia and South Korea, are "countries unknown"
holding $138 Billion.
What countries unknown are traffica unanalyzable even with
Tor Project-like dye marker?

@_date: 2012-04-18 14:52:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Surveillance Teach-In 
Laura Poitras: Surveillance Teach-In
with Jacob Appelbaum & Special Guests
Friday, April 20, 2012  7:30 PM
Lower Gallery
Award-winning filmmaker Laura Poitras explores issues of war,
justice, and power. Her current film trilogy, focusing on America
post 9/11, documents the Iraq War, secret state surveillance, and
the suspension of the rule of law in the "war on terror." For this
evening program, she is joined by Jacob Appelbaum, computer
security researcher, privacy advocate, hacker, and human rights
activist. Together they will reveal elements of their own work to
investigate methods of surveillance as well as tools of circumvention.
Join them as they invite the audience to explore the Museum through
the lens of a Panopticon observation system.
Free with Museum admission, which is pay-what-you-wish on
Fridays from 69 pm; there are no special tickets or reservations.

@_date: 2012-04-17 14:38:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Feds shutter online narcotics store that used TOR to hide   its   tracks 
Nice repetition of crypto deniers in the affirmation by Tor faithful that
Tor was not the weakness it was the implementation, the sysadministration,
the victims' stupidity, the wily use of informants, another unfair accusation
against Tor, a need for PR announcement that Tor was not at fault, get
right on it before the latest lie spreads.
Sure there are bugs to worked out, file this one as ticket number 38,458,
or as an update of a ticket long ago which pointed to this little problem being worked on by valiant, dedicated, secret service coders, but do not lose faith in what is good overall, re-read our statements:
A few errors does not mean the whole apparatus is not a good thing for
its believers, only that the MSM is clueless. And relentless detractors, what can be done about the pests with their puny ignorant agendas going up against those who know reputation capital is the fountainhead of moola.
Code, motherfuckers, more code to mark-up.

@_date: 2012-04-13 13:19:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AES 128 in hardware under a buck 
A sends:
AES 128 in hardware under a buck
I'm currently working with low power radios in consumer electronics.  Zigbee/RF4C, Bluetooth low energy, etc.     The interesting thing is that there are chips which contain a processor, a 2.4GHz radio, and AES 128 in hardware. For a few bucks or less.  Going into things like TV remote controls.  Great for protecting your keystrokes on a qwerty remote control when using TV like a computer. Makes you wonder about AES 128. .... Also, adding a microphone (think Siri voice control) is becoming
commonplace.  Which can be fun but the microphone is in a system which can be manipulated.  As someone (DIRNSA ?) recently said, folks are bugging themselves. At least certain Sun workstations of old turned on an LED when the microphone was enabled. .... It is now trivial to make a bursted, encrypted audio bug the size of the
battery plus a little.

@_date: 2012-04-18 14:49:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nadim Kobeissi Cryptocat Featured by NY Times 
"Cryptocat is an enabling, positive technology, and its an alternative," said Jacob Appelbaum, a developer with the Tor project, which routes Web traffic in ways that help disguise sites that people have visited. "A key thing here is that it is an experiment, with valid criticisms. Its not perfect. But it is important that we have people who are interested and knowledgeable about computer security who are working on these things, not just for money, and not just to break into peoples computers."
The group met over the weekend at a code-a-thon organized by Julia Angwin of The Wall Street Journal, which has chronicled the spread of commercial surveillance in everyday technology in a vital series of articles and engaging online demonstrations called What They Know. A recent article in Wired magazine detailed big advances in United States government surveillance capabilities. Mr. Appelbaum and a documentary filmmaker, Laura Poitras, are holding a teach-in Friday evening at the Whitney Museum of American Art on the subject of surveillance. [Tony museum to host tony geeks!]
The invention of powerful tools to thwart the commercial and governmental collection of personal data has been criticized as creating hiding places for terrorists and online sexual predators. Mr. Kobeissi said he had been startled by those complaints. "Evil people have been evil forever," he said. "I dont think theyre going to stop being evil or become more evil because of Cryptocat."
He appears to be wide open and unguarded about himself.
"I love it when people criticize me," he said, pausing for a second and then amending his words. "When they criticize me technically."
His ambitions with Cryptocat are not financial, though he is trying to raise $2,000 to cover his costs for the next year. "Money is great, money is amazing," he said. "Its not like money is something I dont understand. I understand what it is. I care more about making something nice that people can use, and its free and it makes a difference."

@_date: 2012-05-29 13:51:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: John Brennan is a person of genuine moral rectitude, a priest   with extremely strong moral values 
Some critics of the drone strategy still vilify
Mr. Brennan, suggesting that he is the C.I.A.s
agent in the White House, steering Mr. Obama to a
targeted killing strategy. But in office, Mr.
Brennan has surprised many former detractors by
speaking forcefully for closing Guantanamo and respecting civil liberties.
Harold H. Koh, for instance, as dean of Yale Law
School was a leading liberal critic of the Bush
administrations counterterrorism policies. But
since becoming the State Departments top lawyer,
Mr. Koh said, he has found in Mr. Brennan a principled ally.
"If John Brennan is the last guy in the room with
the president, Im comfortable, because Brennan
is a person of genuine moral rectitude," Mr. Koh
said. "Its as though you had a priest with
extremely strong moral values who was suddenly charged with leading a war."

@_date: 2012-05-27 04:09:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: This Machine Kills Secrets: How WikiLeakers, Cypherpunks, and   Hacktivists Aim to Free the World's 
This Machine Kills Secrets: How WikiLeakers, Cypherpunks,
and Hacktivists Aim to Free the World's Information [Hardcover]
Andy Greenberg
Publication Date: September 13, 2012
The barbarians aren't at the gates. They're inside. This is the first full
account of the cypherpunks who aim to free the world's information,
from the Forbes reporter whose work has traced their history and future.
What is the machine that kills secrets?
WikiLeaks brought to light a new form of whistleblowing, using
powerful cryptographic code to hide leakers' identities while
they spill the private data of government agencies and corporations.
But that technology has been evolving for decades in the hands of
hackers and radical activists, from the libertarian enclaves of
Northern California to Berlin to the Balkans. And the secret-killing
machine continues to evolve beyond WikiLeaks, as a movement
of hacktivists aims to obliterate the world's institutional secrecy.
This is the story of the code and the characters -- idealists,
anarchists, extremists -- who are transforming the next generation's
notion of what activism can be.
With unrivaled access to such major players as Julian Assange,
Daniel Domscheit-Berg, and WikiLeaks' shadowy engineer known
as the Architect, never before interviewed, reporter Andy Greenberg
unveils the world of politically-motivated hackers -- who they are
and how they operate.

@_date: 2012-05-18 10:32:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Pittsburgh Bombing Threats and Mix-Master 
The only people making threats online are either idiots or agents
This applies to all anonymizing and traffic hiding services, all
of which are compromised, witting or unwitting, the more popular
and trusted the greater the compromise. Lesson one of comsec,
trusted systems are the best source for entrapment.
No trap works better than to promise confidentiality, untraceability,
anonymity, invulnerable communications, slathered with endorsements
by best of reputations, vast numbers of users, webs of trust, face-to-face
key signings, bragging about never being breached except for an
obligatory caution that no system is absolutely secure, beware of
faulty implementation -- the favorite exculpation of designers and
promoters chanting "unavoidable fixes underway, be patient, help
us test and improve. sign up for volunteering into our database of
the willing to sacrifice nymity for being part of something very, very
important to freedom."

@_date: 2012-06-05 10:11:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Begat WikiLeaks 
The Assange Show on RT tonight, June 5, covers Cypherpunks
as source of WikiLeaks:
RT blurb:
-Cypherpunks is a movement originating from
Cypherpunks Electronic Mailing List, which was
set up by activists aiming to improve Internet
privacy and security through proactive use of
cryptography. The movement has been active since
the late 1980s. WikiLeaks is one of the many projects derived from
A furious invisible war over our society is
underway. Finer technologies to collect netizens
private data pop up every week  and what now
exactly is private? Julian Assange asks his
Cypherpunk guests: is the worlds future tied to the Internet?
-WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange, gets back in
touch with the Cypherpunks movement to discuss
the unseen battlefield  the Internet: how cyber
wars are no longer a sheer paranoid fantasy, how
your life turns into goods sold at the market,
why a math problem is not exactly a problem when
private data is concerned and what the best
antidote is to political storytelling.
"A furious invisible war" is no longer a poetic
comparison, you will find out, and this is a battle in your backyard.

@_date: 2012-07-03 22:40:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Released from Prison 
Jim was released March 12, 2012:
Taken from a long article on Bitcoin in IEEE Spectrum, June 2012, which
credits 1992 cypherpunks for Bitcoin foundation:

@_date: 2012-07-30 16:44:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [tor-relays] Call for discussion: turning funding into   more exit relays 
Tor-talk unsubbed me yesterday, probably for publishing on Cryptome
Eugen's forward of this thread's initial message from Roger Dingledine,
with our additional pointers to enduring USG funding of the Tor Project.
That Tor Project has enlisted many dedicated participants around the
world is most admirable. If it was not so jingoistic and US-promotional
it would be a crowd-source service deserving of trustworthiness.
Its long-time funding by the USG propanda agency, the Broadcast Board
of Govenors, as well as several front organizations, is not to be overlooked
by incessant braggardy, technical conceit and thin-skinnedness by its
spokespersons, primarily majordomos Andrew Newman and Jacob
Appelbaum, now joined by sub-lieutenants to admit not serious faults
in the system. (The inventors and most capable technologists of Tor
do not exaggerate its virtues.)
Tor Project's duplicity reminds of ICANN and a slew of other USG TLA to maintain control of the Internet while espousing a US-centric version
of information freedom which actually serves as a component of the
US national security regime.
State Department brags of the thousands of info fighters it is subsidizing,
and NSA is openly recruiting hackers. It should be assumed that the TLAs
have co-opted Anonymous-like initiatives in concert with pernicious
sockpuppetry in social media.
Tor Project would benefit from escaping USG financial clutches, albeit
difficult if dependency has become inured. The proposal to expand USG
funding for exit relays -- its most vulnerable and compromisable aspect --
is a gift horse needing a dental check before buying in.

@_date: 2012-08-08 14:50:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [ZS] IMPORTANT: Delegation, decentralization, personal    initiative & flying the ZS flag 
Wait a minute, wasn't this long ago established as the reason for the Internet,
extending the reasons for telecommunications?
And that spying by its orginators and operators built into it in such a
way that nothing could be done to stop the spying otherwise why would
governments allow it to happen, and not only that pump huge resources
into keeping it going.
The key to getting it adopted worldwide was to assure users that valiant
freedom loving coders could find ways to beat the system. Sure, a few
failures would occur, but in the long haul it could be made secure for
users, "trust us this will work."
Why look what came along: encryption, then anonymity, then lawsuits,
then leakers, then data haverns, then traffic hiders, then privacy policies,
then social media, then more lawsuits, then "Anonynmous", then clouds,
then campaigns to beat back governmental and commercial and criminal
and "Chinese" and "Iranian" and Stuxnet attacks on all these pitiful
While in the netherworld of Internet transactions the data gobblers were
feeding at levels well below what boom-fed security coders and hackers
could access. Except the few who welcomed the chance to feed at multi-levels
of illusory security.
Those who claim Internet security is impossible due to the way the
system was designed and operates feed paranoia just like governments
warn of enemies at the gates, knowing how bread is buttered.

@_date: 2012-08-05 11:15:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Revised Liberationtech Mailing List   Guidelines 
Informative post by Seth.
But why would Google Docs be any more trustworthy than
Google search and other freebies by the Gorgon? With the
admitted cooperation of Google with authorities by law
and by commercial opportunity?
Same dubity applies to cloud servers whose biggest most
lucrative customers are governments and those most
eager to gain government favor.
The seemingly endless pursuit of the holy grail of online
security, yet remain within government protection, is daunting
if Sisyphean: the Soviet-style collectivization of hiding, exposing
and faking vulnerabilities and illusory defenses; Guevara
insurgencies of work-arounds, Cheney-like enforcing of fire
rediscovery and wheel reinvention; David Blaine levitation
of wizard coding reputations to cover deliberate back-dooring
for personal gain and patriotism; TLA-grade proliferating
outlets for inseminating infected blood into coding with
rigged modules under cover of malware combat aka as
freedom fighting for chauvinistic-tainted comsec validation
as diseased as Crypto AG.
It was for a brief period security-wise to reject any major
enterprise as a means to protect communications due to
certainty those will be compromised by commercial
interest and state protection. Now the bigger the better,
the more venal the more desirable.
Never mind the obvious trickle down from accumulated
wealth to needy researchers ready to wear whatever hats
fit ambition, personal debt, family obligations, withering
of courage, no apologies for changing camps offered.

@_date: 2012-08-31 16:58:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: This List Is Terrorist 
============================== START ==============================
On Twitter  an alleged undercover informant, is claiming
this list is an Al Qaeda affiliate based on Google hits of my posts to
cypherpunks .
He and followers will paroxysm when Andy Greenberg's book is released
on September 13, 2012:
Be thankful the due date is not 9/11.
The SEAL political PR stunt book release was moved from 9/13 to 9/7,
continuation of the OBL/Al Qaeda political PR stunt begun in the 1970s,
but latest installment now leaking copiously boosted by DoD threat of a
law suit, and DoJ cessation of any CIA prosecution for the decades-long
thriller, the agency's best ever, 100s complicit, 1000s dead,
millions fooled, billions squandered.
CIA sings joyously "tomorrow will always be 9/12."

@_date: 2012-09-20 14:34:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: This Machine Kills Secrets 
Here are the book's contents, list of characters, and index:
Not a few in the book will regret talking to Greenberg and might
seek revenge using cpunks wizardry and subterfuge against
the author and Forbes. Smells of a smear by the capitalist fools.
Pretty good Wired-level read, above average on the tech, but
marred by the personal slop, authorial preening and evasion of
inconvenient truth which are now obligatory among craven
journalists running scared of their salacity-demanding fans,
censorious lawyers and immoral publishers.
While that is not news here, Greenberg managed to breach
defenses by MTMing targets induced to finger one another.
Personal stuff allegedly revealed by Greenberg's "characters"
Tim May, John Gilmore, Phil Zimmermann and Mudge, for example,
might arouse gossip-loving readers to hoot and holler. Formulaic
padding about WikiLeaks and hangers-on is rancid recycling
still being massively churned to entice rabid book sellers and
advertizers sustaining Forbe's fortune.

@_date: 2012-09-02 13:20:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: SCS whitewashed from wikipedia 
Informative, much. We'll try to add some of the stuff deleted, see what happens.
Retrieved from Archive and posted the 1999 Village Voice piece on SCS with
note about the whitewash:

@_date: 2012-09-16 14:32:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Has No Files on Cypherpunks 
Federal Bureau of Investigation
September 10, 2012
FOIPA Request No. 1198150-00
"Based the information you provided we conducted a search of
the Central Records System. We were unable to identify main file
records responsive to the FOIA."
Now with one record, our emailed FOIA request:
August 31, 2012
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Attn: FOI/PA Request
Record/Information Dissemination Section
170 Marcel Drive
Winchester, VA 22602-4843
Dear FBI FOIA Office,
Under provisions of the FOIA I request any and all FBI records on the
group "Cypherpunks" affiliated with the online Cypherpunk Mail List
established in 1992 and continuing to the present.
A description of the Cypherpunks group and some of its members,
including me, is available on Wikipedia:
This material will be published on the public education website
Cryptome.org of which I am the administrator.
I agree to pay for costs associated with this request as provided by
the FOIA.
Thank you very much.
John Young
251 West 89th Street
New York, NY

@_date: 2012-09-22 23:58:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Tim May on This Machine Kills Secrets 
If it was fame, it was fleeting, so fleet I missed the benefits
and got only the cesspool backflow.

@_date: 2012-09-22 17:01:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim May on This Machine Kills Secrets 
Tim May posted a review of This Machine Kills Secret on
Amazon on September 14, 2012:
"Reads Like a Good Novel"

@_date: 2012-10-30 12:36:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Finally the Computer-Internet Security Racket is Exposed 
Peter Neumann proposes killing computers and the Internet to start over
and build something far worse to meticulously track every nano-bite of digital
communications with unrevocable, implanted encrypted ID in every device to
authenticate ID of users.
DARPA, who else, is funding the work to kill anonymity and privacy for,
ta da, national security racketeering.
The bountiful cyberwar mongerers are delirious with support for their
job security of predicting evermore Pearl Harbors, amply protected by
secrecy of "defensive" USG cyber aggression.
Dr. Neumann is a great generation advocate to bless this takeover
makeover. He was there at the beginning of the last one which
never, quote, offered security, thus leading to a multi-billion
dollar industry of snake oil. No, not national security oil, its
bastard children of cyber oilers.
None of those deliberately-deceptive-comsec creeps have ever been
here, whew, only on RISKS.

@_date: 2012-10-25 15:24:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: "we can't possibly kill everyone who wants to harm us" but  trying is "a necessary part of what 
Greenwald's over-heated rhetoric reminds of Assange rushing
from a staff meeting about his disdain of practicality while
claiming melodramatically he has "two wars to fight."
Greenwald has zero comprehension of the machinery,
tactics, logistics, manpower, funding of large-scale warmaking.
And only a bit of the "laws of war." Instead, he maneuvers
media quotations in battle array, tabletop war gaming like
think tank epicenes -- like litigators facilely fuming for the jury.
Drones have become the new encryption fad wherein coders,
bloggers and journalists believe themselves empowered to
engage in global political struggles with mastery of coding
combat and rhetorical war fighting about toy aircraft while
the mass killing devices are ignored hovering over the
little planes, protecting their airspace.
Recall the delirium when it was bruited that encryption was
a munitons right up there with ICBMs, aircraft carriers, B52s
and Abrams tanks. Recall Tor as a valiant tool to liberate
communications for freedom fighter though meticulously
surveilled and protected by full spectrum dominance of
US military might.
Drones are being treated like the toys of Bob the Builder,
simulacra of horrific slaughtering machines, but at a scale
an armchair warrior can believe in just like the arm-chaired
drone operators, and, coders breaking Big Balls a the
desktop, or more recently, Anonymous and Lulzsec panicking
the giant corporations -- or so the rhetoricians exult.
Fine, let them playact being adults "fighting wars" while killing
and maiming by means beyond their control continue to expand
their mass targetings and consume even greater portions of
the world's economy.
Corresponding to the rise in militarism is the avid participation
in futile opposition by those with no direct experience in
brutal warfare but rely upon quoting each other's baseless
rhetoric of opposition to seduce readers and fans just like
them who play war games in media, on consoles, in code and in
complicit cowardice to take no physical action against warmakers
amply protected by freedom of expression.
Lawful they always remain caged by ineffective taunts and
rhetorical braggardy. Formulaic for writers, algorithmic for
security coders. Hands always out for the king's coin.

@_date: 2012-10-24 11:20:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Federal interception of CIA emails to    journalists, and journalists emails to 
Journalists lack of comsec has always been the weakest link of
unauthorized disclosures.
Worse is the more pervasive comsec lack by the lazy
overly privileged and coddled publishing industry: publishers, attorneys,
permanent and temporary staff, janitors, visitorsm, messengers, wives
and husbands, children and friends asked to guide parents with
computers, housekeepers, ISPs, cellphone providers and those
pesky pests, insiders and black-baggers working the industry since
it was created and sustained to be all too trustworthy by spies and
The miscreants deserve Scarlet Letters, since they seldom risk
punishment, not for publishing courage but for comsec negligence
and a persistent flood of leaks for which they put others at
risk with callous indifference bred by arrogance and constitutional
Assange made four comsec mistakes: trusting new staff and
fair weather friends, believing best friends in the press would
protect him, believing confidential lawyers, then believing
national leaders -- all of them major leakers, social engineers
and targets of spies. What Lamo social engineered out of Manning
is kid stuff by comparison for the industries that thrive and
get rich on siphoning and leaking information.
Never communicate with a member of the media, legal and
political gangs who will sacrifice you and avidly exploit your
cowering in a bolt hole or molderng at Leavenworth and
eagerly expect lengthy trials for more gush and actionable
intelligence on supporters, protestors, bloggers, journos,
and us blathering here and where else but Tor, the biggest
honey trap since religion.

@_date: 2012-10-05 13:29:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptoanarchy Fear-rousing 
Fear-rousing by Andy Greenberg on cypherpunks and
cryptoanarchy as origin of WikiLeaks and kind. Fingers
Tim May as the mastermind.
Not much about the public benefits of cryptoanarchy, mostly a
capitalist smear on behalf of governments with the mantra
"governments need some secrets."

@_date: 2012-10-31 21:12:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA and the exchanges 
Under the decades-old five-party surveillance agreement --
US, UK, CA, AU and NZ, also known as Echelon -- the nations
share information and swap staff. They also spy on each other's
citizens when barred from doing so directly.
The tricky part is if an temporary NSA staff member in CA is sitting next to
a CA member spying on US citizens (same for the roles swapped)
is there a literal firewall between the two's computers as well as
physically between the staff, or is that handled by lawyers waving
magic wands, as do the CIA's lawyers finger a drone target.
The other tricky part is what is called "de minimus" spying on
citizens where if a signal of a banned target is "inadvertently"
acquired how thoroughly is the signal quashed. One version
says that the spying agency archives the signal, indefinitely,
and does not distribute to customers (unless winked by
lawyers), but is everready to retrieve the signal should
circumstances and secret presidential orders demand
as with the EFF/ATT/NSA affair.
Utah Data Center is reportedly being built to store virtually
unlimited amounts of data and signal in the expectation that
everything may become useful at some point, with newly
born algorithms sifting for overlooked needles.
In this sense, it is reasonable to assume that Echelon has
been superceded by secret laws allowing the spies to do
whatever is needed to spy their citizens and anybody else --
leaving open-ended what "needed" means to avoid another
Pearl Harbor, OMG!
Perpetual war justifies this full-dominance pan-survellience,
as recently reported in WaPo with respect to drones and
the spying acquiring citizen targets, including those of
the five-parties who foolishly question authority with
the expectation that freedom of expression is inviolable.
Nothing in this is new: nations have been doing this since
nationhood was invented to delude citizens into believing
royal secrecy and greed was over not insitutionalized
in the world's spying machines, aka, telecommunications,
Internet, Tor, encryption, anonymizers, WOT, human
rights initiatives, cyber-freedom fighting.
One way to de minimizing yourself is to work for the
spies, so the recruiters promise, however, only later
do you learn about how they spy on insiders -- for life,
using the tried and true means and methods of
ex-spies sent out to join the outsiders with tales
of despicable spyng by methods intendd to deflect
deeper inquiry.

@_date: 2012-12-18 13:02:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Why we all have a stake in the Freedom of the Press   Foundation 
A worthy initiative for the press.
Unfortunately press is only one means of freedom of expression,
speech, writing, demonstration, opposition, dissent and creative
trouble-making-- and hardly objective due to its commercial
objective and very loud-mouth, conceit, craven to power and
vanity bred by constituional protection of its risk-averse cartel.
Press has generated too many fortunes to be singled out for
crowd-sourced support.
Freedom of the Press is way too limiting, but then that is the
nature of its organizers and board members. The rich ones
in particular are notabably uninvolved in acitivities that
would threaten their wealth and freedom to lord it over
the poor fans being urged to crowd-fund just like venal
politicians who also adore the press for amplifying their
campaigns for dumping crocks of shit on the public.
Far better would be for a huge increase in disorganized
initiatives of the unruly crowd far from being controlled
and exploited by lucrative investment in "crowd-sourcing."
Watch out for the crowd-sourcing predators driving the
market in the cloud, the latest invention for spying on
and profiling the public for marketing profits.
Dan Gillmor has been had by his friends, at best, at
worst, complicit in the  market boosting deception
of obedient crowds.

@_date: 2012-12-01 13:06:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Julian Assange: Cryptographic Call to Arms 
Julian's 7-page introduction to "Cypherpunks: Future and Freedom of
the Internet," titled "A Cryptographic Call to Arms."
Our review of the book:
A pretty good book well above the usual journalistic skim-coating
of crypto influence on technology, politics, economics. Reminds
that most publication on crypto is not by the actors but by
word smith marketers of publicity and reputation. Some of
that in the book, but offers exceptionally astute observations
among the four panelists who don't always agree. A wee bit
of humor, a bit more about Manning, a good bit of flattery of
Julian, and zero about the Swedish cloud overhanging Julian
in favor of obsession with US threats.
Jeremie Zimmermann is quite thoughtful and eloquent. Pay
attention to his comments.
Jacob Appelbaum calls the three youngsters "third-generation
cypherpunks." And pukes over the Navy cheerleading hacker
trainees with patriotic bombast.
Andy Muller-Murhgum notes the diversity in those opposing
authority by contrasts Italian hackers love of food with the
German hackers love of structure.
Julian's cloaking the book in Cypherpunks couture is worth

@_date: 2012-12-10 21:04:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Assange-WikiLeaks Crypto Arms Call Triple Cross 
Cryptome has published more on Assange and WikiLeaks
than any other source except for WikiLeaks itself. Few have
examined the initiative's whole body of material and promotional
enterprise. Now that Assange has cloaked himself and the
three others in the cypherpunks/cryptography mantle I think
his shit-storm is coming this way.
I agree with putting distance between what has happened in
cypherpunks Vegas from what is brewing in DoJ. More of
that is probably a good thing. That was the purpose of the
screed against Assange's insurance entrapment via weak
crypto meant to be cracked with leak-fed access.
For edification read the JA-WL behavior in the fuller context
of cypherpunks and forget the easily dismissed summary.
Assange is playing the cypherpunks card for a purpose that
deserves scrutiny if for no other reason than to avoid being
sucked into his practice of taking credit for wins and shifting
blame to others when the chips are down. That is why he
proclaims to be a privileged journalist after years of disparaging
the corruption of that crowd.
Cypherpunks/cryptography vaunting may be part of a past,
present or future plea arrangement or more likely a
turning of the coat. Where else has this been better
predicted than on cypherpunks, yay, even encouraged
to cut the deal of ratting on colleagues.

@_date: 2012-12-05 18:23:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange-WikiLeaks Crypto Arms Call Triple Cross 
Assange-WikiLeaks Crypto Arms Call Triple Cross
Applying cryptography's bag of tricks to Julian Assange's
introduction to the new book, Cypherpunks: Freedom and the
Future of the Internet, entitled "A Call to Cryptographic Arms,"
it could be taken as a "A Cryptographic Call to Arms," that is,
an encrypted warning contained within the plain text.
Assange and WikiLeaks, like cypherpunks, is masterfully wily
at practicing the characteristic cryptography feature of duplicity,
never revealing what is going on beneath public assurances of
Assange and WikiLeaks, like cypherpunks, invoke open-closed
cryptographic duplicity as his personal behavior and as the policy
of the WikiLeaks initiative. Concealing, obscuring and diverting
his personal affairs while seeking publicity, and concealing,
obscuring and diverting the inner affairs of the operation  for
disclosing documents openly. This is cryptography in action.
In the same fashion Assange-WikiLeaks has periodically published
encrypted packages as "insurance" against takedown, it has also
released the unredacted State Department cables by way of a
complicated, presumably, orchestrated, leak. The leak of the
password to the cable collection by giving it to journalists to
publish is a classic instance of cryptographic dupery.
Cryptography formulates threats, ruses, disclosures, ploys,
diversions, deceptions, double-crosses, triple-crosses to hide
strengths and weaknesses, attacks and defenses, lies and
dissimulations, assurances of innocence and candor.
Crypto AG is a classic instance of NSA deception, among many,
to install a backdoor in a widely adopted encrypted system, then
leaked decades later as a warning to those who think they can
obtain fully secure communication systems.
A recent example if that of open source cryptography promoted
as means to verify encryption systems by public disclosure and
examination. Its shortcoming, and virtue to the wily, is that far
from all cryptographers subscribe to the sharing venture -- notably
those associated with governments, corporations and mendacious
individual efforts, instead take open source and not reveal what is
found of its weaknesses (to be exploited in secret) nor what is done
with the gift. US spies have admitted they take open source but do
not give back.
The same could be said of leak sites, anonymizers, IRC, news and
mail groups, social media, Skype, varieties of comsec offerings, and
the Internet itself among its many levels of access. Offer services,
free, paid, purloined or onioned, for which the take is much greater
than the offerings -- the standard asymmetric-warfare model, derived
from governance, education, non-profits and history's all-time leader,
religion, the latter exceeded only by wily hyenas patrolling the herd
to mount novel attacks to take down over-confident herdmasters.
Cryptographers do not trust one another. Cypherpunks triple cross
as ruse.
Consider that the Assange-WikiLeaks book Cypherpunks is a
cryptographic ruse which conveys an encrypted body of secrets,
additional insurance against the takedown of Assange and WikiLeaks
to be declared after the volume is widely distributed in print and
e-book form. A modern Lutherian proclamation of open and
encrypted dissent against the corruption of closed and secret
Further, imagine that Assange-WikiLeaks is planting encrypted
bits in all its releases which can be decrypted at a future time,
to re-assemble into a larger disclosure. In the world of cryptography
this would be expected.  Cypherpunks advocate this encrypted
concealment, dispersion, distribution and future coalescence.
Pre-positioning attacks and defenses well before they are needed
is conventional warfare -- as well as political, economic and
philosophical enterprise. Cypherpunks, before, during and after
WikiLeaks, has pre-positioned encrypted packs of arms demurely
clothed in dissent from and opposition to governance, finance and
This cryptographic call to arms is a triple-cross under a double-cross
planted in roots of trust, openness masquerading for multi-level
deception, in short, the essence of heavily-armored cryptography.

@_date: 2013-03-30 15:16:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] skype 
This cryptanalysis of Microsoft/Skype is applicable to the whole
Internet -- by design purpose-made to spy and lightly obfuscate
with patently false denials and illusory privacy and comsec --
blessed by security wizards in public, chuckled, rued and
reneged in private, usually under NDA and secrecy bonds --
flimsy, false bonds which themselves are chuckled, rued
and reneged as the experts race to turn on each other's
betrayal and grab for market share by doing the same.
Cybersecurity is the latest adverting billboard for this (leached
from WMD spying and national security long coddled by top
secret national laboratories complicitly aiding each other while
pretending opposition).
To paraphrase Jon Callas, criticism of cybersecurity is
a key escrow part of the script.
(What Jon said was "Remember, the only difference between
lawful access and espionage is whose jurisdiction it is.")
And cybersecurity wizards, like all security whores, work
for law enforcement and spies, whether Spamhaus, Spothaus,
or CyberBunker, wittingly or unwittingly showing how to attack
under light defense -- the very reason for creating and promulgating
the Internet, aka: pick your favorite and most trusted communications
medium against which even implacatory silence, getting off the grid,
pleading a deal, lovers ratting on lovers, Schmidt shitting on JA,
Manning induced to shit on himself, Swartz induced to shit on
himself, a stream of others induced to shit on and be shit on,
to wit social media, chat, Jabber, Anon, paste, backdoored encrypt,
nym, false front, megaload, the latest trick to beat the competition
while being meticulously tracked, profiled, archives, mined, targeted,
siphoned, accused with perfect evidence, APT'd, Monsegured,
Barrett Browned, slew of others like them, just when least exptected.
To paraphrase Emmanuel Goldstein, at least 25% of Internet users
are informants.

@_date: 2013-03-25 20:42:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptopolitics 
References:   <20130325075942.GO6172
  <20130325082556.GA1421
  <515077C5.6000803
  <20130325165018.GA6145
  <20130325171814.GN6172
  <20130325180304.GA6560
Content-Disposition: inline
I just created a new mailman list
as a venue for discussions that would normally go to cypherpunks but
hasn't because of the name or spam or whatever reason, and which
are off topic for this list so haven't happened here.
As with this list, postings allowed only by subscribers, strong attempt
at automated spam control but no human moderation. Enjoy.

@_date: 2013-03-20 01:05:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Releases 136 Cryptologs 
Most of the Cryptologs were formerly classified Top Secret.
NSA calls it a "monumental release."
Non-searchable image files at NSA:
The full collection in a Zipped file:
 (240MB)
We OCRed the collection to raw text, no formatting, no proofreading
but fully searchable:
 (4.4MB)

@_date: 2013-03-18 11:15:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The Internet is a surveillance state 
That the Internet is a gigantic spying machine has been known since
its invention, the security industry has made billions pretending to
protect against its surveillance.
Schneier has also written recently that security does not work,
cannot work, that attackers are always going to excell over defenders,
due to the economic incentives to attack being greater than those
to defend.
Long a top expert selling security services, what is Schneier up to
with gloom and doom that is usually associated with selling
snake oil -- his favorite target. Has his amply promoted 24x7 services
been defeated by attackers? Is he keeping that quiet? Is he about to
be doxed, has been hit with a blackmail demand, or worse, his
defenses compromised? Who else among the experts are colluding
with this initiative to admit Internet deception from the git go?
Recall that beloved Peter Neumann and others advocate chucking
the current Internet and starting over with better security and privacy
basic requirements. Uh huh, and what will take its place, will it be
better or more snake oil? And what to do with all that stored data
of the world's greatest spying machine promoted with the complicity
of Internet advocates and the security industry?
Pardon, monsieur, foxes in the hen house, comes to mind.
Schneier says in his security-is-doomed-to-fail piece a public discussion
is needed on what to do, the experts don't have answers. That's a good
start after years of experts promising to do better next time, meanwhile
trust open source, trust us.
Where does snake oil end and "something better" begin?
Is something better ever not snake oil? Is a public discussion
of an issue never not rigged in favor of the organizers? Is
tumultous public discussion never not preamble to a coup
justified as needed to control the mob who has gotten out
of hand, who voted the wrong way, who attacked the
leaders? Who hacked the experts?
Coups are always justified as needed for security, and who
Machiavelli's the coup masters other than security and
propaganda experts yearning to maintain privilege and
Coups are not always obvious, the most effective are hardly

@_date: 2013-03-25 20:21:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Material Support to Al-Qaeda 
Ex-General Stanley McChrystal:
And although to the United States, a drone strike seems to have very little risk and very little pain, at the receiving end, it feels like war. Americans have got to understand that. If we were to use our technological capabilities carelessly -- I don't think we do, but there's always the danger that you will -- then we should not be upset when someone responds with their equivalent, which is a suicide bomb in Central Park, because that's what they can respond with.

@_date: 2013-03-25 20:21:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Material Support to Al-Qaeda 
Ex-General Stanley McChrystal:
And although to the United States, a drone strike seems to have very little risk and very little pain, at the receiving end, it feels like war. Americans have got to understand that. If we were to use our technological capabilities carelessly -- I don't think we do, but there's always the danger that you will -- then we should not be upset when someone responds with their equivalent, which is a suicide bomb in Central Park, because that's what they can respond with.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-04-10 17:49:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [tp] Anti-government extremist groups reach record levels   in the US 
Ah, return to the good old days pre-911 when domestic extremists
replaced domestic communists to assure internal security for
the internal security consortia. Hackers combined with hate
groups fit the bill for unwitting complicity with rogue states.
What is the symbiosis between WikiLeaks, the KKK, Communism,
Jihad and the Internet.
Insider informants, outsider watchers, coerced turncoats,
guilty pleaders, agents provocateurs, whisperers to media,
congressional testifiers, novel technology to generate and
penetrate devilish plots, covertly authorized unauthorized
disclosures by journo lunches with spy chiefs, beef up of black
budgets, moans about cut-backs to legacy money pits, more
secrecy coupled with proclamations of more openness to
protect democracy from hidden undemocratic enemies
exploiting US open society to manipulate gullible citizens.
Just when the tide appears to be turning in favor of Assange
and Manning, comes a recycled threat of extremism empowered
by new technology, social media and anonymity.

@_date: 2013-04-24 12:16:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [DIYbio] legality of distributing pdfs or hard copy papers? 
Other points on DMCA notices:
There is a growing racket in sending invalid DMCA notices.
Many are bluffs to intimidate alleged violators not familiar with
requirements for validity (validity itself is wide open to abuse
under DMCA law).
There are firms trolling for copyright notices who send phony
DMCA notices and then notify the copyright holder of a catch,
with an invoice. Unwary copyright holders think this is a good
thing until they read the invoice.
A DMCA notice sent to an alleged violator alone is not sufficient,
it must be sent to the ISP which is required to notify the alleged
violator for a response.
ISPs get innumerable DMCA notices as fishing expeditions and
are pissed at the unsubstantiated fakery which instigates an
automatic, human-free process. DMCA law permits the fakery
and puts the burden on the alleged violator to prove innocence.
A non-response is considered an admission of guilt. DMCA
advocates love this guilt-presumed method.
Innumerable alleged violators ignore the spam bluff DMCA
notices with no adverse effect -- except the spam may
continue. Do not answer the DMCA notice sender, respond
only to an ISP notice.
The obnoxiousness will continue until DMCA is overturned,
notifier throats are slit by info-liberators (metaphorically, please,
One with Boston), escape and evasion tactics are honed to
perfection, venal copyright-industry is separated from creators
with direct exchanges replacing rapacious middle-persons, and,
best of all, creation is done by those who consume it.

@_date: 2013-07-29 11:26:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Urea at NSA Utah Data Center 
For the shrewd decryption of "UT" U R being sent
a set of asbestos Underwear for eternal sleep protection
at UG H.

@_date: 2013-07-26 16:43:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Subquantum Crypto Attack 
Has subquantum crypto attack been substantiated?
arXiv:quant-ph/0203049v2 12 Apr 2002
Subquantum Information and Computation
Antony Valentini
It is argued that immense physical resources  for nonlocal communication,
espionage, and exponentially-fast computation  are hidden from us by quantum
noise, and that this noise is not fundamental but merely a property of an
equilibrium state in which the universe happens to be at the present time. It
is suggested that non-quantum or nonequilibrium matter might exist today in
the form of relic particles from the early universe. We describe how such matter
could be detected and put to practical use. Nonequilibrium matter could be
used to send instantaneous signals, to violate the uncertainty principle, to distinguish
non-orthogonal quantum states without disturbing them, to eavesdrop
on quantum key distribution, and to outpace quantum computation (solving
NP-complete problems in polynomial time). ...
6 Eavesdropping on Quantum Key Distribution
Alice and Bob want to share a secret sequence of bits that will be used as a
key for cryptography. During distribution of the key between them, they must
be able to detect any eavesdropping by Eve. Three protocols for quantum key
distribution  BB84 [20], B92 [21], and E91 (or EPR) [22]  are known to be
secure against classical or quantum attacks (that is, against eavesdropping based
on classical or quantum physics) [23]. But these protocols are not secure against
a subquantum attack [7]. ...
E91 is particularly interesting for it relies on the completeness of quantum
theory  that is, on the assumption that there are no hidden elements of reality.
Pairs of spin-1/2 particles in the singlet state are shared by Alice and Bob, who
perform spin measurements along random axes. For coincident axes the same bit
sequence is generated at each wing, by apparently random quantum outcomes.
The eavesdropper cannot elicit any information from the particles while in
transit ..... because there is no information encoded there [22]. But our Eve has
access to information outside the domain of quantum theory. She can measure
the particle positions while in transit, without disturbing the wavefunction, and
so predict the outcomes of spin measurements at the two wings (for the publicly
announced axes).12 Thus Eve is able to predict the key shared by Alice and

@_date: 2013-07-24 23:04:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reduced NSA TA History 
Th NSA Traffic Analysis history reduced from 11.5MB to 3.2MB:

@_date: 2013-07-24 23:01:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA History of Traffic Analysis 
NSA released on 23 July 2013 "The History of Traffic Analysis:
World War I-Vietnam."
It notes the formation of T/A (Traffic Analysis) and C/A (Cryptanalysis)
as the two elements of code-breaking, using the mail analogy of T/A
for the envelope, C/A for the contents.
As noted elsewhere T/A is now publicized as "metadata."

@_date: 2013-07-21 12:18:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] today's Spiegel edition 
Der Spiegel again, like Guardian, O'Globo, WaPo, publishes only snippets
of NSA documents, then bloated commentary. This titilating censorship is
complicit cowardice. The journalists who sign these articles should be ashamed
of providing a cover-up with commercial manipulation of Snowden's alleged
documents information which assures governments no media outlet will
"go too far." That is, share Snowden's serious risks, instead hang him
out alone with allegations of his frightening collection, cheerleading the
applauding crowd.
The full formulaic cravenly disappointing article in German:

@_date: 2013-07-28 12:41:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Urea at NSA Utah Data Center 
There are two spaces labeled "Urea Tank Room" in the NSA Utah
Data Center's Generator Plant shown in construction drawings
recently leaked:
See Generator Plant floor plan drawing 11.2 A101 at bottom and
top left, spaces labeled "UT."
Urea is used in fuel cells. Are there other uses of urea in generator
or data processing equipment?

@_date: 2013-07-28 12:41:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Urea at NSA Utah Data Center 
There are two spaces labeled "Urea Tank Room" in the NSA Utah
Data Center's Generator Plant shown in construction drawings
recently leaked:
See Generator Plant floor plan drawing 11.2 A101 at bottom and
top left, spaces labeled "UT."
Urea is used in fuel cells. Are there other uses of urea in generator
or data processing equipment?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-07-28 15:44:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Utah Data Center Cabling, Emanations and Bizarre Planning 
Not much publicly available on the cabling and emanations
protection of the NSA Utah Data Center. Surely highly advanced
measures are being applied.
Google Earth shows a couple of stages of construction, Bing
Maps a couple more. AP has published a dozen or so hi-rez photos
of construction.
A lot of earthwork was done to create a flat site on a mountain side
(preceded by a small air field).
No indication of underground construction except pits and trenches
under the buildngs. With none on the surface there must be trenches
for power and signal cable.
No antenna have appeared on the site for transceiving data
like those of other of its data centers, so presumably it is done
by UG fiber optic (or antenna are hidden or remote).
Photos of construction progress of the two data buildings show
windowless envelopes made of panels and flat roofs without
various rooftop ductwork, grilles, piping and the like which appear
on roofs of other NSA and TLA facilities which might emanate
signal although not likely. (Some are littered with the stuff which
might be decoy.)
Steel structural framing is shown at Utah despite its known transmittal
of inadvertent signal, compared to say, reinforced concrete, metalized
fabric or synthetics. although are ample countermeasures available.
The pairing of structures at Utah, two of each type, data center,
generator, AC, fuel tanks, etc., show redundancy also not seen
Not much to see of protection against missiles and aerial attack
but that is the same at other NSA facilities. Wonder what supports
that confidence.
The odd bent shape of the site plan, with buildings not parallel to
one another is intriguing. Could be aesthetic but may have another
role, say to disperse richochet of inadvertent emanations.
Quite a few recent government buildings avoid the traditional
rectilinear site planning of buildings long considered to be most
cost effective and authoritarian. Some like NGA HQ, NSA Utah
and several at Ft. Meade look almost byzantine in layout, if not
a shrewd design to limit echo, amplification, richochet, or best,
to befuddle satellite peepers.

@_date: 2013-07-28 15:44:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA Utah Data Center Cabling, Emanations and Bizarre Planning 
Not much publicly available on the cabling and emanations
protection of the NSA Utah Data Center. Surely highly advanced
measures are being applied.
Google Earth shows a couple of stages of construction, Bing
Maps a couple more. AP has published a dozen or so hi-rez photos
of construction.
A lot of earthwork was done to create a flat site on a mountain side
(preceded by a small air field).
No indication of underground construction except pits and trenches
under the buildngs. With none on the surface there must be trenches
for power and signal cable.
No antenna have appeared on the site for transceiving data
like those of other of its data centers, so presumably it is done
by UG fiber optic (or antenna are hidden or remote).
Photos of construction progress of the two data buildings show
windowless envelopes made of panels and flat roofs without
various rooftop ductwork, grilles, piping and the like which appear
on roofs of other NSA and TLA facilities which might emanate
signal although not likely. (Some are littered with the stuff which
might be decoy.)
Steel structural framing is shown at Utah despite its known transmittal
of inadvertent signal, compared to say, reinforced concrete, metalized
fabric or synthetics. although are ample countermeasures available.
The pairing of structures at Utah, two of each type, data center,
generator, AC, fuel tanks, etc., show redundancy also not seen
Not much to see of protection against missiles and aerial attack
but that is the same at other NSA facilities. Wonder what supports
that confidence.
The odd bent shape of the site plan, with buildings not parallel to
one another is intriguing. Could be aesthetic but may have another
role, say to disperse richochet of inadvertent emanations.
Quite a few recent government buildings avoid the traditional
rectilinear site planning of buildings long considered to be most
cost effective and authoritarian. Some like NGA HQ, NSA Utah
and several at Ft. Meade look almost byzantine in layout, if not
a shrewd design to limit echo, amplification, richochet, or best,
to befuddle satellite peepers.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-07-30 13:25:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Radiation Emission Controls 
An engineer formerly working at the National Radio Astronomy
Observatory ( lists its radiation
emissions controls:
Among them is the banning of vehicles which use spark plugs,
thus diesel-fueled are required.
Which suggests a question about radiation emissions at
NSA Utah Data Center's 32 large generators.
Since nearly all government and commercial data centers
have generator back-ups, how are emissions from generators
NRAO also "banned digital cameras down range after they
proved quite noisy."
Are noisy digital camera emissions more privacy threatening
than phone signals? Is NSA harvesting those emissions?

@_date: 2013-07-30 13:25:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Radiation Emission Controls 
An engineer formerly working at the National Radio Astronomy
Observatory ( lists its radiation
emissions controls:
Among them is the banning of vehicles which use spark plugs,
thus diesel-fueled are required.
Which suggests a question about radiation emissions at
NSA Utah Data Center's 32 large generators.
Since nearly all government and commercial data centers
have generator back-ups, how are emissions from generators
NRAO also "banned digital cameras down range after they
proved quite noisy."
Are noisy digital camera emissions more privacy threatening
than phone signals? Is NSA harvesting those emissions?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-07-24 12:00:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Gnu PG is more Safe ? 
Snarling disagreement, condescension and supplication,
nectar and myrrh. Read books, quaintness from hell
if not on SM in snippets.
Inspired, the need to monetize crypto attacks rather than
by "free cigarette sample" open source. That follows the
well-paid bounty model of major software producers recently
reported. Attackers build rep by hacks then convert to a business
model, why this very list has successful graduates of this
curriculum: if not extortion and exploits then by contracts,
aka peacekeeping needing daily deposit of gash.
It also follows the national intelligence model of grabbing
open source material then classifying it as gov property
sold back to the citizenry through the free market for
extortionate security. Get some and copyright it.
Cryptoanarchy is precisely this digital stash counterfeiting,
RTF Bible by Rt Rev TCM. Tap his steel gate and die by
his wildcats.
Oh, and newbies are open source thieves working for
OS spies, see the bible's classified Annex available
by continuous automatic updates, not free to SOB
TLAs running all possible crypto learning and hustling
initiatives. This is WK fact, see frequent references
in the archives, in the archives, oh, the archives will
make you sagely numb.
Need a numb sage lawyer to advise on your Crypto-AG
racket? Stewart Baker is top of the sages ex-NSA,
connected to all the others out to eat your baloney wich
or hire you cheaply under life-wrecking NDA if a new
immigrant still working in a cellar in PK.
"Fuck cpunks to death." Is this still redacted here?

@_date: 2013-07-31 15:39:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: XKeyscore: More fun with NSA 
Thanks for the links. Great to see Guardian is again releasing
a full document rather than editorial blather.

@_date: 2013-08-27 16:49:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] NSA cracking UN videoconference - worried? 
It should be remembered that most, if not all, the UN members
spy on one another. UN embassies and consulates in NYC bristle
with antenna. The US embassy, a high-rise across from the UN,
overlooks the mother ship and the wee boats huddling close.
It was rebuilt a few years ago to get rid of the old tech and install
new defenses and offenses.
The area is a thick web of spy operations -- residences and offices,
sidewalkers and waitpersons, limo and taxi drivers, maids and
doormen, janitors and sex partners, UN staff and renovation teams,
construction, health and environmental inspectors.
A privtate TSCM wizard active in NYC and DC and several other
spy nests, claims no spot on earth is as heavily spied as NYC --
the UN, finance, corporate HQs, FBI, DoJ, whorehouses, the lot --
that the spies respect each other's need for a bye if discovered,
returning the favor by reporting few misses and many successes
as a survival courtesy.
And that that is the back-scratching MO in national and financial
capitals and mil-econo-gov bastions everywhere. No secret to
cryptographers and network operators.
What, you think spies and govs and mil and comseckers really
Sure they all cheat despite these tacit agreements which are pure
baloney in the great tradition of fleecing dimwitted politicians and
taxpayers who pretend dimwittedness as necessary warcraft,
tradecraft, statecraft and citizenry.
So who's the biggest and baddest of the spies of the moment.
NSA and Google according to sacrificial goat Julian Assange.
But, lord almighty, it is obvious who hired him to leak that: NSA and
Google, fearing they would be outbid for his hermitage sagacity
by Bears and Tigers, Microsoft and ATT, Verizon and Yahoo,
IBM and RSA, Cisco and Apple, MIT and Rand, Stanford and
Columbia, Koch and Soros, BBN and SAIC.
Their marketing antennas ambitiously bristling, their whistleblowers
and security researchers ablowing like comely prostitutes along
1st Avenue, a couple more dutiful transgender goats twisting in
the wind to recruit those desiring life-changing cuddling with
Bill Clinton and Colin Powell, Guardian and NYT, MacArthur,
Rockefeller and Ford, Lockheed and Northrup.
Syria heading to be the new Haiti, NGOs poised to nick carrion.

@_date: 2013-08-26 15:38:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Head: US Cyber Offense Is Best in World 
NSA Head: US Cyber Offense Is Best in World
"Cyber offense requires a deep, persistent and pervasive
presence on adversary networks in order to precisely deliver
effects," Gen. Alexander explained in response to a question
from Rep. Trent Franks (R-AZ). "We maintain that access,
gain deep understanding of the adversary, and develop
offensive capabilities through the advanced skills and
tradecraft of our analysts, operators and developers.
When authorized to deliver offensive cyber effects, our
technological and operational superiority delivers
unparalleled effects against our adversaries' systems."

@_date: 2013-08-25 22:00:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_[liberationtech]_Why_can=92t_email_be_?=  secure? -  Silent Circle Blog 
A swell beginning, for email to be merely one way to
communicate, supplemented with unlimited other
ways which do not require email, or for that matter,
the Internet or any digital means.
Presume that digital means are the easiest to fuck with,
sorry, subvert, corrupt, pack with junk, surveil, harvest,
store, search, forge, track, make your own list on your
digital device and expect it to be violated accordingly
and used against you whether you know or not, usually
not. Here especially.
Now the other means, non-digital, ancient and amply
used and understood among those who use them
although susceptible to the digital vulnerabilites if
considerable more difficult:
Plastic arts
Graphic arts
And much more everybody uses with greater facility
than digital emissions.
Note that conventional lanugages are not on the list
because of the heavy reliance upon them to communicate
and thus most heavily scutinized and attacked, usually
Language is like metadata, with only its mastery the content
can be followed from end to end, then the ends burgled,
beat, cut, shot, persuaded to talk in plain language.
Steagonagraphy is not on the list unless it is non-digital,
and if not, then hiding communication has great potential.
Its weakness is finding a means, non-digital, for preparation
and transceiving.
For example, architecture is an ancient means of communication,
among its funders, designers, builders, maintainers, destructors,
restorers, investors, evaluators, burgler, surveyors, surveillors,
protectors, attackers, underminers, repairers, materials suppliers,
excavators, and a host of participants -- the list of guilds and unions
and professionals is vast -- perhaps one of the largest cohorts
of quasi-private aggregations on earth lagging only farmers
if taken to mean any form of human construction. I flatter
myself, so do yourself likewise.
Similarly, just about any specialty of human intercourse has
its quasi-private, esoteric, unique means of communication.
The human body specialists -- scientific, shamanistic, soulseeking --
along with its pschobabbling corollary, generates a fantastic
array of marketable, if not wholly, believable garble and
gibberish. Politics and law the most vivid at laying on the
self-serving shit about the necessity of government and
the rule of law(yers).
Now back to the simple task of communicating in private.
Before that, a side note, the end is near:
First do not expect anyone to believe anything using the
word "security." So comsec is dead due to abuse. Maybe
compriv is better, understanding that privacy has become
a crock of shit too.
"Shit bag" (thanks to Assange) Natsec needs to go as well
because it has been abused the most of all since assuming
the parmount importance of a secular religion prevailing
over all belief-systems with deadly weaponry, heartlessness,
amorality, criminality and unaccountability, motto: fuck with
it and you will die. Much evidence of motto in deed. And
much evidence it will be used against its insiders.
This is relevant to private communication. Natsec really
hates being cut out of any kind of communication. It
will use virtually unlimited means to get inside, most
of them kept secret and manifestly violent if needs
So compriv should not be promoted as capable to
exclude natsec's prying, stealing, owning, using to
demolish with its opponents. OTR is futile, BTW,
as comsec.
Wind compriv down to comchat. Then wind comchat
down to comgossip, to comwhine, comjoke, comlie,
comlurk, comslur, com-social engineer. You get the
point. Do nothing life-threatening or natsec defying
by com-whatever. Communications is owned by
those who provide its means and they are owned
by extremely badass natsec ritualists willing to
barbecue your beloveds to share the goodness
carefully prescribed in their secret manuals of
unlimited warfare.
In conclusion, there you have it, com-bat, the most
reliable means of communication. Anything less is

@_date: 2013-08-23 21:33:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden Induced Mea Culpas 
Comsec experts should not be surprised at the Snowden
revelations about NSA so far, most of which are venerable.
What is surprising is their seemingly exaggerated surprise
because many of them worked at or ran firms which were
known to be heavily involved with official spying through
dual-use technology and dual-purpose contracts.
With USG and world governments, with banks and telecoms,
with comsec, software and anti-virus firms, with universities
and research institutes, with FOI organizations and public
interest advisory boards, with vulture investors, TED and
Aspen, with revolving doors among goverment, industry,
education, journalism, banking and Wall Street, with RAND,
NRL, the national laboratories, to name a few.
In most instances these dual roles were not hidden.
Or were they?
What might be troubling about Snowden's possible
revelations that is causing exaggerated surprise of
these experts is the disclosure that the dual-uses
and dual-roles in spying were more extensive than
has been made public. That has been protected by
highest secrecy about to be breached, not about
the spy agencies but those used to camouflage
and assist the spying by downplaying its pervasiveness
by selling protection that could never be wholly
effective, that the cybersec game was as rigged
as gambling.
That the backdoors, vulnerabilities, holes, faults,
and errors were more craftily hidden and exploited
with the complicity of the best and brightest while
they deluded the the public for market share and
FOI fame. That it was a charade to agitate for more
security and privacy while undermining them. That
Snowden has the documents about that ancient
betrayal and will at some point make them available.
That it would be wise to get ahead of this exposure
by rushing to claim the spying has been greater
than even we experts knew and comsec is a
fraud by design. Crypto-AG the norm.

@_date: 2013-08-20 16:32:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Groklaw shuts down 
To each his/her own escapism. These voluntary shutdowns
are not the way to go for the authorities really really like that.
Nor expecting to give or receive digital or analogue security
and privacy beyond one's own capability to verify or endure
the consequences. That is not limited to communications between
misconfigured androids who wonder where the hell did
that admission of defeat come from. Why it came from
the birth chip of mortality, dear.
No matter, the security hustlers are never going away
for good, only to reappear in new disguises of law,
religion, politics, frock, cape, code, retreat in another
direction, feint, trick, cheat, cry crocodile tears, cash in
the scam, go to the dark side to move up from public service
panhandling to fleecing baaramewes.
Keeping secret about this security skinning alive is the
price of entry to the gold vault. That is why privacy
policies and anonymizing services are so misleading.
Bluntly, anybody who peddles security is a cheat.
Those withdraw it are worse.

@_date: 2013-08-09 14:52:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The Guardian: Fears over NSA surveillance revelations endanger US cloud computing industry 
This fear of US cloud service was deployed against US crypto
back then. Exemplified in the CryptoAG revelation. Then it
was "revealed," as now, the competitors were even more
devious. Meanwhile all of the spies and contractors got more
funding to spy on each other and PR the mil-grade security,
backslapping at how easy it was to spook the public, you
know, spook as in spy on to assure freaking was effective.
In 2000 it was "revealed" that CIA and NSA with the joint
Special Collection Service, were running eavesdropping
and burgling ops out of US embassies and at home from
suburban Maryland and now, holy shit, it is "revealed" that
PRISM and XKeyscore does that cyberwarly with browsers.
You know, too, revealed as in leaked most industriously
by a Special Distribution Service, another codeword for
smoking the cloud, why even the CIA uses vaporware.
Guardian is a fine mouthpiece for Official Secrets freaking.
This fear of US cloud service was deployed against US crypto back then. Exemplified in the CryptoAG revelation. Then it was "revealed," as now, the competitors were even more devious. Meanwhile all of the spies and contractors got more funding to spy on each other and PR the mil-grade security, backslapping at how easy it was to spook the public, you know, spook as in spy on to assure freaking was effective.
In 2000 it was "revealed" that CIA and NSA with the joint
Special Collection Service, were running eavesdropping and burgling ops out of US embassies and at home from
suburban Maryland and now, holy shit, it is "revealed" that
PRISM and XKeyscore does that cyberwarly with browsers.
You know, too, revealed as in leaked most industriously
by a Special Distribution Service, another codeword for
smoking the cloud, why even the CIA uses vaporware.
Guardian is a fine mouthpiece for Official Secrets freaking.

@_date: 2013-08-06 17:48:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA 2013 Cryptologic History Symposium 
The theme for the 2013 symposium, to be held on
October 17-18 at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics
Laboratory's Kossiakoff Conference Center (just west
of Laurel, Maryland) is "Technological Change and
Cryptology: Meeting the Historical Challenges."
The conference will include sessions on "A Tribute to Alan
Turing," a "Roundtable on Cyber History," "Bletchley Park,"
"COMINT and the Civil War," "The Cryptologic Legacy of
the Great War Era," "SIGINT and the Vietnam War Era,"
and "A Technological Advantage: Historical Perspectives
on Cryptologic Research and Development."
In all there will be 21 separate sessions and over 70
presentations. Speakers will include scholars such as
David Kahn and cryptologic pioneers such as Whitfield
Diffie. All symposium sessions are unclassified.
A complete agenda and registration information will be
available on this site in mid-August.
For more information, please contact the Center for Cryptologic
History at 301-688-2336 or via email at

@_date: 2013-08-02 07:13:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Radiation Emission Controls 
More specifically inadvertent emissions like Non-Stop,
acoustic, vibratory, olfactory, echo, refractory, extent,
periodicity, amplitude, array, those still loosely or firmly
classified. Those somewhat treated of sea and space
borne vessels by degaussing, presumably more difficult
for aged architecture and infrastructure but maybe not
for new facilities like NSA Utah, other data centers and
global research networks.
If NRAO can assign sigs to several billion stars that should
be possible for several billions cellphones, buildings and

@_date: 2013-08-02 07:13:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Radiation Emission Controls 
More specifically inadvertent emissions like Non-Stop,
acoustic, vibratory, olfactory, echo, refractory, extent,
periodicity, amplitude, array, those still loosely or firmly
classified. Those somewhat treated of sea and space
borne vessels by degaussing, presumably more difficult
for aged architecture and infrastructure but maybe not
for new facilities like NSA Utah, other data centers and
global research networks.
If NRAO can assign sigs to several billion stars that should
be possible for several billions cellphones, buildings and
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-02 06:51:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Radiation Emission Controls 
Inquiry about emissions at NSA UDC and other data centers
was not for external capture but about internal protection from
its own emanating equipment. In particular EM interference by
the big generators at most of the facilities, electrical sub-stations,
processing racks, cabling, switches, personal devices, whatever
is used to run the operation and whatever might be deployed by
those hoping to capture inadvertent emissions by land, air, sat,
mobile. If you will, what does NSA do to capture such emissions
from data centers to data gathering and for unique signatures?
This is not likely overlooked by NSA and maybe at the other
burgeoning worldwide data centers, but what that protection
might involve, ie, Large-scale TEMPEST countermeasures,
somewhat larger than a nuclear submarine, maybe closer
to large-scale array used to snoop on global EM and radio
signals, mundane and heavenly. as with the NRAO.
We have an interest in snooping on the emissions and
protection against snooping of large buildings and infrastructure,
from electrical grids to telecom hubs to internetworks to
scientific networks to intellinks to satellites to space probes.
The usual spy sci-fi beloved of hams.

@_date: 2013-08-02 06:51:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Radiation Emission Controls 
Inquiry about emissions at NSA UDC and other data centers
was not for external capture but about internal protection from
its own emanating equipment. In particular EM interference by
the big generators at most of the facilities, electrical sub-stations,
processing racks, cabling, switches, personal devices, whatever
is used to run the operation and whatever might be deployed by
those hoping to capture inadvertent emissions by land, air, sat,
mobile. If you will, what does NSA do to capture such emissions
from data centers to data gathering and for unique signatures?
This is not likely overlooked by NSA and maybe at the other
burgeoning worldwide data centers, but what that protection
might involve, ie, Large-scale TEMPEST countermeasures,
somewhat larger than a nuclear submarine, maybe closer
to large-scale array used to snoop on global EM and radio
signals, mundane and heavenly. as with the NRAO.
We have an interest in snooping on the emissions and
protection against snooping of large buildings and infrastructure,
from electrical grids to telecom hubs to internetworks to
scientific networks to intellinks to satellites to space probes.
The usual spy sci-fi beloved of hams.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-09 20:14:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Today on Missions, Authorities, Oversight, Partnershps 
NSA statement today on Missions, Authorties, Oversight, Partnerships:

@_date: 2013-08-09 20:14:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA Today on Missions, Authorities, Oversight, Partnershps 
NSA statement today on Missions, Authorties, Oversight, Partnerships:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-08-01 14:40:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Max Blumenthal on Security Forum (Eugen Leitl) 
Not  to pry, much, into your book, do you have more of Snowden's
documents than released? If so, is more release in the offing?
Presumbably you are being tapped and metadataed up the kazoo,
except on uber-secure cpunks, these questions in guise of statements
from an appreciative audience:
Docs released by the administration yesterday was goosed by your
and others, the latter identities clearly spoofed,  challenging
releases and threats of more to come. Good outcome, that.
Following the precedential 1970s, with the gradually increasing
journalists probes and manifold late-coming Congressional
committees following the coffee smell, dueling with one another
to grab mics and cameras. Goosedness abounds, hurray!
Finally, hardly, tell me to jump in a lake, are you in touch with
Snowden? How about Glenn, Laura, Jake, Julian, Sarah?
Using OTR/PGP between US, UK, DE, BR? Cpunks need
this to climb out of the too-soon grave from breeding
the likes of today's leaking heroes..
Really, finally, and nobody here will tell, have you been
subpoenaed vis a vis Snowden? For Julian, Glenn,
Laura, Jake, Sarah, Ellsberg, Hersh, for The President's Men?

@_date: 2013-08-22 12:16:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSLs, gag-orders, code-changes, coerced backdoors - any tech  response? (Re: Lavabit and End-poi 
One of the many salutory if unsavory aspects of cypherpunks
is that a fresh proposal is more likely to be disagreed with
than supported, rabid-dog disagreement cloaking theft and
Rotters will then go off to get something done with stolen
material, most will remain to shrewly pretend to demolish
whatever "cluelessness" shows up, to asymmetrically burgle
and secretize openness loot like official spies.
Lacking cluelessness to taunt into full disclosure the
bandits will brag of prowess, refer auto-didactly to
misunderstood, unread sources (some fictional hidden by
errant URLs), throw out poisoned baited code, cackle
at the writhing suckers who bite the freebie and foolishly
insert as covert backdoor, but never admit having been
hooked repeatedly, instead pay ahead the pain of
gullibility, lesson learned from distinguished computer
professors and OS-backdoored Middle East negotiators.
Does this remind of Assange among several ignotables
who went off-list to reshape the world as "life-changing"
endeavor? And who may or may not be among current hyenas
here lying in wait for fresh carrion like Bell, CJ,
Manning, Swartz, BBrown, Anonymous, Lulzsec, Sabu,
Appelbaum, Gonggrijp, Jonsdottir, Snowden, Poitras,
Greenwald, the list of vanity-incomsec-diseased
ever lengthens.
The dozen or so best and brightest will fail at their
incomsec ventures, hoodwinked by better and brighter vultures
preying on red meat wizards incompetent at asymmetrical
financial math with dreams of lucrative public interest
benefits fronted by sterling reputations. RSA, PGP, NSA
venture-backdooring susceptible.

@_date: 2013-08-18 11:38:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Cryptome beats its stick frustrated in a dim cotton pick weigh shed.
WikiLeaks wails, release me, dog-fuck-stuck in a worldwide power grid.
Manning and Snowden got the humongous brass balls leak exploiters
lack exactly like leaker defenders and fans.

@_date: 2013-08-17 14:52:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
I would definitely support Assange and the WikiLeaks Party (if TCM
and a few stalwart others rebuff a draft) as superior to status quo
politics enforced by US and allies worldwide.
He and it will be assassinated, bribed, tricked, flattered into
submission unless successfully undermining that long-running
machine of bloodthirsty spies using the Internet and other willing
ploys to solicit political candidates able to memerize believers
and assassins, the former contemned as citizens and subjects
and followers, the latter spies military industry media.
Cant politic without Kant cant. -- Immanuel Kant's Wife

@_date: 2013-08-17 12:47:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Two early cypherpunk heroic casualities were omitted: Jim Bell and
Carl "CJ" Johnson for, apropros, "Assassination Politics."
Not jailed, politics-defiers John Gilmore, Peter Junger (RIP), Phil Karn.
On parallel paths, politics-hounded Phil Zimmermann and Dan Bernstein.
And others, less celebrated enemies of ever-corrupting politics.
Not to say if its your very own political corruption then it's okay,
says a truly dedicated anarchist of the Party of One.

@_date: 2013-08-17 11:31:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Sure, that works as well as any other initiative to avoid the
classic and inevitably corrupt political parties. It too will become
corrupt as inevitable with politics which is nothing but organized
corruption which empowers itself to fuck the public dead as a
wise person beautifully articulates the aim of politics.
No political leader or party is worth supporting except to get in
on the fucking. And as with other political parties, the WikiLeaks
party is enlisting adherents with the same classical and
corrupt methods: an opportunistic, eloquent, mesmerizing star
surrounded and advocated by the most venal of advisors, funders,
lawyers, promoters, shills, double-crossers, lobbyists, thugs, rats,
snakes, vermin, scum, thieves, liars, cheats, priests, apologists,
yellow-red-blue dogs, magicians, whores, cunts, dicks, pussies,
vultures, hyenas, racists, sexists, on into the thousands and then
millions of fuckers eager to kill, hurt, steal, and savage those
less organized to do unto others under a banner of beneficience,
rooting out corruption, protecting the weak, punishing the powerful,
making the world a better place.
Cryptoanarchy is an alternative to politics, a deadly enemy,
disorganized, any one of a cryptoanarchist is a politician's
worst nightmare, inside the organization, the most trusted,
the most likely to fuck the star dead. As Schwarz and Assange
has found, along with Manning, Snowden, Anonymous, Lulzsec,
Sabu, Tor, Lavabit, Silent Circle, among many in jail,
indicted, exiled, tortured, disappeared. Others went to the
other side for officially assured continual fucking.

@_date: 2013-08-21 16:49:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted mailing lists? 
Worse, why limit a cypherpunks list to only those who
use encryption? Several of the cpunks' bastard offsprings set
up their own gated communities, unable to put up with those
who ridiculed their advocacy of really really opinionated
discussion of the glories of crypto.
What has been learned since early days of cypherpunks
is that all encryption is faulty and survives on willing suspension
of disbelief. Not the math, oh never, which is as infallible as the
Pope and Muhammad, it's the disbelievers in other people's
faith-based communities and who are dedicated to finding faults
over there to divert attention from those in here.
Still, even back then, encrypted messages were posted by
enthusiasts. Nobody answered, many said get the fuck out.

@_date: 2013-08-21 10:58:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted mailing lists? 
Sure, why not? Why not, you ask. Well, because encryption
creates secretkeepers just like official secretkeepers, and it
can become an obessession to believe only other secretkeepers
and disbelieve those who do not keep secrets. From that
a hatred of all-too-trusting openness becomes even more of
an enemy. Then the enemy must be demonized and warred
against, in secret.
However, so long as un-official secretkeeping never turns
into protection an uncontrollable killing machine of those
who find secretkeeping abysmally opposed to democracy,
then it should be an enjoyable past time for innocents avoiding
their future of really bad shit planned in official secrecy
protected by encryption for their use as cannon fodder.
Just a reminder that encryption is a munitions whose only
purpose is to secretly fuck with others. Use it for a game
only. Wargamers use it to deceive their murderous
Now cryptoanarchy was always only a game of planning
assassination of political secretkeepers, despite official
misunderstanding and jailing of Jim Bell and Carl Johnson.
And not a few others comically believed that encryption
would protect them against really dirty fighters who
ignored digital black magic to target signal-emitting
OTR chatting warriors yarping strategy on cryptophones.
My PGP protects my right to post this rant, right? What,
there's a fault in my implementation, you say? Sysadmin
of mails lists are official informants, come on, now, that's
tinfoil gaming.

@_date: 2013-08-31 15:57:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
Emitting signal that "crypto works" is a hoary practice, nothing
more useful than a belief in an uncrackable means of comms,
used often in war and commerce and love affairs. Crypto-AG,
AES, PGP, Tor, OTR, offline exchange of keys, the list is
growing with each disclosure that something stinks in crypto
Getting the best and brightest (BAB) to affirm that crypto works,
say by open and limited competitions as well as by confidential
testing results leaked, would be a part of that campaign.
Leaking other forms of attack, like metadata, would be another
part, bit by bit, authenticity heightened by obligatory redactions
and vetting by quiet government consultation.
Presume Snowden dribbling juicy comsec architecture and data,
witting or unwitting of their ulterior purpose as beautifully
crafted to appear suspicious to BABs but so tasty to be irresistable
as a floating British officer corpse stuffed with secret war
plans retrieved by the Germans.
Until all of Snowden's booty is released and carefully studied by
virulently suspicious and paranoid BABs not snared by sweet
contracts to muse and declare authenticity, it cannot be seen
as more than an ingenious ruse, likely with the complicity of
the BABs once believed to be poorly-paid angels dancing
on a pinhead.
The saluatory benefit of these ruses is to shock the shit out
of the lazy and arrogant comfuckers whose stake is put at
risk by being left out of the ruse, not easy to do if they are
lulled into complacency by admiration, handsome pay,
invites to classified dances, insured and pensioned by
NDAs, well, hell, why else raise a ruckus with ruses like
crypto lists and fora and history confabbing at NSA.
None of this is intended to impugn the few BABs who
remain outside secret circles, or at least appear to do
so in best and brightest ways. And don't invoke a hoary
NSL as basis for silence.
It does intend to impugn denial of the inevtiable
failure of crypto alone or in concert with infrastructure.
Remember that 1997 NSA paper foretelling the fail.
Was that a ruse too?
If I was a BAB looking for a edge on the competition
for ruses, I might blurt that crypto deception is the
essence of crypto, that is why it works so well.

@_date: 2013-08-26 00:36:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
Phil probably means the infrastructure of email is the vul not the
crypto. Crypto alone is sterile, a boy in a bubble which requires
life support which can be assaulted.
Two boys in a bubble cannot make contact except in the same
bubble. End to end encryption is the bubble.
One description of the safest communication is do not
comm, unicate. Into the mountain refuge go thee, hermit,
ruminate thine self to find god ... is unspeakable.
This is not to suggest that every comsec wizard ever on
earth was not bought at birth or sold as idiot savant. Hell, the
essence of comsec is to sell security deception, aka
Typhoid Mary Mensa.
Hence this marketplace.

@_date: 2013-08-27 17:10:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Metadata anonymization through time delayed email messaging. 
Lance's message size is quite interesting for its parallel to size of
files used for stego and other hiding means. For example
a large CAD drawing of nuclear warhead can be graphically
shrunk to the size of a period and that period placed at the
end of note or under a line in a drawing of a Michael Graves
teapot. The giveaway is the file size.
Fragmenting the warhead drawing for placement in many
banal drawings would help, and that is being done with
a variety of cloaking tools.
To hide the file and its size, the compressed CAD drawing or
CAD-reduced encrypted volume on easy cracking of AES or
burgling AEC labs, like the old microdot, can be transmitted
in barrel of oil, a bottle of perfume, a condom of cocaine or
false fingernail.
3D printing of a compressed CAD files has possibilities.
As do compressed audio files embedded in DVD labels.

@_date: 2013-09-26 15:29:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: One Time Pad Cryptanalysis 
"Cryptanalystis make their living out of sloppy thinking and enthusiastic
over-ingenuity of designers of cipher systems."
Brig. Gen. J.H. Tiltman, "Some Principles of Cryptographic Security,"
NSA Technical Journal, Summer 1974.
Tiltman vaunts the One Time Pad but cautions there have been effective
decrypts exploiting enthusiastic sloppy thinking that OTP is unbreakable.
Most appears to involve non-decipher means and methods. The paper
redacts others presumably still effective.
For amateur ingenuity Tiltman footnotes:
"I remember an early example of the solution of the problem of producing
strictly one-time perforated tape. A Canadian engineer working for a
British intelligence organization in New York who knew nothing
at all about cryptography produced in 1942 an on-line machine called
TELEKRYPTON. He generated his tapes by pouring a mixture of
metal and glass balls through a hopper, the metal halls alone passing
current and perforating 5-level tape. He analyzed the result and saw
that it was biased, owing to the heavier weight of the metal balls, and
then changed the respective sizes of the balls to compensate for the
extra weight of the metal."

@_date: 2013-09-26 00:41:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden walked away with the U.S. IC Intellipedia 
A sends: "Snowden walked away with the U.S. IC Intellipedia."
Information on the validity of this claim invited: cryptome[at]earthlink.net

@_date: 2013-09-24 13:55:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Popular Deification of Transmission- and Crypto-Security 
NSA Technical Journal published in October 1959 an article
titled "The Borders of Cryptology."
A chart shows three main topics with subdivisions of each:
Electronic Warfare
Among 16 subdivisions only two are popularly deified today and
whose all-too-human and vain weaknesses and vulnerabilities are
hotly discussed here and elsewhere:
Transmission Security
Knowledge of the other 14 could prove useful to compensate for
the faults of the twin deities, now revealed to be not so hot conjoined.
And perhaps overcome the icey ignorance of other less glorified
means and methods used to profanely prop-up the pedestals.

@_date: 2013-09-22 14:35:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptography Inevitable Failure 
Nothing more useful for spies than widely trusted cryptosystems.
Nor do they ever reveal cracking the highly reputable. Neither
confirm nor deny. They do leak vulns, participate in standards
settings earnestly and lackadasiacly, fund good and bad research,
buy good and bad systems, hire good and bad staff and contractors,
engage in open and secret enterprises, issue truthful and false
statements, advise and mislead political leaders in public and
in secret briefings, claim to obey civilian leaders and disobey
them. As Hallam-Baker reported, NSA when confronted with A
and B choices, select both. This obligatory duplicity is avowed
necessary to conceal what is good and what is bad, both
classified for deception.
Presumably there is stash of comsec revelations pre-positioned
for implementation as needs arise and also when needs do not
Duality, duplicity, duping, is the lifeblood and poison of security
as well as insecurity, neither ying nor yang can exist without the
other. Paranoia sustains information assurance.
AES will succumb when the time is ripe for a newborn. Perhaps
the time was ripe for Snowden to midwife the inevitable failure
of NSA and ilk.
Recall NSA's 1997 paper on the inevitable failure of computer
security. Imagine a similar one on encryption awaiting disclosure.
Imagine what would replace encryption as the duplicitor of choice.
Then scale up.
Imagine what will replace over-centralized, over-grown, unmanageable
NSA and its mushrooming gaga'd critics. Not DIRNSAs retiring to
shyster duties, cryptographers gone fat feeding marketable
personnas, not Alice, Bob and Chelsea, not NRL-dudes rigging
the Tor 3-card monte, not end to end rotted MITM and at both ends,
not anything once daring and taunting like cryptoanarchy,
not prize winning WikiLeaks and granting EFF, not fleecing
fat cats and fans for FOI liberation and forever elusive privacy,
not spooning bits of spy feces into yawning mouths of readers.
Then scale down to non-secret means and methods accessible
to everyone. Even the end of official spying and its inevitable
corruption of government by out of control secrecy and dependency
upon the toolmakers of secret comsec.
But can cryptographers imagine the end of cryptography or
are they as bone-headedly duplicitous as those who pay them
to promote paranoia, secrecy, distrust and protection.

@_date: 2013-09-15 19:46:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: John Gilmore analyzes NSA disclosures to EFF 
John Gilmore assesses NSA disclosures to EFF on encryption,
security, operations, more:
NSA FISA Business Records Offer a Lot to Learn

@_date: 2013-09-10 15:37:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Interesting 
Security theater. Phony as thinking NSA and national spies
spy from embassies, not the key internet exchanges and
telecom hubs in Frankfurt and other locations around the globe.
This is amply described in a slew of technical reports and popular
articles and books. Although, tellingly, not much discussed on
crypto and comsec fora where the telecom and internet experts
blow smoke and jerk off one other about trivial arcana to conceal
their role in helping the spies for handsome salaries and fees.
NDAs behind the wanking are abundant, hopefully some to be
revealed by Snowden if not quietly redacted by those very same
wankers ostensibly helping spread the word of perfidy by
TLAs as cover for crypto onanism.
Security theater. Phony as thinking NSA and national spies
spy from embassies, not the key internet exchanges and
telecom hubs in Frankfurt and other locations around the globe.
This is amply described in a slew of technical reports and popular
articles and books. Although, tellingly, not much discussed on
crypto and comsec fora where the telecom and internet experts blow smoke and jerk off one other about trivial arcana to conceal their role in helping the spies for handsome salaries and fees. NDAs behind the wanking are abundant, hopefully some to be revealed by Snowden if not quietly redacted by those very same wankers ostensibly helping spread the word of perfidy by TLAs as cover for crypto onanism.

@_date: 2013-09-06 20:17:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Archive 1992-1998 
Cypherpunks Archive 1992-1998 in raw text:
 (83MB)
By year:
 (790KB)
 (7.4MB)
 (11.8MB)
 (10.1MB)
 (21.6MB)
 (20.7MB)
 (10.8MB)
Who October 26, 1996:
 (34KB)

@_date: 2013-09-06 15:14:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI OpenBSD Backdoors and RSA Cipher Vulnerability 
12 January 2012. FBI OpenBSD Backdoors and RSA Cipher Vulnerability:
  12 January 2012. FBI OpenBSD Backdoors and RSA Cipher Vulnerability:

@_date: 2013-09-05 13:41:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tor Project Fora Critique 
Tor Project discussion lists have become characterized by a
a tone of dismissiveness, knee-jerkedness, when critiques
are presented. This is pretty common in such fora as they
age and lazy old-timers put down newbies as if a sport,
shooting fish in a barrel, or as in this instance, flogging a
dead horse.
Occasionally, again as in this instance of critiquing Hidden
Services, a thoughtful response is provided rather than a
putdown. The more experienced Tor contributors are not
as susceptible to putdowns as the middling and bottomers,
certainly not as offensive as the Tor Project promoters,
funders and fans.
It would be helpful to distinguish between those who know
onion-routing in depth and those who advocate its use
with what often appears to be primarily public relations and
advertizing disdain toward critics and inquirers.
Reviewing the depth of research at the Naval Research Laboratory
on network security and anonymization indicates that serious
research has been done long before Tor Project appeared.
Three of those researchers are affiliated with Tor Project
and keep it from being dubious flim-flammery in which
posing and pontificating front for technical inexperience.
Tor Project is more like a sales operation for scientific and
engineering endeavors. And in that role it boosts and promotes,
sounding sometimes like snake oil, another overused cliche,
than the skeptical and inquiring research at scientists and
engineers at the NRL.
Tor fora suffer the same consequences as this one, producing
mostly shallow bullshit, mea culpa, with occasional leads for
pursuing offline endeavors requiring much time for lasting
Chat and mail lists, like reader comments and polls, have
become promotional gimmicks, run by PR hustlers with
about as much knowledge of discussion topics as
salespeople usually have.
One clue to unreliability is when a former engineer takes over
sales and deploys promotional hyperbole as the principal
marketing tool on fora, at talks, with speeches, articles,
interviews, fund-raisers, documentaries, books, parties,
conferences, 2P2, F2F, debates, all aimed at dominating
a niche.
In Tor Project's case, propaganda for illusory anonymity
has become its main product, as befits an org established
and funded by the USG for that purpose.
Naval Research Laboratory should not be demeaned to
the level of the all too slick Tor Project. And chattering
on Tor fora should not to be confused with substantial
contributions to helping protect the non-technical public
from technical exploitation by sales and advertising
NSA is far from being alone in this USG-sponsored
dual-use, dual-purpose, duplicity. Layered security
like onion-routing is cloaking how things work with
How Things Work for Dummies.

@_date: 2013-09-03 19:09:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WaPo releases details on US offensive cyber-ops 
An et al asks:
How cyber ops physically take place, the architecture and
engineering of the cyber architecture Snowden alludes to.
Computers and networks are small pieces compared to
where they housed, bunkered, trenched, drowned, aired,
emitted, lofted, arrayed, hidden. Those structures of the
infrastructure are as costly as the human power and
much greater in scope and necessity -- and immensely
targetable thanks to ostentatious appurtenances of antennas,
fences, barriers, sensors, stand-offs, chopper pads,
cafes, health and environmental inspections, power lines
and sub-stations, and not least loose lips of contractors
and disaffected employees.
We know the location of some of the principal offices and
HQs, but those are misleading icons, as much ruses as
as leaked budget tables, congrats for those teasing
leads BTW.
Specifics may be withheld to "protect operations and lives"
but that also leaves out how these systems function beyond
stupidly idiotic slides and dissimulative photoshops, which
may thrill and placate with top classification markings
governmental overseers reading public but are ridiculously
simple-minded to techies who are obliged to seance
dot connections of mouse to LAN to WAN to Internet
to hubs to hotels to White House to SE-WE-ME.
Care to share those kind docs we architects can
de-blueprint for you?

@_date: 2013-09-02 21:49:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Eccentricity: How Hard to Crack a Cryptosystem 
One of the many eccentricities of crypto is speculating on how
long and how much computing power would be needed to crack
a particular cryptosystem, its algorithm or "implementation."
A favorite of popular writing on the topic, it is likely these
claims are pure fiction fabricated to satisfy headlines and
deadlines -- and, as always, to market or rididule a competitor's
piece of shit.
No Wikipedia entry on the phrase "crypto implementation,"
the all-time favorite excuse for the shit's absolute certain failure.
Some examples among hundreds:
No. 1
[No date]
DigiCert's base standard is to use 2048-bit keys in secure SSL certificates - that is enormously stronger than anything Lenstra et al attempted, in fact, it would require factoring a 617-digit number. RSA Labs claim (see:  that 2048-bit keys are 2^32 (2 to the power of 32) times harder to break using NFS, than 1024-bit keys. 2^32 = 4,294,967,296 or almost 4.3 billion, therefore breaking a DigiCert 2048-bit SSL certificate would take about 4.3 billion times longer (using the same standard desktop processing) than doing it for a 1024-bit key. It is therefore estimated, that standard desktop computing power would take 4,294,967,296 x 1.5 million years to break a DigiCert 2048-bit SSL certificate. Or, in other words, a little over 6.4 quadrillion years.
In putting together our video, we estimated the age of the Universe to be 13,751,783,021 years or a little over 13.75 billion years, therefore if you tried to break a DigiCert 2048-bit SSL certificate using a standard modern desktop computer, and you started at the beginning of time, you would have expended 13 billion years of processing by the time you got back to today, and you would still have to repeat that entire process 468,481 times one after the other into our far far distant future before there was a good probability of breaking the certificate. In fact the Universe itself would grow dark before you even got close.
No. 2
How secure is AES against brute force attacks?
Mohit Arora, Sr. Systems Engineer & Security Architect, Freescale Semiconductor
5/7/2012 05:29 PM EDT
Even with a supercomputer, it would take 1 billion billion years to crack the 128-bit AES key using brute force attack. This is more than the age of the universe (13.75 billion years). If one were to assume that a computing system existed that could recover a DES key in a second, it would still take that same machine approximately 149 trillion years to crack a 128-bit AES key.
No. 3
The clock is ticking for encryption
The tidy world of cryptography may be upended by the arrival of quantum computers.
By Lamont Wood
March 21, 2011 06:00 AM ET
Today's encryption algorithms can be broken. Their security derives from the wildly impractical lengths of time it can take to do so.
Let's say you're using a 128-bit AES cipher. The number of possible keys with 128 bits is 2 raised to the power of 128, or 3.4x1038, or 340 undecillion. Assuming no information on the nature of the key is available (such as the fact that the owner likes to use his or her children's birthdays), a code-breaking attempt would require testing each possible key until one was found that worked.
Assuming that enough computing power was amassed to test 1 trillion keys per second, testing all possible keys would take 10.79 quintillion years. This is about 785 million times the age of the visible universe (13.75 billion years). On the other hand, you might get lucky in the first 10 minutes.
But using quantum technology with the same throughput, exhausting the possibilities of a 128-bit AES key would take about six months. If a quantum system had to crack a 256-bit key, it would take about as much time as a conventional computer needs to crack a 128-bit key.
A quantum computer could crack a cipher that uses the RSA or EC algorithms almost immediately.
No. 4
Thanks, XKCD
One of the many eccentricities of crypto is speculating on how
long and how much computing power would be needed to crack
a particular cryptosystem, its algorithm or "implementation."
A favorite of popular writing on the topic, it is likely these
claims are pure fiction fabricated to satisfy headlines and
deadlines -- and, as always, to market or rididule a competitor's
piece of shit.
No Wikipedia entry on the phrase "crypto implementation," the all-time favorite excuse for the shit's absolute certain
Some examples among hundreds:
No. 1
[No date]
DigiCert's base standard is to use 2048-bit keys in secure SSL
certificates - that is enormously stronger than anything Lenstra et al
attempted, in fact, it would require factoring a 617-digit number. RSA
Labs claim (see:  that
2048-bit keys are 2^32 (2 to the power of 32) times harder to break using
NFS, than 1024-bit keys. 2^32 = 4,294,967,296 or almost 4.3 billion,
therefore breaking a DigiCert 2048-bit SSL certificate would take about
4.3 billion times longer (using the same standard desktop processing)
than doing it for a 1024-bit key. It is therefore estimated, that
standard desktop computing power would take 4,294,967,296 x 1.5 million
years to break a DigiCert 2048-bit SSL certificate. Or, in other words, a
little over 6.4 quadrillion years.
In putting together our video, we estimated the age of the Universe to be
13,751,783,021 years or a little over 13.75 billion years, therefore if
you tried to break a DigiCert 2048-bit SSL certificate using a standard
modern desktop computer, and you started at the beginning of time, you
would have expended 13 billion years of processing by the time you got
back to today, and you would still have to repeat that entire process
468,481 times one after the other into our far far distant future before
there was a good probability of breaking the certificate. In fact the
Universe itself would grow dark before you even got close. No. 2
How secure is AES against brute force attacks?
Mohit Arora, Sr. Systems Engineer & Security Architect, Freescale
5/7/2012 05:29 PM EDT
Even with a supercomputer, it would take 1 billion billion years to crack
the 128-bit AES key using brute force attack. This is more than the age
of the universe (13.75 billion years). If one were to assume that a
computing system existed that could recover a DES key in a second, it
would still take that same machine approximately 149 trillion years to
crack a 128-bit AES key.
No. 3
The clock is ticking for encryption
The tidy world of cryptography may be upended by the arrival of quantum
By Lamont Wood
March 21, 2011 06:00 AM ET
Today's encryption algorithms can be broken. Their security derives from
the wildly impractical lengths of time it can take to do so.
Let's say you're using a 128-bit AES cipher. The number of possible keys
with 128 bits is 2 raised to the power of 128, or 3.4x1038, or 340
undecillion. Assuming no information on the nature of the key is
available (such as the fact that the owner likes to use his or her
children's birthdays), a code-breaking attempt would require testing each
possible key until one was found that worked.
Assuming that enough computing power was amassed to test 1 trillion keys
per second, testing all possible keys would take 10.79 quintillion years.
This is about 785 million times the age of the visible universe (13.75
billion years). On the other hand, you might get lucky in the first 10
But using quantum technology with the same throughput, exhausting the
possibilities of a 128-bit AES key would take about six months. If a
quantum system had to crack a 256-bit key, it would take about as much
time as a conventional computer needs to crack a 128-bit key.
A quantum computer could crack a cipher that uses the RSA or EC
algorithms almost immediately.
No. 4

@_date: 2013-09-05 23:56:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] regarding the NSA crypto "breakthrough" 
More words from a non-techie:
David Kahn, James Bamford, Seymour Hersh and quite
a few NSA and other spy types, in particular heads of
agencies, Congress, POTUS. SCOTUS, DoJ, are word
people. So try as they might to match a word account to
the coders and mathematicians, it's pretty well impossible.
And the reverse is true from the techies to the wordies.
Not many hard core cryptographers are persuasive wordies,
so the wordies often run the public show, in the same way
the hard cores runs the labs and hacker blow-outs with
wearable computers and fuzzy PowerPoints of what a
literate person would see as alphanumeric wallpaper.
Keep in mind that even many of the reputable tech reporters
are not all that techie but are adept at using words lifted
from tech drunken orgies. Same in my field of archtecture:
the highly literate architectural critics know squat of the
down and dirty but excell at reaching the public with
artfully simulated accounts burnishing reputations of
marketable greatness.
In the case of NSA, be damn sure that all its heads
knew or know squat about NSA deep tech so they are
suited to move the product in blissful ignorance to
customers of similar know-not. Michael Hayden and Keith
Alexander are perfect for using vapid words to persuade
non-techies as little truth as possible is just fine.
Back to the latest failure to reveal technical docs.
Those who know what's important about them
are not likely to tell journalists that, may be incapable
of doing so in a way that journalists can apply
their vaunted skepticism of sources -- using word
skills of truthiness. So what is transferred are
narratives, stories, rhetoric, bombast, in lieu of
technical specs, math, algorithms, fabrication
drawings, chemical and electrical formulations,
doses of EM and anti-EM just precisely zapped
to the nano-fullerine /->^256/1029: the myrrh and
honey of technies, sleep-eeze to the wordies
who yawn is that a go or no go to slick brochure
"Breakthrough" is PR, which might suggest quotation
marks around all the NSA revelations -- so far. A long
shot that technical docs will be leaked inadvertently,
maybe left as digital debris inside one of the PowerPoint
files put on a reused thumb drive and recoverable
in a filthy techie lab. I think Ross Anderson could siphon
and decipher that compromising junk in a flash.
Ross is pretty good at no-nonsense English too.

@_date: 2013-09-05 23:56:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] regarding the NSA crypto "breakthrough" 
More words from a non-techie:
David Kahn, James Bamford, Seymour Hersh and quite
a few NSA and other spy types, in particular heads of
agencies, Congress, POTUS. SCOTUS, DoJ, are word
people. So try as they might to match a word account to
the coders and mathematicians, it's pretty well impossible.
And the reverse is true from the techies to the wordies.
Not many hard core cryptographers are persuasive wordies,
so the wordies often run the public show, in the same way
the hard cores runs the labs and hacker blow-outs with
wearable computers and fuzzy PowerPoints of what a
literate person would see as alphanumeric wallpaper.
Keep in mind that even many of the reputable tech reporters
are not all that techie but are adept at using words lifted
from tech drunken orgies. Same in my field of archtecture:
the highly literate architectural critics know squat of the
down and dirty but excell at reaching the public with
artfully simulated accounts burnishing reputations of
marketable greatness.
In the case of NSA, be damn sure that all its heads
knew or know squat about NSA deep tech so they are
suited to move the product in blissful ignorance to
customers of similar know-not. Michael Hayden and Keith
Alexander are perfect for using vapid words to persuade
non-techies as little truth as possible is just fine.
Back to the latest failure to reveal technical docs.
Those who know what's important about them
are not likely to tell journalists that, may be incapable
of doing so in a way that journalists can apply
their vaunted skepticism of sources -- using word
skills of truthiness. So what is transferred are
narratives, stories, rhetoric, bombast, in lieu of
technical specs, math, algorithms, fabrication
drawings, chemical and electrical formulations,
doses of EM and anti-EM just precisely zapped
to the nano-fullerine /->^256/1029: the myrrh and
honey of technies, sleep-eeze to the wordies
who yawn is that a go or no go to slick brochure
"Breakthrough" is PR, which might suggest quotation
marks around all the NSA revelations -- so far. A long
shot that technical docs will be leaked inadvertently,
maybe left as digital debris inside one of the PowerPoint
files put on a reused thumb drive and recoverable
in a filthy techie lab. I think Ross Anderson could siphon
and decipher that compromising junk in a flash.
Ross is pretty good at no-nonsense English too.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-06 08:43:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Bruce Schneier on BULLRUN and related NSA programs 
Thanks for this pointer which leads to Schneier's two reports
in the Guardian about cooperating with Greenwald.
As head of BT security it is hard to believe that Schneier did not
know about BT's covert cooperation with GCHQ and NSA.
His NDA with BT would likely prevent disclosing that knowledge
along with protection of his vaunted rep as an incorruptible FOI
Similarly with other notable comsec wizards, the duplicity of
NSA and GCHQ should not be a surprise unless pretense of
surprise is part of the highly rewarding covert cooperation.
Cryptographers are of necessity shady operators, the louder
they profess trustworthiness the more likely not, NSA and
GCHQ role models and dispensers of lucre the role model.
I seem to recall that there is an inverse relationship between
advertized trust and deserved. Modest and quiet cryptographers
have superior ethics over word artists. So a good match
between commercially successful essayists Schneier and
Greenwald. Let the haughty rhetoric gush.
And as Schneier blogs, wise to keep secrets in their pocket(book)s.
And as he demurs to the Guardian and others on why not
release all the Snowden docs, presumably the docs need careful
vetting to prevent embarassing disclosures of duplicity of
media and comsec wizards, a tradition as old as comsec.
Schneier's aptly revealing humor about crypto weakness:
it's never the math, its the agents of the code.

@_date: 2013-09-06 08:43:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Bruce Schneier on BULLRUN and related NSA programs 
Thanks for this pointer which leads to Schneier's two reports
in the Guardian about cooperating with Greenwald.
As head of BT security it is hard to believe that Schneier did not
know about BT's covert cooperation with GCHQ and NSA.
His NDA with BT would likely prevent disclosing that knowledge
along with protection of his vaunted rep as an incorruptible FOI
Similarly with other notable comsec wizards, the duplicity of
NSA and GCHQ should not be a surprise unless pretense of
surprise is part of the highly rewarding covert cooperation.
Cryptographers are of necessity shady operators, the louder
they profess trustworthiness the more likely not, NSA and
GCHQ role models and dispensers of lucre the role model.
I seem to recall that there is an inverse relationship between
advertized trust and deserved. Modest and quiet cryptographers
have superior ethics over word artists. So a good match
between commercially successful essayists Schneier and
Greenwald. Let the haughty rhetoric gush.
And as Schneier blogs, wise to keep secrets in their pocket(book)s.
And as he demurs to the Guardian and others on why not
release all the Snowden docs, presumably the docs need careful
vetting to prevent embarassing disclosures of duplicity of
media and comsec wizards, a tradition as old as comsec.
Schneier's aptly revealing humor about crypto weakness:
it's never the math, its the agents of the code.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-06 11:14:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Matthew Green: An understated response to the NSA and unidentifed friends treachery 
An understated response to the NSA and unidentifed friends treachery:
More of these expected, many. But who knows, as Green says,
all could go back to swell comsec business as usual.

@_date: 2013-09-06 11:14:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Matthew Green: An understated response to the NSA and unidentifed friends treachery 
An understated response to the NSA and unidentifed friends treachery:
More of these expected, many. But who knows, as Green says,
all could go back to swell comsec business as usual.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-08 13:12:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Political Cypherpunks Trumps Apolitical Cryptography 
What is striking about discussion on the two cryptography mail
lists, both set up to minimize discussing political and social
issues to avoid cypherpunks acceptance of them, is the
tentative reconsideration of those issues due to Snowden's
revelations, miniscule as they are.
Notable among those raising the political threat are those
who disdained the issue on cypherpunks and stomped off
to set up alternatives ham-handedly moderated to cease
and desist the "off-topic."
A few now say, bray more like it, NSA has betrayed us
through political manipulation of officials and the public,
and that is an important point which often came up on
cypherpunks and still does, with somewhat less
complaining about it.
For Snowden has shown the political has won out over
the technical, and the technicals are fraught with what to
do about it, and much fingerpointing is going on along with
a few claims of having forewarned this betrayal would
happen. No moderation yet has shut down this "off-topic."
But much gumming and gnawing of the futility of technical
means against the vulgar political.
What has been shown in the discussion is that the
technical wizards are not nearly as competent at the
messy political as they are at technical sophistication.
The resulting conversation is a mish-mash of fairly
high level technical discourse interleaved with fairly
clumsy political opinionating. So technical clubs
are being swung to answer political jabs, that is
petty squabblling and exchange of slurs has replaced
rational discourse. Thus the convo has become
politicized with as much stupidity and ignorance
as sharp thinking and mutual respect.
NSA and its bosses would be happy if this became
the norm in cryptography as in the real world. And some
opine that this outcome is being, and has been in the
past, and will be in the future, orchestrated for just
that result.
That sounds like what cypherpunks was set up
to combat, the withdrawal from politcial affairs into
safe sanctuary of infallible mathematics coated with
unending challengences to implement illusory
protection from political mayhem. So it has come
to pass, there is no refuge from politics, and the once
reviled tin-hats of conspiracy theories are replacing
anomymous masks, especially by the best and brightest
cryptographers who have been hoodwinked far more
than dreamed of in earliest days of cypherpunks.
Still, there are die-hard PR-driven comsec experts
rolling out advice for what to do to protect the public --
meaning, cynically protecting their severely damaged
reputation of "concern for the public interest (R)".
Not yet willing to admit losing the comsec and privacy
war so avidly promoted with HTTPS, SSL, PGP, PFS,
OTR, Tor, on and on, they continue to hustle comsec
customers with promises of here's what we have got
to do, take it from us experienced veterans (read my
remarks, hear my TV interviews, read my messages
on cryptography, gorge on recyclings on Slashdot,
Twitter, Reddit, Voice of America, EFF. Guardian,
New York Times, ProPublica, ACLU, EPIC, on and
Lo, special prosecute NSA, take it to the courts, a
tired political gambit for media semaphoring, fund
raising, conceding technical defeat and begging
political rescue by what's that you say, account
churning lawyers, political lobbyists and journalistic
That is so obnoxious, murmurs the cryptography mail
lists, so opportunistically off-topic, moderator do your
censoring, let's get back to the good stuff. Despite
the murmurrings there recurs calls for "cut the cowardly
shit, let's fight." One guess who said that.

@_date: 2013-09-21 15:43:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Fwd: Firefox OS with built in support for OpenPGP encryption 
Bear in mind that most spying is not done by TLAs but by
commerce, contractors, orgs, edus, religions, hackers,
entreprenuers, comsec peddlers, criminals and venal
individuals. Against these lightly- or un-regulated swarming,
ubiquitous data harvesters encryption and anonymization
is essential. Not least because they sell data to the TLAs
without the pretense of regulation aimed at limiting official
spying which serves as a diverting cloak for the other
kinds who join the far greater crowd fingerpointing away
from themselves.
One of the greatest online deceptions are privacy policies,
along with nefarious log files and other management tools,
tricks, traps, con-jobs, built into every digital enterprise,
defended as necessary for sysadmining and protecting
the democracy, the internet, the people. Far worse duplicity
than official propaganda which, no surprise, copies the
unofficial practices as advised by self-serving advisory
boards and consultants from com, org, edu, religion,
individual, criminals, the lot.
Best way to spot a duplicity expert is to gander a
cryptographer or a proponent of ubiquitous encryption
anonymization and privacy. These stalwarts work
both sides for MITM rewards.
Which is why these lists are predominately popluated
by leeches with a few newbies looking for mentors.
This has always been the case, not new with digital

@_date: 2013-09-25 14:11:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Unbreakable Cipher 
NSA Technical Journal published "The Unbreakable Cipher" in Spring 1961.
David Kahn, "Lyen Otuu Wllwgh WI Etjown" pp. 71, 83, 84, 86,
88 and 90 of the New York Times Magazine November 13, 1960
says that an unbreakable cipher system can be made from one
time key "that is absolutely random and never repeats."  ...
For each cipher system there is an upper bound to the amount of
traffic it can protect against cryptanalytic attack. What is
"cryptanalytic attack"? It is a process applied to cipher text
in order to extract information, especially information
contained in the messages and intended to be kept secret.
If some of the information is gotten by other means and this
results in more being extracted from the cipher, this is (at
least partially) a successful attack. If certain phrases can be
recognized when they are present, this is successful cryptanalysis.
If a priori probabilities on possible contents are altered by
examination of the cipher, this is cryptanalytic progress.
If in making trial decipherments it is possible to pick out
the correct one then cryptanalysis is successful. ...
Another example is that of Mr. Kahn, one-time key. Here the
limit is quite clear; it is the amount of key on hand. The key arrives
in finite "messages," so there is only a finite amount on hand at
anyone time, and this limits the amount of traffic which can be sent
securely. Of course another shipment of key raises this bound, but
technically another cipher system is now in effect, for by my
definition a cipher system is a message. A sequence of messages
is a sequence of cipher systems, related perhaps, but not the same. ...
[Answer to the question:] "Does there exist an unbreakable cipher"
would be this, "Every cipher is breakable, given enough traffic, and
every cipher is unbreakable, if the traffic volume is restricted
[End quote]
Is this conclusion still valid? If so, what could be done to restrict traffic
volume to assure unbreakablility? And how to sufficiently test that.
Presuming that NSA and cohorts have investigated this effect. NSA Technical Journal published "The Unbreakable Cipher" in
Spring 1961. David Kahn, "Lyen Otuu Wllwgh WI Etjown" pp. 71, 83, 84,
88 and 90 of the New York Times Magazine November 13, 1960
says that an unbreakable cipher system can be made from one time key "that is absolutely random and never repeats."
For each cipher system there is an upper bound to the amount of traffic it can protect against cryptanalytic attack. What is "cryptanalytic attack"? It is a process applied to cipher text
in order to extract information, especially information contained in the messages and intended to be kept secret. If some of the information is gotten by other means and this results in more being extracted from the cipher, this is (at
least partially) a successful attack. If certain phrases can be recognized when they are present, this is successful cryptanalysis. If a priori probabilities on possible contents are altered by examination of the cipher, this is cryptanalytic progress. If in making trial decipherments it is possible to pick out the correct one then cryptanalysis is successful. ...
Another example is that of Mr. Kahn, one-time key. Here the
limit is quite clear; it is the amount of key on hand. The key
in finite "messages," so there is only a finite amount on hand
anyone time, and this limits the amount of traffic which can be sent
securely. Of course another shipment of key raises this bound, but
technically another cipher system is now in effect, for by my definition a cipher system is a message. A sequence of messages is a sequence of cipher systems, related perhaps, but not the same.
[Answer to the question:] "Does there exist an unbreakable
cipher" would be this, "Every cipher is breakable, given enough traffic, and
every cipher is unbreakable, if the traffic volume is restricted
[End quote]
Is this conclusion still valid? If so, what could be done to restrict
volume to assure unbreakablility? And how to sufficiently test that.
Presuming that NSA and cohorts have investigated this effect.

@_date: 2013-09-25 14:11:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] The Unbreakable Cipher 
NSA Technical Journal published "The Unbreakable Cipher" in Spring 1961.
David Kahn, "Lyen Otuu Wllwgh WI Etjown" pp. 71, 83, 84, 86,
88 and 90 of the New York Times Magazine November 13, 1960
says that an unbreakable cipher system can be made from one
time key "that is absolutely random and never repeats."  ...
For each cipher system there is an upper bound to the amount of
traffic it can protect against cryptanalytic attack. What is
"cryptanalytic attack"? It is a process applied to cipher text
in order to extract information, especially information
contained in the messages and intended to be kept secret.
If some of the information is gotten by other means and this
results in more being extracted from the cipher, this is (at
least partially) a successful attack. If certain phrases can be
recognized when they are present, this is successful cryptanalysis.
If a priori probabilities on possible contents are altered by
examination of the cipher, this is cryptanalytic progress.
If in making trial decipherments it is possible to pick out
the correct one then cryptanalysis is successful. ...
Another example is that of Mr. Kahn, one-time key. Here the
limit is quite clear; it is the amount of key on hand. The key arrives
in finite "messages," so there is only a finite amount on hand at
anyone time, and this limits the amount of traffic which can be sent
securely. Of course another shipment of key raises this bound, but
technically another cipher system is now in effect, for by my
definition a cipher system is a message. A sequence of messages
is a sequence of cipher systems, related perhaps, but not the same. ...
[Answer to the question:] "Does there exist an unbreakable cipher"
would be this, "Every cipher is breakable, given enough traffic, and
every cipher is unbreakable, if the traffic volume is restricted
[End quote]
Is this conclusion still valid? If so, what could be done to restrict traffic
volume to assure unbreakablility? And how to sufficiently test that.
Presuming that NSA and cohorts have investigated this effect. NSA Technical Journal published "The Unbreakable Cipher" in
Spring 1961. David Kahn, "Lyen Otuu Wllwgh WI Etjown" pp. 71, 83, 84,
88 and 90 of the New York Times Magazine November 13, 1960
says that an unbreakable cipher system can be made from one time key "that is absolutely random and never repeats."
For each cipher system there is an upper bound to the amount of traffic it can protect against cryptanalytic attack. What is "cryptanalytic attack"? It is a process applied to cipher text
in order to extract information, especially information contained in the messages and intended to be kept secret. If some of the information is gotten by other means and this results in more being extracted from the cipher, this is (at
least partially) a successful attack. If certain phrases can be recognized when they are present, this is successful cryptanalysis. If a priori probabilities on possible contents are altered by examination of the cipher, this is cryptanalytic progress. If in making trial decipherments it is possible to pick out the correct one then cryptanalysis is successful. ...
Another example is that of Mr. Kahn, one-time key. Here the
limit is quite clear; it is the amount of key on hand. The key
in finite "messages," so there is only a finite amount on hand
anyone time, and this limits the amount of traffic which can be sent
securely. Of course another shipment of key raises this bound, but
technically another cipher system is now in effect, for by my definition a cipher system is a message. A sequence of messages is a sequence of cipher systems, related perhaps, but not the same.
[Answer to the question:] "Does there exist an unbreakable
cipher" would be this, "Every cipher is breakable, given enough traffic, and
every cipher is unbreakable, if the traffic volume is restricted
[End quote]
Is this conclusion still valid? If so, what could be done to restrict
volume to assure unbreakablility? And how to sufficiently test that.
Presuming that NSA and cohorts have investigated this effect.

@_date: 2013-09-26 12:10:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
An NSA technical report says a unit was set up in Bell Laboratories
over 50 years ago to research fledgling ideas which the over-militarized
NSA staff didn't have time or skill to look into. So it was done at Bell,
IBM, MIT, Philco, NCR, RCA, and ilk, back then and as now with
today's iconized coms, orgs and edus. Inside of which, then and
now, are the cypherpunks playing chess with suits and slicks,
manipulating the infrastructure to generate exploits the suits
can't, or don't want, to care about so long as quarterlies are
Calling upon the sagacity of this forum the question might
be answered as you say by developing ways to piggy-back,
rig, boot-leg, twist and turn switches and valves, to swipe
a little bit of the infrastructure pipelines to use for less
controlled purposes. Whatever the infrastructure is,
internet, EM spectrum, radio, laser, cable, optics, farts,
prayer. Whatever happened to hunches and gut feelings
as cover for IP theft and lucky accidents.
Pilfering by insiders sold or shared off the market has
an ancient history, Snowdens galore forever, the mothers
of invention and payback to suits sucking blood of labor.
Now then, cough, cough, suppose the internet will continue
to be the comms medium of choice for citizens and consumers
and their besuited gang of exploiters. Workarounds to exploit
the exploiters will flower by avid hackers multiplying like rabbits
inside and outside the hegemons. What else besides that
healthy pilfering industry which happily generates profits
for hackers and cypherpunks to set up their own exploiting
As might have been asked before the internet, before telecoms,
before radio, before drums and smoke and yodel and grunts
and skull banging. What are lab rats doing when not angling
for scale-up capital? Nothing commercial, hopefully, nothing
worth feeding to John Markoff, to Glenn Greenwald, to WikiLeaks,
to vultures. Probably not worth this all too open call for hot
shit swapping.

@_date: 2013-09-26 12:10:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
An NSA technical report says a unit was set up in Bell Laboratories
over 50 years ago to research fledgling ideas which the over-militarized
NSA staff didn't have time or skill to look into. So it was done at Bell,
IBM, MIT, Philco, NCR, RCA, and ilk, back then and as now with
today's iconized coms, orgs and edus. Inside of which, then and
now, are the cypherpunks playing chess with suits and slicks,
manipulating the infrastructure to generate exploits the suits
can't, or don't want, to care about so long as quarterlies are
Calling upon the sagacity of this forum the question might
be answered as you say by developing ways to piggy-back,
rig, boot-leg, twist and turn switches and valves, to swipe
a little bit of the infrastructure pipelines to use for less
controlled purposes. Whatever the infrastructure is,
internet, EM spectrum, radio, laser, cable, optics, farts,
prayer. Whatever happened to hunches and gut feelings
as cover for IP theft and lucky accidents.
Pilfering by insiders sold or shared off the market has
an ancient history, Snowdens galore forever, the mothers
of invention and payback to suits sucking blood of labor.
Now then, cough, cough, suppose the internet will continue
to be the comms medium of choice for citizens and consumers
and their besuited gang of exploiters. Workarounds to exploit
the exploiters will flower by avid hackers multiplying like rabbits
inside and outside the hegemons. What else besides that
healthy pilfering industry which happily generates profits
for hackers and cypherpunks to set up their own exploiting
As might have been asked before the internet, before telecoms,
before radio, before drums and smoke and yodel and grunts
and skull banging. What are lab rats doing when not angling
for scale-up capital? Nothing commercial, hopefully, nothing
worth feeding to John Markoff, to Glenn Greenwald, to WikiLeaks,
to vultures. Probably not worth this all too open call for hot
shit swapping.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-25 21:28:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The Compromised Internet 
Yes, I understand some of these, maybe all, are used for mil-gov-spy
communications, likely in pretty advanced versions, and long in use
before and with the internet. But not for high-value comsec of the
present era.
Mil-gov-spy use of and spying on the internet and commercial-grade
encryption, https and the like, for low-value communications should
indicate much better and more varied means are used for high-value.
Smil, intelnet, nsanet, and other intra-IC networks are minimally secure,
advertised and touted on internet outlets, thus typical fat food for
foodies at lower levels of clearance.
Commercial-grade comsec, which is all the public has have access to,
appears tailored by standards setting and selective crypto competitons to
convince of reliability. Openness promoted as a seal of approval.
Fine propaganda that. Now what about what is not known openly. Well,
that is what's below Snowden's tip of the iceberg slides, papers and
briefings. Where's the hardware specs?

@_date: 2013-09-25 21:28:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
Yes, I understand some of these, maybe all, are used for mil-gov-spy
communications, likely in pretty advanced versions, and long in use
before and with the internet. But not for high-value comsec of the
present era.
Mil-gov-spy use of and spying on the internet and commercial-grade
encryption, https and the like, for low-value communications should
indicate much better and more varied means are used for high-value.
Smil, intelnet, nsanet, and other intra-IC networks are minimally secure,
advertised and touted on internet outlets, thus typical fat food for
foodies at lower levels of clearance.
Commercial-grade comsec, which is all the public has have access to,
appears tailored by standards setting and selective crypto competitons to
convince of reliability. Openness promoted as a seal of approval.
Fine propaganda that. Now what about what is not known openly. Well,
that is what's below Snowden's tip of the iceberg slides, papers and
briefings. Where's the hardware specs? cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-25 21:07:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The Compromised Internet 
Yes, along those lines. Free of the totally seductively entrapping
internet and monomanical PK promiscuity.
The slew of innovations to milk the internet and crypto are way
stations toward surpassing vulns of both used in concert. Both
mutually delude. Each might lead to better alone, paired with
different and less familiar means.

@_date: 2013-09-25 21:07:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
Yes, along those lines. Free of the totally seductively entrapping
internet and monomanical PK promiscuity.
The slew of innovations to milk the internet and crypto are way
stations toward surpassing vulns of both used in concert. Both
mutually delude. Each might lead to better alone, paired with
different and less familiar means.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-25 21:02:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
> What threat are you trying to prevent that isn't already solved
 > by the use of cryptography alone?
Transceiver vulnerabilities of the Internet, seemingly inherently
insecure by design. So looking for possibilities of moving encrypted
goods by other means not betrayed by faulty shipment and addled
by ubiquity and familiarity.
Not that that is original by any stretch, wizards are jawing about
a new internet, secure by design. May take a while, so workarounds
of the present piece of carrion might be useful.
Not to overlook a new-fangled Snowden loosening the controls
of comsec technology beyond his and our PK-packet-tech era
So beyond mathematically-enthroned encryption what lies awaiting
disclosure. Oldies might suffice if dutifully studied and elaborted.
Thus the reference to NSA's backroom of pre-internet-PK comsec
tech which could be in the forefront, cutting/bleeding edge.

@_date: 2013-09-25 21:02:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
> What threat are you trying to prevent that isn't already solved
 > by the use of cryptography alone?
Transceiver vulnerabilities of the Internet, seemingly inherently
insecure by design. So looking for possibilities of moving encrypted
goods by other means not betrayed by faulty shipment and addled
by ubiquity and familiarity.
Not that that is original by any stretch, wizards are jawing about
a new internet, secure by design. May take a while, so workarounds
of the present piece of carrion might be useful.
Not to overlook a new-fangled Snowden loosening the controls
of comsec technology beyond his and our PK-packet-tech era
So beyond mathematically-enthroned encryption what lies awaiting
disclosure. Oldies might suffice if dutifully studied and elaborted.
Thus the reference to NSA's backroom of pre-internet-PK comsec
tech which could be in the forefront, cutting/bleeding edge.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-25 20:07:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Compromised Internet 
Now that it appears the Internet is compromised what other
means can rapidly deliver tiny fragments of an encrypted
message, each unique for transmission, then reassembled
upon receipt, kind of like packets but much smaller and less
predictable, dare say random?
The legacy transceiver technologies prior to the Internet or
developed parallel to it, burst via radio, microwave, EM emanations,
laser, ELF, moon or planetary bounce, spread spectrum, ELF,
hydro, olfactory, quanta, and the like.
Presumably if these are possible they will remain classified, kept
in research labs for advanced study, or shelved for future use.
Quite a few are hinted at, redacted and partially described in
NSA technical publications from 25-50 or so years ago. Many
developed for military use and the best never shared with the
A skeptic might suppose the internet was invented and promoted as
a diversion along with public-use digital cryptography. This ruse
has led to immense growth in transmission-breakable ciphers
as well as vulnerable transceivers. Packet techology could hardly
be surpased for tappability as Snowden and cohorts disclose the
tip of the iceberg. Ironically, the cohorts believe encryption protects
their communications, conceals his location and cloaks the

@_date: 2013-09-25 20:07:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
Now that it appears the Internet is compromised what other
means can rapidly deliver tiny fragments of an encrypted
message, each unique for transmission, then reassembled
upon receipt, kind of like packets but much smaller and less
predictable, dare say random?
The legacy transceiver technologies prior to the Internet or
developed parallel to it, burst via radio, microwave, EM emanations,
laser, ELF, moon or planetary bounce, spread spectrum, ELF,
hydro, olfactory, quanta, and the like.
Presumably if these are possible they will remain classified, kept
in research labs for advanced study, or shelved for future use.
Quite a few are hinted at, redacted and partially described in
NSA technical publications from 25-50 or so years ago. Many
developed for military use and the best never shared with the
A skeptic might suppose the internet was invented and promoted as
a diversion along with public-use digital cryptography. This ruse
has led to immense growth in transmission-breakable ciphers
as well as vulnerable transceivers. Packet techology could hardly
be surpased for tappability as Snowden and cohorts disclose the
tip of the iceberg. Ironically, the cohorts believe encryption protects
their communications, conceals his location and cloaks the
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-29 13:43:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA IDA Cryptological Research Centers 
The Institute for Defense Analyses, based in Alexandria, VA,
is a 50-year partner of NSA. It has two Centers for Communications
Research at Princeton, NJ, and La Jolla, CA, both doing cryptological
research for NSA:
The latter's web site lists only this offering:
La Jolla Covering Repository
A (v,k,t)-covering design is a collection of k-element subsets, called blocks, of {1,2,...,v}, such that any t-element subset is contained in at least one block.  This site contains a collection of good (v,k,t)-coverings. Each of these coverings gives an upper bound for the corresponding C(v,k,t), the smallest possible number of blocks in such a covering design.
The limit for coverings is v<100, k<=25, and t<=8 just to draw the line somewhere. Only coverings with at most 100000 blocks are given, except for some which were grandfathered in. Some Steiner systems (coverings in which every t-set is covered exactly once) which are too big for the database will be included in the link below.
What is "covering" and how does it related to cryptology?
Eyeballs of the two centers:
 The Institute for Defense Analyses, based in Alexandria, VA,
is a 50-year partner of NSA. It has two Centers for Communications Research at Princeton, NJ, and La Jolla, CA, both doing cryptological
research for NSA:
The latter's web site lists only this offering:
La Jolla Covering RepositoryA (v,k,t)-covering design is
a collection of k-element subsets, called blocks, of {1,2,...,v}, such
that any t-element subset is contained in at least one block. This
site contains a collection of good (v,k,t)-coverings. Each of
these coverings gives an upper bound for the corresponding
C(v,k,t), the smallest possible number of blocks in such a
covering design. The limit for coverings is v<100, k<=25, and
t<=8 just to draw the line somewhere. Only coverings with at
most 100000 blocks are given, except for some which were grandfathered
in. Some Steiner systems (coverings in which every t-set is covered
exactly once) which are too big for the database will be included in the
link below. What is "covering" and how does it related to
Eyeballs of the two centers:

@_date: 2013-09-29 13:43:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA IDA Cryptological Research Centers 
The Institute for Defense Analyses, based in Alexandria, VA,
is a 50-year partner of NSA. It has two Centers for Communications
Research at Princeton, NJ, and La Jolla, CA, both doing cryptological
research for NSA:
The latter's web site lists only this offering:
La Jolla Covering Repository
A (v,k,t)-covering design is a collection of k-element subsets, called blocks, of {1,2,...,v}, such that any t-element subset is contained in at least one block.  This site contains a collection of good (v,k,t)-coverings. Each of these coverings gives an upper bound for the corresponding C(v,k,t), the smallest possible number of blocks in such a covering design.
The limit for coverings is v<100, k<=25, and t<=8 just to draw the line somewhere. Only coverings with at most 100000 blocks are given, except for some which were grandfathered in. Some Steiner systems (coverings in which every t-set is covered exactly once) which are too big for the database will be included in the link below.
What is "covering" and how does it related to cryptology?
Eyeballs of the two centers:
 The Institute for Defense Analyses, based in Alexandria, VA,
is a 50-year partner of NSA. It has two Centers for Communications Research at Princeton, NJ, and La Jolla, CA, both doing cryptological
research for NSA:
The latter's web site lists only this offering:
La Jolla Covering RepositoryA (v,k,t)-covering design is
a collection of k-element subsets, called blocks, of {1,2,...,v}, such
that any t-element subset is contained in at least one block. This
site contains a collection of good (v,k,t)-coverings. Each of
these coverings gives an upper bound for the corresponding
C(v,k,t), the smallest possible number of blocks in such a
covering design. The limit for coverings is v<100, k<=25, and
t<=8 just to draw the line somewhere. Only coverings with at
most 100000 blocks are given, except for some which were grandfathered
in. Some Steiner systems (coverings in which every t-set is covered
exactly once) which are too big for the database will be included in the
link below. What is "covering" and how does it related to
Eyeballs of the two centers:

@_date: 2013-09-04 14:51:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
Still, it is not easy knowing who is who when they play the
same game using the same strategies, moves, gambits,
ploys, feints, struts, deceptions. This mirroring of the opposition
is a long tradition of authorities, their covert agents and
provocateurs manipulating their citizenry, consumers, fans,
doling out manufactured information.
No doubt the game advances the interests of all the games players
so long as they follow their agreed upon rules and cheat very
carefully. We may admire their skill and daring and triumphs but
the rules state we are not qualified to be the players, that requires
ranking by authorities of the game.
Assange was once not a player, studied hard, watched the masters,
now he is surrounded by grand masterful players and reaps the
rewards of fame, acclaim, and happily the monetary prizes, to
be sure spending a lot of that on lawyers and promoters. So
it goes.
Meanwhile there is a need for more undoctored documents
for the newbies and bystanders angling for a chance, for
consumers to see what happens offstage, how vetting and
redacting, parceling and censoring is done.
But Assange and cohorts have become secretive about the
WikiLeaks operation and apparently (who knows) hidden
stashes of income, in concert with the practices of secretkeepers
of all stripes.
And not least WL engages in defamation to an almost hysterical
extent that suggests much to hide, again mirroring authoritarian
shilling. Promoting adversarialism is ancient theocracy where
only priests play the game they rig.
Let us all play, unmedicated by reputation-mongering tradecraft
of TV, news, advertizing, limited access to documentation and
overload of "if you knew what we know, trust us" pulp fiction.
Still, it is not easy knowing who is who when they play the
same game using the same strategies, moves, gambits,
ploys, feints, struts, deceptions. This mirroring of the opposition
is a long tradition of authorities, their covert agents and provocateurs manipulating their citizenry, consumers, fans, doling out manufactured information.
No doubt the game advances the interests of all the games players
so long as they follow their agreed upon rules and cheat very
carefully. We may admire their skill and daring and triumphs but the rules state we are not qualified to be the players, that
ranking by authorities of the game.
Assange was once not a player, studied hard, watched the masters,
now he is surrounded by grand masterful players and reaps the
rewards of fame, acclaim, and happily the monetary prizes, to
be sure spending a lot of that on lawyers and promoters. So
it goes.
Meanwhile there is a need for more undoctored documents
for the newbies and bystanders angling for a chance, for consumers to see what happens offstage, how vetting and redacting, parceling and censoring is done. But Assange and cohorts have become secretive about the
WikiLeaks operation and apparently (who knows) hidden stashes of income, in concert with the practices of secretkeepers of all stripes.
And not least WL engages in defamation to an almost hysterical
extent that suggests much to hide, again mirroring authoritarian shilling. Promoting adversarialism is ancient theocracy where
only priests play the game they rig.
Let us all play, unmedicated by reputation-mongering tradecraft of TV, news, advertizing, limited access to documentation and overload of "if you knew what we know, trust us" pulp
2013/9/4 John Young
The Snowden material needs an untethered, unchoked,
and unmarionetted leaker not more commercial journalism
dribbling what, unforntunately has become common in the
"era of WikiLeaks journalism," is disinfo. And implies
prospect of complicity with authorities under rigging of
privileged journalism and coddled D-Noticers.
You could say playing games is what politicians do. But not playing the
games means you get no game. Assange does explicitly, publicly and
knowingly play games. He knows they work. Had all the documents been
published unedited there would be a single headline in every
Now there's thousands. Every week it's hammered upon. We see people
claiming "Oh, see, the NSA said something to make it okay, and I
think it actually is!" only to be stomped by the next headline
showing it was definitely not okay. This releasing scheme is a very, very
good match for the current journalistic reality.
Given Assange seems to be pretty well on the side of civil liberty,
freedom and power, I think he's doing a rather good

@_date: 2013-09-04 11:00:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
This is the achilles heel of the Snowden drop. PowerPoint,
Photoshop and redactions coutured in editorial elaboration of
documents not revealed is exactly what officials do to
spin material and manipulate the public.
The Snowden material needs an untethered, unchoked,
and unmarionetted leaker not more commercial journalism
dribbling what, unforntunately has become common in the
"era of WikiLeaks journalism," is disinfo. And implies the
prospect of complicity with authorities under rigging of
privileged journalism and coddled D-Noticers.
The Guardian has belatedly confessed to that. And WaPo
and the NYT have they have and will vet Snowden material
with the USG before release. Which suggests cotinuation
of a lot more editorial elaboration, TV garavitasing, bowdlerized
reports and articles, Dough-Boy books, Op X films, primly
steriolized documentaries. In effect, a propaganda push
right out of the 1950s through the 2010s configured for
cyberwar coldwar. Manchurian Assange, Manning, Snowden
featured a la Zizek in the Guardian yesterday.
Little crypto will be revealed, except misleading urge
to use it as Snowden has done, instead much fancified
metadata -- not to overlook the metaphysics of hyping
entertaining leakage, now a booming culture of deceit
continuing the cult of spy fiction began in days of
Art of War.

@_date: 2013-09-27 12:47:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA recommends against use of its own products. 
There was a time when non-official crypto wizards recommended:
 From best to worst:
1. Roll your own, keep it quiet, change it often, monetize as a
last resort before a cheated partner cuts your throat.
2. Avoid commercial giants most inevitably in bed with officials
to screw users mercilessly laughing on the way to SWIFT.
3. Avoid products of the most powerful nations and their satellites
and gangsters bypassing export controls in service to those
very nations' covert armaments-economic policies.
4. Avoid any widely touted, admired, promoted as the best due
to long history of dupery by this magic bullet.
5. Use off-market, black market, deep web, blacknet, onionized,
layered, piggy-backed, scatalogically provened reliable based
on total avoidance of the many hegemons working the cypto
fleece terrain, expect to be reamed, dosed and sausaged.
6. Go back to No. 1, repeat, daily, hourly, minutely, pause,
wonder is this nuts, pound delete, backspace, esc, ctrl-alt-del,
smash the EENT device.
7. Pick nose, ear, tooth, scratch crotch, hmm, scratch some
more, log onto revenge porn, spot your ex-partner leaking
your perfect privacy prophylactic.

@_date: 2013-09-03 23:04:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Safest exit country? 
Look for gaps in global and national systems. Where there
is limited or no services. Rig a temporary hook-up, move
often, spread chaff, wipe traces.
Review ham radio history of legal and illegal provenance,
bootlegged and boot-strapped comms systems, illegal
systems which subversively tap into legal systems, short
and long-term.
Study favelas, ghettos, urban poverty rigs, ingenuity-led
poor countries, irrational rogue states, uncontrollable
mavericks, misfits and outlaws, rebels, and huge
variety of criminals, white, blue, pink, T-shirt collared.
Study covert operations of many kinds and histories. They
are a great many of them, past, present and future, all
"under the radar," more or less, but who knows for sure.
Avoid advanced countries who are manifestly in favor
of ubiquitous spying at home and in other countries;
their spies work in concert and in opposition but above
all else hate spylessness and avidly work to infect the
healthy unspied.
Expect to be betrayed, deceived, tricked, given shitty
advice, plagarized for good stuff, fed very bad stuff.
Like this forum.
Whatever you set up keep quiet about it or it will
be invaded and violated. Do not feed the animals.
At the moment, it would be prudent to avoid Tor which
has become a favorite target and user of spies, counterspies,
betrayers, opportunists, hustlers, tricksters, con artists,
panhandlers, pornographers, thieves, security testers,
data gobblers, sting operators, in short, no better or
worse than the internet but not as bad as cellphone
systems and human discourse.
Read the Tor mail lists, founts of hype and disinfo:
Tor Project hustlers currently advise critics "if you don't
like Tor, set up your own." That is excellent advice, and
a surefire indicator that that is what they have done. Yep,
another Tor onion-routed below the ruse, tucked behind
easily found hidden services, exited around camouflaging
exits. That, to be sure, was and remains the fundamental
intent of Tor: off the grid, criminal, illegal, illegitimate,
government grade security.

@_date: 2013-09-04 17:05:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Media Gag of Barrett Brown Case 
Filed this morning for the hearing:
Media should cover the USG Exhibits to gag media coverage
of Barrett Brown:
The USG argument to gag media coverage:
Defense opposition to the gag order:
 Filed this morning for the hearing:
Media should cover the USG Exhibits to gag media coverage of Barrett Brown:
The USG argument to gag media coverage:
Defense opposition to the gag order:

@_date: 2013-09-04 19:37:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gag Ordered in Barrett Brown Case 
Barrett Brown judge issued a gag order today:
Barrett Brown judge issued a gag order today:

@_date: 2013-09-05 20:06:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Guardian on NSA & GCHQ cryptowar 
NYT and ProPublica join Guardian. Spiegel, WaPo, O Globo
to withhold Snowden docs, substitute editorializing for fearful
to print.

@_date: 2013-09-12 11:40:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Backdooring Crypto 
In response to the Philip Hallam-Baker message below with his
IETF draft, posted on Cryptome, these responses have been offered:
1. A 1997 paper: "Kleptography: Cryptography Against Cryptography,"
by Adam Young and Moti Yung.
"Kleptography: persuading the party to be intercepted to use a
form of crypto that the attacker knows they can break."
2. "Phil's background as Verisign's principal designer is wellknown,
and so are his design efforts in 'certificates, cert crypto and secure
dns'. Lesser known are his friendships with the 'men-in-black'."
In response to the Philip Hallam-Baker message below with his
IETF draft, posted on Cryptome, these responses have been
1. A 1997 paper: "Kleptography: Cryptography Against
by Adam Young and Moti Yung. "Kleptography: persuading the party to be intercepted to use a
form of crypto that the attacker knows they can break." 2. "Phil's background as Verisign's principal designer is wellknown,
and so are his design efforts in 'certificates, cert crypto and secure
dns'. Lesser known are his friendships with the 'men-in-black'."
I have attempted to produce a summary of the discussion so far for use as
a requirements document for the PRISM-PROOF email scheme. This is now
available as an Internet draft.
I have left out acknowledgements and references at the moment. That is
likely to take a whole day going back through the list and I wanted to
get this out. If anyone wants to claim responsibility for any part of the doc then drop
me a line and I will have the black helicopter sent round.

@_date: 2013-09-14 13:26:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: FLYINGPIG // Tor 
May it be true the spies admit defeat. But not likely, more likely
a ruse, for they are highly trained liars and tricksters. Feints are
commonplace to disarm and delude opponents.
Pardons of Manning and Snowden, shutdown investigating
of Assange, and several other intimidating and chilling
operations would be persuasive. Hearings on abuse would
help air the stench. But will not eliminate the rot of secrecy.
These formulaic conciliatory gestures would be cheap discounts
of giant budgets for ancient practices of extorting money from
the public, for, what else, protection, protection against
government defined threats, identified by secret means.
The spying apparatus will re-surge as it has forever, governments
cannot survive without spying on its taxpayers. IRS and global
revenue agencies the main data collectors on citizens and subjects
from birth to death for everyone everywhere, even spies. SSN the
ubiquitous UID. Got a problem with that, go to jail. Tax refusers and
evaders more stigmatized and loathed than terrorists.
Joint Terrorism Task Forces around the world spend more time
chasing and prosecuting voluminous tax cheats then the tiny
number of terrorists. With their contractors this produces handsome
tax revenue, confiscations and fines. Prison populations too.
Spying was invented to catch tax cheats and assure revenue
for government operation and rule, and nothing unites the
world's governments more than that essential transfusion
of money to sustain government beneficiares, in the US the
three branches, state and local. Military merely cops to
control obedient payment.
In NYC, the racket of Wall Street is to pay NYPD to stay
away from finance through the Police Foundation. The
recently published "Enemies Within," by two AP reporters
recount how this has come about through the services of
David Cohen, formerly CIA Director of Operations, who
has set a completely unaccountable spying operation.
Prior to setting this up, Ray Kelly, NYPD chief, and Cohen
worked for Wall Street firms. Mayor Bloomberg happily
endorsing the 1% bribery methodology.
Nobody should believe this will change without a lot more
than hopeful dreaming.

@_date: 2013-09-13 18:43:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: FLYINGPIG // Tor 
It continues to mystify why Greenwald and others crop and
redact documents and slides but show them to staff at
O Globo, Guardian, Der Spiegel, New York Times, ProPublica,
Washington Post and perhaps others yet to be disclosed
with bombshell releases (now even Clapper is applauding
the Snowden campaign, which stinks of the fix is in on
what to release and when).
O Globo videos show glimpses of slides which are then
further redacted or cropped for release as slides alone.
Schneier claims to be working with Greenwald so he is
presumably seeing full views of docs and slides. Yet he
sustains a steady beat of surprise and outrage, almost
as if overly defensive about who knows what.
Greenwald has tweeted that there are legal reasons to
not show full views nor "distribute" document instead only
"report" on them. No answer to a tweet to GG about who
set those legal boundaries.
This seems to be game the Snowden manipulators are
playing with authorities, or at least lawyers are playing
with the gov, to toy with and tease the public by hoarding
documents, maintaining insider privileges of "journalists"
against outsiders, their readers, and experts who could
deconstruct the journo's pallid intepretation.
This is a game played also by secret-hoarding governments
against their citizens, aided and abetted by duplicitous
laws and lawyers.
MITM exploitation is what it is whatever they chose to call
their privilege protection racket.
And not to overlook the singular role of Tor in MITM
exploitation. The same distinctive rhetoic is deployed
by all of them to wave off suspicions as as if tradecraft.

@_date: 2013-10-28 13:08:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Re: CIA-NSA Special Collection Service for Unnatural Gas 
Spain's phone interceptions is less than 5% of the 125 billion total.
Far more in the Middle East and rest of the economically exploited
world which is hardly alarmed like the economic and military imperial
Europeans since they know the EU is doing what the US is doing,
thus are not pretending shock, shock, shock as cover-up of
digital-internet-undersea-cable-satellite predations.
Interesting to compare petroleum and natural gas exploitation
to that of digital and spectrum exploitation. Limit production and
cut off oil to raise prices and battle competitors, cut off the
internet, cables and spectrum, what's so different.
Spain's phone interceptions is less than 5% of the 125 billion
Far more in the Middle East and rest of the economically exploited
world which is hardly alarmed like the economic and military imperial
Europeans since they know the EU is doing what the US is doing,
thus are not pretending shock, shock, shock as cover-up of digital-internet-undersea-cable-satellite predations.
Interesting to compare petroleum and natural gas exploitation
to that of digital and spectrum exploitation. Limit production and cut off oil to raise prices and battle competitors, cut off the internet, cables and spectrum, what's so different.
Also::: Report: NSA spying and
listening to more than 60 million calls in Spain
 The Associated Press published in the
Spanish newspaper El Mundo document that displays the national security
of the U.S. spying on me more than 60 million phone calls in Spain in
just one month.
Report comes a week after Le Monde reported similar claims about U.S.
espionage matters in France, as well as the German magazine Der Spiegel
reported that the Washington listened to the mobile phone of Chancellor
Angela Merkel.

@_date: 2013-10-24 00:14:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: Tapping Angela Merkel 
All these passionate reports refer to the hyped Der Spiegel
piece, slathered with additional hype, padded with dated filler,
mused wanderings across the Snowden veldt.
The key document that has set techies pushing "credible
evidence" appears to be a two-page outline released by
Le Monde titled "Close Access Sigads" which lists a
batch of techie-like techniques used to intercept comms.
There has been discussion of these tricks around tech
circles due to the sparsity of technical information in most of
the Snowden releases in favor of generalities beloved
tech-illiterate journalists and their readers.
It is likely some techies fed tips and luridities to the German
spies (most of whom are also tech-illiterate and must rely
on tech-aware recruits and contractors who are treated
with disdain by old HUMINT-seasoned salts). Given a bit
of goose by the techie informants, the German spies saw
a great way to boost their tech budget, and leaped into action.
Same as in the US adminstration and Congress and their
kind around the world. Devilish comsec techies are nothing if not
opportunistic, MIT and Silicon Valley born and bred, and pray
nightly many Mannings and Snowdens will continue to valorize
their career of code and hack hoakum.
Mea culpa maxima. Have you seen our media campaign?

@_date: 2013-10-23 13:47:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: shock absorber 
Emphasis on bon ami France is indeed misleading, the world
total for calls spied that one month was 125 BILLION.
About 3 billion US calls slurped.

@_date: 2013-10-19 12:57:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: bird.comms + compilers (urls) 
This is the most interesting post to appear since the list
was re-energized.
The weakest elements of comsec are related to matters
seldom discussed on crypto fora which are heavily biased
toward digital technology. As might be expected on the
Internet and its crippling and perhaps fatal dependence on
digi-tech isolation from reality.
Manifold other means and methods of comsec get short
shrift on the Internet yet are the most frequent ways that
digital comsec is breached, defeated, embarassed,
ridiculed, dumped for legacy methods that require
deep familiarity with divers physical and electromagnetic
constraints and exploits.
Brian Carroll, in case you have missed his copious
contributions elsewhere, is more adept than most in
addressing the conceits of digi-tech masters by providing
leads to these diverse legacies. Don't expect him to
rollover and succumb to the usual putdowns of conceited
Happily, this noble list is broadminded enough to host
his offerings which would be banned on premier digi-tech
hideaways from reality.

@_date: 2013-10-18 18:34:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] NYT Planning NSA Ppaers 
Carlos Slim is my gym client. Despite begging and tipping
bags of pesos, not yet slim. Hung before his exerbike is
Thompson's headshot.

@_date: 2013-10-18 13:52:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Just Published: Secrets and Leaks: The Dilemma of State Secrecy 
Secrets and Leaks: The Dilemma of State Secrecy, Rahul Sagar:

@_date: 2013-10-16 14:05:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA's New Codebreakers 
Whew, allegedly, no dual-use, dual-contract cryptographers
have been revealed by Snowden. Except cryptographers
are trained experts in dual-use disinforming about comsec
Seems a fair number of anonymizees duped the author of
the article. No famous crypto names, please, this is a polite

@_date: 2013-10-01 15:02:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Why is  emailing me my password? 
The several crypto lists run by mailman email passwords monthly.
Open crypto lists are not meant to be more trustworthy than open

@_date: 2013-10-01 11:09:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Surveillance 
The most common for of spying for all countries is that for
assuring payment of taxes. These agencies have dossiers,
agents, informants and contractors (tax lawyers) which put
the other spies to shame (and put as much fear in the oft-blamed
spies as in citizens).
In the US the main function of early spies was to catch tax
evaders. Not to overlook that the birth of the US was about who
got the bloodily-extorted taxes.
No greater cooperation among world governments exceeds
that for catching tax evaders. The few refuges stings.
Tax laws allow far greater intrusion than those for national security.
And terrified citizens are obligated to spy and rat themselves,
family, neighbors, bosses, co-revolutionaries in particular.
Taxpayers are paid bonuses for spying on and ratting each
other, and jump to obey tax obligations, albeit with an acceptable
amount of shaving the truth. Bribes are endemic, whistleblowers
deputies of the state.
Presumably the fashionista excitement of bitching about the
rest of the spies is aimed at curring favor with the most
persistenlty threatening of the TLAs which will swoop in
like the angel of death to remind of the inescapable collusion
of both death and taxes to meticulously spy on futile efforts
to wiggle out of what is due.
Discussing this topic can get a citizen is more trouble than
viewing kiddie porn or whatever is the country's favorite
fashionista criminalization
Fortuitiously, terror was invented to payback tyrants for their
overdue abuse of taxation; today, shilled as sequestration.
Before being forfeited into submission Let us now honor the
two brave and revolutionary cypherpunks sent to prison for
defying the top spies of the way over-taxed earth.
Hail Jim, hail CJ, fuck you Agent Gordon.

@_date: 2013-10-01 11:09:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Surveillance 
The most common for of spying for all countries is that for
assuring payment of taxes. These agencies have dossiers,
agents, informants and contractors (tax lawyers) which put
the other spies to shame (and put as much fear in the oft-blamed
spies as in citizens).
In the US the main function of early spies was to catch tax
evaders. Not to overlook that the birth of the US was about who
got the bloodily-extorted taxes.
No greater cooperation among world governments exceeds
that for catching tax evaders. The few refuges stings.
Tax laws allow far greater intrusion than those for national security.
And terrified citizens are obligated to spy and rat themselves,
family, neighbors, bosses, co-revolutionaries in particular.
Taxpayers are paid bonuses for spying on and ratting each
other, and jump to obey tax obligations, albeit with an acceptable
amount of shaving the truth. Bribes are endemic, whistleblowers
deputies of the state.
Presumably the fashionista excitement of bitching about the
rest of the spies is aimed at curring favor with the most
persistenlty threatening of the TLAs which will swoop in
like the angel of death to remind of the inescapable collusion
of both death and taxes to meticulously spy on futile efforts
to wiggle out of what is due.
Discussing this topic can get a citizen is more trouble than
viewing kiddie porn or whatever is the country's favorite
fashionista criminalization
Fortuitiously, terror was invented to payback tyrants for their
overdue abuse of taxation; today, shilled as sequestration.
Before being forfeited into submission Let us now honor the
two brave and revolutionary cypherpunks sent to prison for
defying the top spies of the way over-taxed earth.
Hail Jim, hail CJ, fuck you Agent Gordon.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-06 13:51:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
This October 2, 2013, complaint describes US officials tracking
a Silk Road narcotics vendor on- and off-line:

@_date: 2013-10-21 21:03:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] funding Tor development 
Unless a billionaire steps up to fund Tor it will be a while before
small contributions can supplant federal funding. It now comes from
DoD through a contractor and from the State Department's principal
propaganda agency, Braodcast Board of Governors, through a
named front, Internews.
Since this issue has been raised for several years during which
Tor brushed it off and contemned questioners, and has only
recently made the MSM, it is likely the appeal for alternative
funding is no different that the campaign to launder NSA leaks
through suspiciously popular commercial outlets, shortly to be
suppanted by billionaire largess as suspicious alternative to
questioning the honesty and venality of those popular outlets.
And surprise, that billionaire,  has been disclosed in
tax reports as a Tor funder, EFF funder, funder of a large pack
of do-gooders which happily generate generous tax write-offs
for  the missus, staff, investors, a what else, Tor
board members. Ah come, now, as it was commanded by
Mammon, so it shall be done.
Don't be surpised if this billionaire also funds Internews. Along
with several dozen organizations doing spy-type things along the
lines of Tor, DoD, State, and other USG spooks in sheepskin
quietly shoveling bribes, oops, grants, to flush NGOs working
the global Freedom of Information for liberation of [fill in the
blanks]. Not to overlook funding of a slew of anonymizing services
and programs, some non-profit some smartly turned profitable
after building a rep for public service, why, even dual-using
the two.
Now don't forget to notice the commercial versions of Tor-like
services sprouting like, like, dare say it, In-Q-Tel. And not least
the growing crowd of lawyers, advisors, comsec consultants,
apologists for failing public trust, and being handy advocates
for more tweaking of faulty comsec and anonymizers.
As it was preached by St Augustine, so sin shall be forgiven,
not right away, to be sure, but late in the life of saints.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-17 20:22:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Vernam, Mauborgne, Friedman: The One-Time Pad and the Index of Coincidence 
Steven Bellovin Talk at NSA History Conference today:
Vernam, Mauborgne, Friedman: The One-Time Pad and the Index of Coincidence
  Steven Bellovin Talk at NSA History Conference today: Vernam, Mauborgne, Friedman: The One-Time Pad and the Index of

@_date: 2013-10-17 20:22:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Vernam, Mauborgne, Friedman: The One-Time Pad and the Index of  Coincidence 
Steven Bellovin Talk at NSA History Conference today:
Vernam, Mauborgne, Friedman: The One-Time Pad and the Index of Coincidence
  Steven Bellovin Talk at NSA History Conference today: Vernam, Mauborgne, Friedman: The One-Time Pad and the Index of

@_date: 2013-10-18 13:46:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Snowden sets OPSEC record straight 
Snowden filtered by Janes Risen filtered by New York Times,
as with all other filterings by special-interested Snowden
filters, does deliver a reassuring message to precisely
answer highly filtered questions and charges that have
been made about his heavily filtered, nay, almost negligible
Perhaps Snowden actually speaks in person, appears
in a filtered documentary, in a WikiLeaks filtered video,
emails encryptically! via Greenwald and Risen, like a
character from a brain-washing film, formulaicly, always
on point, no ifs and buts, no waverings from
propaganda-like rationales and justifications.
But so far every version of his apperances by whatever
medium come across as carefully vetted by WikiLeak's
Sarah Harrison, lawyers and PR wizards, as over-edited,
sanitized and directed, as little substantiated despite
alleged thousands of documents as hard driven
advocacy so like reviled special-interested groups of
all persuasions.
This critique applies to the dog and pony shows now
ranging the globe by freedom of information special
interests, staffed by a coterie of so-called ex-spies,
their lawyers, their PR wizards, national security
journalists and civil liberties exploiters, bedded and
applauded by camp followers, funded by egotically,
narcissisticly bored and wealth-drunk patrons like
Omidyar, Soros, and, why not j'accuse the combine,
the USG and its filthy rich spies long known to use
the wealthy to protect their common special interests
since corruption was invented, Day One.
Snowden is either an ignorant fool, seduced along
with Manning, by the narcotic dispensed by govs, NGOs,
spies and the wealthy "to do good" or a fabulous
con artist like Assange to "fleece the fuckers" as he
emailed January 2007, via leaks extortion, that is,
adopt the strategy and tactics of the "enemy" to
seduce others into their concentrated wealth carnal

@_date: 2013-10-18 13:46:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Snowden sets OPSEC record straight 
Snowden filtered by Janes Risen filtered by New York Times,
as with all other filterings by special-interested Snowden
filters, does deliver a reassuring message to precisely
answer highly filtered questions and charges that have
been made about his heavily filtered, nay, almost negligible
Perhaps Snowden actually speaks in person, appears
in a filtered documentary, in a WikiLeaks filtered video,
emails encryptically! via Greenwald and Risen, like a
character from a brain-washing film, formulaicly, always
on point, no ifs and buts, no waverings from
propaganda-like rationales and justifications.
But so far every version of his apperances by whatever
medium come across as carefully vetted by WikiLeak's
Sarah Harrison, lawyers and PR wizards, as over-edited,
sanitized and directed, as little substantiated despite
alleged thousands of documents as hard driven
advocacy so like reviled special-interested groups of
all persuasions.
This critique applies to the dog and pony shows now
ranging the globe by freedom of information special
interests, staffed by a coterie of so-called ex-spies,
their lawyers, their PR wizards, national security
journalists and civil liberties exploiters, bedded and
applauded by camp followers, funded by egotically,
narcissisticly bored and wealth-drunk patrons like
Omidyar, Soros, and, why not j'accuse the combine,
the USG and its filthy rich spies long known to use
the wealthy to protect their common special interests
since corruption was invented, Day One.
Snowden is either an ignorant fool, seduced along
with Manning, by the narcotic dispensed by govs, NGOs,
spies and the wealthy "to do good" or a fabulous
con artist like Assange to "fleece the fuckers" as he
emailed January 2007, via leaks extortion, that is,
adopt the strategy and tactics of the "enemy" to
seduce others into their concentrated wealth carnal
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-18 18:34:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] NYT Planning NSA Ppaers 
Carlos Slim is my gym client. Despite begging and tipping
bags of pesos, not yet slim. Hung before his exerbike is
Thompson's headshot.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-18 17:54:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT Planning NSA Ppaers 
Musings on Snowden being devoured, threatened then totemized
like Ellsberg:

@_date: 2013-10-18 17:54:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NYT Planning NSA Ppaers 
Musings on Snowden being devoured, threatened then totemized
like Ellsberg:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-19 12:37:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Snowden Comsec Is Stupefying 
It is not either dribble / or "dump" as favored outlets are
pontificating, seemingly by ostentatious agreement to
limit harm to governments by harming the public.
Both: provide the documents in a publicly accessible
depository as well as narrate their significance for those
who prefer readers digest and authoritative guidance.
Right now, DocumntCloud provides this depository, holds
over 400,000 documents provided by "authenticated"
journalists to substantiate their reports and to share with
others. Nearly all of the Snowden documents are on file there.
Researchers and other journalists want to see original
material for their own edification, interpretations and
uses. And to balance the inevitable bias and lack of
understanding common to all of us. Bear in mind that
readers digests, narratives and editorials are entertaining
fiction like "news."
Similarly, WikiLeaks initially provided copious documents as
back-up to its commentary. And still does despite an uptick
in exhortatory narratives. So does Federation of American
Scientists, National Security Archive, Public Intelligence,
Crytpocomb, and dozens more, some very old, other new:
This dribbling of documents is a moneymaking scam which
may increase in harm by concealing information that puts
people in harm's way, not the spies and their agents. Or
worse, choking the flow is required by a confidential
negotiated agreement or policy to test the market, test
the USG response, vet with governments as most major
newpapers do "to limit harm" a code word of complicity.
At one point early on Greenwald says he considered setting a
web site for the documents to be called NSADocuments.
It is not clear what led him to go a conventional monetized
route with the Guardian. Nor the conditions under which
WaPo, O Globo, Der Spiegel, New York Times and ProPublica
were brought into the stream.
What is annoying for the special purpose of this honorable
list of understatement is the braying about encryption as if
that is now mandatory PR to show comsec responsibility.
Nothing about the well-known weaknesses of encryption, its frequent
failures, its backdoors, its extremely misleading marketing,
its long history of many failures and few successes, its
use for entrapment and tracking, its customary snake
oil claims, its recantment by original authors, its cover-up
by original authors, its hopelessly fuck-up state at the
present time and crazed efforts to patchwork temporary
solutions to prop up damaged markets and tattered
reputations amply demonstrated here and other crypto
fora, especially the chickenshit one which bans political and
embarassing topics, therefore most likely populated with
those deeply and long complicit in commercial and
governmental exploitation of the public.
No need to beat the dead horses of Tor, anonymizers,
OTR, OTP, sekret chats, sneaker nets, black nets,
key signing parties, key revocations, forgeries,
impersonations, giant corps and NGOs, use of
trusted cryptoids to front dubious surefire protection,
use of bold names to mislead corrective efforts for
damage they themselves caused, in particular
misleading Manning, Snowden, Anonymous, LulzSec
and many others about comsec.

@_date: 2013-10-19 12:37:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Snowden Comsec Is Stupefying 
It is not either dribble / or "dump" as favored outlets are
pontificating, seemingly by ostentatious agreement to
limit harm to governments by harming the public.
Both: provide the documents in a publicly accessible
depository as well as narrate their significance for those
who prefer readers digest and authoritative guidance.
Right now, DocumntCloud provides this depository, holds
over 400,000 documents provided by "authenticated"
journalists to substantiate their reports and to share with
others. Nearly all of the Snowden documents are on file there.
Researchers and other journalists want to see original
material for their own edification, interpretations and
uses. And to balance the inevitable bias and lack of
understanding common to all of us. Bear in mind that
readers digests, narratives and editorials are entertaining
fiction like "news."
Similarly, WikiLeaks initially provided copious documents as
back-up to its commentary. And still does despite an uptick
in exhortatory narratives. So does Federation of American
Scientists, National Security Archive, Public Intelligence,
Crytpocomb, and dozens more, some very old, other new:
This dribbling of documents is a moneymaking scam which
may increase in harm by concealing information that puts
people in harm's way, not the spies and their agents. Or
worse, choking the flow is required by a confidential
negotiated agreement or policy to test the market, test
the USG response, vet with governments as most major
newpapers do "to limit harm" a code word of complicity.
At one point early on Greenwald says he considered setting a
web site for the documents to be called NSADocuments.
It is not clear what led him to go a conventional monetized
route with the Guardian. Nor the conditions under which
WaPo, O Globo, Der Spiegel, New York Times and ProPublica
were brought into the stream.
What is annoying for the special purpose of this honorable
list of understatement is the braying about encryption as if
that is now mandatory PR to show comsec responsibility.
Nothing about the well-known weaknesses of encryption, its frequent
failures, its backdoors, its extremely misleading marketing,
its long history of many failures and few successes, its
use for entrapment and tracking, its customary snake
oil claims, its recantment by original authors, its cover-up
by original authors, its hopelessly fuck-up state at the
present time and crazed efforts to patchwork temporary
solutions to prop up damaged markets and tattered
reputations amply demonstrated here and other crypto
fora, especially the chickenshit one which bans political and
embarassing topics, therefore most likely populated with
those deeply and long complicit in commercial and
governmental exploitation of the public.
No need to beat the dead horses of Tor, anonymizers,
OTR, OTP, sekret chats, sneaker nets, black nets,
key signing parties, key revocations, forgeries,
impersonations, giant corps and NGOs, use of
trusted cryptoids to front dubious surefire protection,
use of bold names to mislead corrective efforts for
damage they themselves caused, in particular
misleading Manning, Snowden, Anonymous, LulzSec
and many others about comsec.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-18 20:37:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden Comsec Is Stupefying 
We still don't know, and likely will never know, what is in the
Snowden collection. Admirable as his courage may be, he
erred in handing it over to media incapable of assessing the
whole wad, which has led to the teasing and hyperbolized
accounts valorizing crypto to armor info-warriors.
Perhaps more capable assessment is being done and will
be made public in a credible fashion instead of the goofy
call for debate before much is known beyond rhetoric and
hype. The heavy-handed redactions suggest official advice
threats and culling, and do not augur well for seeing the rest.
Stupid claims of hiding the collection, insurance as stupid as
that of WikiLeaks, stupidly sending some or all of it to other
parties, come across as patent dissimulation of the comsec
advertising type.
Comsec is now a fat mark-up of junk, espoused by stupid
comsec advisers to journalists as if a saintly medallion to
stop a bullet.

@_date: 2013-10-19 12:57:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] bird.comms + compilers (urls) 
This is the most interesting post to appear since the list
was re-energized.
The weakest elements of comsec are related to matters
seldom discussed on crypto fora which are heavily biased
toward digital technology. As might be expected on the
Internet and its crippling and perhaps fatal dependence on
digi-tech isolation from reality.
Manifold other means and methods of comsec get short
shrift on the Internet yet are the most frequent ways that
digital comsec is breached, defeated, embarassed,
ridiculed, dumped for legacy methods that require
deep familiarity with divers physical and electromagnetic
constraints and exploits.
Brian Carroll, in case you have missed his copious
contributions elsewhere, is more adept than most in
addressing the conceits of digi-tech masters by providing
leads to these diverse legacies. Don't expect him to
rollover and succumb to the usual putdowns of conceited
Happily, this noble list is broadminded enough to host
his offerings which would be banned on premier digi-tech
hideaways from reality.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-19 14:59:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
Wait, numbbutt whiners, there is gold in those duplicates, triplicates.
Eugen's multiple posts are not identical. Best save them all
for the quite valuable and revealing metadata which differs
for each. That metadata's value usually exceeds the stupid
bitchings rancid and senseless as oh so witty tweets.
And responses from the various fora also differ and provide
information and metadata which may be senselessly filtered,
typical comsec arrogantly foot shooting and blinding to score
points of utter insignificance except to metadata profiling of
the gullbile whiners and tut-tutters and tutors.
Peer closely: you will see that Eugen is working his ass off
on behalf of metadata planters, siphoners and exploiters who
designed and run all levels and permutations of open and
secret Internet, doing damn fine pinging and backstabbing
as high-level trained to do, to work in wolf packs against
sheeps gamboling as if their herder was the absolutely
incorruptible RISKS operator, planter, siphoner, exploiter,
redesigner of an even more pernicious Internet gobbler.

@_date: 2013-10-19 14:59:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
Wait, numbbutt whiners, there is gold in those duplicates, triplicates.
Eugen's multiple posts are not identical. Best save them all
for the quite valuable and revealing metadata which differs
for each. That metadata's value usually exceeds the stupid
bitchings rancid and senseless as oh so witty tweets.
And responses from the various fora also differ and provide
information and metadata which may be senselessly filtered,
typical comsec arrogantly foot shooting and blinding to score
points of utter insignificance except to metadata profiling of
the gullbile whiners and tut-tutters and tutors.
Peer closely: you will see that Eugen is working his ass off
on behalf of metadata planters, siphoners and exploiters who
designed and run all levels and permutations of open and
secret Internet, doing damn fine pinging and backstabbing
as high-level trained to do, to work in wolf packs against
sheeps gamboling as if their herder was the absolutely
incorruptible RISKS operator, planter, siphoner, exploiter,
redesigner of an even more pernicious Internet gobbler.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-16 08:27:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] RiseUp 
Finally, Elijah, a voice of sanity among the hysteria about way
over-hypedsmall number of NSA revelations magnifying and
exposing the unexceptional Lavabit scam.
Online insecurity has been well understood since online was invented.
probably the worst ever of any means of technological communication.
Cryptographic protecton for a porous infrastructure appears the most
likely cause of the delusion, a favorite export of this list and other
crypto fora. Only recently has the fundamental weakness of online
communications has this delusion received adequate attention
and for the weakness of NSA infosec can be thanked for that.
Attention is not yet adequate for this commercial exploitation of
what comsec wizards have kept far too quiet about, although this
list raised alarms from the gitgo of encryption boosterism.
Commercial and non-official exploitation of the comsec delusion
remains far greater than that of official spies, including essential
undergirding of official spying.
Privacy policies in particular were invented as a ruse to divert
attention from ubiquitous spying on the public by online services
whether of governmental, commercial, institutional, non-profit,
personal, anonymizing, traffic hiding, the gamut of Internet
opportuniism pretty well demolished by Mozorov and others,
especially on this list, but not so much on other lists and
fora which ban incredulity, doubt, skepticism and "off-topics"
concerning comsec.
Time for more than shutting down enterprises that have
betrayed the public for two decades, that only allows the perps to
escape full accountability by governmental, commercial, institutional,
non-profit, personal, anonymizing, traffic hiding, the gamut of
Internet opportuniism.
Anonymity and leak exploiters deserve special attention for
running bait and switch operations which have led the public
to believe in shitty security for submissions, media coverage,
honesty and nobility of purpose indistinguishable from
the gov-com-org kind of hucksterism pushed as a target.
Greenwald and Assange, what have you done to Manning
and Snowden. For the answer, read cypherpunks archives.

@_date: 2013-10-03 01:13:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Silk Road founder arrested ... 
Al-qaeda.net still works. May want to use ALQ comsec for
surefire inescapable gravity of the galaxy's ravenous spy
black dwarves. Ref: Inspire magazine 2010:
 > At first I frowned and wondered why. Then I thought it was likely a

@_date: 2013-10-09 11:55:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA UTAH data center 
The NSA Data Center is bit more complicated than the usual
commercial hotel or center, and perhaps is unprecedented,
thus haunted by errata.
It is composed of two apparently identical facilities, mirror
images of one another, connected by an administrative
Each facility has a data unit, a pair of 16-generator units,
a bank of cooling towers, fuel tanks and appurtances.
There is a single conventional electrical sub-station for
the complex.
It is it not known if both facilities were affected or only
one of them.
Nor is not known whether the power surges came from the
conventional electrical power system or the generators,
or from testing the emergency shutdown of the conventional
and the kick-in of the back-up gen sets.
Perhaps both powered up briefly simultaneously, overloaded
surge protectors failed, excessive juice blasted the cables,
panels, processors. The relatively small dollar amounts
indicate that only some parts were affected.
An odd feature is the banana shape, with non-parallel
units, whether for aesthetics or to avoid some unknown
richochet of parallelism so common in DoD and most other
Imagine that the lack of parallelism, surely due to the conceit
of crazed design architects eager to be different from insanely
rational engineers, caused bizarre effects, or the engineers
fought back with the customary make-work sabotage.
This theory is most pleasing to this nuthouse designer. It fits
the welter of new USG facilities worldwide which appear to
have been designed by and for the bureaucratcially insane,
aptly, expense not even considered, exemplary bloat essential,
security bollixed to the max, national debt boosting cost
over-runs and late completion obligatory for congressional
inspection junkets, followed quickly by applaudable manifold
jobs making repair of faults, corrections of errant design, IG
investigations squelched and bigger appropriations next time.
For evidence peruse the the bloated list of USG and
commercial work by the data center architects, KlingStubbins.
This is USACE and GSA heaven-sent pork unbridled by
modesty of pre-911 war-winding-down pecuniousness.
Then see the twisted edifice psycholpathology spread: the mirror-funhouse
new headquarters for Canadian Communications Security Establishment
in which the architects have been Boozed-Allened to barbarize disorienting
havoc in concert with the agency's mission to cackle and banshee at
the humongous wastage:
This is what has come from the massively copulating Internet,
data, metadata, teradata, supercalifornication data. Imaginary
only to be sure, processors idled, generators asleep, power
errantly dribbling like release of Snowden's imaginary booze

@_date: 2013-10-16 13:21:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Curious use of cpunks list [Brian Carroll] 
By far all reputable and objective polls, affirmed by Rushmore
big heads Bruce Schneier and Glenn Greenwald, confirm online
usage is totally schizophrenic, escapist, indolent, idle, pointless,
still it far outdistances all alternatives in the race to maximize
and deny blood doping, elbowing competitors, hiring fans to run
naked on TV, lying recantations about never using self-loathing
Diagnosis: crypto dependency, cold dead hands, N =/ P,
PK idolatry, carpal tunnel mentality, ego aerostated by
panoptic auto-sphrincterism.
Brian Carroll, occasionally self-titled Brain Carroll, is a
very smart and polite gentleman who does not mind fools
fooling themselves psychobabbling like paranormal
tricyclists monomaniacal about can there ever be
reliable RNGs.

@_date: 2013-10-18 20:22:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Re: Thank You, Edward Snowden 
Schneier is a leader of the monetizing pack, never
crosses the line, sits among the stellars of institutional
control, incessantly promotes his wares, spoon-feds
fans. Predictably for self-promoters, like other stellars,
he is security chief for a principal telecom spy. Impolitely,
a security flack, which may be redundant.
Self-reportedly he is helping skim, cherry-pick, sanitize,
ass-cover abetters of NSA, shoveling insider tips to outlets.
Warns must not go too far in response, merely securitize!
the net. Which is the scam comseckers have been running
in cahoots with the officials since the birth of government
Snowden and Manning, the brands and fans, let others off the
hook, when more like them are needed to avoid sacralization of
the crucified.
Just hope there are a lot more doing truly good behind and
below the media and crazed followers tampering down of
dissent with adoration, gratitude, attitude and hyperbolization.
Leaks should be done without fanfare, which contradicts the
very term.

@_date: 2013-10-18 19:31:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Thank You, Edward Snowden 
Pure bullshit, putting it politely. More accurately self-serving
bullshit. None of these bear-hugging rhetoricians have the guts
to do what Manning and Snowden have done, nor those who
have been their clients, speechifying fees and funding topics,
career boosters, campaign posters, cowardly woe-is-the-US
industry while enjoying the beltway and coastal perks and
prizes beloved of arm chair pundits and civil liberties pimps.
This is vulgar behavior parading as valiant derring-do, never
ever crossing the red line of genuine courage.
Merely thanking Snowden and Manning, rather than crossing
the line of lawfulness into their fearful terrain is as predictable
national security mongering on all sides.
Pity Snowden for falling into their trap.
And burn that ACLU card after gazing at the 1/2 million
salary of its slick director over-paid to suck the teats
of excessively wealthy under cover of thousands of
lesser contributors corraled into craven water-carrying
for legal actions amply exploited for billable hours.
Why Wyden and his ilk milk insider knowledge as if
privileged journalists should be no mystery. It is the
coin of kings.

@_date: 2013-10-25 22:44:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [ExI] chilling effects 
A useful invention, or discovery, similar to that of public key
enryption, would be to devise a means to communicate such
that no communication, as we now know it, would actually occur.
Consider what ineffable thought led young Whit Diffie to imagine
PKC. He says it came to him at one point, not altogether believable
at first, thinking there must be a fault somewhere, if valid surely
it had been figured out before. As we know, it had been, by
the quiet Brits, and kept top secret.
What else like that is going on, has gone on, will gone on, all
the while evading classification at birth, not patented, not yet
institutionalized in secrecy madhouses hoarding the best and
brightest, as we know those terms of entrapment.
Consider that a non-communication ineffability has been invented,
or discovered, or is gestating in one or more young minds not
yet regimented by too much education, too much experience,
too much jaded skepticism, too little imagination, too much
comfort of reputation, salary, prizes and pensions, too much
blind faith in technology or mathematics, too much secrecy
as we know them to be crushing of novelty and waywardness.
For example, if the non-communication required no physical or
electromagnetic means but was based on say, conviction, or
concepts, or ideas, or imagination. The message would be
intuited, let us say, or grasped by deduction or induction, or
simply was shared without obvious effort except perhaps
an urge or yearning or desire or hunger or passion or insight,
or why not go for it, love.
Turns out this is not all that unusual. It is rather commonplace
if not ubiquitous. Animals do it, so do vegetables, and probably
minerals, though that is hard to say for sure, perhaps a volcanic
eruption or earthquake or asteroid is passing along content
as well as metadata.
Thought, perhaps faith, exchanges content by ineffability.
The arts, perhaps theoretical if not experimental science,
do too.
Brian Carroll has been exploring these possibilities for
some two decades. If he, then others, most of them
little known, not on the list of comsec wizards, not on
lists at all. That could be what keeps working at the level
of the successors to Diffie  -- and the Brits silenced
by the OSA..

@_date: 2013-10-26 15:01:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA, Love and Math 2 
Brian Carroll has been exploring these possibilities since 1999:

@_date: 2013-10-28 12:44:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA-NSA Special Collection Service for Unnatural Gas 
As Eugen knows the image is from Der Spiegel illustrating
the CIA-NSA Special Collection Service, apparently from
the slowly dribbling allegedly vast Snowden reservoir
of unnatural gaseous once-secrets now being secretly
pipelined to commercial fuel stations for lucrative mark-ups
due to the allegedly limiited amount of natural gas inside
national capitals:
Cryptome on the CIA-NSA Special Collection Service
unnatural gaseous exploration since 2000:
As Eugen knows the image is from Der Spiegel illustrating
the CIA-NSA Special Collection Service, apparently from
the slowly dribbling allegedly vast Snowden reservoir
of unnatural gaseous once-secrets now being secretly pipelined to commercial fuel stations for lucrative mark-ups due to the allegedly limiited amount of natural gas inside
national capitals:
Cryptome on the CIA-NSA Special Collection Service unnatural gaseous exploration since 2000:
Gentlemen's I trust you in
this I believe you have better knowledge ,,,, On Mon, Oct 28, 2013 at 3:39 AM, Eugen Leitl
Wow, an image. A jpg, even. It looks like sigint intercept,
but we'll never know what it's for, because Haim assumes we're

@_date: 2013-10-28 14:49:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] how embassy eavesdropping works 
Duncan Cambell is one of the few journalists superbly gifted
in science, technology and informed analysis. He has a degree
in nuclear physics, his mom reportedly a long-time employee
of a UK spy agency, which must have led to great dinner
convos when he and two other youngsters were prosecuted
in 1978 for violating the OSA, and found innocent (she was
an enthusiastic supporter):
Duncan introduced Cryptome in 1996 to 5-Eyes Echelon,
Nicky Hager, Mike Frost, Perry Fellwock (outed NSA in 1974),
and their bountiful reports on global surveillance in the 1980s
and 1990s.
Summary of their digging into secrets without benefit of leak
and fixed slot machines, their voluminous and generous hard
work done back then that led to today's dribbling parsimonious
and niggardly news:
Duncan had a long email exchange with Microsoft in 2000 about
the so-called NSA_key which allegedly allowed covert access to
MS products:
And, Germany knew about 5-eyes spying in 2000:
What Duncan and these master researchers could do with the
Snowden pile can only be dreamed about, unless, we pray,
the pile has been shared with them (rumors they have helped
WL). Certainly they could outdo the The Guardian (Campbell
reports there occasionally), New York Times, Der Spiegel,
WaPo, WSJ, et al lightweight poseurs.

@_date: 2013-10-26 14:24:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Love and Math Reviewed by NY Times 
Love and Math, by Edward Frenkel, is reviewed in tomorrow's
NY Times.
"Frenkel believes math deserves to be an integral part of our
culture. Why is everyone talking about planets, atoms and
DNA and not symmetry groups? For one thing, you cant
get cancer from a mutation of a symmetry group. But
Frenkel writes that math 'directs the flow of the universe.'
Its as elegant as music and as much a part of our
intellectual heritage as literature. He strives to awaken
our wonder by taking us on an equation-packed tour of
his research, in which he reveals a hidden world few
of us encountered in school."
Returning to Whit Diffie musing on what led to his discovery
or invention of public key cryptography -- found in what might
be termed a hidden world of mathematics -- there may be
still hidden mathematical forms of communication that
does not rely upon technology's inevitable comsec failure.
The NSA global invasion appears almost wholly based on the
failure of technology rather than mathematics, as our esteemed
cryptographers remind. Much of the current tweaking and
further invention appear driven by technology, code,
engineering, politics, law and polemics, again not mathematics.
No wonder, that, for math is beyond grasp of those who
believe the non-mathematical is too hard to see, hear, smell,
touch, write, understand, market and melodramatically
induce media delirium by way of officially-hostile and
unauthorized disclosures.
Whither the NSA bountiful mathematicians in protecting
its family jewels of invasive technology? Stuck in crypto
labs musing like Diffies in manifold hideways?
Frenkel's linking of love and mathematics is worth pondering
in the face of the megalomania, demogoguery, popularity and
profitability of faultly technology, ever breeding abuse, counter
abuse, blame and exculpation, feeding the market for official
joined to unofficial invasion and combat, collateral damage

@_date: 2013-10-29 23:01:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Says Phone Spy Data Came from EU Spies, May Anger EU Citizens at Their Spies Role 
US Says Phone Spy Data Came from EU Spies, May Anger EU Citizens at Their Spies Role:
NY Times editorializes today that "everybody spies like us" is a circle jerk.
US Says Phone Spy Data Came from EU Spies, May Anger EU Citizens at Their
Spies Role: NY Times editorializes today that "everybody spies like us" is
a circle jerk.

@_date: 2013-11-23 17:08:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Global SIGINT Power to Generate Profits and Pay 
The NSA SIGINT Strategy 2012-2016 pretty well covers all the
comsec and crypto initiatives to covertly exploit people, cryptographers,
anonymizers, informants, planted spies, security firms, networks,
governments, nations, friends, lovers and citizens.
Not sure leaks, lawsuits and protests will deter this bounty of
profits for the comsec industry, unless the public is aroused to
demand the 3 branches grasp the nettle, and all those making
money from this deception operation decide to give up their
profits, perks and prestige.
I mean those on the comsec and crypto lists, those participating
in standards committees, those enjoying contracts and grants in
think tanks and universities, those in law firms and public interest
orgs, those in the media and academia, those in non-spy gov agencies,
pretending to be in opposition as they scramble to rejigger their
products and sales pitches, to exploit what is being fabricated
to diminish Snowden's revelations with new forms of secrecy,
technology, law, regulations, bribery, lobbying, grants, contracts,
list lurking, online and offline spying, break-ins, the usual kaboodle,
to assure the NSA goals are fulfilled.
SIGINT Goals for 2012-2016
1. (U//FOUO) Revolutionize analysis  fundamentally shift our analytic approach from a production to a discovery bias, enriched by innovative customer/partner engagement, radically increasing operational impact across all mission domains.
1.1. (U//FOUO) Through advanced tradecraft and automation, dramatically increase mastery of the global network
1.2. (U//FOUO) Conduct original analysis in a collaborative information space that mirrors how people interact in the information age
1.3. (U//FOUO) Disseminate data at its first point of relevance, share bulk data, and enable customers to address niche requirements
1.4. (U//FOUO) Drive an agile technology base mapped to the cognitive processes that underpin large scale analysis, discovery, compliance and collaboration
2. (U//FOUO) Fully leverage internal and external NSA partnerships to collaboratively discover targets, find their vulnerabilities, and overcome their network/communication defenses.
2.1. (U//FOUO) Bolster our arsenal of capabilities against the most critical cryptanalytic challenges 2.1.1. (S//SI//REL) Employ multidisciplinary approaches to cryptanalytic problems, leveraging and integrating mid-point and end-point capabilities to enable cryptanalysis
2.1.2. (S//REL) Counter the challenge of ubiquitous, strong, commercial network encryption
2.1.3. (TS//SI//REL) Counter indigenous cryptographic programs by targeting their industrial bases with all available SIGINT and HUMINT 2.1.4. (TS//SI//REL) Influence the global commercial encryption market through commercial relationships, HUMINT, and second and third party partners
2.1.5. (S//SI//REL) Continue to invest in the industrial base and drive the state of the art for High Performance Computing to maintain pre-eminent cryptanalytic capability for the nation
2.2. (TS//SI//REL) Defeat adversary cybersecurity practices in order to acquire the SIGINT data we need from anyone, anytime, anywhere
2.3. (S//SI) Enable discovery capabilities and advanced tradecraft in the collection architecture to enable the discovery of mission-critical persona, networks, accesses, signals and technologies
2.4. (S//SI) Integrate capabilities into the mission architecture, deepen workforce skill base in advanced network and signals analysis, and optimize processes and policies for the benefit of discovery
3. (S//SI//REL) Dynamically integrate endpoint, midpoint, industrial-enabled, and cryptanalytic capabilities to reach previously inaccessible targets in support of exploitation, cyber defense, and cyber operations
3.1. (C//REL) Drive the SIGINT mission architecture to underpin synchronized, integrated, multi-capability operations, extending it to mission partners
3.2. (TS//SI//REL) Integrate the SIGINT system into a national network of sensors which interactively sense, respond, and alert one another at machine speed
3.3. (U//FOUO) Continuously rebalance our portfolio of accesses and access capabilities based on current and projected contributions to key SIGINT missions
3.4. (S//SI//REL) Identify new access, collection, and exploitation methods by leveraging global business trends in data and communications services
[End excerpt]

@_date: 2013-11-19 20:09:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assassination Markets Hyperbole 
Andy Greenberg continues the lurid Forbes pro-business
hyperbole of Assassination Markets (more investor oriented
than Politics).
Wall Street loves this marketing murder shit, preferrably at global
warmaking scale.
"I am a crypto-anarchist," Sanjuro concludes. "We have a bright future ahead of us."
Sounds like Jeff Gordon redux.

@_date: 2013-11-16 23:59:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography][Law] Jeremy Hammond Banned from using Cryptography 
That should have been Bernie-S, not -X. And Mitnick now runs
a rather profitable security service and lecture series.
About Jim Bell (he can speak for himself but I know best
how to smell and tell a rat):
The IRS secret agent leading Jim's chase, Agent Gordon, lurked
on cypherpunks for a long time, gathering names and addresses
to subpoena for Jim's grand jury probe and (first) trial. Several of us
were subpoenad along with cpunks records from some (John Gilmore
one of those). Some, like me, were summoned both for the grand jury
and the trial held in Tacoma, WA. (Sidebar: youngster Declan
McCullagh covered that and I urged him to report seditiously
enough to be sent to jail to build his rep -- he politely refused
to cellmate Jim.)
Short story (full account in the archive) is that not many supported
Jim all the way when the shit came down, indeed, brazenly ridiculed
his adventure, presumably to cover their ass from Agent Gordon
and co-lurkers always on duty hereabouts.
Who secretly ratted Jim at the grand jury remains unknown but their
behavior and sweat odor has been profiled by god and they will not
be given authentic bitcoins, only fakes with their undercover UID
embedded like Lamo.
Sorry to say Radar mag did a smear of us.
Notice upon release from prison that ex-cons are expected to
be on call. Panoptic assured. Moreso for ex-spies.
Also Open Source.

@_date: 2013-11-12 00:12:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A Fierce Domain: Conflict in Cyberspace 1986 to 2012 
A Fierce Domain: Conflict in Cyberspace 1986 to 2012:

@_date: 2013-11-01 17:29:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Public Pleasure in Spying, Not Indifference 
With the rise of the Internet spying has become as ubiquitous as
motherhood and apple pie, no longer the dark world of official spies.
The Internet has made covert spying available to everyone along
with sanctimonious deniability just like the world of spooks.
Running a mail list is spying. Running a hosting service is spying.
Running a website is spying. Running a blog is sphing. Running a
network is spying. Running an email service is spying. Running a
keyserver is spying. Running an anonymizer is spying. Running
an academic data collector is spying. Offering free apps is spying.
Offering free comsec is spying.
Open source is spying. Lurking on fora is spying. Prowling Twitter,
Facebook, Reddit, Slashdot, SM, chat, OTR, Tor, the surface
net and deepnet gamut, is spying.
Baiting and arguing and flattering to induce dislosure is spying.
Hanging, recording, videoing, texting, at gatherings, conferences,
Blackhats, Defcons, RSAs, protests, squats, mash-ups, is spying.
Leaking and sharing in the public interest is spying.
Defending leakers and hackers and protestors is spying.
Accusing and blaming official spies is counterspying, that
is spying.
Journalism is spying, along with every profession, they all
Watching porn is spying, and how!
The public is not indifferent about spying, it is the principal
public past-time and often full-time. Thanks to the Internet and
a slew of personal devices spying has become better than
sex, better than gambling, better than drugs and liquor,
done openly and secretly, here there and everywhere.
Damn fine way to boost the digital economy, and if done well
earns a freedom of information award and a place in the
harem of a billionaire.

@_date: 2013-11-10 17:36:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Which encryption chips are compromised? 
The Gardian, NYT and ProPublica have disclosed their close
coordination for Snowden releases. But AFAIK have not disclosed
redaction coordination.
There is a bit of evidence of PDF and publication coordination among
The Guardian and the NYT-Propub via PDF properties and DocCloud
file number:
ProPub produced its PDF a few minutes before The Guardian
but the Guardian was first to put it on DocCloud.
Two types of PDF programs were used. Thus the redactions made
by likely different means and therefore possibly different means
might be used to lift the redactions.
The imaging PDFs by the spies are more protective than the
commercial versions, and produce much larger file sizes. and
more blurred content. See those by ODNI as examples.
Several programs claim to be able to lift PDF redactions.
PitStop is one we have used successfully some time ago
but not recently.
Redax is used widely by the USG to redact. Our version of
Redax does not lift the Sigint Enabling redactions on either
Some may recall we lifted redactions on an NYT release of
CIA overthrow of Mossedeq by accident when an old, slow
machine momentarily delayed the black stripes. We froze
the screen repeatedly to grab and reconstruct the underlying
text. Adobe has since fixed that hole. But there are likely
others due to the incessant attack on vainglorius Adobe.
A source for hacking PDF passwords and maybe lifting
redactions is Elcomsoft.com, a Russian firm infamous for
its coder Dimitry Sklyrov indictment for copyright miscreancy.
Lifting redactions would be a fine research project, kind of like
Tempest revelations, so great are redactions deployed by govs
and journalists these days to wield and flaunt joint complicity to
tease and withhold until bribes and budget increases are paid.
But results would have to be fast and undercover before the
digital barn doors are closed and old-time paper incision is
re-instituted. Same for eventual dust-binning of digital
crypto in favor of, well, best not to fall for open source
delusion again.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-10 13:31:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Which encryption chips are compromised? 
The Guardian version (greater redaction):
NYTimes-ProPublica version (lesser redaction):
[0] A related question is where were these slides posted on the Guardian and NYT sites?  Which did which redaction?
The Guardian version (greater redaction):
NYTimes-ProPublica version (lesser redaction):
[0] A related question is where were these slides posted on the
Guardian and NYT sites? Which did which redaction?

@_date: 2013-11-07 19:51:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: fuck these guys 
Hilarious that the author of "fuck these guys" pretended to
be shocked that spies break laws and operate outside of,
above and below law, just like religions, banks, corporations,
non-profits, and very rich individuals.
NSA, ODNI and allies proclaiming that everything they do is
according to law while also proclaiming that law allows them
to break the law to fulfill their mission, should establish how
malleable law is to fit whatever mold is created by lawmakers.
Such crimes are legal rules the FISA court and its versions
That is not the worst of the scams. Worst is perpetrated here.
Public crypto's well-established weaknesses has not dissuaded
early adopters and promoters, nor those who by now know
better to continue to practice comsec voodoo on the various
crypto reinvention and recycling engines at universities,
corporate labs, bountifully government-funded.
Lavabit and Silent Circle, apparently shutdown for advertising
purposes, then shazamm, joined in a new ever better product
certified by early adopters and aging promoters with not much
else to while away their time spending their opportunistic revenue,
along with a thousand other start-ups and desperate media
cashing in on mil-gov-com-edu-org promoters' 9/11, Manning's
and Snowden's terrific marketing windfalls -- white market far
exceeded by the black market of their bounty.
That the coders were and are full of manure and venality
guarantees marketing will prevail over quality, that is the
very essence of security, as with intelligence and military
prowess. Faith-based can't be beat for gullling the people.
Faith-based protection is ancient, whether paganism,
astrology, alchemy, scientism, and modern: rationalism,
espionage, the major and minor religions, the stock market,
communism, capitalism, the national security state, Ayn
Rand and Mises, higher education,  and more recently:
Silicon Valley and Alley, anonymizing, cybersecurity,so
why not exploit fashionable crypto before it returns to
the underground, the deep web where the majestic
criminality is occurring, as ever camouflaged by
sanctimony and publicity of doing good.
Amen, brothers and sisters of the crypto Mafia braying
bribe the cops with after office lucrative positions.

@_date: 2013-11-16 16:36:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography][Law] Jeremy Hammond Banned from using Cryptography 
Still, recognize that hammering Hammond is meant to be
sickening, as with Manning, Anonymous and Lulzsec members.
In every case rats were coerced into incriminating others by
threats of doing to them what was done to Hammond. If nobody
is ever hammered the threats are not taken seriously.
At a HOPE panel on informants, several hackers disclosed
those pressures to rat, some succumbed and were let off,
Emmanuel Goldstein admitted it, some refused and were
jailed, Bernie-X, Kevin Mitnick. All agreed it is far worse to
go through than you think. Goldstein estimated 25% of hackers
are rats.
Barrett Brown is on the hot seat right now, being offering deals
to rat, as customary, with three (!) trials postponed to maintain
pressure. Shit, even his mom was used as a fed provocation to
misbehave then as a persuasion club as were Sabu's nephew
and niece.
Anybody with a high profile is targeted, so beware publicity
hounds crowing of derrying-do and urgings by high profilers
who may or may not be in the grips of the feds, and if not,
will soon be due to their publicity narcosis, and then used
as clubs or head to jail for obstruction and recidivism or
some other nut-squeezing -- even in jail they are offered
deals to rat and sentence reduced.
In or out jail the pressure to rat continues, as with Adrian
Lamo. Ex-cons never know if an overture is an LE sting or a
an honest request for advice, so they rat to be safe -- recall
they are obliged -- forever -- to report overtures, just like
ex-spies remain under the gun to rat for life. If you haven't
been there don't imagine you know what it's like.
Don't imagine this list and others like it, chats, OTRs, TOR,
are not being spied for easy targets.

@_date: 2013-11-16 13:04:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography][Law] Jeremy Hammond Banned from using Cryptography 
Still, the USA's description of how its Cooperating Witness
(presumably Hector Sabu Monsegur) allegedly induced
Hammond to ply his fine mind and technical skills indicates
that ban on the use of encryption is the least hazard facing
hackers and confrontational comsec wizards:
Self-serving insiders of the comsec industry, black, white or gray,
continue to be the Achilles heel of comsec. Government use of
these trusted allies reminds that it is not only nations who fuck their
Now, this is not news, but also reminds that protestations of
injustice, outrage and anger, is all too often a conventional cover
for betrayal by cooperating witnesses.
Unfortunately, the same goes for eager participants in payback,
fault correction, workarounds, vengeance, product upgrades to
defeat the bastards. These exact means and methods were
allegedly used by Sabu to ensnare and imprison a batch of
confederates. An ancient practice effectively used on
Julian Assange: followers can be lethal.
Encryption offers squat protection from this kind of legal,
political and social engineering whose history is much
older and more effective than top coding, math, engineering,
ethics and brave challenges to authority. Usually, offer of
an irresistable plea deal, job contract, witness protection,
PR outpouring, turns a valiant outsider into a handsomely
rewarded insider. Mudge one of hundreds, perhaps thousands,
who got the warning message.
Then what to avoid the looming scythes the various Sabus (he is
surely not alone) have provided law enforcement to gradually
take down the opposition, not all at once but in the Snowden-Greenwald
manner, to slowly dribble prosecutions for maximum effect, promising
"much, much more to come?"

@_date: 2013-11-17 17:53:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Request for transcript: "Writers Especially Concerned About NSA Actions" 
That herd behavior is disappointing but customary cowardice.
Worse happened after 9/11. Many once valiant FOI fighters cleansed
their websites and heralded the need to obey the war-mongerers, and
urgently cautioned others as if the propaganda was believable.
No doubt, this self-censorship is market-driven to please
funders, advertizers and publishers who dare not displease their
dinner companions at Aspen, Davos, Bohemian Grove, and for
sure the DC centroid of privileged access to valuable information,
much of it spy boosting leakage of the Snowden type.
The heavy censorship of the Snowden documents by the hoarders
and their extremely slow pace of release while rhetorizing and
hyping the minimalist product fits this spy-favorite marketing
NPR is not what it used to appear to be. It has booted and censored
a slew of its reporters, editors and contributors. Not alone, the
journalism industry is panicked at loss of customers and is rushing
to cleanse its harem. Poor discards are deperately seeking Omidyar
and Soros invitation to their opium dens as if from frying pan into
the fire.

@_date: 2013-12-22 23:35:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Vegetation Comsec 
A characteristic of plants is that because they expect to
be eaten, they do not have vital organs, and regenerate
parts taken.
Thus, if a ciphersystem expected to be broken, it might
be able to mend the break, sacrifice parts to protect the
whole, without disclosing full content.
Surely there is a sytem that already does this. Multi-level
security may be close.
That a plant cannot move but depends upon absorbing
nutrients in its locale or delivered by movable actors --
insects, wind, rain, animals, other plant seeds -- might
also suggest a way to protect static machines and
Surely that is being done.
In both cases parts are sacrificed to movable actors who
are deluded to believe they rule over lesser beings which
they cannot understand.
So where are the eatable broken crypto which regenerates
itself without giving up full content, and networks which
are protected by use and traffic passing through? Tor might
be close to the latter for protecting content but the
hardware remains vulnerable.

@_date: 2013-12-18 16:50:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] acoustic side channel attacks against TEMPEST shielded equipment 
Excellent pointer. Full paper published today, 18 Dec 2013:
RSA Key Extraction via Low-Bandwidth Acoustic Cryptanalysis, by Genkin, Shamir, Tromer:

@_date: 2013-12-16 21:02:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Bruce Schneier to leave BT 
Working on classified and unclassified projects on the same
or related topics, subject to NDAs and secrecy clearance agreements.
While also working the public celebrity arena leaking hints and yarps
about what's behind the cloak that cannot be disclosed.
Corresponds roughly to dual-use technology, such as, notably,
crypto, nuclear, biological, chemical, radiological. These and much
other dual-use technology are fulsomely described in global export
control regimes, like the Wassenaar Arrangement. But quite a
few dual-use controls are themselves secret. Finance gets a lot
of open and classified attention. Crypto is a pretty good pathfinder
to trace the other technologies and their profiteers, so it gets a
special place in the pantheon of lucrative treachery, right up
there next to law and politics, all dual-hatted, so duplictious that
mere duality of forked-tongues should be understood as

@_date: 2013-12-08 17:49:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA morale down 
Most NSA employees, like all spy agencies, do not participate
directly in special ops, any more than most military members
do not engage in combat. So they are terribly displeased when
the exposed war carnage breaks the bubble of prestige and
admiration bestowed on the whole clan for recruitment,
pensions, awards and ceremonial burial. NSA had a relatively
clean record, compared to other spies, until the fan was
hit with Snowden.
Snowden learned that working for a spy or military contractor
under guise of ennobling public service is a shock at how
badly hires and ex-officials are treated: produce and fulfill
new contracts damn quickly or get the fuck out. So he got
All the perks of official service are no where to be seen,
and being shit on by bosses is much worse than that of the
non-secretkeepers who can abuse with impunity on behalf
natsec. To earn the dirty-work salaries means to eat their
shit, no valor, no medals, no pride, just shameless profits.
Which is why quite a few go back into official service after
a taste of raw capitalism always rotting. And, not least, why
even more adjust their ethics and morals to fit what the
corporations expect for predator-grade dollars a year.
Thus, millionaire Michael Hayden, who led the privatizing
initiative with a gang of venal directors and is reaping
payola for demonizing Snowden. And so is Alexander
preparing a place in that select TS/SCI Codeword crowd.
Infosec-comsec firms and experts play this duplicity game
exceedingly well, feet in both camps, hands in both pockets,
via dual-use tech and contracts, and it is to be expected that
evidence of that classified duplicity is being withheld by the
Snowden information managers, aided and abetted by those
very experts in lawful business corruption and deception,
protected by secrecy. Clues repeatedly proclaimed
by the press outlets: officials ask, demand, threaten,
don't publish names, addresses, emails, contractors'
names. Kiriakou and Hammond await you.
The sweet smell of success: joining the secretkeeping
crowd for future rewards by way of irresistable offers.
Guess how much will be offered to deliver Snowden and
his unpublished cache (if not Greenwald and Poitras too)
by one or more of his information fences by bribe and
threat? Sabu is ROTFLHAO, wearing a medal for taking
the piss.
Probably the biggest downer for the nobody NSA grunts
is observing the golden rewards of lying to the public. If
that disenchantment goes the right way, there well be
a steady stream of Snowdens delivering their bundles
to publishes, or best, self-publishing and bypassing
the venal MTMs enjoying fucking over sources.

@_date: 2013-12-03 14:35:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Willis Ware Dies 
Willis Ware dies, early computer engineer:
Seminal computer security paper 1979:

@_date: 2013-12-12 15:08:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Which encryption chips are compromised? 
Please stop this suicidal, treacherous discussion. You're undermining
the global industry of weak crypto and comsec. That counts as economic
terrorism in all the countries who abide arms control, export control,
copyright, capitalism, heirarchical rule, suppression of dissent, lawful
spying, breaking and entering black jobs, ubiquitous spying on each other
and everybody else, in particular what NRO terms "unobservable
and unknown phenomena," and a lot of other secret stuff which can
only be revealed by low-ranked knobheads sure to be burned at the
stake by their cowardly protectors for the irresistable allure of IPO
millions based on government contracts to keep this shit among
us. Got that? This is a place to share fudging how it should work,
and does now and then. You think  this is bullshit, dontcha? Well, it
aint. Why look at the rising use of Tor, PFS, TLS, those rat-infested
private keyservers and millions of eaters of Symantec back-doored
dookie-pie. You seen any US producers of comsec go under yet?
No, and you wont, for they are locked into surefire global success
when failure is built into their products. Screwing customers and
citizens with faulty comsec, what's wrong with that, where you been,
that's patriotic, and damn profitable. Sure, call for outraged dissent,
fine, great, if that moves the ponzi, balloons those bitcoins.

@_date: 2013-12-12 15:08:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Which encryption chips are compromised? 
Please stop this suicidal, treacherous discussion. You're undermining
the global industry of weak crypto and comsec. That counts as economic
terrorism in all the countries who abide arms control, export control,
copyright, capitalism, heirarchical rule, suppression of dissent, lawful
spying, breaking and entering black jobs, ubiquitous spying on each other
and everybody else, in particular what NRO terms "unobservable
and unknown phenomena," and a lot of other secret stuff which can
only be revealed by low-ranked knobheads sure to be burned at the
stake by their cowardly protectors for the irresistable allure of IPO
millions based on government contracts to keep this shit among
us. Got that? This is a place to share fudging how it should work,
and does now and then. You think  this is bullshit, dontcha? Well, it
aint. Why look at the rising use of Tor, PFS, TLS, those rat-infested
private keyservers and millions of eaters of Symantec back-doored
dookie-pie. You seen any US producers of comsec go under yet?
No, and you wont, for they are locked into surefire global success
when failure is built into their products. Screwing customers and
citizens with faulty comsec, what's wrong with that, where you been,
that's patriotic, and damn profitable. Sure, call for outraged dissent,
fine, great, if that moves the ponzi, balloons those bitcoins.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-18 16:50:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [cryptome] acoustic side channel attacks against TEMPEST shielded equipment 
Excellent pointer. Full paper published today, 18 Dec 2013:
RSA Key Extraction via Low-Bandwidth Acoustic Cryptanalysis, by Genkin, Shamir, Tromer:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-21 02:22:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Vegetation Comsec 
Proceeding with novel comsec investigations, the New Yorker
this week has an article on plant communication and intelligence
and how they differ from those of animals.
Plant signaling with chemical emissions was intriguing, as were
signals sent through proxies such as insects.
Plant perception of hazards, sensing sources of water, light,
air, nutrients, kin, enemies is suggestive for veggie comsec.
And all this is based on being tethered to the ground, immobile
thus having to do what animals do by different means, barely
perceptible to animals, slow moving, but effective in competing
with other plants as well as animals.
Darwin wrote the seminal work, but current scientists are
deeply involved in what some call "neurobiology" in which
brain-like activites are accomplished by vegetable swarms
of signals and networks without animal brains. Albeit root
stems searching for water and nutrients appear to behave
like brains below ground, while veggie sex occurs above
This raises the prospect of using plant capabilities in
emissions of chemicals and finding nutrients in signaling,
SIGINT, comsec, infosec and crypto.
Has anyone seen reports on this? Or on chemical transceiving
for comsec? Public key as a plant with unique biological
identity which absorbs or emits decrypt signal? The use of insect
and chemical proxies?
An amusing account is that of a CIA polygrapher claiming
to exchage signals with plants, discovered by hooking up
a polygraph to them. He said he could just think of burning
a nearby plant for the plant to initiate defenses. His claims were
later discounted but remind of the long-running mind control
research by US and Russia. And the unkillable kudzu of
lie detectors.

@_date: 2013-12-21 02:22:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Vegetation Comsec 
Proceeding with novel comsec investigations, the New Yorker
this week has an article on plant communication and intelligence
and how they differ from those of animals.
Plant signaling with chemical emissions was intriguing, as were
signals sent through proxies such as insects.
Plant perception of hazards, sensing sources of water, light,
air, nutrients, kin, enemies is suggestive for veggie comsec.
And all this is based on being tethered to the ground, immobile
thus having to do what animals do by different means, barely
perceptible to animals, slow moving, but effective in competing
with other plants as well as animals.
Darwin wrote the seminal work, but current scientists are
deeply involved in what some call "neurobiology" in which
brain-like activites are accomplished by vegetable swarms
of signals and networks without animal brains. Albeit root
stems searching for water and nutrients appear to behave
like brains below ground, while veggie sex occurs above
This raises the prospect of using plant capabilities in
emissions of chemicals and finding nutrients in signaling,
SIGINT, comsec, infosec and crypto.
Has anyone seen reports on this? Or on chemical transceiving
for comsec? Public key as a plant with unique biological
identity which absorbs or emits decrypt signal? The use of insect
and chemical proxies?
An amusing account is that of a CIA polygrapher claiming
to exchage signals with plants, discovered by hooking up
a polygraph to them. He said he could just think of burning
a nearby plant for the plant to initiate defenses. His claims were
later discounted but remind of the long-running mind control
research by US and Russia. And the unkillable kudzu of
lie detectors.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-31 22:43:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Brian Carroll rightly expands the discussion of pervasive targeting by
ubiquitous technology.
In architecture, for example, the increasing use of automation
for controlling building systems -- HVAC, electrical, plumbing,
security among others -- poses considerable vulnerabilities
beyond legacy analog controls. Many of the automated systems
are administered remotely over telephone, cable and
wireless networks. Others are controlled locally within
structures. Some are secured with encryption but many
are not. And few are TEMPEST-protected outside military
and governmental facilities.
We have found that few architects and building engineers are
knowledgeable about building automated systems nor the variety
of means to secure and protect them. They are customarily designed,
operated and maintained by specialty firms not traditional
building designers.
Moreover we have found that building management and
maintenance staff rely upon outside firms for advanced
technology, thus subjecting their facilties to unsupervised
interventions by outside personnel who may themselves
be sub-contractors, and sub-subs for each component
of automation.
In short, it is fairly easy to interdict and access building
automation systems for implanting devices, injecting
packets, tampering with OSes, siphoning networks,
temporarily suspending security, all the things recently
revealed in the 30c3 presentations.
Digital security and TSCM experts are familiar with many
of these vulnerabilities but there is a common practice
to specialize in services (often at client request) and
neglect comprehensive coverage. For example, to inspect
communications and security systems but not HVAC,
plumbing, electrical and automation systems which often
have far more inadvertent emitters and transceivers contained
in extensive components throughout a structure.
NSA TAO and the joint CIA-NSA Special Collection Service
are especially capable to expoit these gaps, and usually
send teams composed of experts in each building system
to determine a comprehensive attack on vulnerabilities,
and shrewdly, planting multiple and various decoys to
mislead counterspies.
A catalog of these full-scope operations would be quite
informative and perhaps diminish the effectiveness of
ruses and decoys, in particular the kind of solo operation
valorized in movies, books and TV.

@_date: 2013-12-31 22:43:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Brian Carroll rightly expands the discussion of pervasive targeting by
ubiquitous technology.
In architecture, for example, the increasing use of automation
for controlling building systems -- HVAC, electrical, plumbing,
security among others -- poses considerable vulnerabilities
beyond legacy analog controls. Many of the automated systems
are administered remotely over telephone, cable and
wireless networks. Others are controlled locally within
structures. Some are secured with encryption but many
are not. And few are TEMPEST-protected outside military
and governmental facilities.
We have found that few architects and building engineers are
knowledgeable about building automated systems nor the variety
of means to secure and protect them. They are customarily designed,
operated and maintained by specialty firms not traditional
building designers.
Moreover we have found that building management and
maintenance staff rely upon outside firms for advanced
technology, thus subjecting their facilties to unsupervised
interventions by outside personnel who may themselves
be sub-contractors, and sub-subs for each component
of automation.
In short, it is fairly easy to interdict and access building
automation systems for implanting devices, injecting
packets, tampering with OSes, siphoning networks,
temporarily suspending security, all the things recently
revealed in the 30c3 presentations.
Digital security and TSCM experts are familiar with many
of these vulnerabilities but there is a common practice
to specialize in services (often at client request) and
neglect comprehensive coverage. For example, to inspect
communications and security systems but not HVAC,
plumbing, electrical and automation systems which often
have far more inadvertent emitters and transceivers contained
in extensive components throughout a structure.
NSA TAO and the joint CIA-NSA Special Collection Service
are especially capable to expoit these gaps, and usually
send teams composed of experts in each building system
to determine a comprehensive attack on vulnerabilities,
and shrewdly, planting multiple and various decoys to
mislead counterspies.
A catalog of these full-scope operations would be quite
informative and perhaps diminish the effectiveness of
ruses and decoys, in particular the kind of solo operation
valorized in movies, books and TV.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-31 20:10:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
30c3 slides from Jacob Appelbaum:
 (3.8MB)
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-07 11:24:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: infra-org (urls) 
Contact mics for acquiring vibration and resonance emanations
are among the still classified TEMPEST offensive and defensive
activities, along with other multi-sensory and -physical acquisition
and transmission technologies.
The celebrated EM components of TEMPEST are commonly
used as subterfuges, ruses and ploys to divert attention from
the non-EM -- which an almost limitless number of animals and
other creatures use for SIGINT and COMINT, and a few like
Brian, unfettered by industry conceits, use for full-spectrum
TSCM pros have made much of the EM threat and little of the
other, or pretend to do so. The US Embassy Moscow cavity
resonance bug, and a few others, are highlighted for the
same diversion from the slew of others inadvertently
Thanks again to Brian for broadening the discussion from
narrow focus on crypto prowess and simple-minded EM
and TSCM, a narrowness which might be considered a
long running ploy not so different from the Snowden gush
generating reams of Chicken Little narrative beloved
by the comsec industry guided by its nose toward cash
and ignoring its tell-taling stench.

@_date: 2013-12-08 18:12:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
The earliest and most enduring form of infosec -- crypt-crypto --
is non-EM, non-language, non-homo-erectus. Current versions contain
vestigals of those primitives in what is disingenuously termed
implementation. And it is in implementation where most comsec
failures occur and where most successes succeed. Code is
closer to whistling in the dark, baying at the moon, offering newborns
to hungry wolves.
Implementation is 99.99+% of infosec-comsec, perhaps 100%.
Code hardly scratches the surface and might be constructively
seen as a ruse, a strategem, concocted and promoted to delude.
Delusion is the prime purpose of implementation. Code inebriation
creates phantasms of security by ignoring signs of predators
aprowl where coders live, work, sleep, chat OTR and post.
David Kahn, among others, amply desribes the range of
implementation, its short-term successes and long-term
delusions. Nothing finer in Carolina than belief in an
invulnerable cryptosystem. Less noticed is the effectiveness
of promulgating an invulnerable comsec or cryptosystem to
encourage widespread use. As seen today, not only in the
fantastic rise of the comsec industry but also in the frantic
efforts to keep the ball rolling to counter Snowden's
disclosures of delusion.
i need to make note of this observation because it has special
Rest good stuff elided.

@_date: 2013-12-16 17:32:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Bruce Schneier to leave BT 
Would be great for the other dual-hats to follow Schneier's example,
with fuller accounts of what has been going on behind NDAs and
clearances. A dripped released is hardly sufficient, maybe justifiably
Remains to be seen if all spy ties are severed or just go darker
and deeper, as usual, into the repurposed Black Chamber to
hide with celebrity and outrage what is blatantly devious -- in
the crypto legacy manner.
Isn't that what this unfettered open forum dumpster is urging
duplicitously from DoB of cryptoanarchy?
Whither cryptoanarchy's billionaire, if not TLAs, Soros, Sim,
Murdoch, Gates, Ellison, Bezos, Omidyar, Kochs, Saudis,
Russians, Windsors, China, Kuwait, Oman, Ford, Rockefeller,
so many, so sneaky.
As Assange said to early charges of CIA/Soros funding,
"we should be so lucky, all donations welcomed." Word.

@_date: 2013-12-17 19:20:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen discuss a post-Snowden Internet 
You understand I am Juan, Jon, Ian, Ivan, Giovanni and
Jean. And Julian and Ed and Chelsea. Chinese, Russian,
Iranian and terrorist. All undifferentiated in a haystack of
PRISM and drone demons.
Hurling insults aid finding the easiest to turn or burn.

@_date: 2013-12-17 19:09:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Jacob impervious to "Rubber Hose Cryptanalysis" performed by Stewart Baker 
A good point, Jake. That status quo of commercial journalism.
What's better than advocacy journalism subservience?
How about an unfettered unredacted disclosure for unlimited
access free of censorious redaction and withholding?
And giving up the "dump" red herring, WikiLeaks is unfairly
accused of that, and has been considerably more various,
experimental and risk-taking than professional journalism.
It would do well to give up the privileged protection of
journalism which demeans its reputation.
Exceptions to the cowardice of journalism abound, but have
to be found so little are they known and credited beyond naming
awards, and they defy the presumed status quo of what is
permissable lawful and craven. Yes, many went to jail rather
than bray about the jailing of others, reaping the rewards of
consulting with authorities to maintain access.
Hoped you had nutted Stew Baker, a lying sack of shit.

@_date: 2013-12-22 19:11:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: RSA complicity or not in the EC_DBRG backdoor (Re: Human scum: Jim Bidzous of RSA) 
Interesting ovelapping dates for Bidzos' participation in RSA and Verisign.
Does the alleged tampering with RSA extend to Verisign? We use a
Verisign token. Is that suspect?
James Bidzos is president and chief executive officer of Verisign. He also serves as chairman of the board of directors and has been executive chairman since August 2009.
As the founder of Verisign, Bidzos is an Internet and security industry pioneer whose accomplishments include building RSA Security into the early standard-bearer for authentication and encryption, and launching Verisign as a company in 1995 to develop the digital certificate infrastructure for Internet commerce.
Before returning to the president and chief executive role in August 2011, Bidzos served as Verisign's first president and CEO and also served as Verisign's chairman of the board of directors from April 1995 until December 2001, as vice chairman from December 2001 to July 2007, and as interim CEO from July 2008 to August 2009. Bidzos served as president and CEO of RSA Security from 1986 to February 1999, and then served as RSA's vice chairman from 1999 to May 2002.
Recently, Bidzos was inducted into The National Cyber Security Hall of Fame. He is also one of Time Magazine's "Digital 50" and is in CRN's Computer Industry Hall of Fame.

@_date: 2014-01-07 14:31:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Omidyar influence in new Greenwald venture [was: SRF: cryptic] 
GG is to be complimented for engaging on Twitter. That could be
the most lasting of the outlets due to its free swarming and lack of
wealth accumulation and concentration by hierarchical rewarding
of the very top, commercial journalism (acknowledging the Twitter
owners stealing the values of the free tweets). Tweets are only
about self- and product promotion. Not like this grafitti billboard.
Most of GG's statement comes right out of Silicon Valley playbook
for acquiring hard-luck journalism. Use of "thrilling" is the clue the
saved emit upon envisioning the IPO, which is what GG is PRing
about as required of NGO beneficiaries of great wealth.
The Snowden pact was superceded by the Omidyar pact.
A buyout of a fledgling venture by a vulture continuing to
prowl for rabbits. The vulture is the commercial components
coutured by the non-profits. GG is disingenuous about the
separation, as PGP was about Symantec takeover, as
RSA was about EMC's.
Many journalists aquired by Omidyar and Bezos have made
similar statements of "irresistable" rescue by better endowed
kingpins. And, yes, founders do appreciate the windfall, sign
NDAs, relieve their desperate families, and move on to being
celebrities, their brands prostituted to continue the windfall
deal to keep quiet, to say nothing disparaging.
Seymour Hersh and many others have told about their experinences
with short-attention span of journalist publishers and their advertisers,
TV producers, movie underwriters as fans move massively toward
other markets.
Edward Snowden should prepare to be royally screwed as Manning
has been. This is the ancient tradition of brass sacrificing grunts
for noble causes, the careers of generals and above.

@_date: 2014-01-03 16:36:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] question 
Given the fact that Levison states:
 >
 > This experience has taught me one very important lesson: without
 > congressional action or a strong judicial precedent, I would
 > _strongly_ recommend against anyone trusting their private data to a
 > company with physical ties to the United States.
 >
 > Sincerely,
 > Ladar Levison
 > Owner and Operator, Lavabit LLC
Iceland may be the only one, and that may be short-lived before
it is expropriated by open and/or secret undermining.
Or it is likely a honey pot like so many other dropboxes,
pastes, leak sites, privacy and FOI initiatives. Big business now
offering ways to avoid boogie-spies, aka "cybersecurity," by
govs, coms, edus, orgs, sec experts.
All other countries are more intrusive than the US, and all
are becoming even more intrusive thanks to the booming
industry of intrusive hardware, software, programs, staffing,
contracting, higher education, co-optation of comsec experts,
freedom of information organizations, religious institutions
and many others who are benefiting from data mining of
their supporters by selling information either directly or
through second and third parties, in many cases, those
sales are occurring by system administrators, temporary
employees and volunteers, informants, ex-employees
and volunteers,
Web sites, and mail lists, like this one, news outlets,
leak sites, conference organizers, educational institutions
and innumerable others are gathering and selling data as
fast as possible before legal restrictions are enacted.
These private spying entrepreneurs are fearful that the
crackdown on official spies will spill over into their opportunism,
their windfall, their golden goose of data exploitation.
Ubiquitous log files, ostensibly required for system
administration, are the gold mines which implicate every
sneak-thief operator of public, private, governmental, NGO,
commercial venues.

@_date: 2014-01-08 22:49:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Thanks. We posted the Wassenaar changes on Cryptome
on December 19.
The intrusion software has received some but not sufficient
attention. And beyond the sections you cite there are many
covering other technologies which interrelate and affect crypto.
Those have received even less attention, at least in crypto
world as far as we have seen.
The means to transceive crypto continue to be its Achilles
heel and appear headed toward crippling the whole body -- the
bubble in which crypto exists precariously dependent on
sophisticated support systems which, as seen in the Snowden
minimal releases, have overwhelmed public crypto security, not
least by leaving the impression public crypto was highly effective.
More attention to the support system presumably will be given
as the Snowden releases recommence, now dead stopped.
Greenwald claimed recently  that cryptographers and other
techies are now reviewing the material, much of which is
beyond the capabilities of journalists, lawyers and politicians.
The stumbling block of comprehensive Snowden disclosures
is that to do so, allegedly, could severely damage national security.
Uh oh, that terrible aroma of complicity to protect secrets
too dangerous for the public to know. Instead a few select experts
are allowed to perfomr dual-hat assessments. Which is what has led
to the current imbroglio of public and expert distrust: who watches
the dual-hat experts who operate under the cloak of secrecy.

@_date: 2014-01-08 22:49:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Thanks. We posted the Wassenaar changes on Cryptome
on December 19.
The intrusion software has received some but not sufficient
attention. And beyond the sections you cite there are many
covering other technologies which interrelate and affect crypto.
Those have received even less attention, at least in crypto
world as far as we have seen.
The means to transceive crypto continue to be its Achilles
heel and appear headed toward crippling the whole body -- the
bubble in which crypto exists precariously dependent on
sophisticated support systems which, as seen in the Snowden
minimal releases, have overwhelmed public crypto security, not
least by leaving the impression public crypto was highly effective.
More attention to the support system presumably will be given
as the Snowden releases recommence, now dead stopped.
Greenwald claimed recently  that cryptographers and other
techies are now reviewing the material, much of which is
beyond the capabilities of journalists, lawyers and politicians.
The stumbling block of comprehensive Snowden disclosures
is that to do so, allegedly, could severely damage national security.
Uh oh, that terrible aroma of complicity to protect secrets
too dangerous for the public to know. Instead a few select experts
are allowed to perfomr dual-hat assessments. Which is what has led
to the current imbroglio of public and expert distrust: who watches
the dual-hat experts who operate under the cloak of secrecy.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-06 17:32:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Logs needed run the Internet steadily, securely and cheaply
are not what logs files have grown into: Bloated, malicious,
exploitive and very lucrative spying on users. This is why there
are thousands of firms providing log files exploitation programs
and services. Every product manufacturer touts its spying
capabilities through innocent sounding "log files" ostensibly
serving administrative purpose but then just below that claim
are the burgeoning other uses of maximizing profits.
Log files are metadata of the Internet, the tip of a giant
iceberg of metadata. This is the dirty secret, the family
jewels, of the Internet, carefully rationalized and guarded
by sysadmins. Sysadmins have become the traitors, or
patriots, of the Internet. Traitors against the public, patriots
for the powerful exploiters of the Internet.
Exploitation of bloated little known, behind the public
scene log files exceeds that of all search engines combined.
Exceeds offiical spying in all nations. Indeed, facilitates
spying in all nations for generous fees and to diffuse
understanding of how cyber spying works, who its
architects are, what is the architecture. Snowden hints
are this but so far only pretty facades have been disclosed,
the underlying operation apparently to threatening to "national
security" to be revealed to the public. Sysadmins just adore
being foundational to this architecture of deceit
The argument log files are essential to run the Internet is
a cover for the huge industry which goes right through that
tiny aperture of access to construct an unbelievable spying
operation, far more insidious than that of the official spies,
which as we know merely copy the industry and buy a small
number of its products.

@_date: 2014-01-06 17:32:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Logs needed run the Internet steadily, securely and cheaply
are not what logs files have grown into: Bloated, malicious,
exploitive and very lucrative spying on users. This is why there
are thousands of firms providing log files exploitation programs
and services. Every product manufacturer touts its spying
capabilities through innocent sounding "log files" ostensibly
serving administrative purpose but then just below that claim
are the burgeoning other uses of maximizing profits.
Log files are metadata of the Internet, the tip of a giant
iceberg of metadata. This is the dirty secret, the family
jewels, of the Internet, carefully rationalized and guarded
by sysadmins. Sysadmins have become the traitors, or
patriots, of the Internet. Traitors against the public, patriots
for the powerful exploiters of the Internet.
Exploitation of bloated little known, behind the public
scene log files exceeds that of all search engines combined.
Exceeds offiical spying in all nations. Indeed, facilitates
spying in all nations for generous fees and to diffuse
understanding of how cyber spying works, who its
architects are, what is the architecture. Snowden hints
are this but so far only pretty facades have been disclosed,
the underlying operation apparently to threatening to "national
security" to be revealed to the public. Sysadmins just adore
being foundational to this architecture of deceit
The argument log files are essential to run the Internet is
a cover for the huge industry which goes right through that
tiny aperture of access to construct an unbelievable spying
operation, far more insidious than that of the official spies,
which as we know merely copy the industry and buy a small
number of its products.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-05 00:01:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
If your server or ISP generates log files, as all do, you cannot
be secure. If upstream servers generate log files, as all do,
you cannot be secure. If local, regional, national and international
servers generate log files, as all do, you cannot be secure.
So long as log files are ubiquitous on the Internet, no one can
be secure.
Log files are the fundamental weakness of the Internet
because system administrators claim the Internet cannot
be managed and maintained without them.
This is not true, it is merely an urban legend to conceal
the interests of system administrators and their customers
to exploit Internet user data.
There is no fundamental need for log files, except to
perpetuate the other urban legend, privacy policy, which
conceals the abuse of log files by web site operators
and their cooperation with "lawful" orders to reveal
user data, most often by being paid to reveal that
data to authorities, to sponsors, to funders, to
advertisers, to scholars, to private investigators,
to inside and outside lawyers, to serial cohorts,
cartels and combines, to providers and purchasers
of web sites, to educators of cyber employees,
to courts, to cybersecurity firms, to journalists, to
anybody who has the slightest justification to exploit
Internet freedom of information by way of phony
security, privacy and anonymizing schemes.
In this way, the Internet corrupts its advocates by
inducing the gathering and exploiting user data, .
It is likely your organizaion is doing this ubiquitous
shit by pretending to ask for advice on security.
As if there is any. NSA is us.

@_date: 2014-01-05 00:01:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
If your server or ISP generates log files, as all do, you cannot
be secure. If upstream servers generate log files, as all do,
you cannot be secure. If local, regional, national and international
servers generate log files, as all do, you cannot be secure.
So long as log files are ubiquitous on the Internet, no one can
be secure.
Log files are the fundamental weakness of the Internet
because system administrators claim the Internet cannot
be managed and maintained without them.
This is not true, it is merely an urban legend to conceal
the interests of system administrators and their customers
to exploit Internet user data.
There is no fundamental need for log files, except to
perpetuate the other urban legend, privacy policy, which
conceals the abuse of log files by web site operators
and their cooperation with "lawful" orders to reveal
user data, most often by being paid to reveal that
data to authorities, to sponsors, to funders, to
advertisers, to scholars, to private investigators,
to inside and outside lawyers, to serial cohorts,
cartels and combines, to providers and purchasers
of web sites, to educators of cyber employees,
to courts, to cybersecurity firms, to journalists, to
anybody who has the slightest justification to exploit
Internet freedom of information by way of phony
security, privacy and anonymizing schemes.
In this way, the Internet corrupts its advocates by
inducing the gathering and exploiting user data, .
It is likely your organizaion is doing this ubiquitous
shit by pretending to ask for advice on security.
As if there is any. NSA is us.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-01 13:37:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Jake's, Assange's and others' emphasis at 30c3 was to pursue
technological offenses rather than futile expectation of political,
financial and legal controls of spying which inevitably confirm
what spies do, for it is in their interest to support spyin and
secrecy to maintain hegemonic, heirarchial institutions under
"the rule of law."
Reminder, at the origin of cypherpunks there was a crackdown
on encryption as a munitions. That skirmish was thought to
have been won. Now Snowden has revealed that victory
was a delusion, the real one-sided battle was fought
surreptiously in secret, not only by contaminating crypto
but by development of bypasses, implants, backdoors,
booby traps, ruses, scams, bribes, dual-hatted contracts
with crypto-hackers.
Can an openly avowed combat on the technologies of political
control (1) work or will it be demonized, fought by secret
underhanded means? Public debate deployed as a ruse in
the 1990s as now.
(1) An Appraisal of the Technologies of Political Control
This combat is about far more than crypto and coders must
be supplemented with all the discplines of science and
technology which are now serving industry and the
"lawful" hegemons.
30c3 advocated a direct attack on these means, not wait for
the public debate to be rigged in favor of the hegemon with
PR, propaganda, lobbying, bribery, contracts, scare stories,
terrifying incidents, the customary dirty fighting and tricks of
spies and "defense" industry.
Is that technological attack on the political, financial, legal
hegemon likely to succeed? Or will the crackdown on
armed (technological) dissent become as violent as it has
in the past?
There is a likelihood encryption will be restricted, by fiat,
by planting weaknesses, by covert attacks, by technological
bypasses, by rigged failures to create doubt of effectiveness.
That was the way CryptoAG operation was run. Now the RSA
ploy is operative. Is the effect of Snowden to be a series
of ploys and ruses. Worse, hop on board the paranoia train,
is Snowden a disinfo op for leaking gobs of ruses?
A singular feature of hegemons is that they are dominated by
"self-regulating organizations" which set the terms and conditions
of the ruling entity, assure enforcement of the rules, and perpetuate
themselves under "self-regulation."
These are successors of royalty which instead of divine right,
backed by military power, they invoke the "Constitution," a law
which distinctively empowers "lawful" behavior according to the
rules of the hegemon.
No wonder the US promotes constitutional government around
the planet, backed by military power, most often by denigrating
other forms of government.
A striking parallel is the rise of the clerics in Europe as an alternative
to religious hegemons. From clerics came lawyerly self-regulating
hegemons. A new religion hidden within supremacist judges' black
Enough of lawful self-regulation in secrecy, unpunishable by
lawful means. Justice is out of control, prison populations stuffed,
bloated law enforcement and spies raiding the public till, private
spies, cops and mercenaries worse than the official, or
Back to the military which backs the hegemons. Technology
controls its effectiveness, thus the need for the hegemons to
control manufacture, distribution, ownership and application
of military means. Concentration of wealth through government
regulation, economic and tax policy, and military supremacy
reifies special privileges and exculpations for the enforcers
of law. Law->taxation->enforcement->informants->spying->
assassination->military action.

@_date: 2014-01-01 13:37:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Jake's, Assange's and others' emphasis at 30c3 was to pursue
technological offenses rather than futile expectation of political,
financial and legal controls of spying which inevitably confirm
what spies do, for it is in their interest to support spyin and
secrecy to maintain hegemonic, heirarchial institutions under
"the rule of law."
Reminder, at the origin of cypherpunks there was a crackdown
on encryption as a munitions. That skirmish was thought to
have been won. Now Snowden has revealed that victory
was a delusion, the real one-sided battle was fought
surreptiously in secret, not only by contaminating crypto
but by development of bypasses, implants, backdoors,
booby traps, ruses, scams, bribes, dual-hatted contracts
with crypto-hackers.
Can an openly avowed combat on the technologies of political
control (1) work or will it be demonized, fought by secret
underhanded means? Public debate deployed as a ruse in
the 1990s as now.
(1) An Appraisal of the Technologies of Political Control
This combat is about far more than crypto and coders must
be supplemented with all the discplines of science and
technology which are now serving industry and the
"lawful" hegemons.
30c3 advocated a direct attack on these means, not wait for
the public debate to be rigged in favor of the hegemon with
PR, propaganda, lobbying, bribery, contracts, scare stories,
terrifying incidents, the customary dirty fighting and tricks of
spies and "defense" industry.
Is that technological attack on the political, financial, legal
hegemon likely to succeed? Or will the crackdown on
armed (technological) dissent become as violent as it has
in the past?
There is a likelihood encryption will be restricted, by fiat,
by planting weaknesses, by covert attacks, by technological
bypasses, by rigged failures to create doubt of effectiveness.
That was the way CryptoAG operation was run. Now the RSA
ploy is operative. Is the effect of Snowden to be a series
of ploys and ruses. Worse, hop on board the paranoia train,
is Snowden a disinfo op for leaking gobs of ruses?
A singular feature of hegemons is that they are dominated by
"self-regulating organizations" which set the terms and conditions
of the ruling entity, assure enforcement of the rules, and perpetuate
themselves under "self-regulation."
These are successors of royalty which instead of divine right,
backed by military power, they invoke the "Constitution," a law
which distinctively empowers "lawful" behavior according to the
rules of the hegemon.
No wonder the US promotes constitutional government around
the planet, backed by military power, most often by denigrating
other forms of government.
A striking parallel is the rise of the clerics in Europe as an alternative
to religious hegemons. From clerics came lawyerly self-regulating
hegemons. A new religion hidden within supremacist judges' black
Enough of lawful self-regulation in secrecy, unpunishable by
lawful means. Justice is out of control, prison populations stuffed,
bloated law enforcement and spies raiding the public till, private
spies, cops and mercenaries worse than the official, or
Back to the military which backs the hegemons. Technology
controls its effectiveness, thus the need for the hegemons to
control manufacture, distribution, ownership and application
of military means. Concentration of wealth through government
regulation, economic and tax policy, and military supremacy
reifies special privileges and exculpations for the enforcers
of law. Law->taxation->enforcement->informants->spying->
assassination->military action.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-09 00:22:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Omidyar-Greenwald Scam to Sell Crypto? 
Pierre Omidyar's Business Model for First Look is Like a Second Life or Anti-Virus Guard Scam
Pierre Omidyar's Business Model for First Look is Like a
Second Life or Anti-Virus Guard

@_date: 2014-01-09 00:22:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Omidyar-Greenwald Scam to Sell Crypto? 
Pierre Omidyar's Business Model for First Look is Like a Second Life or Anti-Virus Guard Scam
Pierre Omidyar's Business Model for First Look is Like a
Second Life or Anti-Virus Guard

@_date: 2014-01-13 17:01:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hector "Sabu" Monsegur Sentencing 2 April 2014 
Hector "Sabu" Monsegur sentencing 2 April 2014:
This is the latest postponement as Sabu continues assisting
authorities sweep up his confederates and other cyber targets.
Also helped by an undentified informant who ratted Sabu.
This has netted about 16 indictments, presumably more in
the pipeline, some of whom are likely pressured to name
even more.
Fantastic security business, shopping anonymouses.

@_date: 2014-01-13 16:58:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Hector "Sabu" Monsegur Sentencing 2 April 2014 
Hector "Sabu" Monsegur sentencing 2 April 2014:
This is the latest postponement as Sabu continues assisting
authorities sweep up his confederates and other cyber targets.
Also helped by an undentified informant who ratted Sabu.
This has netted about 16 indictments, presumably more in
the pipeline, some of whom are likely pressured to name
even more.
Fantastic security business, shopping anonymouses.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-17 13:02:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
James, you protest too much, not that there's anything wrong with it.
There is much to be revealed about the indigination and outrage
racket driving security marketing flim-flam from natsec to comsec.
"Dig deeper into the origins of RSA, as in Addison Fischer (and business
partners), and you'll arrive at the real shady dealmakers. I know, I was his
neighbor for quite awhile.  At the time Jim Bidzos was a fairly unimportant
creature, and  Burt Kaliski and Art Corviello weren't even heard of."
The relevant analogy is not that a dam might fail, but that the builders were paid ten million dollars to make sure it failed when the town's enemies wanted it to fail by planting dynamite in the dam.
This is not business as usual.  We will not continue in this path.  We will not continue to use dam builders who put dynamite in their dams.
People are not going to accept RSA solutions, and they are not going to accept IETF solutions.
You cannot just say that shit happens, and continue business as normal.  That is not going to fly. cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-16 15:28:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference   boycott 
Punishing RSA is work for bloodthirsty media and its fans. Public
crypto needs much better to offer the public than entertaining
evanescent revenge.
3DES is intriguing. Publicizing a list of other well-tested ciphersystems
would be constructive alternatives to "nothing can be done, authority always
wins." Public loss of trust in any comsec and crypto is ever present.
As a consumer, I want you to give me something useable and reliable
for ordinary use not weapons-grade illusion of infallibility. Ban the use
of "unbreakable." Stop tinkering with old reliable OTP with digital
simulacra. Stop blaming users for faulty implementation.
Civil engineers never say a dam is infallible, they say it will fail, watch
for well-known weak spots, prepare to patch and maintain continuously,
and never forget the disasters of over-confidence, limited construction
budgets, cut backs in maintenance, and water policy exploiters.
Earthen dams without sluices, relying upon mass and gravity, outlast
reinforced concrete "monoliths" perforated with umpteen ways to
monetize the water flow, nowadays usually to run more server farms
near hydropower facilities.
I'd like an earthen dam crypto tool I can watch myself for leaks.
I got PGP 2.6. Anything better that is not reliant up commercially
biased assurances?
BTW, why is PGP Inc and IBM Inc not being bashed like RSA Inc?
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-16 15:28:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Punishing RSA is work for bloodthirsty media and its fans. Public
crypto needs much better to offer the public than entertaining
evanescent revenge.
3DES is intriguing. Publicizing a list of other well-tested ciphersystems
would be constructive alternatives to "nothing can be done, authority always
wins." Public loss of trust in any comsec and crypto is ever present.
As a consumer, I want you to give me something useable and reliable
for ordinary use not weapons-grade illusion of infallibility. Ban the use
of "unbreakable." Stop tinkering with old reliable OTP with digital
simulacra. Stop blaming users for faulty implementation.
Civil engineers never say a dam is infallible, they say it will fail, watch
for well-known weak spots, prepare to patch and maintain continuously,
and never forget the disasters of over-confidence, limited construction
budgets, cut backs in maintenance, and water policy exploiters.
Earthen dams without sluices, relying upon mass and gravity, outlast
reinforced concrete "monoliths" perforated with umpteen ways to
monetize the water flow, nowadays usually to run more server farms
near hydropower facilities.
I'd like an earthen dam crypto tool I can watch myself for leaks.
I got PGP 2.6. Anything better that is not reliant up commercially
biased assurances?
BTW, why is PGP Inc and IBM Inc not being bashed like RSA Inc?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-15 18:31:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference  boycott 
With a $67B security market heading to $87B by 2016 why
would any security firm settle for RSA piddling racketerring?
Not saying the RSA bashers are diverting attention from their
venality, that would be contrary to industry ethics to hide and
be hidden, by that I mean journalism and advertising, publicity
and campaign bribery, donations to computer education and
conferences, dark web sales to rogues and spies, plagiarism
and huffy indignation, sabotage and thievery, copyright and
DMCA takedowns, well, why preach in this smokey chapel to
the stogie-sucking porkies, don't they pay minimum taxes to
betray the privacy of ordinary taxpayers who pay the most.
FatSec Preacher bellows: Is there any industry more corrupt
than the fatuous security industry?
FatSec Believers yell back: Nope, and newcomers are flocking in.
And so, the sated toads toddle out to fancy chariots stashing
drunken investor bedmates, croaking,
"And we bloated firms are getting much fatter on hackers.
and we pay them shady bitcoins them to boost the flab."
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-15 18:31:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
With a $67B security market heading to $87B by 2016 why
would any security firm settle for RSA piddling racketerring?
Not saying the RSA bashers are diverting attention from their
venality, that would be contrary to industry ethics to hide and
be hidden, by that I mean journalism and advertising, publicity
and campaign bribery, donations to computer education and
conferences, dark web sales to rogues and spies, plagiarism
and huffy indignation, sabotage and thievery, copyright and
DMCA takedowns, well, why preach in this smokey chapel to
the stogie-sucking porkies, don't they pay minimum taxes to
betray the privacy of ordinary taxpayers who pay the most.
FatSec Preacher bellows: Is there any industry more corrupt
than the fatuous security industry?
FatSec Believers yell back: Nope, and newcomers are flocking in.
And so, the sated toads toddle out to fancy chariots stashing
drunken investor bedmates, croaking,
"And we bloated firms are getting much fatter on hackers.
and we pay them shady bitcoins them to boost the flab."
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-15 00:48:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
But open source is compromised as well, for the same reasons
and by the same parties. Some claim open source was born of and
is powned by the spies. No problema, overcoming compromises
of parentage has forever been the fundamental, albeit futile,
crypto challenge.
Even precious OTP is compromised, the "gold standard" of
industry pure-blooded progeny. No matter, cryptologists are
dogged and faithful as rutting canines. One or two mad but
considered geniuses, placed on virtual pedestals, then back
to wild-rut cheating, lying, stealing and high-selling to evildoers.
This is a thumbnail of "The Codebreakers." Come to think
of all security volumes. Ross Anderson has amusing comments
on this onanist bazaar in "Security Engineering," which, book-rich
Schneier, no slouch at unfettered self-rutting, moans 'It's beautiful.
This is the best book on the topic there is.'
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-14 22:34:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
If courageous, Rivest, Shamir and Adelson can be burnt in effigy.
Their initials once were rightly world famous, and to smear these
distinguished gentlemen by vulgar opportunistic protest instigated
by noobs with less than zero comprehension of cryptography
should be condemned not debated.
James Bidzos raped the three once, twice, thrice, then hid his
corporatorizing crime under skirts of EMC. Don't ravage his
Protest, sure, but demonstrate what to protest for effectiveness,
not idiotic sloganeering of a logo. Hell, long-time duplicitous
IBM deserves deeper anger than RSA. DES and much more.
Go big and really bold. Protest the Waasenaar Arrangement,
the greatest rigging of the dual-use technology market ever, and
the world's greatest gang of cheaters, bribers, underhanded
dealers of contraband, most of it lethal, far deadlier than crypto.
Greenwald blogs there are cryptographers and comsec experts
reviewing Snowden's material for future releases. Presumably
the highly ethical reviewers have a clear shot at avoiding release
of their own names and firms. They will cheat, that's certain.

@_date: 2014-01-14 22:34:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
If courageous, Rivest, Shamir and Adelson can be burnt in effigy.
Their initials once were rightly world famous, and to smear these
distinguished gentlemen by vulgar opportunistic protest instigated
by noobs with less than zero comprehension of cryptography
should be condemned not debated.
James Bidzos raped the three once, twice, thrice, then hid his
corporatorizing crime under skirts of EMC. Don't ravage his
Protest, sure, but demonstrate what to protest for effectiveness,
not idiotic sloganeering of a logo. Hell, long-time duplicitous
IBM deserves deeper anger than RSA. DES and much more.
Go big and really bold. Protest the Waasenaar Arrangement,
the greatest rigging of the dual-use technology market ever, and
the world's greatest gang of cheaters, bribers, underhanded
dealers of contraband, most of it lethal, far deadlier than crypto.
Greenwald blogs there are cryptographers and comsec experts
reviewing Snowden's material for future releases. Presumably
the highly ethical reviewers have a clear shot at avoiding release
of their own names and firms. They will cheat, that's certain.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-14 22:25:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference  boycott 
If courageous, Rivest, Shamir and Adelson can be burnt in effigy.
Their initials once were rightly world famous, and to smear these
distinguished gentlemen by vulgar opportunistic protest instigated
by noobs with less than zero comprehension of cryptography
should be condemned not debated.
James Bidzos raped the three once, twice, thrice, then hid his
corporatorizing crime under skirts of EMC. Don't ravage his
Protest, sure, but demonstrate what to protest for effectiveness,
not idiotic sloganeering of a logo. Hell, long-time duplicitous
IBM deserves deeper anger than RSA. DES and much more.
Go big and really bold. Protest the Waasenaar Arrangement,
the greatest rigging of the dual-use technology market ever, and
the world's greatest gang of cheaters, bribers, underhanded
dealers of contraband, most of it lethal, far deadlier than crypto.
Greenwald blogs there are cryptographers and comsec experts
reviewing Snowden's material for future releases. Presumably
the highly ethical reviewers have a clear shot at avoiding release
of their own names and firms. They will cheat, that's certain.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-14 16:12:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Shirley Jackson, The Lottery, sacrificing  a victim purges guilt
of the guilty.
Does anyone really believe RSA is alone in this "betrayal?"
And that making an example of RSA will stop the industry practice
of forked-tonguedness about working both sides of the imaginary
fence of dual-use, dual-hat, duplicity of comsec?
"Industry standards" were invented and are sustained for this
purpose. No matter NSA, RSA, IETF, NIST, this breast-beating
list of the guilty cryptographers pretending they did not know
what their best customers and employers are doing.
Boing Boing is being played like the crypto promotional wargame
is played.

@_date: 2014-01-14 16:12:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Shirley Jackson, The Lottery, sacrificing  a victim purges guilt
of the guilty.
Does anyone really believe RSA is alone in this "betrayal?"
And that making an example of RSA will stop the industry practice
of forked-tonguedness about working both sides of the imaginary
fence of dual-use, dual-hat, duplicity of comsec?
"Industry standards" were invented and are sustained for this
purpose. No matter NSA, RSA, IETF, NIST, this breast-beating
list of the guilty cryptographers pretending they did not know
what their best customers and employers are doing.
Boing Boing is being played like the crypto promotional wargame
is played.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-14 16:09:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference  boycott 
Shirley Jackson, The Lottery, sacrificing  a victim purges guilt
of the guilty.
Does anyone really believe RSA is alone in this "betrayal?"
And that making an example of RSA will stop the industry practice
of forked-tonguedness about working both sides of the imaginary
fence of dual-use, dual-hat, duplicity of comsec?
"Industry standards" were invented and are sustained for this
purpose. No matter NSA, RSA, IETF, NIST, this breast-beating
list of the guilty cryptographers pretending they did not know
what their best customers and employers are doing.
Boing Boing is being played like the crypto promotional wargame
is played.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-30 12:32:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Redactions Fail, Fail and Fail Again 
Humorous Snowden media inept infosec redactions:
NSA Redactions Fail, Fail and Fail Again:

@_date: 2014-01-30 12:32:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA Redactions Fail, Fail and Fail Again 
Humorous Snowden media inept infosec redactions:
NSA Redactions Fail, Fail and Fail Again:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-16 21:06:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
This witch hunt is ridiculous self-promotion, and most often
is hawked by competing witches, actually by the publicity
machinery of alternative acronymism.

@_date: 2014-01-05 00:26:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
No offense, James, but this is the prosecutor's view, who went
on to claim at a press conference, quote: "So the little fucker
offed himself, saving the state bucks, fine by me," she said.
Adding, "let this be a warning smartass motherfuckers at
MIT, we are onto you, thanks to cooperating wits in the
administration totally dependent upon government funding
for invention of cruel and inhuman weapons."
She paused, scratched her balls, went on, and on and
on. The press drifted away, she followed, going on and
on. Watching her was the Boston Marathon bombers.
She was re-elected by the highly educated criminal class
in Boston, that is Boston. Boston, as you know is the
fountainhead of Austin's criminal class, who when not
drunk as skunks at junk arts, music and TED festivals
funded by NSA contractor Dell, regularly elects venal
politicians same as down east Kennedy thugs.

@_date: 2014-01-03 17:02:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Aaron Swartz, Jim Bell, Carl Johnson, Chelsea Manning, Edward Snowden 
The Swartz situation was more complicated than the prinicipal
legal parties involved. A comprehensive legal attack implicated
a slew of people and institutions in Aaron's circle, some who were
frightened into pulling away from him, some of who were forced to
testify much to their later shame and embarassment when that was
made public.
It is not unusual for supporters to run from the scene when pressure
comes down through federal investigators digging into private
affairs, intimidating witnesses, friends and familiies with fruits of
those findings, turning poeple against each other, bamboozling
journalists and publishers who pretend opposition to authority.
Swartz's case parallels what happened to Jim Bell, and to Carl
Prosecutors are highly adept at creating fear in supporters with
grand jury subpoenas for evidence and closed testimony, then
later subpoenaed for trial. This was done with several cypherpunks,
me among them.
During two trials and his imprisonment not a few cypherpunks
came down on Jim Bell, cowardly sorry motherfuckers, some
of them once admired for courage, shown to be candyasses
out to avoid risk beyond rhetoric (as with Manning and Snowden).
Not a few came down on Aaron Swarz, cowardly sorry motherfuckers,
some of them still lamenting the loss of a brave man while hiding
their abandonment of him, stigmatizing his loss of adorableness, his
loss of lovers, true friends and supporters, his lonely withdrawal from
social affairs, his hiding inside his apartment pondering the rest of
his life betrayed by those blaming him for their chickenshitedness.
Swartz died more likely murder, enforced suicide, a killing by
officials and those unable to match Aaron's bravery.
Jim Bell and Carl Johnson were not so easily buffaloed. Although
there continues to be bountiful cowardly motherfuckers who fucked
them as was Manning, as were the Anonymous 16, and will likely be
Snowden, led by the media which takes no chances beyond
rhetoric and hypebole.

@_date: 2014-01-06 17:18:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany - Aaron Swartz 
Swartz was ratted by a sysadmin, investigated by several sysadmins,
some who formerly helped him and were pressured to betray him,
indicted with the essential help of sysadmins. University and JSTOR
administrators could not have discovered him , aided the investigation,
cooperated with the prosecutor, without sysadmins. The cops and
prosecutor could not have caught, investigated, coerced witnesses,
indicted and killed Swarz without sysadmins. Some of those sysadmins
are under lifetime vows of secrecy for cooperating against Swartz.
Many sysadmins are under lifetime secrecy for cooperation against
the public, and each other.
NSA, CIA, FBI, NGOs, coms, edus, entrepreneurs could not do
what they do without sysadmins.
Same goes for most comsec experts, crypto experts, technical
Experts like those used to be here but most went over to specialized
fora which avoid "politics" to simulate political involvement in order to
rat on the public, and each others, to maximize their income sysadmining
mercilessly, amorally, without ethics, without oversight, "out of control."
James Donald like others here is in a bind. He knows the villainy of
sysadmins and comsec experts, but needs the dirty money. So he
pretends to be hard-hearted. Forgive him succumbing to the power
of economics, for double-talking fork-tongued dual-hatted dual-use
palaver. Also known as Thatcher-Reaganomics in which the accumulation
and concentration wealth is fundamental religion far more potent than
democracy, islamicism, al-qaeda, militarism, tea partyism, leakism.
Some cybertech wizards, sysadmins and comseckers, caught a wave
with cybersec. Trained themselves, got help from hackers and others,
got training at cybersec schools and gov agencies, got hired for
impressive pay, got awards for and against the public, gradually
became encrusted with cybersec layerings which involve a
witch's brew of deception, pretense, fear-mongering, half-assed
comsec, apologias, exculpations, blame-gaming, snot-nosed
arrogance, false modesty, lurking, put-downs, all the crafts of
sneak-thieves and politicians who loved their skullduggery.
Some are famous for the shit they spread. And rightly so, this
is the way of empires, now digital, now totally digitally spying,
now doing what empires do, calling their product what the
little people need, executing the few little people like Swartz
who not only call their bullshit what it is but take action to
replace it with much healthier than bribegivers and bribetakers
will ever cut loose.

@_date: 2014-01-07 18:26:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Swartz, Weev & radical libertarian lexicon (Re: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany - Aaron Swartz) 
James, again thanks for alerting:
As I am fond of remarking, Bill Ayers can bomb the Pentagon, but you

@_date: 2014-01-07 15:56:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Swartz, Weev & radical libertarian lexicon (Re: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany - Aaron Swartz) 
Anybody with a three-letter name of a website, or more grotesquely vain,
a TLA nym, needs killing thrice as a bitter old diaper-wearing turd and
tex-mexist marxian from Odessa, oil-capitalist murder capital of the USA.

@_date: 2014-01-08 15:29:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Brag About Exploits, Go to Jail 
Did you read today (NYT) that one of the founders of EFF, Mitch
Kapor, was a first investor in a leading ubiqutious camera
spying venture to put in the hands of everybody what once was
used only by spies and cops? Everybody is TLA, TLA is everybody.
Snowden, allegedly, gave docs to a world-class braggart,
Greenwald, and to two or three much less loud-mouthed but in
the professional bragging business, Poitras and Gellman,
documentary tout and national security tout, respectively.
Thereafter the tout bragging industry kicked into high gear and
quickly overwhelmed whatever Snowden might have intended
by their own fabricated, doctored, hyperbolied super-touted
headlined versions of his intentions, but more so, in their own
economic interest, whipping up a frenzy about their noble
intentions to rake in the loot after years of nearing bankruptcy
(the forlorn solo journo, Greenwald and Poitras profiles too.)
Greenwald in particular bellows excessively, as a lawyer must,
about his obligation to a pact with Snowden, and lately his much
greater jury-pandering about his pact with Omidyar. His recent
long bloviation on his blog is purely promotional bragging
characteristic of the hustler forever crowing about its prowess,
whining about attacks, disdaining critics with puerile condescension.
Omidyar and Bezos among others, have been sucked into
the ultra-bragging game, large, inebriated with unquenchable wealth
accumulation, after years of supporting highly vainglorious and
dispensible NGO investments, not a few of which have failed
due to exaggerated brochure-toute expectations which could
not be met but were invented losers to be run into the ground
for the tax benefits of ultra-concentrated wealth. This the exact
model of the Firstlook venture, a combo of high-profit media
industry and simulated "NGO" journalism to exempt the taxable
Would that work here. Youbetcha. The very founding of
cypherpunks employed that model and sustains it to solicit
and amass data of crypto-freedom-drunk users for marketing
peculiarly faulty products across the political spectrum from
faux privacy to faux security. Https everywhere, har, Tor, har,
WikiLeaks, har, Cryptome, spit, and what have you now,
Braggarts always have noble purposes, bragging about
nobility is what sustains the illusion of superiority. And
glosses the nobility of great wealth or depthless desire
for it.
Significant variations of braggardy, from loud to quiet.
overstatement to understatement. Chump version:
"needs killing." Chimp version: Snowden is a hero,
or traitor. Wimp version: more leaks by others, none
by me. Gimp version: this is nothing new. Limp version:
don't insult people here, don't discuss politics, message
deleted by moderator. Blimp version: this forum is

@_date: 2014-01-08 12:55:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brag About Exploits, Go to Jail 
Swartz bragged to a slew of people and was caught.
Manning bragged to Lamo and was caught.
Kiriakou bragged to a journalist and was caught.
Sabu bragged to cohorts and was caught.
Barrett Brown bragged to the world and was caught.
Several Anonymouses bragged and were caught.
And so on, dozens in just the last decade.
Jim Bell bragged online and went to jail. So did Carl
Johnson. Cops love braggarts, brag themselves to
braggarts to keep prisons happylands.
How many did not brag and remained uncaught? There
are likely thousands of them. Many of those work with
or emulate spies who do not brag as rule number 1.
Snowden wanted to be identified, so it is alleged, and
has been caught as intended.
Is this nuts or what, vainglorious stupidity, or a commonplace
ruse to get the enemy to expose its capabilities, or to flaunt
one's own hybrid of authentic and fake to spook the enemy,
to seel products, to boost budgets, to manipulate public
opinion. The fundamental purpose of leaks.
Keeping a non-existent profile is worth considering, along
with a hundred pseudos.
And putting a high-profile out there is what the Internet
was intended to do, fake, sock, pseudo, anon, sucker.
Not to be overlooked: the essence of comsec and
crypto is deception. So laugh at the open source ruse
on the way to the pokey.

@_date: 2014-01-13 21:39:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: 'Jury Booty' and Anti-prosecution tactics.  (Was Re:) 
Maybe Tim May is channeling me, but this talk of messing
with authorities on cypherpunks smells like list tampering to
bait and ensare really dumb newbies.
Playing games is fine, but running entrapments is against
the house rules.
That was encouraged in days of old and got jail sentences
for susceptibles. Since then agent provocateurs, turn-coats
and informants have become a nice-paying online industry
and handsome budget inflators for the feds.
And has bagged a wad of hackers, daring coders and alleged
accomplices, among them:
Jim Bell
Carl Johnson
Aaron Swartz
Chelsea Manning
Julian Assange
Edward Snowden
Gottfrid Warg
Rop Gonggrijp
Brigitta Jonsdottir
Jacob Appelbaum
Hector Monsegur
Jake Davis
Ryan Cleary
Ryan Ackroyd
Darren Martyn
Donncha O'Cearrbhail
Mustafa al-Bassam
Jeremy Hammond
Christopher Cooper
Joshua Covelli
Raynaldo Rivera
Cody Kretsinger
Lauri Love
Neal Rauhauser
Keith Downey
Mercedes Haefer
Donald Husband
Ethan Miles
James Murphy
Drew Phillips
Jeffrey Puglisi
Daniel Sullivan
Tracy Valenzuela
Christopher Vo
Barrett Brown
Ross Ulbricht
Andrew Jones
Gary Davis
Peter Phillip Nash
Vladimir Drinkman
Aleksandr Kalinin
Roman Kotov
Dmitriy Smilianets
Mikhail Rytikov
These are in last few years.
Many more in the years before that, some after prison
becoming security peddlers, journalists, hacker organizers
and for the rest of their lives rats or sent back into the pokey.
At least consider being bit more discreet, assholes,
and in spare time read Gentlepersons Guide to Forum

@_date: 2014-01-13 01:31:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: 'Jury Booty' and Anti-prosecution tactics.  (Was Re:) 
This has got to be a spoof. The real Jim Bell would never
write this. Unless under pressure to ensnare the stupid and
sending a coded message to stay far away.
We recently got one of these stay-far-away messages from
a noted ISP we had tried to contract who said three customers
had been taken down. Wouldn't say why.
This ISP fought against keeping an NSL secret for years
and lost.

@_date: 2014-01-19 20:45:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Al-qaeda.net deprecated (was: Note to new-ish subscribers) 
Too bad al-qaeda is deprecated. Very good that it will take
years, maybe forever, to recognize the tatoo is indelible.
What happened to cypherpunks.org? Who owns it? It's
registration is hidden behind GoDaddy. Listed Servers:
Name Server:NS.CYPHERPUNKS.TO
Name Server:ASTERIA.DEBIAN.OR.AT
 list familiar
Too bad al-qaeda is deprecated. Very good that it will take
years, maybe forever, to recognize the tatoo is indelible.
What happened to cypherpunks.org? Who owns it? It's
registration is hidden behind GoDaddy. Listed Servers:
Name Server:NS.CYPHERPUNKS.TO
Name Server:ASTERIA.DEBIAN.OR.AT
 list familiar

@_date: 2014-01-19 20:59:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Feeding trolls 
James, you are a tough man to argue with. So here's a big
hug and sloppy kiss. The male stench is fantasticly seductive.
Fuck me, big boy. Those women, what can you do with them
except kill them, rape them, steal their money, use them as
maids, and cum buckets, abuse moms and sisters like
your dad and uncles and brothers and other spoiled assholes
do, blame the damn women (and their minority stigmatized)
for all kinds of shit an insecure man would cut your throat
for doing.
We men have got to be careful to avoid pregnancy, so
lets abuse little boys, bring them into our society, teach
them to hate women and minorities, never forget who's
boss liar and cheater and murderer and genocider and
defouler of the planet.
White men who love trashing anybody unlike them, that's
the ticket.
That there is no such thing as a pure white man doesn't
matter, and that most men of all colors are completely
dependent upon women and servants, is changing the
subject, the main point your argument is belief in this purity of
white manhood is the highest code of big talkers.

@_date: 2014-01-18 22:16:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks and hackers who dont code? 
Recently it was learned that code, crypto code at least, had become
superfluous. Nothing like that protects anything, and never did. It
has joined alchemy, phrenology, snake religion and astrology as
a pseudo-science for TED rituals and RSA suspicion-fest,
still beloved by the faithful, practiced by charlatans, funded
unstoppably by DoD research and to fill a vast repository of
"unbroken messages" out in Utah, a scholarly debunking topic of
historical recollections of aged cryptographers and classified
conferences at NSA and GCHQ to keep up appearances
of once unbeatable prowess. Fort Meade being converted
to a hospice for the greatest collection of mathematicians.
Decrypting computers are silently humming with nothing to
crack, blowing through Megawatts of power to protect the jobs
of hundreds of sysadmins and, yes, dumbfoundedly useless
coders surfing for android bestiality.
Quantum computing collapsed with a whisper, never fulfilling
its promise to render cryptography useless, beaten by a guy
named Snowden or something who revealed that the crypto
leader of the universe had arranged the end of trustworthy
crypto code by rigging holes and backdoors and tricks and
planting malware in every conceivable piece of machinery
everywhere all the time.
Now everything electromagnetic is romantic daydreaming
of what never was.
Remaining, for a while longer, is a 3x5 OTP and a pencil. For
sending coded love notes up your MTM ass. Like here.

@_date: 2014-01-19 21:05:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks is NOT a safe place for fools 
Why not, who else would remain here if not fools. Oh,
you're kidding, is that you, Tim? How are your cats doing?
Prison here too, is this not a panopticon?
Former Agent Gordon is doing better things over at Intel
planting malware and itty bitty byways.
Same for those now gray-beared TLAs, all gone to contractor
consultant nirvana.
Whose afraid, there's no way out of the self cell.

@_date: 2014-01-20 15:31:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Infiltration / Exfiltration 
No org headed by a lawyer will break the law, on the contrary will
enforce it stringently, above and below the table. Nor will a journalist
working for a commercial outlet. The perks of privilege for both
industries are just too beneficial. (WikiLeaks was taken over by
lawyers and journalists precursing Snowden's takeover.)
Oh, and they shop clients and sources through confabs in chambers
and consultation with officials, and, really nasty, by access to
classified and secret information. Does that sound like dual-use
comsec, yes, that is what it is.
Far too many lawyers are in government. Push some techs. Go
crazy, push a bunch of cryptographer. Not those under control of
in thrall to lawyers. Any of those charismatics untethered?
Coda: IANAL is never to be flashed as a sign of cowardice, brain-washing,
intimidation, ignorance. It's other side of the king's coin of Godwin's Law.

@_date: 2014-01-20 15:17:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Infiltration / Exfiltration 
This how Cryptome got its first contributions from this cave. And
still does along with a long list of others. WikiLeaks and Snowden
the best yelled about, but far from disclosing the most information
which is done quietly and without "batshit" hyperbole and vulgar
Excessive publicity is verily an indication that something is not right.
Claims of needing journalism and slow drips to hold public attention
are merely monetizing justifications. Biblical fundamentalism.
And may be much worse, as in the Snowden case, a rationale
for not releasing information except to a few selected abusers,
journalistic, technical and political "freedom of informaton." In
the bogosity of "doing no harm to national security" just like
secretkeepers who use that exact lingo.
Not to say that the holy trinity of abusive comsec, protected media
and secretkeeping are avoidable as globalism's deitific market

@_date: 2014-02-09 15:32:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden Meets MacAskill, Poitras and Greenwald 
Snowden to MacAskill, vehemently: "GCHQ is worse than NSA. It's even more intrusive."

@_date: 2014-02-09 12:56:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Snowden Drop to Poitras and Greenwald Described 
Correct, page 13 was missing. Thanks. Now added.
Page begins with "his head. But Snowden told her:"
Ends with "Even with Assange's"

@_date: 2014-02-06 15:45:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Penetration of Target's HVAC Controls 
Building data security from 1995:
Much changed since then.

@_date: 2014-02-02 12:03:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Alleged NSA-GCHQ Attack on Jean-Jacques Quisquater 
Any further information on the alleged NSA-GCHQ attack on
Jean-Jacques Quisquater than these two reports?
Apparently Quisquater would not have known about the
attack if not told by an insider.
Insider comsec disclosures may be finally getting legs,
not yet long, but more than NDA-official secrecy paralysis.
Any other cryptographer attacked (as if it would be known)?

@_date: 2014-02-06 15:45:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Penetration of Target's HVAC Controls 
Building data security from 1995:
Much changed since then.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-02-06 15:34:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Penetration of Target's HVAC Controls 
Good to see the report on Target's penetration through its remote
heating and cooling controls. These and a slew of other building
automation systems are often run on central computers along with
data processing. Data processing may be protected but the other
systems often are not, for IT sec tends to focus on the data of
businesses housed in a structure but not the systems running or
monitoring the structure with its operating systems most often
overseen by maintenance and operation staff seldom skilled
in cybersec.
We have seen quite a few buildings with decent data protection and
building physical and electronic security systems, but lacking oversight
of the security of building automation systems often remote from
the facilities with 24x7 access, and from there who knows where
else -- central automation firms may link up to hundreds of other
buildings in a batch of countries. Critical infrastructure protection
seldom covers the great variety of buildings.
Some use the same Internet connection, separated only
by software and folders, with folders of the automation system in
obscure locations seldom seen by principal IT data admins.
Different duties, contracts, staff, budgets. Much interest in
data security, hardly any for automation security.
This is not the case for experienced designers, constructors
and operators of buildings. Although compartmentalization
among them continues to erect easy to penetrate "firewalls"
and gaps of responsibility.
Spies very much like the porosity and attention to data

@_date: 2014-02-06 15:34:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Penetration of Target's HVAC Controls 
Good to see the report on Target's penetration through its remote
heating and cooling controls. These and a slew of other building
automation systems are often run on central computers along with
data processing. Data processing may be protected but the other
systems often are not, for IT sec tends to focus on the data of
businesses housed in a structure but not the systems running or
monitoring the structure with its operating systems most often
overseen by maintenance and operation staff seldom skilled
in cybersec.
We have seen quite a few buildings with decent data protection and
building physical and electronic security systems, but lacking oversight
of the security of building automation systems often remote from
the facilities with 24x7 access, and from there who knows where
else -- central automation firms may link up to hundreds of other
buildings in a batch of countries. Critical infrastructure protection
seldom covers the great variety of buildings.
Some use the same Internet connection, separated only
by software and folders, with folders of the automation system in
obscure locations seldom seen by principal IT data admins.
Different duties, contracts, staff, budgets. Much interest in
data security, hardly any for automation security.
This is not the case for experienced designers, constructors
and operators of buildings. Although compartmentalization
among them continues to erect easy to penetrate "firewalls"
and gaps of responsibility.
Spies very much like the porosity and attention to data
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-02-09 12:56:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Snowden Drop to Poitras and Greenwald Described 
Correct, page 13 was missing. Thanks. Now added.
Page begins with "his head. But Snowden told her:"
Ends with "Even with Assange's"
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-02-13 21:16:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Snowden and Compilers 
Related papers by Arrigo Triulzi
posted to Twitter
today in response to this thread:
Project Maux Mk.II (2008) The Jedi Packet Trick takes over the Deathstar (2010) Project Booshoo or the Emporer's Modified Mind (2011) Related papers by Arrigo Triulzi  posted to
Twitter today in response to this thread:
Project Maux Mk.II (2008)
The Jedi Packet Trick takes over the Deathstar (2010)
Project Booshoo or the Emporer's Modified Mind (2011)
At 06:42 PM 2/12/2014, Peter
is probably
It was demonstrated well before then, Arrigo Triulzi had demonstrated
an SSH server inside a NIC several years earlier.
Back in the mid-80s I ran a secure computer center (with a huge VAX
11/780 :-)
and the Army/DoD/NIST rules for secure computers needed to know who wrote
channel programs that the computer was using. Channels were a
mainframe thing,
which predated the VAX; the closest equivalent we had was a KMC11
that sat in the Unibus and handled interrupts and cooked-mode input for
the serial cards.
So yes, proofs of concept have been around for a while :-)

@_date: 2014-03-21 12:20:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dynasty of Compromised Comsec and Legal Protection 
The marriage of flexible legal protections and malleable comsec is a venerable dynasty of compromise.

@_date: 2014-03-17 13:16:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Journalists Shill Sources and Secrets 
wait ... are you saying money corrupts ???
if you are saying that corruption is at hand then how can we trust the supposed human beings behind any of these names ? i mean i think you are saying corruption is at hand but i dont want to assume anything...
Assume this promotional creed screed for national security journalism:
No, media venality is not news. What is worth examining is the long-term
exploitation of "national security" as a joint gov-com-edu-org
racket to manipulate secretkeeping as a wealth concentration
industry. This has been commonplace since the national security
state was invented after WW2 and led to need for continuous
spying to manufacture enemies and to arm for diddly squat combat
against fictious foes by hugely expensive but hardly ever used
armaments. Cryptosystems among the black budgetary wastage.
In particular cryptosystem popularization (as here and its emulators)
as ostensible opposition to the national security racket, begun in the
flower-child 60s to flower wildly in the 90s and rise to a kudzu crescendo
with Snowden's operation to validate crypto use against illusory
enemies within the state, cloaked as usual by the blanket exculpt
"to do no harm to national security," then hide behind privileged
natsec journalism so dirty and complicit in govenment affairs it
needs protection from the public, so merely dribbles dainty
tidbits of threats to privacy and to advance the favorite ACLU
and EFF lawyerly fund-raising hobgobblin of constitutional
FISA Court jiggery-pokery by lawfare warriors indicates that
lawyers and judges know diddly about comsec technology
but dare not admit it and lose control of the public narrative
of threat and protection obligatory in the trillion dollar national
security hootenany which compares to organized religion of the
medieval era which ruled heaven and earth with fantasticly
frightening and pleasuring tales of evil and salvation.
Adled journalists are racing to adopt encryption as crusading
chain mail raiment, ignorant of how easily it can be penetrated,
but no matter, what will really protect the valiant journalists is
"constitutional protection," a comedy of conceit and stupidity
usually associated with court jesters.

@_date: 2014-03-17 12:06:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
A point not well emphasized by cryptographers, in public at least,
and advocates of encryption as the essential requirement for
"Unbeakable crypto" may not be used as much as it once was
but there are a host of newly-minted versions of snake oilish
assurances dominating the booming comsec market, thanks
to Snowden's magnificent gift, estimated to eventually reach
the trillion dollar level in two decades, to the gov-com-edu-org
comsec panic industry.
Operators of systems, and the necessarily breachable security they
offer, remain the achilles heels of comsec. Lavabit is only one of
the instances in which sysadmins are compromised. Ubiquitous
deployment of crypto throughout telecom and cyber systems is
vulnerable to sysadmins who insist on full access to everything
to "de-bug" and run their systems, especially those SAs easily
manipulated by front offices and their ever so cooperative legal and
financial advisors. Not many SAs wil do what Snowden did in the
"public interest" which just happens to be a great fortune maker
for media and comsec hustlers.
End to end encryption is currently a hot recommendation of choice
for comsec but skips over what happens behind, below, around and
inside "end to end" code, hardware, implementation, and most of
all the traffic flow of the precious capsules emitting transceiver
vapor trails, EM clutter, arfully cloaked gaps, doors, handshakes,
implants, bugs (and "de-bugs"), ways in and out, checks, double
checks, safety plugs, sigs, nyms, language hints, and manifold
uniquenesses witting and unwitting of fallible hunks of meat.
It is, or should be, primary for cryptographers to publicly admit
cryptosystems inevitably fail, as some do despite being overridden
by sales and CEOs and investors, being bribed and NDA'd into
complicity, or in worst cases threatened with prosecution for
revealing in natsec systems built-in faults or more deviously,
pretending there are none while glossing deep deception with
shallow claims that there are always a few which can be repaired,
nothing is perfect, you get what you pay for, etc, etc, the
formulaic exculpation inherent in the word "security."
No question this is expecting cryptographers to be more honest
than the rest of the greedy "professional" class so avid to profess
public interest while gobbling the public's hard earned with gleeful
transgression slathered in "industry standards" and global treaties
to assure governments and corporations remain piggish and
dispensaries of rewards for the professional classes which
find oligarchal enticements "irresistable" as Greenwald slobbered
in agreeing to work closely with gov-com to withhold secrets
under guise of ventriloquizing Snowden's "causing no harm to
national security."
"Causing no harm to national security" is verily medieval in its
creed-promotional organized religion fervor. Cryptographers
have long been missionaries for this duplicitous "trust us" faith,
so it figures they will evangelize among journalists to adopt
encryption to upgrade the low value of the fear and trembling
scripture, and, as always, the compensation for scribes of
arcane holy writ of bare panic and crypto balm.

@_date: 2014-03-13 11:33:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re:TAO QUANTUMINSERT Bonanza 
Thanks, Ed, comsec evangelist extraordinaire. If the media operation goes well Snowden could die penniless like the genius Tesla was aced by profit-driven Edison.

@_date: 2014-03-13 11:33:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] TAO QUANTUMINSERT Bonanza 
Thanks, Ed, comsec evangelist extraordinaire. If the media operation goes well Snowden could die penniless like the genius Tesla was aced by profit-driven Edison.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-03-13 11:11:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TAO QUANTUMINSERT Bonanza 
If NSA and GCHQ were, are, doing these alleged operations as surmised
with slightest evidence greatly amplified, cherry-picked and moshed like
a Tom Clancy hot seller, it is likely the Devil's Duo are meticulously
tracking, siphoning and implanting:
1. Those reporting, editing, checking, formatting and posting these
stories and documents from various countries and those spying all
these from inside and outside.
2. The hosting and keyservers of The Intercept, First Look and
interconnections and those spying all these from inside and outside.
3. The transceivals among the media staff, lawyers, bankers, bedmates
and those spying all these from inside and outside.
4. The comsec wizards being consulted and those they are leaking
stuff to and those spying all these from inside and outside.
5. The officials being asked for comment and their roladexes of
insiders and those spying all these from inside and outside.
6. The multiple-agencies counter-counter-intel agents double-checking
everyone involved and those spying all these from inside and outside.
7. The thousands necessarily swept up in the spiderwebs of linkages
for immediate or distant actionable operations and those spying all
these from inside and outside.
8. The other national spies working the same territories of gullible
targets armored with the world's greatest comsec protection,
no matter what ex-spies and ex-contractors claim is absolutely
dependable means to assure nobody is swiping and siphoning
and those spying all these from inside and outside.
Months, years to come, there will be even more gushings about
what has been dribbled out with insufficient context to understand
what is media hyperbole and what is worth worrying about and those
spying all these from inside and outside standards orgs, FOI
racketeering, crypto entrepreneurs of com, edu, org and
open source treacheries.
Recap: About 1,333 Snowden documents have been released by
commercial media, none for free.
Greenwald has said he gets about $1,500 per story in which he
gets a byline. Excluding the $1M signing bonus he has allegedly
got from Omidyar, he has made at least another million.
Gellman, Poitras perhaps the same (Poitras may have gotten a
similar signing bonus).
Other dozens of reporters were paid a percentage of that.
So it might be estimated the gang of reporters have garnered
some $4-5M so far.
Media outlets have probably earned 10 times that in sales and ads.
The USG, allies and enemies have probably received similar
amounts to respond to Snowden, some $50-100M.
So call it a $200-500M affair to date.
If the USG and other govs work the bonanza as predicted,
over 10-20 years the operation will generate, conservatively,
a $1-5T boost for comsec religionists and exploiters of media,
spies, universities, telcos, web operators, program peddlers,
AV magicians, games designers, not counting SM and SEOs
and spammers and botnets.
Black markets could match that amount, or multiples of it.
Meanwhile the comsec industry -- gov, mil, com, edu, org -- will
continue reaping the rewards of faith-based sin and salvation.
Thanks, Ed.

@_date: 2014-03-13 11:11:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] TAO QUANTUMINSERT Bonanza 
If NSA and GCHQ were, are, doing these alleged operations as surmised
with slightest evidence greatly amplified, cherry-picked and moshed like
a Tom Clancy hot seller, it is likely the Devil's Duo are meticulously
tracking, siphoning and implanting:
1. Those reporting, editing, checking, formatting and posting these
stories and documents from various countries and those spying all
these from inside and outside.
2. The hosting and keyservers of The Intercept, First Look and
interconnections and those spying all these from inside and outside.
3. The transceivals among the media staff, lawyers, bankers, bedmates
and those spying all these from inside and outside.
4. The comsec wizards being consulted and those they are leaking
stuff to and those spying all these from inside and outside.
5. The officials being asked for comment and their roladexes of
insiders and those spying all these from inside and outside.
6. The multiple-agencies counter-counter-intel agents double-checking
everyone involved and those spying all these from inside and outside.
7. The thousands necessarily swept up in the spiderwebs of linkages
for immediate or distant actionable operations and those spying all
these from inside and outside.
8. The other national spies working the same territories of gullible
targets armored with the world's greatest comsec protection,
no matter what ex-spies and ex-contractors claim is absolutely
dependable means to assure nobody is swiping and siphoning
and those spying all these from inside and outside.
Months, years to come, there will be even more gushings about
what has been dribbled out with insufficient context to understand
what is media hyperbole and what is worth worrying about and those
spying all these from inside and outside standards orgs, FOI
racketeering, crypto entrepreneurs of com, edu, org and
open source treacheries.
Recap: About 1,333 Snowden documents have been released by
commercial media, none for free.
Greenwald has said he gets about $1,500 per story in which he
gets a byline. Excluding the $1M signing bonus he has allegedly
got from Omidyar, he has made at least another million.
Gellman, Poitras perhaps the same (Poitras may have gotten a
similar signing bonus).
Other dozens of reporters were paid a percentage of that.
So it might be estimated the gang of reporters have garnered
some $4-5M so far.
Media outlets have probably earned 10 times that in sales and ads.
The USG, allies and enemies have probably received similar
amounts to respond to Snowden, some $50-100M.
So call it a $200-500M affair to date.
If the USG and other govs work the bonanza as predicted,
over 10-20 years the operation will generate, conservatively,
a $1-5T boost for comsec religionists and exploiters of media,
spies, universities, telcos, web operators, program peddlers,
AV magicians, games designers, not counting SM and SEOs
and spammers and botnets.
Black markets could match that amount, or multiples of it.
Meanwhile the comsec industry -- gov, mil, com, edu, org -- will
continue reaping the rewards of faith-based sin and salvation.
Thanks, Ed.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-03-17 12:06:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
A point not well emphasized by cryptographers, in public at least,
and advocates of encryption as the essential requirement for
"Unbeakable crypto" may not be used as much as it once was
but there are a host of newly-minted versions of snake oilish
assurances dominating the booming comsec market, thanks
to Snowden's magnificent gift, estimated to eventually reach
the trillion dollar level in two decades, to the gov-com-edu-org
comsec panic industry.
Operators of systems, and the necessarily breachable security they
offer, remain the achilles heels of comsec. Lavabit is only one of
the instances in which sysadmins are compromised. Ubiquitous
deployment of crypto throughout telecom and cyber systems is
vulnerable to sysadmins who insist on full access to everything
to "de-bug" and run their systems, especially those SAs easily
manipulated by front offices and their ever so cooperative legal and
financial advisors. Not many SAs wil do what Snowden did in the
"public interest" which just happens to be a great fortune maker
for media and comsec hustlers.
End to end encryption is currently a hot recommendation of choice
for comsec but skips over what happens behind, below, around and
inside "end to end" code, hardware, implementation, and most of
all the traffic flow of the precious capsules emitting transceiver
vapor trails, EM clutter, arfully cloaked gaps, doors, handshakes,
implants, bugs (and "de-bugs"), ways in and out, checks, double
checks, safety plugs, sigs, nyms, language hints, and manifold
uniquenesses witting and unwitting of fallible hunks of meat.
It is, or should be, primary for cryptographers to publicly admit
cryptosystems inevitably fail, as some do despite being overridden
by sales and CEOs and investors, being bribed and NDA'd into
complicity, or in worst cases threatened with prosecution for
revealing in natsec systems built-in faults or more deviously,
pretending there are none while glossing deep deception with
shallow claims that there are always a few which can be repaired,
nothing is perfect, you get what you pay for, etc, etc, the
formulaic exculpation inherent in the word "security."
No question this is expecting cryptographers to be more honest
than the rest of the greedy "professional" class so avid to profess
public interest while gobbling the public's hard earned with gleeful
transgression slathered in "industry standards" and global treaties
to assure governments and corporations remain piggish and
dispensaries of rewards for the professional classes which
find oligarchal enticements "irresistable" as Greenwald slobbered
in agreeing to work closely with gov-com to withhold secrets
under guise of ventriloquizing Snowden's "causing no harm to
national security."
"Causing no harm to national security" is verily medieval in its
creed-promotional organized religion fervor. Cryptographers
have long been missionaries for this duplicitous "trust us" faith,
so it figures they will evangelize among journalists to adopt
encryption to upgrade the low value of the fear and trembling
scripture, and, as always, the compensation for scribes of
arcane holy writ of bare panic and crypto balm.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-03-14 13:03:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
Snowden's video, comments and talks at SXSW convey the failure
to aim higher with ubiquitous comsec, instead to remain within the
comfortable fold of Snowden's "do no harm to national security."
This blind faith in natsec cautionary implantation in Snowden and
his media outlets aided by technical advisors and officials, assures
redaction-rich risklessness in accord with the NSA-DoJ-bamboozled
FISC orders guaranteeing continuation of control of EWAFMSS.

@_date: 2014-03-14 13:03:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
Snowden's video, comments and talks at SXSW convey the failure
to aim higher with ubiquitous comsec, instead to remain within the
comfortable fold of Snowden's "do no harm to national security."
This blind faith in natsec cautionary implantation in Snowden and
his media outlets aided by technical advisors and officials, assures
redaction-rich risklessness in accord with the NSA-DoJ-bamboozled
FISC orders guaranteeing continuation of control of EWAFMSS.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-03-14 12:40:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
At 11:52 PM 3/13/2014, Troy Benjegerdes sigged:
Your sig: "earth::water::air::fire::mind::spirit::soul" (EWAFMSS)
pretty well covers the area of operations needing ubiquitous comsec
against ubuiquitous spying of EWAFMSS.
Certainly there will be violations and spying by those who design,
run and abuse the systems of EWAFMSS.
Especially those who are excused from accountability to "maintain
the systems, or debug" EWAFMSS.
More narrowly, system operators, network operators, maintenance
staff, repariers, holders of keys to and lockpicks of the systems, ie, the
Snowdens, the spies, the governors, will usurp control and unilaterally
or collectively decide they know what is best for the systems' users,
and that inevitably coincides with self-interest of the system operators
of EWAFMSS.
Given that inevitability of self-interest, cloaked in high-minded rationales
of public service, or national security, what inevitably must be done to
reign in the inevitable abusers of privilege, public service, national
security, ie EWAFMSS.
A range of options: assassination, revolution, counterspying, treason,
war, founding of new faiths, schemes and con jobs in EWAFMSS.
For comsec that could entail implantation of electroshock devices
in every system operator which punishes, or in extremity, kills, for
misbehavior programmed into the widgets. Hack a key, pick a lock,
mosh RNG, open a backdoor, break a vow of public service, get
singed as a warning, keep it up, get fried.
This is basicly what NSA is implanting around the globe in systems
if not witting and unwitting operators. Starting with implantation of
their own Snowdens of devices of disinformation which leads the
poor goofs to think they know the system vulns. Then the goofs
spread the disinfo to, say, the Greenwalds, Poitras's and Gellmans
who then goofily spread it to the public goofiness consumers.
Blessing this operation is the FISC judges who mightily try to
understand WTF DoJ is blowing at them to cloud what NSA is
actually doing with its systems of EWAFMSS.
Read the FISC orders to see the solons gyrate and spasm
a pretense of understanding what is intended ot be non-understandable.
NSA proceeds totally unhindered to do what it wants with abusing
EWAFMSS, condoned by FISC glossing of the abuse -- what is
done in the US is done worldwide for managing and exploiting for
self-interest EWAFMSS.
Yes, these very lists foster the appeal of exploiting the expoitation
of EWAFMSS by pretending to oppose it, to found a new scheme
of assassination, revolution, etc, etc. This will inevitably lead to
compromisable proponents to be bribed and recruited for service
in the established exploiters: billionaires, journalists, lawyers, courts,
tech corporations, telcos, LEs, TLAs, Vaticans, Israelis, Muslims,
Tea Parties, nations, black marketers, financial crime syndicates,
freedom of information hustlers, leakers, and, most beautifully
remunerative, crypto-comsec mofos.
There's the pitch for comsec public utility, crypto-comsec mofos
signing up to be implanted with EM devices for a Tor-Greenwald-grade
lifetime of comfort bribe to loyally and patriotically run the sysems of
EWAFMSS. Then immediately break the vow, hack the devices,
cheat, lie, steal, bolthole an embassy, refuge in a rogue state,
for a while enjoy the warm feeling of triumph, then be Zapped
remotely for belief in knowing more than the Devil in the Details.

@_date: 2014-03-14 12:40:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
At 11:52 PM 3/13/2014, Troy Benjegerdes sigged:
Your sig: "earth::water::air::fire::mind::spirit::soul" (EWAFMSS)
pretty well covers the area of operations needing ubiquitous comsec
against ubuiquitous spying of EWAFMSS.
Certainly there will be violations and spying by those who design,
run and abuse the systems of EWAFMSS.
Especially those who are excused from accountability to "maintain
the systems, or debug" EWAFMSS.
More narrowly, system operators, network operators, maintenance
staff, repariers, holders of keys to and lockpicks of the systems, ie, the
Snowdens, the spies, the governors, will usurp control and unilaterally
or collectively decide they know what is best for the systems' users,
and that inevitably coincides with self-interest of the system operators
of EWAFMSS.
Given that inevitability of self-interest, cloaked in high-minded rationales
of public service, or national security, what inevitably must be done to
reign in the inevitable abusers of privilege, public service, national
security, ie EWAFMSS.
A range of options: assassination, revolution, counterspying, treason,
war, founding of new faiths, schemes and con jobs in EWAFMSS.
For comsec that could entail implantation of electroshock devices
in every system operator which punishes, or in extremity, kills, for
misbehavior programmed into the widgets. Hack a key, pick a lock,
mosh RNG, open a backdoor, break a vow of public service, get
singed as a warning, keep it up, get fried.
This is basicly what NSA is implanting around the globe in systems
if not witting and unwitting operators. Starting with implantation of
their own Snowdens of devices of disinformation which leads the
poor goofs to think they know the system vulns. Then the goofs
spread the disinfo to, say, the Greenwalds, Poitras's and Gellmans
who then goofily spread it to the public goofiness consumers.
Blessing this operation is the FISC judges who mightily try to
understand WTF DoJ is blowing at them to cloud what NSA is
actually doing with its systems of EWAFMSS.
Read the FISC orders to see the solons gyrate and spasm
a pretense of understanding what is intended ot be non-understandable.
NSA proceeds totally unhindered to do what it wants with abusing
EWAFMSS, condoned by FISC glossing of the abuse -- what is
done in the US is done worldwide for managing and exploiting for
self-interest EWAFMSS.
Yes, these very lists foster the appeal of exploiting the expoitation
of EWAFMSS by pretending to oppose it, to found a new scheme
of assassination, revolution, etc, etc. This will inevitably lead to
compromisable proponents to be bribed and recruited for service
in the established exploiters: billionaires, journalists, lawyers, courts,
tech corporations, telcos, LEs, TLAs, Vaticans, Israelis, Muslims,
Tea Parties, nations, black marketers, financial crime syndicates,
freedom of information hustlers, leakers, and, most beautifully
remunerative, crypto-comsec mofos.
There's the pitch for comsec public utility, crypto-comsec mofos
signing up to be implanted with EM devices for a Tor-Greenwald-grade
lifetime of comfort bribe to loyally and patriotically run the sysems of
EWAFMSS. Then immediately break the vow, hack the devices,
cheat, lie, steal, bolthole an embassy, refuge in a rogue state,
for a while enjoy the warm feeling of triumph, then be Zapped
remotely for belief in knowing more than the Devil in the Details.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-03-13 13:59:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
Snowden may have raised the prospect of comsec as a public utility
like power, water, gas, sewage, air quality, environmental protection
and telecommunications. Privacy protection has been shown to be
illusory at best, deceptive at worst, due to the uncontrollable
technology applied erroneously for national security.
Each of the other public utilities began as private offerings before
becoming commercialized and then institutionalized as necessities,
many eventually near or wholly monopolies.
Each also evolved into military targets for control, contamination,
destruction, and in some cases excluded as too essential for
civilian livelihood to target.
Comsec as a right for human discourse rather than a commercial
service could enforce privacy beyond easy violation for official
and commercial purposes.
Freedom of comsec, say, as a new entry in the US Bill of Rights
could lead the way for it to be a fundamental element of Human
The problem will be as ever the commercial and governmental
exploiters aiming to protect their interests against that of
the public.
FCC and NIST, indeed, the three branches, are hardly reliable to
pursue this, so beholden to the spy agencies they cannot be trusted.
NSA's ubiquitous spying on everybody at home and elsewhere
with technology beyond accountability does raise the chances of
getting agreement of all targets -- gov, com, edu, org -- to say
enough is enough, national security has become a catchall for
inexcusable invasion of the public realm.

@_date: 2014-03-13 13:59:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
Snowden may have raised the prospect of comsec as a public utility
like power, water, gas, sewage, air quality, environmental protection
and telecommunications. Privacy protection has been shown to be
illusory at best, deceptive at worst, due to the uncontrollable
technology applied erroneously for national security.
Each of the other public utilities began as private offerings before
becoming commercialized and then institutionalized as necessities,
many eventually near or wholly monopolies.
Each also evolved into military targets for control, contamination,
destruction, and in some cases excluded as too essential for
civilian livelihood to target.
Comsec as a right for human discourse rather than a commercial
service could enforce privacy beyond easy violation for official
and commercial purposes.
Freedom of comsec, say, as a new entry in the US Bill of Rights
could lead the way for it to be a fundamental element of Human
The problem will be as ever the commercial and governmental
exploiters aiming to protect their interests against that of
the public.
FCC and NIST, indeed, the three branches, are hardly reliable to
pursue this, so beholden to the spy agencies they cannot be trusted.
NSA's ubiquitous spying on everybody at home and elsewhere
with technology beyond accountability does raise the chances of
getting agreement of all targets -- gov, com, edu, org -- to say
enough is enough, national security has become a catchall for
inexcusable invasion of the public realm.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-03-17 13:16:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Journalists Shill Sources and Secrets 
wait ... are you saying money corrupts ???
if you are saying that corruption is at hand then how can we trust the supposed human beings behind any of these names ? i mean i think you are saying corruption is at hand but i dont want to assume anything...
Assume this promotional creed screed for national security journalism:
No, media venality is not news. What is worth examining is the long-term
exploitation of "national security" as a joint gov-com-edu-org
racket to manipulate secretkeeping as a wealth concentration
industry. This has been commonplace since the national security
state was invented after WW2 and led to need for continuous
spying to manufacture enemies and to arm for diddly squat combat
against fictious foes by hugely expensive but hardly ever used
armaments. Cryptosystems among the black budgetary wastage.
In particular cryptosystem popularization (as here and its emulators)
as ostensible opposition to the national security racket, begun in the
flower-child 60s to flower wildly in the 90s and rise to a kudzu crescendo
with Snowden's operation to validate crypto use against illusory
enemies within the state, cloaked as usual by the blanket exculpt
"to do no harm to national security," then hide behind privileged
natsec journalism so dirty and complicit in govenment affairs it
needs protection from the public, so merely dribbles dainty
tidbits of threats to privacy and to advance the favorite ACLU
and EFF lawyerly fund-raising hobgobblin of constitutional
FISA Court jiggery-pokery by lawfare warriors indicates that
lawyers and judges know diddly about comsec technology
but dare not admit it and lose control of the public narrative
of threat and protection obligatory in the trillion dollar national
security hootenany which compares to organized religion of the
medieval era which ruled heaven and earth with fantasticly
frightening and pleasuring tales of evil and salvation.
Adled journalists are racing to adopt encryption as crusading
chain mail raiment, ignorant of how easily it can be penetrated,
but no matter, what will really protect the valiant journalists is
"constitutional protection," a comedy of conceit and stupidity
usually associated with court jesters.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-03-16 13:34:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Journalists Shill Sources and Secrets 
Journalists Shill Sources and Secrets
Advertised with $20,000 full-page vanity ad in the New York Times, 16 March 2014.
Coordinated with the NYT's release of its Snowden files series and books by Greenwald and Gellman, and video by Poitras, as well as capacious media roll-outs, conferences, celebrity profiles, movies, awards, prizes, law suits, mock threats, and phony investigations.
Also coordinated with the rise of billionaire and corporate-funded "non-profit" journalism like ProPublica, The Intercept and The Marshall Project which pay over $500,000 top salaries, some with over $1M in total compensation packages. See dozens of conference sponsors of commercial journalism at bottom.
This conference is full. Registration is now closed for this event.
Sources + Secrets
A Conference on the Press, the Government and National Security
Friday, March 21, 2014 at 8:00AM
at The TimesCenter
242 West 41st Street
New York, NY 10018
Focusing on the divide between the government and the press over coverage of national security issues, the Sources + Secrets Conference will examine the legal basis and scope of government actions that have hampered the work of journalists and offer administration representatives an opportunity to present their case for secrecy.
THE LONG ARM OF THE LAW: panel on the Espionage Act, recent court decisions and Justice Department guidelines on subpoenas to reporters
Ben Wizner, A.C.L.U.; David A. Schulz, First Amendment litigator; Laura R.  Handman, First Amendment litigator; Jeffrey Toobin, The New Yorker.   Moderator: Adam Liptak, The New York Times
PERILS OF COVERING NATIONAL SECURITY:  panel on the impact of government actions on confidential sources and reporting techniques
Jane Mayer, The New Yorker; Mark Mazzetti, The New York Times;    Peter Maass, writer; and Robert L. Deitz, former general    counsel, N.S.A. and senior councillor to the C.I.A. director. Moderator: Bob Woodward, The Washington Post
THE SNOWDEN REVELATIONS: Roger Cohen, The New York Times, interviews Glenn Greenwald, The Guardian; Laura Poitras, The New York Times; and Barton Gellman, The Washington Post, via Skype
PROSPECTS FOR A FEDERAL SHIELD LAW: discussion of the proposed Free Flow of Information Act
Bill Keller, editor in chief, The Marshall Project, interviews Senator Charles Schumer, followed by panel with Senator Schumer; Quinn Norton, freelance journalist, activist; Jonathan Landay, McClatchy; Scott Horton, reporter, Harper's Magazine; and Kenneth L. Wainstein, former assistant attorney general for national security and homeland security advisor
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?  Panel discussion on achieving a balance between press freedom and national security
Jill Abramson, executive editor, The New York Times; Martin Baron, executive editor, The Washington Post; David Remnick, editor, The New Yorker; Katrina vanden Heuvel, editor and publisher, The Nation; Robert S. Litt, General Counsel, Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Moderator: Ken Auletta, The New Yorker
SUPPORTED BY ABC News; The Annenberg Center on  Communication, Leadership & Policy; The Arthur L. Carter Journalism  Institute at New York University; The Associated Press; CBS; The Center  for Communication; the Center for Investigative Reporting; The Center  for Public Integrity; CNN; Columbia Graduate School of Journalism; The  Committee to Protect Journalists; The Denver Post; Frontline; The Hearst  Corporation; The Huffington Post; Investigative Reporters and Editors;  The Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy; The Los  Angeles Times; The McClatchy Company; the Medill National Security  Journalism Initiative; The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel; The New York  Review of Books; The New Yorker; the Newspaper Association of America;  The Nieman Foundation; NOLA.com/The Times-Picayune; PEN American Center;  The Philip Merrill College of Journalism; The Poynter Institute;  ProPublica; The Record and Herald News of North Jersey; the Reporters  Committee for Freedom of the Press; Reporters Without Borders; Reuters;  UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism; The Wall Street Journal and  The Washington Post.

@_date: 2014-03-16 13:34:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Journalists Shill Sources and Secrets 
Journalists Shill Sources and Secrets
Advertised with $20,000 full-page vanity ad in the New York Times, 16 March 2014.
Coordinated with the NYT's release of its Snowden files series and books by Greenwald and Gellman, and video by Poitras, as well as capacious media roll-outs, conferences, celebrity profiles, movies, awards, prizes, law suits, mock threats, and phony investigations.
Also coordinated with the rise of billionaire and corporate-funded "non-profit" journalism like ProPublica, The Intercept and The Marshall Project which pay over $500,000 top salaries, some with over $1M in total compensation packages. See dozens of conference sponsors of commercial journalism at bottom.
This conference is full. Registration is now closed for this event.
Sources + Secrets
A Conference on the Press, the Government and National Security
Friday, March 21, 2014 at 8:00AM
at The TimesCenter
242 West 41st Street
New York, NY 10018
Focusing on the divide between the government and the press over coverage of national security issues, the Sources + Secrets Conference will examine the legal basis and scope of government actions that have hampered the work of journalists and offer administration representatives an opportunity to present their case for secrecy.
THE LONG ARM OF THE LAW: panel on the Espionage Act, recent court decisions and Justice Department guidelines on subpoenas to reporters
Ben Wizner, A.C.L.U.; David A. Schulz, First Amendment litigator; Laura R.  Handman, First Amendment litigator; Jeffrey Toobin, The New Yorker.   Moderator: Adam Liptak, The New York Times
PERILS OF COVERING NATIONAL SECURITY:  panel on the impact of government actions on confidential sources and reporting techniques
Jane Mayer, The New Yorker; Mark Mazzetti, The New York Times;    Peter Maass, writer; and Robert L. Deitz, former general    counsel, N.S.A. and senior councillor to the C.I.A. director. Moderator: Bob Woodward, The Washington Post
THE SNOWDEN REVELATIONS: Roger Cohen, The New York Times, interviews Glenn Greenwald, The Guardian; Laura Poitras, The New York Times; and Barton Gellman, The Washington Post, via Skype
PROSPECTS FOR A FEDERAL SHIELD LAW: discussion of the proposed Free Flow of Information Act
Bill Keller, editor in chief, The Marshall Project, interviews Senator Charles Schumer, followed by panel with Senator Schumer; Quinn Norton, freelance journalist, activist; Jonathan Landay, McClatchy; Scott Horton, reporter, Harper's Magazine; and Kenneth L. Wainstein, former assistant attorney general for national security and homeland security advisor
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?  Panel discussion on achieving a balance between press freedom and national security
Jill Abramson, executive editor, The New York Times; Martin Baron, executive editor, The Washington Post; David Remnick, editor, The New Yorker; Katrina vanden Heuvel, editor and publisher, The Nation; Robert S. Litt, General Counsel, Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Moderator: Ken Auletta, The New Yorker
SUPPORTED BY ABC News; The Annenberg Center on  Communication, Leadership & Policy; The Arthur L. Carter Journalism  Institute at New York University; The Associated Press; CBS; The Center  for Communication; the Center for Investigative Reporting; The Center  for Public Integrity; CNN; Columbia Graduate School of Journalism; The  Committee to Protect Journalists; The Denver Post; Frontline; The Hearst  Corporation; The Huffington Post; Investigative Reporters and Editors;  The Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy; The Los  Angeles Times; The McClatchy Company; the Medill National Security  Journalism Initiative; The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel; The New York  Review of Books; The New Yorker; the Newspaper Association of America;  The Nieman Foundation; NOLA.com/The Times-Picayune; PEN American Center;  The Philip Merrill College of Journalism; The Poynter Institute;  ProPublica; The Record and Herald News of North Jersey; the Reporters  Committee for Freedom of the Press; Reporters Without Borders; Reuters;  UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism; The Wall Street Journal and  The Washington Post.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-03-21 12:01:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Compromised Sys Admin Hunters and Tor 
Sys admins catch you hunting them and arrange compromises
to fit your demands so you can crow about how skilled you are.
Then you hire them after being duped as you duped to be hired.
The lead Tor designer reportedly (via Washington Post) had a
session with NSA to brief on how to compromise it, although
"compromise" was not used nor is the word used by
Not many honest comsec wizards nowadays are promising
more than compromised comsec, and the compromise is gradually
increasing as Snowden material is dribbled out to convince the
public and wizards not a hell of a lot can be done about it except
believe in and buy more compromised comsec.
Not news here and in comsec wizard-land, to be sure, but
compromised comsec is the industry standard, as the industry
and its wizards in and out of government enjoy the boom and
bust in comsec tools generated by precursors of Snowden,
Snowden and his successors.
Compromisability is assumed by the comsec industry to be a
fundamental feature in all nations, no need to advertise it, much
better to advertise how great comsec is and now much it is
needed. Crypto-wizards have a long history of compromising
believers who hire them and who suffer their promises of
highly trusted protection.
Trusted comsec is necessary to get persons to pack their
comms with compromisable information. The greater the
trust the greater the revelations of just what is desired.
So what if laws are aleays jiggered to allow access to the
revelations "under legal pressure" and "FISC orders."
That has been a fundamental feature of crypto and
comsec wizardry.

@_date: 2014-03-21 12:01:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Compromised Sys Admin Hunters and Tor 
Sys admins catch you hunting them and arrange compromises
to fit your demands so you can crow about how skilled you are.
Then you hire them after being duped as you duped to be hired.
The lead Tor designer reportedly (via Washington Post) had a
session with NSA to brief on how to compromise it, although
"compromise" was not used nor is the word used by
Not many honest comsec wizards nowadays are promising
more than compromised comsec, and the compromise is gradually
increasing as Snowden material is dribbled out to convince the
public and wizards not a hell of a lot can be done about it except
believe in and buy more compromised comsec.
Not news here and in comsec wizard-land, to be sure, but
compromised comsec is the industry standard, as the industry
and its wizards in and out of government enjoy the boom and
bust in comsec tools generated by precursors of Snowden,
Snowden and his successors.
Compromisability is assumed by the comsec industry to be a
fundamental feature in all nations, no need to advertise it, much
better to advertise how great comsec is and now much it is
needed. Crypto-wizards have a long history of compromising
believers who hire them and who suffer their promises of
highly trusted protection.
Trusted comsec is necessary to get persons to pack their
comms with compromisable information. The greater the
trust the greater the revelations of just what is desired.
So what if laws are aleays jiggered to allow access to the
revelations "under legal pressure" and "FISC orders."
That has been a fundamental feature of crypto and
comsec wizardry.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-03-26 11:23:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: To Tor or not to Tor? 
Ubiquitous use of a comsec system is a vulnerability, whether
PGP or Tor or another popular means. Crypto advocates and
Tor encourage widespread use as a defense but may be luring
victims into traps. The more users of a system the more likely
it will be attacked by officials or by malefactors. And the attacks
are most often overlooked in the volume, or excused as a price
of popularity, fixes underway, always underway, keeping coders
and investors happy as engineers mud-wrestling and financiers
Most trusted systems (MTS) are where the money is, as with banks,
so that's where robbers make their living, and MTS set up budgets
for loss, PR, lobbying, training staff in cover-ups and workarounds,
hiring ex-regulators and distinguished industry leaders as advisors,
board members and faces of the MTS around the planet.
The lucrative boomlet in comsec generated by Snowden Inc's
marketing gambit promoting encryption and enhanced comsec
among media mouthpiece megaphones indicates that another
cycle of dubity of the status quo comsec confidence game is
to be followed by a repair and rejigger protection racket,
as evidenced on these mail lists, at conferences, and no doubt
in halls of semi-classified exchanges everready to share tips
and tricks to ratchet up demand for security in all its devilish
Was it not mere months ago when a call was issued to redesign
and or replace the entire Internet from top to bottom, the whole
thing, to end the futile comsec tinkering and delusionary marketing,
no way the Frankenstein could be made secure for human use,
it had fundamental faults which precluded durable comsec.
Perhaps re-Frankensteining is being done in semi-classified
halls, hindered by by official and commercial and scholarly
exploiters of the monster's faults to advance their interests
in advocating MTS for public use, just keep those research
and investment funds flowing.
No risk, no security market, so what fool would want an Internet that
had no faults. No bank would want perfect security to be available
directly to customers. No military or spy agency would want perfect
national security available to the citizenry. No government would
want a threat-free populace. No comsec industry would want ...
Best to aim for pretty good comsec and call it best that can
be done but cheating happens, thank you Edward Snowden,
so prepare for disaster "not if, not when, but now." Intel
committees wokring hand in hand with Snowden Inc. to keep
the public panicky and needful of secrecy protection of
the holy grail, national security backed by WMD.
In short, Tor is a confidence game, crypto is a confidence game,
no better than military, espionage, publicity, entertainment, finance,
law, insurance, education and religion. Oops those are the primary
routes to wealth and power concentration and need for WMD
What, you say WMD is a confidence game? Getoutahere, that's
top secret codeword core faith in secretkeeping. Without that
fundamental Frankensteinian fault nobody would buy security
against the Doctors of monsters working hard at most secret
laboratories on earth to devise crypto for assuring WMD comms
and launch threats are pretty good at persuading the public to
pay the steep protection fee -- which it should be noted is
laundered through IRS and NGOs, blessed by FRS and SEC.
Damn 3 lettered agencies of God.

@_date: 2014-03-26 11:23:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Tor or not to Tor? 
Ubiquitous use of a comsec system is a vulnerability, whether
PGP or Tor or another popular means. Crypto advocates and
Tor encourage widespread use as a defense but may be luring
victims into traps. The more users of a system the more likely
it will be attacked by officials or by malefactors. And the attacks
are most often overlooked in the volume, or excused as a price
of popularity, fixes underway, always underway, keeping coders
and investors happy as engineers mud-wrestling and financiers
Most trusted systems (MTS) are where the money is, as with banks,
so that's where robbers make their living, and MTS set up budgets
for loss, PR, lobbying, training staff in cover-ups and workarounds,
hiring ex-regulators and distinguished industry leaders as advisors,
board members and faces of the MTS around the planet.
The lucrative boomlet in comsec generated by Snowden Inc's
marketing gambit promoting encryption and enhanced comsec
among media mouthpiece megaphones indicates that another
cycle of dubity of the status quo comsec confidence game is
to be followed by a repair and rejigger protection racket,
as evidenced on these mail lists, at conferences, and no doubt
in halls of semi-classified exchanges everready to share tips
and tricks to ratchet up demand for security in all its devilish
Was it not mere months ago when a call was issued to redesign
and or replace the entire Internet from top to bottom, the whole
thing, to end the futile comsec tinkering and delusionary marketing,
no way the Frankenstein could be made secure for human use,
it had fundamental faults which precluded durable comsec.
Perhaps re-Frankensteining is being done in semi-classified
halls, hindered by by official and commercial and scholarly
exploiters of the monster's faults to advance their interests
in advocating MTS for public use, just keep those research
and investment funds flowing.
No risk, no security market, so what fool would want an Internet that
had no faults. No bank would want perfect security to be available
directly to customers. No military or spy agency would want perfect
national security available to the citizenry. No government would
want a threat-free populace. No comsec industry would want ...
Best to aim for pretty good comsec and call it best that can
be done but cheating happens, thank you Edward Snowden,
so prepare for disaster "not if, not when, but now." Intel
committees wokring hand in hand with Snowden Inc. to keep
the public panicky and needful of secrecy protection of
the holy grail, national security backed by WMD.
In short, Tor is a confidence game, crypto is a confidence game,
no better than military, espionage, publicity, entertainment, finance,
law, insurance, education and religion. Oops those are the primary
routes to wealth and power concentration and need for WMD
What, you say WMD is a confidence game? Getoutahere, that's
top secret codeword core faith in secretkeeping. Without that
fundamental Frankensteinian fault nobody would buy security
against the Doctors of monsters working hard at most secret
laboratories on earth to devise crypto for assuring WMD comms
and launch threats are pretty good at persuading the public to
pay the steep protection fee -- which it should be noted is
laundered through IRS and NGOs, blessed by FRS and SEC.
Damn 3 lettered agencies of God.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-03-07 19:31:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
"Also keep in mind that there are no confirmed on the record cases to
date of a Tor 'break/weakness' having been used to find a user. It
appears to be only user error."
One of the perdurable claims of comsec promoters is that comsec
breaks and weaknesses inevitably turn out to be user errors. Exactly
who the fictitious user is remains obscure but assuredly means
somebody other than the comsec promoter user who inevitably
offers a greatly improved product, trust them.
Tor is especially adept at blaming users, itself faultless except for lack
of volunteers to patch its innumerable holes (caused by clueless users),
so much so one might think that is a feature derived from the religion
of national security (actually that is its source and shows its heritage
of exculpability) which inevitably fails due to lack of funding, political
  will, public support, unwillingness of youngsters to die for officer
careers, that is customers must suffer for company profits.
Has there been a better account of inevitable exculpability for
inevitable comsec failure than that by NSA in 1998?
Still hope continues -- thanks to Edward Snowden and his legions
of inevitable comsec failure promoters:
Cyber Security Market Forecast 2014-2024: Prospects For Leading Companies in Military, Government, Critical Infrastructure & Private Sector Protection
Defence report
Cyber attacks continue to dominate the headlines, and with good reason. While the threat of cyber security is often exaggerated, there is no doubt that the enhanced networking of society has created substantial vulnerabilities lurking within its interconnected pathways. With attackers able to strike from anywhere and inflict damage on a significant (but often unnoticed) scale, the threat has never been greater to the reams of knowledge held by governments and enterprise. There is also the threat to military information sharing networks representing a significant challenge: in an era of increased integration between systems and platforms, the very webs which act as force multipliers could collapse. Efforts to counter these extensive vulnerabilities are presently ongoing to an impressive degree, and the speed of these developments is not expected to lessen unduly. As a consequence, visiongain has assessed that the value of the global Cyber Security market in 2014 will reach $76.68bn.
Why you should buy Cyber Security Market Forecast 2014-2024: Prospects For Leading Companies in Military, Government, Critical Infrastructure & Private Sector Protection

@_date: 2014-03-07 19:31:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
"Also keep in mind that there are no confirmed on the record cases to
date of a Tor 'break/weakness' having been used to find a user. It
appears to be only user error."
One of the perdurable claims of comsec promoters is that comsec
breaks and weaknesses inevitably turn out to be user errors. Exactly
who the fictitious user is remains obscure but assuredly means
somebody other than the comsec promoter user who inevitably
offers a greatly improved product, trust them.
Tor is especially adept at blaming users, itself faultless except for lack
of volunteers to patch its innumerable holes (caused by clueless users),
so much so one might think that is a feature derived from the religion
of national security (actually that is its source and shows its heritage
of exculpability) which inevitably fails due to lack of funding, political
  will, public support, unwillingness of youngsters to die for officer
careers, that is customers must suffer for company profits.
Has there been a better account of inevitable exculpability for
inevitable comsec failure than that by NSA in 1998?
Still hope continues -- thanks to Edward Snowden and his legions
of inevitable comsec failure promoters:
Cyber Security Market Forecast 2014-2024: Prospects For Leading Companies in Military, Government, Critical Infrastructure & Private Sector Protection
Defence report
Cyber attacks continue to dominate the headlines, and with good reason. While the threat of cyber security is often exaggerated, there is no doubt that the enhanced networking of society has created substantial vulnerabilities lurking within its interconnected pathways. With attackers able to strike from anywhere and inflict damage on a significant (but often unnoticed) scale, the threat has never been greater to the reams of knowledge held by governments and enterprise. There is also the threat to military information sharing networks representing a significant challenge: in an era of increased integration between systems and platforms, the very webs which act as force multipliers could collapse. Efforts to counter these extensive vulnerabilities are presently ongoing to an impressive degree, and the speed of these developments is not expected to lessen unduly. As a consequence, visiongain has assessed that the value of the global Cyber Security market in 2014 will reach $76.68bn.
Why you should buy Cyber Security Market Forecast 2014-2024: Prospects For Leading Companies in Military, Government, Critical Infrastructure & Private Sector Protection

@_date: 2014-03-06 15:01:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] See??? Satoshi Nakamoto Smeared 
Leah McGrath Goodman
What a piece of shit reporting. Journalists compulsively play
pop psychologist is reporting on targets to obscure their
lack of technical capability. When ridiculed for this they
say readers want the gossip because they too lack technical
Not a single journalist resists the temptation for slimey personal
analysis to boost sales from Obama to Putin to Satoshi, from
NY Times to Guardian to WaPo to Wired to The Intercept.
Still the tech firms suck up to the ignorant outlets for lurid
coverage, crypto firms now leading the pack to promote
comsec panic for digital cash-in. You, once honorably corrupt,
dear cpunks, should be raking it in as if in compelled to
rationalize cryptoligarchy.
Fuck them dead, the whipsawing comsec windfall bandits.
Leah McGrath Goodman  What a
piece of shit reporting. Journalists compulsively play
pop psychologist is reporting on targets to obscure their
lack of technical capability. When ridiculed for this they
say readers want the gossip because they too lack technical
Not a single journalist resists the temptation for slimey personal analysis to boost sales from Obama to Putin to Satoshi, from
NY Times to Guardian to WaPo to Wired to The Intercept.
Still the tech firms suck up to the ignorant outlets for lurid
coverage, crypto firms now leading the pack to promote
comsec panic for digital cash-in. You, once honorably corrupt,
dear cpunks, should be raking it in as if in compelled to
rationalize cryptoligarchy.
Fuck them dead, the whipsawing comsec windfall bandits.
I *told* you I wasnt
Poor bastard...

@_date: 2014-03-06 15:01:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: See??? Satoshi Nakamoto Smeared 
Leah McGrath Goodman
What a piece of shit reporting. Journalists compulsively play
pop psychologist is reporting on targets to obscure their
lack of technical capability. When ridiculed for this they
say readers want the gossip because they too lack technical
Not a single journalist resists the temptation for slimey personal
analysis to boost sales from Obama to Putin to Satoshi, from
NY Times to Guardian to WaPo to Wired to The Intercept.
Still the tech firms suck up to the ignorant outlets for lurid
coverage, crypto firms now leading the pack to promote
comsec panic for digital cash-in. You, once honorably corrupt,
dear cpunks, should be raking it in as if in compelled to
rationalize cryptoligarchy.
Fuck them dead, the whipsawing comsec windfall bandits.
Leah McGrath Goodman  What a
piece of shit reporting. Journalists compulsively play
pop psychologist is reporting on targets to obscure their
lack of technical capability. When ridiculed for this they
say readers want the gossip because they too lack technical
Not a single journalist resists the temptation for slimey personal analysis to boost sales from Obama to Putin to Satoshi, from
NY Times to Guardian to WaPo to Wired to The Intercept.
Still the tech firms suck up to the ignorant outlets for lurid
coverage, crypto firms now leading the pack to promote
comsec panic for digital cash-in. You, once honorably corrupt,
dear cpunks, should be raking it in as if in compelled to
rationalize cryptoligarchy.
Fuck them dead, the whipsawing comsec windfall bandits.
I *told* you I wasnt
Poor bastard...

@_date: 2014-03-19 20:52:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Skype and Crypto Pushed by Snowden a Ploy? 
In connection with using "encrypted, secure connection" Skype for
Snowden's imagery at SXSW and TED, as well as encrypted comms
with journalists and event organizers, what has led these comsec
advisors to believe that all too vulnerable Skype is secure, as well
as all too vulnerable popular crypto pushed for journalists?
Is there any indication Snowden has deployed less vulnerable
protections which have not been disclosed as backing for his
encouragement to trust encryption and to allow Skype to
finger his location and leak his comms?
To be sure, many of his remarks seem to be carefully scripted
for low-brow consumption characteristic of journalism. So there
may be a secure back-channel being used with Skype and pop
crypto as diversion.
The low-brow slides, clips, short docs, redactions released by the
media point to a deception of some sort yet to be disclosed until
25 years has passed. Hyperventilating press accounts of the
releases suggest either deception, inexperience or technical
ignorance or all.
Still, that kind of misleading comsec deception would be commonplace
security measures characterisitic of NSA and wizards -- to induce the
flock to churn massive amount publicity about encrypted comms --
and Skype -- to camouflage the Tor, blacker and deeper comms,
not to say the even blacker and deeper tools not seen by Snowden
or not yet released.
More sopisticated would be to use the small amount of NSA releases
to cloak far greater distribution (a method used by WikiLeaks and
the black market as well as the spy industry). That too would closer
to what the big boys and girls do, and therefore would be exactly what
they are watching for. Including watching for ploys to hide ploys.

@_date: 2014-04-28 11:19:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] GCC bug 30475 (was Re: bounded pointers in C) 
The criminal liability of NSA, other spies corps, orgs and comsec
wizards in de facto complicit deception and exploitation of the
public is a worthy topic to drag out of the hideaways.
It might be demonizing of the valiant code warriors to be described
as a Racketeer Influenced Criminal Organization operating under
the cheerfully duplicitous Open Source.
Open secrecy is the main tool of these sub rosa hoodlums,
Mafioso mathematicians wiggling out of responsibility by algo
shadiness and protestations of public service on behalf of
working around censorship to free the slaves for better use
producing cream for the privacy milkers.
Top of the cream milkers adopt the aggrieved innocence
when caught red-handed rustling public cattle, hello Mr. Bundy.
So sue me, they laugh, knowing no jury could possibly grasp
the arcane lingo the bozos use to semaphor signals about their
nefaria promoted as good for the commonweal.  Subsidize
us, befuddled citz, kachink.
A huge market ripoff, comsec, privacy and freedom of the
Internet. Simple beginnings with a few crafty ne'er do well
engineers, mathematicians and scientists, avoiding penal
labor in labs, factories and spynests, setting up a quiet
racket to control and monetize crypto, comsec and privacy
while selling hacks and snitching to the fuzz downtown.
Which has produced a boom in profits and reputations
for the TLA- and nick-named coders, hackers, exploiters,
leakers, promoters, apologists, yes, even populist heros
and awards winners from Anonymous to Alexander to
Snowden and this very list of who's who in wily coyotes.
Code-wielding Corsicans never had it so good since
the opening of the Internet frontier to unfettered gangsters
claiming to be comsec enforcers for Judge Roy Bean west
of Silicon Valley).
Just saying howdy to my gang of cypherpunks free rangers
for whom working around law-enforcement fences while
informing, backdooring, and cheating on each other is
top secret code of silence Omerta.

@_date: 2014-04-19 14:43:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Inevitable Security Critiques, Promises and Lemons 
Gratifying to see a few of those here featured in NY Times today
discussing inevitable failures and contradictions in security:
To be read with Schneier's 2007 account of inevitable security lemons
(resurrected by Coderman):
Our security consumer advice based on frank, honest and distrustful
discussions here for nearly 18 years:
"Unreliable SSL has been uninstalled. All security and privacy policies are unreliable. Protect yourself against security and privacy promise."
Still hopeful Hettinga will plug these insider breaches of why marketing
lemonade is so lucratively persuasive to those who know better. And who
do not disclose here.

@_date: 2014-04-03 10:42:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group 
Stone's is a good statement which correctly places responsibility
on three-branch policy and oversight of NSA, a military unit obliged
to obey command of civilians however bizarre and politically self-serving.
ODNI and NSA have been inviting a series of critics and journalists
to discussions. Most have resulted in statements similar to
Stone's. No such discussions were held after 9/11.
Incorrect to compare NSA to rogue, dirty work, civilian-led CIA
which will attack the three branches if riled. That is the blackmail
looming since 1947.
Greater public oversight of the three-branches is needed, for they
are the rogue, dirty work, civilian-led three LS, protecty by highest
If this can be helped by these invited discussions and statements,
that would be a true advance beyond mere futile debate so far
generated by shallow journalisitic reporting and polemics.
Release of far more of Snowden's documents will be needed
for this to happen, hopefully the whole wad by a means that will
put the technology in the hands of those who can understand
it. So far, the journalists have released only the most useful
to arouse indignation and refuse to release what could make
a lasting difference. Not that journalists should be expected
to make a lasting difference.

@_date: 2014-04-03 10:42:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group 
Stone's is a good statement which correctly places responsibility
on three-branch policy and oversight of NSA, a military unit obliged
to obey command of civilians however bizarre and politically self-serving.
ODNI and NSA have been inviting a series of critics and journalists
to discussions. Most have resulted in statements similar to
Stone's. No such discussions were held after 9/11.
Incorrect to compare NSA to rogue, dirty work, civilian-led CIA
which will attack the three branches if riled. That is the blackmail
looming since 1947.
Greater public oversight of the three-branches is needed, for they
are the rogue, dirty work, civilian-led three LS, protecty by highest
If this can be helped by these invited discussions and statements,
that would be a true advance beyond mere futile debate so far
generated by shallow journalisitic reporting and polemics.
Release of far more of Snowden's documents will be needed
for this to happen, hopefully the whole wad by a means that will
put the technology in the hands of those who can understand
it. So far, the journalists have released only the most useful
to arouse indignation and refuse to release what could make
a lasting difference. Not that journalists should be expected
to make a lasting difference.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-04-03 12:09:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group - Part 2 
The CIA is the principal customer of NSA products outside
the military. When global cyber spying Cybercom was proposed
NSA did not want to do it, claiming it exceeded NSA's military
mission. However, the pols, and CIA, wanted that very excess,
in particular for spying inside the US, ostensibly banned for the
CIA but now needed for terrorists inside.
CIA (long FBI opponents) thought FBI could not cope with inside
terrorists, using 9/11 as an example, and advocated NSA involvement
with its much greater technical capability, but more importantly, its
military-privileged secrecy not susceptible to full congressional
oversight, courts and FOIA.
The joint CIA-NSA Special Collection Service (SCS) has
been doing for decades what NSA is now alone accused of doing:
CIA provided the targets, NSA did the technical collection from
those global stations identified by xKeyscore (most in embassies
or nearby).
What is bizarre is how little CIA is mentioned in news furor about
NSA, as if NSA did its work in isolation from the IC and without
oversight of the 3 branches.
SCS also does burglaries, code snatches, decrypts, doc drops,
stings, ploys, blackmail, the panoply of CIA operations. The increased
civilian target panoply bestowed upon NSA came from CIA demands
channeled through ODNI.
Reviewing what little has been released of the Snowden documents
they are quite similar to what SCS has been doing with the addition
of the US as target. FISA had to be rejiggered for the US domain.
Most national leaders, like POTUS, are considered to be military
commanders thus fair game for NSA along with CIA. Nothing
exceptional about the recent revelations of spying on chiefs of
NSA technical collection capability was developed for the
military, not civilian use. Now expanded to CIA full dominance
territory. FISA had to be rejiggered for using it against civilians.
And is still being rejiggered these days.
NSA's recent attempt to slough off Cybercom and return to
its military mission, has been rejected by the civilian overseers
following CIA guidance and fear-mongering of civilians, especially
those inside the US. The last thing CIA and its supporters want
is a revelation of its manipulation of civilian leaders institutionalized
by the 1947 National Security Act (also opposed by the military).
At 10:56 PM 4/2/2014, DG wrote on cypherpunks:

@_date: 2014-04-03 12:09:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group - Part 2 
The CIA is the principal customer of NSA products outside
the military. When global cyber spying Cybercom was proposed
NSA did not want to do it, claiming it exceeded NSA's military
mission. However, the pols, and CIA, wanted that very excess,
in particular for spying inside the US, ostensibly banned for the
CIA but now needed for terrorists inside.
CIA (long FBI opponents) thought FBI could not cope with inside
terrorists, using 9/11 as an example, and advocated NSA involvement
with its much greater technical capability, but more importantly, its
military-privileged secrecy not susceptible to full congressional
oversight, courts and FOIA.
The joint CIA-NSA Special Collection Service (SCS) has
been doing for decades what NSA is now alone accused of doing:
CIA provided the targets, NSA did the technical collection from
those global stations identified by xKeyscore (most in embassies
or nearby).
What is bizarre is how little CIA is mentioned in news furor about
NSA, as if NSA did its work in isolation from the IC and without
oversight of the 3 branches.
SCS also does burglaries, code snatches, decrypts, doc drops,
stings, ploys, blackmail, the panoply of CIA operations. The increased
civilian target panoply bestowed upon NSA came from CIA demands
channeled through ODNI.
Reviewing what little has been released of the Snowden documents
they are quite similar to what SCS has been doing with the addition
of the US as target. FISA had to be rejiggered for the US domain.
Most national leaders, like POTUS, are considered to be military
commanders thus fair game for NSA along with CIA. Nothing
exceptional about the recent revelations of spying on chiefs of
NSA technical collection capability was developed for the
military, not civilian use. Now expanded to CIA full dominance
territory. FISA had to be rejiggered for using it against civilians.
And is still being rejiggered these days.
NSA's recent attempt to slough off Cybercom and return to
its military mission, has been rejected by the civilian overseers
following CIA guidance and fear-mongering of civilians, especially
those inside the US. The last thing CIA and its supporters want
is a revelation of its manipulation of civilian leaders institutionalized
by the 1947 National Security Act (also opposed by the military).
At 10:56 PM 4/2/2014, DG wrote on cypherpunks:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-04-04 13:28:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Tails 
Informative tweets on Tails security since the fund-raising announcement:

@_date: 2014-04-04 13:28:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Tails 
Informative tweets on Tails security since the fund-raising announcement:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-04-13 19:32:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Re: snowman news 
Dear Maligned Ethicist Machet,
Your fee for complaining about star *ucking has been transmitted
to Hettinga's offshore dark pool of smegma.
We appreciate your disclosing this private banking arrangement
to encourage others to reap the benefits of advertising online
the ancient love scribble scratched on rubber tree trunks, on
kindergarten desktops, on unisex toilet stalls and distributed by
porous-sheathed onion routers to mind*uck horny espionage
pornsters posting and ogling kiddie-selfies for entrapment
bonuses. Underarmored in *uck cpunks tees.

@_date: 2014-04-13 16:01:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [cryptome] Re: snowman news 
The Polk Award plaques have concealed cavity transmitters,
so our Google glasses indicate. Back-up. we palmed a sliver
RFID in GG's wide mouthed molar, another in Miranda's steely
butt, Poitras's panoptic camera, Gellman's top-sekret OTR widget,
MacAskill's brogue-decrytor (we saw him plant a 0-day craw deep
inside James Ball's kisser).
Our totally undoctored vids and transcripts are at Amazon,
Utah, Four Eyes, RU, CN, BR, all of them on the same transceiving
thieving pipe, each with a twinned JPmorgan, Goldman Sachs
fiber, so reports ourr splitter at Ross Anderson's lab in
Oxbridge-Cheltenham, centroid of the universe's gobbling
The fake one underskinned in Markus Kuhn's vestigal tail.
Real one infected at Vatican, eternal cloud of the pipe of pipes.
 > Great that Snowden is getting another chance to speak for himself,
speaking of speaking directly, i hear one fine JYA got to mingle with
the leakers?
how hard did you press for a mass doc drop, John?  i would have
donated toward such a bribe...
looks like an interesting crowd!
  (who has .vid transcripts?)
best regards,
    c.f.: cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-04-13 16:01:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Re: snowman news 
The Polk Award plaques have concealed cavity transmitters,
so our Google glasses indicate. Back-up. we palmed a sliver
RFID in GG's wide mouthed molar, another in Miranda's steely
butt, Poitras's panoptic camera, Gellman's top-sekret OTR widget,
MacAskill's brogue-decrytor (we saw him plant a 0-day craw deep
inside James Ball's kisser).
Our totally undoctored vids and transcripts are at Amazon,
Utah, Four Eyes, RU, CN, BR, all of them on the same transceiving
thieving pipe, each with a twinned JPmorgan, Goldman Sachs
fiber, so reports ourr splitter at Ross Anderson's lab in
Oxbridge-Cheltenham, centroid of the universe's gobbling
The fake one underskinned in Markus Kuhn's vestigal tail.
Real one infected at Vatican, eternal cloud of the pipe of pipes.
 > Great that Snowden is getting another chance to speak for himself,
speaking of speaking directly, i hear one fine JYA got to mingle with
the leakers?
how hard did you press for a mass doc drop, John?  i would have
donated toward such a bribe...
looks like an interesting crowd!
  (who has .vid transcripts?)
best regards,
    c.f.:

@_date: 2014-04-07 23:48:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: snowman news 
Great that Snowden is getting another chance to speak for himself,
as available on an awfully restricted technical tube-like forum -- so
far only talking head shots at the venues where he has been beamed
in from who knows where, scripted by who knows who from his burgeoning
team of handlers, now joined by EU polopportunists.
It would be even greater if if Snowden himself released or at least
displayed documents beside his head or encouraged the withholders
to do so as the surcharge for their exclusive rigging of ever fewer releases.
Head shotting and paneling by and about Snowden seems to have
substituted for release of documents needed for us to reach our own
conclusions. Entertainment over information.
Oh well, that condescension is how media, politicians and governments
manipulate us ignorant consumers of produce.
Thanks for keeping us alert to EU produce.

@_date: 2014-04-07 11:18:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: hello my fellow future bug splats 
Still, despite the slight irritation about drone killings, there
have been, AFAIK, no protests at the CIA HQ gates against
the agency's drone pilots, sensors and weapons launchers
located at temporary huts at both sides of spies' pig sty
dining hall.
Nor at the drone pilots, sensors and weapons launchers training
base at Indian Wells AFB, Nevada.
Nor at the homes of spy and mil drone operators, sensors and
weapons  launchers. (Apparently none have yet been doxed
although DoD droners have been named in news reports and
DoD PR media when medals are awarded.)
Nor at the contractors who build and staff drones, training and
Nor at the homes of the USG three-branch members who
support the drone murders.
Nor at the several universities where students are trained to
operate drones in expectation of well-paying jobs in a booming
(no pun) industry. DoD recruits by touting the swell future for
droners trained by DoD for later civilian employment. As well
as touting the role of drone contractors (CIA does too but more
Nor any sabotage of drone systems. Oops, that criminal, don't
do it.
So it is not clear what opponents of drone kilings are willing
to do beyond risk-free bitching, strutting, mail bombing and
petitioning. All of which is a good start but not likely to have
much effect until opposition is well beyond verbal puking.
Does this remind of the way crypto is handled by deft verbal
puking about the industry while quietly working within it, hoping
the pukers will continue helping draw attention to the need for
a duplicitious practice to combat enemies of the industry.

@_date: 2014-04-18 12:46:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA good guys 
The eye of god is upon the earth, sin not heathens.
unavoidable sin is required to justify god business.
No insecurity, no god security blanket app.
Prayer is more effective than encryption. Kickstart a
religion, call it Darksec. Give away free, with 3D funny
hats and walks and masks. Beguile officials into
raiding your printer buried under Hettinga's compost
of coconut shell Bitcoins.

@_date: 2014-04-16 13:36:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA good guys 
"Wrong place at the wrong time."
This is the platinum defense Blackwater and the USG used to excuse
the murders. And the same used for any warfare collateral damage,
strategic bombing of civiians, WMD mutually assured destruction,
law enforcement killings, CIA killings, Mafia killings, drug kingpin
killings, husbands and wives killing of each other and their kids,
abortion killings, gun-lovers killings, slaughter of indigenous
peoples, military slaughter of all kinds -- why the very lament of
every killer who is caught red-handed, blood dripping with
body-armored thrill.
Indeed, this exculpation is taught in the drone operation schools,
top military academies, in special operations and covert operations
schools, in basic training to teach newbie killers to use force
against defenseless targets, in foreign policy universities and
think wankerages, in richest clubs of murderers gulping tankards
of blood-red wine toasting asymmetrical carnage of worldwide
finance, law and religion. Business schools most bloody-minded,
eminent domain and taxpayer subsidy for predation Course 101.
Millions of people have been, are, and will be, slaughtered by
this very rationale of repugnant cowards who are sexually
gratified by obliterating helpless creatures who happened
to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Even a small
percentage of the killers suffer this fate, but they are honored
with grotesques displays of bloodless sparkling uniforms,
weeping families, snoring encomiums of sacrifice, luxurious
caskets flag-draped, tooting of bugles and firing of rifles (!),
then dumped in the same ground as their hapless victims
to rot and be eaten by worms enjoying being in the right place
at the right time.

@_date: 2014-05-14 10:50:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re:   =?iso-8859-1?Q?"SIGINT_tradecraft=85is_very_hands-on_(l_i_teral?= 
That would be quite useful. How would you crack it if used
by an opponent?
That would be quite useful. How would you crack it if used
by an opponent?
Alright, what I meant was
this: The judge ordered that the information be provided in
electronically-readable form. He meant, "not on paper",
because if it were on paper, that would be very difficult to actually
USE. My idea was to put the information onto pdf files, where if
you view the pdf file, it would look like lines of
"captcha"-type data: Weird, warped characters, in various
odd colors, overlapping lines, etc.
CAPTCHA - Wikipedia, the
free encyclopedia Specifically designed to NOT be
computer-identifiable. The essence of the presentation of the data
would be that it wouldn't be readable by 'computer' at all; it would have
to be decoded by human intervention...even though it was in
"electronically-readable form"!!
CAPTCHA - Wikipedia, the
free encyclopedia
A CAPTCHA (an acronym for "Completely Automated Public Turing test
to tell Computers and Humans Apart") is a type of
View on
Preview by Yahoo
 Jim Bell

@_date: 2014-05-09 14:55:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome Archive Over 71,000 Files 
Donate for the Cryptome Archive of over 71,000 files from June 1996 to 6 May 2014 on 1 USB (23.8GB):
Donate for the Cryptome Archive of over 71,000 files from June 1996 to 6
May 2014 on 1 USB (23.8GB):

@_date: 2014-05-09 12:23:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dan Geer on IoT 
Attendees will hear an address by Dr. Dan Geer, the Chief Security
Officer at In-Q-Tel, the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency's investment
arm. Dan is one of the smartest and most prescient thinkers in the
security world, who has made headlines by warning about the dangers
of our reliance of technology monocultures like Microsoft's Windows
operating systems. Most recently, Dan has been sounding similar alarms
about an (emerging) monoculture of "small devices and the chips that run
them." In other words: just because the network of the future doesn't
have a Windows sticker and "Intel Inside" logo on it, doesn't mean that
the same kinds of problems don't exist.
Many of you who have been following this blog know that the Security
Ledger is particularly interested in covering the (fast) evolving border
line between "traditional" IT security and the terra incognito of the
Internet of Things.
This week, we're taking that discussion to the next level with our
first-ever event: The Security of Things Forum (or SECoT for short).
SECoT is going to be an amazing day of discussion and debate about
what I consider one of the foremost challenges facing the
technology community in the next decade: securing a rapidly
expanding population of intelligent and Internet-connected devices.

@_date: 2014-05-07 11:10:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: General Keith.. so great to see you.. 
Not only the cyber titans were treated to classified briefings
by NSA but also journalists, a number of them since the Snowden
releases, continuing a long tradition of cultivating amplifiers
and opiners in just about all fields -- com, edu, org, experts,
in particular those in infosec, comsec, netsec and data
And like the titans, the others assure their customers nothing
like that is going on, abiding non-disclosure pacts obligatory
for classified entry to secretkeeping. Dual-hats for dual-usage.
And not a few of these are rewarded not merely with information
but contracts, fees, endorsements, featured product placements
in spy offerings, awards (open and secret), vouchings in setting
of standards, educational scholarships for expert profs students
and research assistants, consultancies, recommendations to
corporations and foreign customers.
What is wondrous about the Snowden releases is that there
is so little about this far broader constituencies which conspire
with spies, invent and promote spy products and services, with
the easy corporate targets serving as camouflage for the ostensibly
good hearts who avow they are on the side of the public.
A distinctive feature of this charade is inveterate lying, as spies
do with pride and vainglory, as security pros must do or die,
threatended to be killed for telling just half of the whole story
as ex-spies do to save their skin.
Whadda you mean, the whole story, are you nuts? The whole
story is beyond belief, beyond revelation, nobody knows it.
It is postulated to make the partial revelations look like a clue
to much worse, a standard spy, ethics, education, religion
business, government means and methods, which happens
to be in effect for Snowden, as with other spies and exes,
titans and journalists, scholars and hackers.

@_date: 2014-05-02 13:35:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA TEMPEST NONSTOP Document Released 
Just declassified and released after 8 years from FOIA request:
NSA TEMPEST 01-02 NONSTOP Evaluation Standard (Oct 2002):
 Compare NONSTOP Techniques from 1975:
Both heavily redacted but comparison may fill in missing.
The TEMPEST researchers at Cambridge may have full documents.
What say?
Our compilation: Just declassified and released after 8 years from FOIA request:
NSA TEMPEST 01-02 NONSTOP Evaluation Standard (Oct 2002): Compare NONSTOP Techniques from 1975:  Both heavily redacted but comparison may fill in missing.
The TEMPEST researchers at Cambridge may have full documents.
What say? Our compilation:

@_date: 2014-05-14 00:51:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: =?iso-8859-1?Q?"SIGINT_tradecraft=85is_very_hands-on_(li_terall?= =?iso-8859-1?Q?y!)"?= 
There is a good chance the documents are covertly marked as
you suggest, the ostentatious classification markings a ruse for
untutored yokels to fancy are genuine.
Covert markings have been in use for a long time, as well as
ostentatious markings. On paper as well as digital and other
forms of electronic.
And certainly packets carry unique markings in a variety of
overt and covert types.
Some of the techniques fall under the inadvertent emanations
rubric associated with Tempest -- which has blossomed well
beyond the FOIA releases from the late 1990s. TSCM is a
marvel of duplicity and ruse.
There is a good chance the documents are covertly marked as
you suggest, the ostentatious classification markings a ruse for
untutored yokels to fancy are genuine. Covert markings have been in use for a long time, as well as ostentatious markings. On paper as well as digital and other
forms of electronic.
And certainly packets carry unique markings in a variety of
overt and covert types.
Some of the techniques fall under the inadvertent emanations rubric associated with Tempest -- which has blossomed well beyond the FOIA releases from the late 1990s. TSCM is a marvel of duplicity and ruse.
Fox <fox
On Tue, May 13, 2014 at 2:58 PM, coderman
If I were the telephone company from which the records were requested,
I'd note that the records were requested in "electronic"
format. Then, I'd ask a programmer to write a program to write a
program to generate pdf files with embedded "captcha"-type
text: Images that are quite apparent to the human eye, but are very
difficult for any computer to make any sense of. All the
phone records would be there (in no particular order), and they'd all be
very readable to humans, but...
Jim Bell

@_date: 2014-05-13 08:00:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: =?iso-8859-1?Q?"SIGINT_tradecraft=85is_very_hands-on_(literally?= =?iso-8859-1?Q?!)"?= 
We've seen the Greenwald book No Place to Hide, where are the
promised gush of Snowden documents available? His publisher
doesn't show a source. Surely not another marketing tease.
Surely not snatched by the TLAs, tampered with, doctored,
MTM'd, redacted, censored, cherry-picked, highlighted for
dummies and fans, surely not handled like a disinfo spy
op, heavy on narrative, suggestions of much more unreleasable,
need for classified briefings and diligent vetting, that what
we documents censors know we can't dare tell the public
due to the public dupery by enemies of our interests.
Dropboxes are honey pots, media is just that, governments
are just that, opsec and comsec are just that.
And do tell, what is this SIGINT forum psyoping?

@_date: 2014-06-29 15:39:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jabber 
"Compromised" is the time's opportunistic word for ever more anti-NSA comsec, mom.
Cisco Jabber Client (scroll down):
Linked In Microsoft Office + Jabber Listed in Spy Program Specialty" (scroll down)
US Secret Service reportedly rigged access to Jabber to take down Silk Road and others. Can't find reference.
Allegations also made against Chaos Computer Club being "compromised."
No question that all these could be disinfo ops to distrust the services, discourage use and drive users to less
trustworthy servcies. However, the post-Snowden rise in "secure drop boxes," "NSA-proof email," and the bountiful other snake oils by the comsec industry and peculiarly opportunistic do-gooders suggests there are
willing and unwilling cooperators with the spooks industry, and not least, the thriving anti-spooks industry consulting the spooks on what can be done "without harming national security."
Cypherpunks laid the foundation for this, no question, and a few have gone on to do rather well at working both sides of comsec, that is what comsec has always been: duplicitous, sneaky, treacherous, lying, cheating, why not tell it snakily, downright upright-humans raping the planet and beyond the blob, the stars.
Examine speaker bureau offerings for who is traveling the blob peddling prime snake fracking.

@_date: 2014-06-23 17:22:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome down 
NetSol discovered a single corrupt file, which has been removed. Should
be active soon.
NetSol discovered a single corrupt file, which has been removed.
be active soon.
Cryptome and the mirror down
On Wed, Jun 11, 2014 at 11:46 PM, Christian Mayer
Why was it down?
On Thu, Jun 12, 2014 at 12:29 AM, coderman
On Tue, Jun 10, 2014 at 1:52 PM, grarpamp
it's back now.
... and for future reference, you may check:

@_date: 2014-06-07 12:08:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Internet Giants erect barriers to spy agencies 
No they haven't, Jim, you know that is a con from the 1990s.
Same type of corporations pushing the deceptive scheme,
matched by "displeasure" of the spies.
How in hell did the FOI-privacy warriors jump on board this
fraud except by donation bribery. Shame on them for
monetizing that "encryption works." In the days of old as
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-09 15:54:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police nationwide 
Tinfoil is not sufficent any more due to increased sensitivy of
interceptors. False protection left in place as ploy.
False TEMPEST protection is especially effective, the best
remains classified in a rolling fashion: more leaked to delude
the more unleaked of what works. Inadvertent emanations
are increasingly inadvertent as research in those waves
leaps by giant bounds.
Not news to this crafty gaggle of uncontrollably paranoidic
deceptors braying about faults, patches, new faults, new
paths, rolling thunder to panic herds of panic-herders,
pardon, infiltrated standards setters.
Jim, you may be the only experienced expert here in
betrayal by trustees inside and outside the penal colony,
pardon, West of the Pecos justice rigged-comsec
industry. All hail MIT, industry leader of techno-rigging.
BTW, are you at liberty to reveal the secrets of bio-chemical
TEMPEST? The inadvertent body odor is somewhat more
reliable than facial and corporeal. Rumor of testing on the
bio-chem harvesting in prisons, separation of sexes into
their many varieties of posturing, impostering, hybridity
and crossings.
After 9/11 batteries of full sprectrum bio-chem sensors
were set up in NYC transporation nodes, pretending to be
about snffing for bombs but actually about varieties of
human emanations. Later transformed and cloaked into
the Microsoft-NYPD Domain Awareness program which
pretended to be about data-gathering and infiltrating
suspected terrorist conclaves, vaunted by resucitated
HUMINT, but about, well, that's not for the inexperienced
emanator to know.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-09 15:54:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police nationwide 
Tinfoil is not sufficent any more due to increased sensitivy of
interceptors. False protection left in place as ploy.
False TEMPEST protection is especially effective, the best
remains classified in a rolling fashion: more leaked to delude
the more unleaked of what works. Inadvertent emanations
are increasingly inadvertent as research in those waves
leaps by giant bounds.
Not news to this crafty gaggle of uncontrollably paranoidic
deceptors braying about faults, patches, new faults, new
paths, rolling thunder to panic herds of panic-herders,
pardon, infiltrated standards setters.
Jim, you may be the only experienced expert here in
betrayal by trustees inside and outside the penal colony,
pardon, West of the Pecos justice rigged-comsec
industry. All hail MIT, industry leader of techno-rigging.
BTW, are you at liberty to reveal the secrets of bio-chemical
TEMPEST? The inadvertent body odor is somewhat more
reliable than facial and corporeal. Rumor of testing on the
bio-chem harvesting in prisons, separation of sexes into
their many varieties of posturing, impostering, hybridity
and crossings.
After 9/11 batteries of full sprectrum bio-chem sensors
were set up in NYC transporation nodes, pretending to be
about snffing for bombs but actually about varieties of
human emanations. Later transformed and cloaked into
the Microsoft-NYPD Domain Awareness program which
pretended to be about data-gathering and infiltrating
suspected terrorist conclaves, vaunted by resucitated
HUMINT, but about, well, that's not for the inexperienced
emanator to know.

@_date: 2014-06-09 15:54:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police nationwide 
Tinfoil is not sufficent any more due to increased sensitivy of
interceptors. False protection left in place as ploy.
False TEMPEST protection is especially effective, the best
remains classified in a rolling fashion: more leaked to delude
the more unleaked of what works. Inadvertent emanations
are increasingly inadvertent as research in those waves
leaps by giant bounds.
Not news to this crafty gaggle of uncontrollably paranoidic
deceptors braying about faults, patches, new faults, new
paths, rolling thunder to panic herds of panic-herders,
pardon, infiltrated standards setters.
Jim, you may be the only experienced expert here in
betrayal by trustees inside and outside the penal colony,
pardon, West of the Pecos justice rigged-comsec
industry. All hail MIT, industry leader of techno-rigging.
BTW, are you at liberty to reveal the secrets of bio-chemical
TEMPEST? The inadvertent body odor is somewhat more
reliable than facial and corporeal. Rumor of testing on the
bio-chem harvesting in prisons, separation of sexes into
their many varieties of posturing, impostering, hybridity
and crossings.
After 9/11 batteries of full sprectrum bio-chem sensors
were set up in NYC transporation nodes, pretending to be
about snffing for bombs but actually about varieties of
human emanations. Later transformed and cloaked into
the Microsoft-NYPD Domain Awareness program which
pretended to be about data-gathering and infiltrating
suspected terrorist conclaves, vaunted by resucitated
HUMINT, but about, well, that's not for the inexperienced
emanator to know.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-07 12:02:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police nationwide 
Is there reliable evidence that putting mobiles in a fridge is any
better illusory comsec than putting pillows around the door also
comically exhibited to clueless journalists favored by Showman
Snowden? Or at least as tall-taled by comical Glenn.
Or for that matter, Ed's laughable assurance that "encryption works."
Recently touted on cue by the great corporations and NYT today
as a public deluding pretense of privacy and comsec crafted by
exculpability lawyers now as in the past.
1990s crypto disinfo marketing has returned with a gush. Clap
loudly for "Reset the Net" sponsored by the ever duplicitous
corporations uninterruptedly cooperating with the uninterrupted
spies. Clap for the uninterrrupted displeasure of the spies at
the corporations uninterrupted resistance. Clap for the NYT
uniterruptedly reporting this as dramatic news "in response
to the Snowden revelations."
Meanwhile NYT, Guardian, WaPo, Greenwald, Poitras and
a slew of accomplices continue to withhold 97% of the
alleged Snowden wad "to avoid harm to the nation" as well
as to avoid harm to the spy business of all nations.
Non-interruptous coitus of the public abounds by the
comsec industry.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-20 17:15:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Assange 
Virtually nobody is not exploiting Assange for their own purposes.
Kristinn Hrafnsson is among the media monsters, pro and con,
creating and feeding a market for their derivative shallowness of
Assange's fame.
Our latest derivative exploitation over eight years:
To be sure, Assange has derivatively exploited Cypherpunks
since about 1995, naming a book, articles, talks, brags,
after this collective as if his own. That ownership, to be certain,
is a given of this list as it should be everywhere to combat the
thieves and spies of content, branded, marked up and marketed
by way of centralizing media monstrosities.
Combat between cryptoarchists of centralized control and
cryptoanarchists of distributed uncontrol wll go on forever.
Assange's fame and infame are being fought over by
centralizers and decentralzers. Which way he will tip is
his secret of controlling the tusslers as well as what
he whispers to those he is fucking.

@_date: 2014-07-24 14:38:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Tails vulnerability specific to I2P, not Tor 
Ah, the standard CYA natsec and comsec marketing spiel used by nations, spies and contractors, upgades essential, 24x7x365 monitoring recommended but SHINT happens:

@_date: 2014-07-24 02:01:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Increased and Diverse Disclosure Initiatives Needed 
Cryptome has canceled the Kickstarter. Following the purpose of
the kickstarter it urges support for increased and diverse disclosure
A few suggestions:
1. Many more and diverse disclosure initiatives are needed to broaden
public participation, to diversify content and to increase unpaid access.
2. They should be novel and unexpected.
3. They should evolve and avoid being static, preferrably brand-free.
4. These may be online, offline or neither, inventive and variable.
5. They may be short- or long-lived or episodic and erratic.
6. Might be hit and run, for a single disclosure or unpredictable series.
7. Provided by individuals, groups or variable.
8. Funded by individuals, groups or variable.
9. Anonymous, nonymous, pseudononymous or variable.
10. Legal, extra-legal, quasi-legal, pushing against legal or variable.
11. Low-key, low-profile, low-recognition, the opposite or variable.
12. Reputable, disreputable or variable.
13. Risky, dangerous, outrageous, the opposite or variable.
14. Citizens' duty should be to disclose, resist secrecy, official secrecy most so.

@_date: 2014-07-23 14:17:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Tor developers vow to fix bug that can uncloak users 
Terrible instance of official censorship by intimidation of an
educational institution. Another nail in the coffin of TOR, just
about nailed shut. Fortunately better alternatives are in the
works, and more after those. High success and popularity
assures a security system will be compromised and a stake
must be driven into the hearts of promoters, repeatedly as
with vampires.

@_date: 2014-07-18 15:19:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Strong Security Processes Require Strong Privacy Protections, Re: [liberationtech] Foxacid paylo 
On two related threads:
It's a challenge to work counter-spying without access to all of
Snowden's alleged, note alleged -- nobody knows except Ed
how many or where multiply-accumulated and -stashed from
2008-2013 and afterwards -- documents.
But parsing the unknown, imagining and acting on possibilities,
is the purpose counter-spying as well as spying. Failure expected,
narrowing it for modest utility, no lasting triumph. Privacy as
elusive as security.
It could be, has been, argued that open source coding, like the
Internet, is a ploy, or decoy, like comsec standards committees
and spy oversight committees, even, some claim, Tor and PKC,
AV and Blacknet, so forth and so on paraded here for Internet
dog years.
Duplicity, buyer beware and who watches the watchers inherent,
is that not the wee chihuahua way of survival against greater powers of
Fort Huachuca whisperers, GMO vegetables, fracked minerals,
DoD-fabricated asteroids and black hos of nightsweat zombies.
Whistling in the dark, whistleblowing sunshine, coding out of
sight except for sneaky supra-Tempest io-germs gnawing backbone
taps into HUMINT dervishing switch doctors.

@_date: 2014-07-15 20:19:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The ultimate goal of the NSA is total population control 
This is a crucial observation and NSA cannot deny the deniability
of its commanding superiors and budget axe-persons.
One possibility which recurs in NSA history is that individuals
inside will have the courage or opportunity to explain how this
actually works, verging on virgin suicide. Limited as always by
draconian secrecy agreements which imperil disclosers with
retribution of being pilloried as Betrayers of the Trust in NSA
domestication journals.
This looming retribution is what induces hemming and hawing
by former insiders -- interlaced with inhuman clarity of not going
too far, top secrets activate brain-implanted recorders -- who
spill some beans but not all, always followed by an assertion
you can never know what I know, recorder beeps damn tootin.
As with Edward Snowden, Thomas Drake, William Binney,
et al. Nobody beeps like that here.
Bleeping predators who exploit former insiders without sharing
the risk are despicable scoundrels, not motherfucking cowards,
cowering behind privileges of press, law, religion, and, oh my
sweet James Jesus: Judas-duplicitous cryptology, finger-pointng
brayers extraordinaire, verily in thrall to kings-coined, oversexed

@_date: 2014-07-05 00:15:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA targets the privacy-conscious 
Clamoring to get on NSA hit lists for popular support and corresponding
business, researching, teaching, litigating and speaking opportunities is
a frenzy. Once it was a booster being on the FBI hit lists, then CIA,
then KGB, then MI5 and/or MI6, then Mossad, then Savak, then Cheney,
then Bin Laden, then AQ in Yemen, now Glenn Greenwald is swamped
with applicants to be put on list of names of US persons who are
desperate to be surveilled for starring roles in the multiple scripts of
the Snowden blockbusters, with many more digital Che's in the pipeline.
Snowden's mom has not yet, in public, rolled out a campaign for
evelasting fame and profit for her darling like Assange's mother
and various fathers.
Ed's dad has had his team going full blast for a year, in concert with
ACLU, EFF, Plato Cacheris and a gaggle of natsec sharks
and stunt arrangers, the red phones are hot between DC and
Moscow to set up beamings of Snowden for queues of ass-kissers
eager to be photographed with his metadata-rich talking head.
US attorneys in Eastern Virginia, DC, Southern NY and Northern CA
are wagering on who gets Assange, who gets Snowden, who
gets Greenwald, who gets Poitras, Appelbaum and unnamed
co-conspirators along with the dudes at EFF for orchestrating
Ed's seduction, purloining and dashings from Japan to Maryland
to Hawaii to Hong Kong to Moscow.
Other ex-NSA patriots are in heavy demand to beef up the
lightweight Snowden with dark musings on what the young
man had no access to but they did and will never ever tell.
Behind the legal and media shindigs technical agents are working
the outliers, FOI minions, CCC, Pirates, Torrents, Drops, Jabbers,
chats, IP2s, the invisible -- really -- of dark nets to gather intel on
counterspying apparatus and IO errors.
This is Phase 1.

@_date: 2014-07-28 20:30:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Systems Abroad Query 
What is NSA "WB Quad System" for GCHQ, Amberwind (PL), TIGERFIRE (IN), IBIS (AU, JP), GCSB SSO Site (NZ):
This is an NSA travel expenses report. Via Jason Leopold. What is NSA "WB Quad System" for GCHQ, Amberwind (PL),
TIGERFIRE (IN), IBIS (AU, JP), GCSB SSO Site (NZ): This is an NSA travel expenses report. Via Jason Leopold.

@_date: 2014-07-28 20:30:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA Systems Abroad Query 
What is NSA "WB Quad System" for GCHQ, Amberwind (PL), TIGERFIRE (IN), IBIS (AU, JP), GCSB SSO Site (NZ):
This is an NSA travel expenses report. Via Jason Leopold. What is NSA "WB Quad System" for GCHQ, Amberwind (PL),
TIGERFIRE (IN), IBIS (AU, JP), GCSB SSO Site (NZ): This is an NSA travel expenses report. Via Jason Leopold.

@_date: 2014-07-26 11:22:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] hard to trust all those root CAs 
Hardly that simple. Crypto-use prosecutors reveal a range
of grand jury-approved charges to shock and awe the
defendant and attorney, supported by NSLs and affidavits
from crypto correspondents and associates; statements of
relatives and lovers; alleged documented kiddie porn
viewing or stalking; retrieved old accusations of minor
and major crimes; copies of hidden account bank
statements and evidence of tax avoidance; and a battery
of the usual (and legal lies) of investigators. Layout the
years of imprisonment facing the defendant and an offer
of a plea to save the state expense of a trial. Then show
how many previous defendants have succumbed to the
reality of defiance, its impact on family, friends and career.
Then show documents on the sentencing and jailing of
brave defiers.
Unless you have been through this, with much of it kept
secret to protect means and methods of investigation and
prosecution, prepare for an exciting first time on the actual
hot seat, not on TV or online where hypnotic disinfo rules
and seduces the unwary to believe tickling the comsec
tiger's tail is fantasic rep building.
Just in the last few years dozens of comsec-believing
tail ticklers have been given that miserable vacation in jail.
Thanks to the bountiful promo of delusional comsec by really
dedicated civil libertarians who rove free of barbed wire,
daily cleaning of toilets and restricted use of computers.
The upside of comsec lessons learned is to go on the
well-paid speakers jaunts worldwide to peddle dos and donts of
NSA-proof comsec. NSA will subsidize your start-up and vouch
for your credentials, so will prosecutors, wardens, former
friends, angry relatives and those crypto-users you ratted
on for lesser penalty..
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-07-03 16:47:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA targets the privacy-conscious 
It's gratifying to see more detailed technical information about
the Snowden files extracted from the 3% released.
If the 97% is being researched for counterspying technology
under cover of the 3% pubic debate decoy, that would be
consistent with how spies work (as do researchers).
Consider that is what highly trained Snowden has directed in
a masterful chess game heading for checkmating NSA not just
embarassing it by easily technical bypass of court rooms and
technically-limited media.
Outplaying the media is spy course 101. Using media as cover
for secret research is 102. That is what is taught in best of
research labs outplaying spies playing media playing spies.
HOPE has several speakers addressing lively shenanigans of
counterspying July 20-23. Followed by Aspen Security Forum
days later sharing tips on spying the counterspies, naming
Snowen as betrayer 101. That would be consistent of spywork
to demonize one's own to deeper implant and penetrate
most effectively well below the easy to find implants and
Will Snowden win the game he's rigged for whomever?
Will EFF ACLU NSA be winners or losers or revealed
by Snowden as one and same? NGOs are as government
privileged as the media. Not to overlook TOR.

@_date: 2014-07-17 17:37:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: <nettime> A message from the police: IF YOU SUSPECT IT, REPORT IT 
We all work for government unless tax avoiders. Latest guesstimate
is 33-45% of pay goes to governments at all levels and those subsidized
by governments. Some argue we will all become full-time government
workers happily having DoD do what's necessary to bring in 100%
revenue by piracy.
Reason: citizen tax squeeze is rising as wealthy and corporations shed
tax burden by NGOs, off-shore evasion, moving HQs overseas, hiring,
manufacturing and financing overseas, massaging taxation laws, bribing
revenuers and office holders, increasing crackdown on citizen tax
deductions, hiring more private police to intimidate those asking for
better pay, offloading environmental crimes to taxpayers, buying
legislators to enact favors for high-profit, high-income beneficiaries,
controlling and ffixing elections to pack offices with sleazes who
work for them before, during and after holding office.
That's the short list. Look at your tax due instructions for the long
one. Or if youngster, your student debt draconian provisions.
Dream of being on the dole by holding political office, or NGO,
from which you can escape the long list and shift it to citizens
wondering if the increasing shit shower ever stopping.

@_date: 2014-07-18 11:46:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Foxacid payload 
Some, maybe all, of those sitting on Snowden docs would/are selling to
the highest bidder for other clandestine hacks. The fundamental purpose
of security is to do that lulling, gulling and smiling at the ease with which
trust can be exploited when a manufactured crisis drives the fearful into
gaping maws of protection.
The especially private kind, the higher the secrecy the higher the price,
is most effective. Fake highest classification markings obligatory.
The frenzy to exploit Snowden revelations, tiny as they are, has saved
the security industry -- mil-com-spy-edu-org-hackers -- from post-2-war
BTW, what are the odds all parties to the Snowden boondoggle are
placing on hot war cyberwar to surpass the cool stinking-poo of AV
and security vendors planting malware to foster upticks of market?
No nonsense Omidyar has bet $200 million on peddling security
products generated by his $50 million investment in insecurity
scare news via Snowden cornicopia of NSA scare programs, which
in turn have received huge boosts of counter-Snowden actions
by the usual suspects of mil-com-spy-edu-org-hackers.
Nothing like it since 9/11. Thank you, Edward Snowden, thank
you media, for prolonging godsent cyber fear and salvation.
Dust off cyber Pearl Harbor posters for Defcon, HOPE, Blackhat,
this very sordid squat.

@_date: 2014-08-11 20:52:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A post-spy world 
"We are moving toward a post-spy world, according to the guy that runs the CIA's venture capital arm."
"We are moving toward a post-spy world, according to the guy that
runs the CIAs venture capital arm."

@_date: 2014-08-11 20:52:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] A post-spy world 
"We are moving toward a post-spy world, according to the guy that runs the CIA's venture capital arm."
"We are moving toward a post-spy world, according to the guy that
runs the CIAs venture capital arm."

@_date: 2014-08-11 20:52:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A post-spy world 
"We are moving toward a post-spy world, according to the guy that runs the CIA's venture capital arm."
"We are moving toward a post-spy world, according to the guy that
runs the CIAs venture capital arm."

@_date: 2014-09-03 13:46:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "Godfather of Anonymity" David Chaum on BBC 
"Horizon: The defenders of anonymity on the internet"

@_date: 2014-09-03 13:46:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] "Godfather of Anonymity" David Chaum on BBC 
"Horizon: The defenders of anonymity on the internet"
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-09-02 11:35:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "Fake" Comsec Found Everywhere 
Anxiety and fears about loss of privacy through surreptitious
and ubiquitous technology, with concomintant rise of advocates
of defenses, parallels the age-old scam of the devil inside
humans attacking faith in god(s) requiring constant remediation
by religion, in particular by buying into costly, elaborate edifices,
ceremonies, couture, sermons, damnations, excommunications,
informants, behavior police, burning of witches, celebrations
of saints. Remind of the crypto wars still raging?
Comsec might be seen as a cult of fetishistic technology,
crypto its sacred text of salvation and protection from
demons forever being publicized by the preachers of
how to hide your sins from the sin spies, the main sin
being apostasy about national security armed to the max
with weapons of mass punishment of disbelievers of
of one's own faith against that of competitors, especially
competitiors setting up subversive storefronts of alternative
Worse of all, the crypto-rebels writing their own code of
sin and salvation, defying authorities, seducing youngsters,
leaking secrets of the official corruption, mocking official
old gods in favor or new ones home-brewed on the
electronic frontier.
Snake oil is as old as snakes whispering to naked apes
once happy copulating without devils or gods hurling
sand into the amply lubricated in and out to make new
copulants free of imaginary fears and anxieties that
pleasure is bad, don't seek it without permission,
don't do it unless paid in advance, don't dream of
it or the devil wins, don't self-satisfy or narcissism
destroys. Right here are some helpful aids to control
your urges by allowing experts to tell you what's right
and wrong. You will need this protection inside
and outside, everywhere, all the time. Let us
pray. Your wallet please.

@_date: 2014-10-03 20:31:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA releases two documents on decrypting CIA KRYPTOS sculpture 
NSA releases two documents on decrypting CIA KRYPTOS sculpture,
formerly classified FVEY//20320108
The CIA Kryptos Sculpture Slides
The CIA Kryptos Sculpture: A summary of Previous Work and New Revelations

@_date: 2014-10-02 11:37:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Retired NSA Technical Director Explains Snowden Docs 
Retired NSA Technical Director Explains Snowden Docs
Best account yet of the Snowden releases by a technically
capable person. Eventually, perhaps, the other 96% will receive
similar public disclosure to fully inform beyond opportunistic
Retired NSA Technical Director Explains Snowden Docs
Best account yet of the Snowden releases by a technically
capable person. Eventually, perhaps, the other 96% will receive similar public disclosure to fully inform beyond opportunistic

@_date: 2014-10-02 11:37:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Retired NSA Technical Director Explains Snowden Docs 
Retired NSA Technical Director Explains Snowden Docs
Best account yet of the Snowden releases by a technically
capable person. Eventually, perhaps, the other 96% will receive
similar public disclosure to fully inform beyond opportunistic
Retired NSA Technical Director Explains Snowden Docs
Best account yet of the Snowden releases by a technically
capable person. Eventually, perhaps, the other 96% will receive similar public disclosure to fully inform beyond opportunistic

@_date: 2014-10-08 11:59:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: State Hash 
Special note to law-enforcement agents: The word "state" is
a technical term in cryptography. Typical hash-based signature
schemes need to record information, called "state", after every
signature. Google's Adam Langley refers to this as a "huge
foot-cannon" from a security perspective. By saying "eliminate
the state" we are advocating a security improvement, namely
adopting signature schemes that do not need to record information
after every signature. We are not talking about eliminating other
types of states. We love most states, especially yours! Also,
"hash" is another technical term and has nothing to do with cannabis.

@_date: 2014-10-08 11:59:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] State Hash 
Special note to law-enforcement agents: The word "state" is
a technical term in cryptography. Typical hash-based signature
schemes need to record information, called "state", after every
signature. Google's Adam Langley refers to this as a "huge
foot-cannon" from a security perspective. By saying "eliminate
the state" we are advocating a security improvement, namely
adopting signature schemes that do not need to record information
after every signature. We are not talking about eliminating other
types of states. We love most states, especially yours! Also,
"hash" is another technical term and has nothing to do with cannabis. cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-10-16 14:34:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Corporate undercover nation-state agents 
While this may be an insult to cypherpunks cryptoanarchical origins
it could be saluatory to occasionally set aside state perfidy to look
more closely at the private sector which reaps most rewards from
state obsequiousness toward industry, politicians and their backers
of wealth and the "non-profit" organizational tools of the wealthy, from
mendacious very smark and crafty individuals, particularly in comsec
and infosec and above all else, natsec and anti-natsec, out to work
all sides by getting in bed with all of them, serially and simultaneously.
Private sector spit swappers are as ubiquitous and deceptive as
privacy policies, anonymizers, backdoor coders, covert device
implanters and highly reputable hustlers of public interest, the
skilled and avid publicity seekers avowing protection of the populace
against exploitive gov-com-edu-org-religion hoodlums.
Under cover, over cover, these wily coyotes switch allegiances
like hipster clothing and manufacture bar-pickup promises: take back
the net, https everwhere, fight the spies, lengthy-key encryption and
shyster key sharing, anon-routers and deep black statelessness,
black white and gray products boundlessly offered free to siphon user
data then paid for dearly by black market buyers, then blame the foreign
hackers cover-up aided by AV predators press releasing APT
proofs of countermeasures marketability right here.
What with the profileration of trade schools for coding mastery
in a few weeks, there is quick money to pound the rat button for
more hack, privacy and comsec attacks, more calls for intervention
by everybody everywhere to Ebolaize cyber plagues beyond control.
Against profitably orchestrated terrorism and disease panic attacks
Cypherpunks said it then, avow it now:
"Cypherpunks write code. We know that someone has to write
software to defend privacy, and since we can't get privacy unless
we all do, we're going to write it. We publish our code so that our
fellow Cypherpunks may practice and play with it. Our code is free
for all to use, worldwide. We don't much care if you don't approve
of the software we write. We know that software can't be destroyed
and that a widely dispersed system can't be shut down.
Cypherpunks deplore regulations on cryptography, for encryption
is fundamentally a private act. The act of encryption, in fact, removes
information from the public realm. Even laws against cryptography
reach only so far as a nation's border and the arm of its violence.
Cryptography will ineluctably spread over the whole globe, and with
it the anonymous transactions systems that it makes possible.
For privacy to be widespread it must be part of a social contract.
People must come and together deploy these systems for the
common good. Privacy only extends so far as the cooperation of
one's fellows in society. We the Cypherpunks seek your questions
and your concerns and hope we may engage you so that we do
not deceive ourselves. We will not, however, be moved out of
our course because some may disagree with our goals.
The Cypherpunks are actively engaged in making the networks
safer for privacy. Let us proceed together apace.
Eric Hughes 9 March 1993"
While this may be an insult to cypherpunks cryptoanarchical origins
it could be saluatory to occasionally set aside state perfidy to
more closely at the private sector which reaps most rewards from
state obsequiousness toward industry, politicians and their backers
of wealth and the "non-profit" organizational tools of the
wealthy, from
mendacious very smark and crafty individuals, particularly in comsec
and infosec and above all else, natsec and anti-natsec, out to work all sides by getting in bed with all of them, serially and
Private sector spit swappers are as ubiquitous and deceptive as
privacy policies, anonymizers, backdoor coders, covert device
implanters and highly reputable hustlers of public interest, the
skilled and avid publicity seekers avowing protection of the
against exploitive gov-com-edu-org-religion hoodlums.
Under cover, over cover, these wily coyotes switch allegiances
like hipster clothing and manufacture bar-pickup promises: take back
the net, https everwhere, fight the spies, lengthy-key encryption and
shyster key sharing, anon-routers and deep black statelessness, black white and gray products boundlessly offered free to siphon user
data then paid for dearly by black market buyers, then blame the
hackers cover-up aided by AV predators press releasing APT
proofs of countermeasures marketability right here.
What with the profileration of trade schools for coding mastery
in a few weeks, there is quick money to pound the rat button for
more hack, privacy and comsec attacks, more calls for intervention by everybody everywhere to Ebolaize cyber plagues beyond
Against profitably orchestrated terrorism and disease panic attacks Cypherpunks said it then, avow it now:
"Cypherpunks write code. We know that someone has to write software to defend privacy, and since we can't get privacy unless we all do, we're going to write it. We publish our code so that our fellow Cypherpunks may practice and play with it. Our code is free for all to use, worldwide. We don't much care if you don't approve of the software we write. We know that software can't be destroyed and that a widely dispersed system can't be shut down.
Cypherpunks deplore regulations on cryptography, for encryption is fundamentally a private act. The act of encryption, in fact, removes
information from the public realm. Even laws against cryptography reach only so far as a nation's border and the arm of its violence. Cryptography will ineluctably spread over the whole globe, and with it the anonymous transactions systems that it makes possible. For privacy to be widespread it must be part of a social contract. People must come and together deploy these systems for the common good. Privacy only extends so far as the cooperation of one's fellows in society. We the Cypherpunks seek your questions and your concerns and hope we may engage you so that we do not deceive ourselves. We will not, however, be moved out of our course because some may disagree with our goals. The Cypherpunks are actively engaged in making the networks safer for privacy. Let us proceed together apace. Onward. Eric Hughes
<hughes 9 March 1993"

@_date: 2014-10-25 23:37:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: CITIZENFOUR 
Not likely you will see the list if it exists. Magical lists are as
venerable as religion, as new as Snowden's teams' hyperbole, as
duplictious as Joe McCarthy's, as puerile as IRS's -- the USA's
premier social media spy agency to which we annually confess and
conceal our paltry lies with tax-advisories which covertly supply our
cheating metadata right into the IRS's and treaty members' big data
global catchall far more capacious than Utah Data Center, feared
as much by individual spies as other panopticked extortion
victims. This sidebar to remind NSA secrecy is hardly the great
threat to "personally identifiable information" (PII).
There is a practice of government agencies and some others
to not publish (PII) of individuals. So email addresses, homes,
phone and SSNs are usually redacted. Except when used
to coerce obedience, inform on targets, shame in public.
The Washington Post said it searched 200,000 pages of
Snowden material in search of a bit of data which it reported.
Why brag of the number? That's hyperbole. This number of
pages seems to be far more than the 59,000 or so files asserted
by The Guardian, but that is unclear due the lack of number of
pages in the 59,000 "files" or "documents." We have tallied a
few under 3,000 pages released by the various Snowden outlets.
Promis is a controversial program and is slathered with myths
and disinfo, as camouflage and propaganda for and against
its use and capabilities, as customary for villainous operations.
There is a continuing lucrative industry to chill democratic
transparency with layers of braggadacio, denial, lying and
pretense of threat and counterthreat. Uncertainty about who
is spying on you is the purpose, and to stigmatize you if you
inquire too persistently. Out comes the bellows of "conspiracy
theory," "tin-hats," paranoids, weirdos and such.
Public deception is a perdurable feature of spying and power
concentration. Shallow layers of expose, fed to media with
the understanding it will flatter itself by behaving "responsibly"
in order to assure future feedings, is part of that. That is
part of the Snowden methodology and is a highly favored
journalistic practice to melodramatically claim to know more
than can be revealed while exaggerating the courage to reveal
what it does while protecting the public interest (thus emulating
government and other authoritarian practice).
Reviews of Citizenfour are cautious, not sure what to make
of the careful editing and omissions. They sense, and say
so, there is much still missing. Poitras is saying just that:
this is "not the full story" by "any stretch of the imagination."
This is a Hollywood technique likely imposed on her by
the film's backers. Which will economically segue nicely
into the Oliver Stone's and whatitsname's makeover
in the works.
You can get your appeal to First Look and/or Greenwald by
linking to their Twitter accounts your message in the cpunks
archive. We use that SM hyperbole occasionally and they
use it voluminously.

@_date: 2014-10-25 00:22:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: CITIZENFOUR 
This John Young corrects a data point: 97% of some 59,000
Snowden documents have not been released or even less
percentage if the DoD count of 1.7 million is used. This confirms
that those documents which have been released are misleading
by omission, so cherry-picked and dramatized that understanding
of them is most likely false, biased, distorted, more like narrative
fiction (spy stories, breaking news) than credible evidence. It
certainly confirms that media-legal fiction is the intention of the
distributors, publicity and legal teams rather than allow full
access for widely-based, for ordinary and specialized readers
to assay the collection through a free public access methodology.
(Greenwald's book states that at one point he and Poitras
considered setting up a public web for that purpose, maybe
apochryphal to gloss the slow drip method adopted.)
Perhaps the full access will come about after sacred cow
of profitability and celebrity has been milked, or it may be
that full access has been granted in confidence to skilled
readers in the black arts of comsec, infosec and natsec.
To date, there has been slim pickings of technologically
useful material short-shrifted in favor of lurid civil liberties
scandals which the spies can easily massage into messages
of of course we do that. Except for a tranche of techno
material covered by Jacob Appelbaum at 30C3, nearly
all the rest is simple-minded promotional material with
dollops of legal shenanigans of the sort Greenwald and
journalists can handle comfortably.
A few days ago Bruce Schneier blogged that he had
been cut off from access to the Snowden material
and Matthew Green said he had been shown only a
few documents for comment. WaPo has had a techie
advising Barton Gellman. That's pretty much it for
coverage of technical material needed to devise
countermeasures, that is, virtually none at all.
Hoopla has prevailed in news coverage and books, mostly
of it valorizing journalists and even Snowden in stock journalist
source noble cariacture, and it looks as though Poitras
and Hollywood will continue the practice. What an
ethical shame, what criminality of monetization ($250M and
rising) placed above public protection. Snowden is being
degraded as a poster child for this venality and ambition.
Trapped in a bubble of media, legal and diplomatic fanfare.
A fate suffered by Assange, Manning and a slew of others
some paraded from forum to forum as entourage for the
Snowden-streaming video circus acts like that hosted
by The New Yorker at the NY Film Festival and now
Poitras melodramatic confabulation positioning Greenwald
as Machiavelli to the Prince Edward of Snowden.

@_date: 2014-10-26 12:26:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: GamerGate 
I had not followed GamerGate until today's New York Times
article about it. Nor followed games, so the controversy is
new to me. But not the issues involved, which are prevalent
online and off. Particularly in testosterone-rich enterprises like
military, spies, armaments, sports, weapons, ideology,
religion, education, society, civilization, humanity, existence
itself. In all of these, the stronger violently dominate the
weaker and do so with the psychotic belief that this is
the way it should be, natural.
In war and peace, in human exploitation of animal and earthly
domains, in climate degradation, in force-feeding "democracy,"
in cruel treatment of women's bodies and neglect of children,
in just about every aspect of torturous "advancements in
civilized peoples" in the course of inventing and applying
ever greater and more vicious ways to kill, maim, starve
and over-populate earthlings by male rape in all guises
of wargames.
Games are a reflection of the this much greater conceit
of male dominance in all institutions, all of them, even those
which spout diversity and affirmative action and grant minimal
access to privileged male sanctuaries -- no matter the skin
color, ethnicity, faith, location on earth.
It is argued that male aggression inherent and can at best
be somewhat controlled by law and social compact. That is
a comfortable apologia by male supremacists in law and
social compacts dominated by them with intellectual and
economic arrogance. All institutions measure accomplishment
by male-derived standards to tip the balance in favor of those
rigged games.
GameGate is too limited in scope, so much that it should
be seen as a male-dominated diversion, a game, to avoid
addressing the origin and sustaining influence of male
way of thinking, doing, making, competing, surviving, by
lying, cheating, killing, ruling in all aspects of existence,
simulated in games, trained for in games, monetized by
games designers and producers, applauded and lauded
in halls of power and control, in prizes and awards, in
cemetaries and statues, in art and science, in accumulation
concentration and monopolization of wealth.
No game this larger world, this wargame of "ballsy"
potentates in military, policy, spying, media, sports,
taxation, playing obsessively the "law of men enforced
by lawmen."

@_date: 2014-11-30 21:07:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encryption Experts and Snake Oilers Quacking Like Governments 
Capitalizing on the comsec frenzy, several sites, probably many,
are offering to encrypt for those who do not want install programs
or find them too difficult to use. All appear to promise that no
records, private and public keys, email addresses or content
will be kept. Trust them.
For example, here's one used to send encrypted messages:
This approach suggests that the renewed crypto wars have again
bred a new round of opportunities to beguile those who yearn for
comsec but do not know how to get it, nor how to evaluate the
offerings, in particular those provided by US producers which they
doubt are free of government manipulation. But they also doubt that
any cryptosystem is free of that, thanks to the NSA revelations of
global cooperation among nations to do what NSA does, and the
failure of crypto experts and firms to fully disclose their aid to
governments, before and after Snowden's revelations.
So the downside of Snowden's revelations is that there is considerable
suspicion that all crypto is compromised, and, worse, that snake oil
is not really different from the good stuff for the ordinary user who lacks
the technical skills to distinguish them. And that comsec experts are
in league with authorities to dupe the public by excessive warning
of snake oil to peddle their own offerings, that is, experts and
snake oilers are doing what governments do.
Trust Snowden, trust experts, trust governments, but distrust
snake oil. Wait, users say, how can we tell the difference when
they all quack like ducks.

@_date: 2014-11-16 16:22:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Call for publication of all Snowden papers gets louder 
Call for publication of all Snowden papers gets louder
The Amsterdam Media Professor Geert Lovink left no doubt that in his opinion the medium term, the entire treasure of the NSA Whistleblowers must be made and archived publicly. Such an approach has a very different range than the global 24-hour news machine. "Journalists want to make headlines and politics", was the founder of the Institute of Network Cultures . But it was important to think long-term.
The Snowden-papers offer unique insight into a loud Lovink "information-military complex in the making": They showed roughly, "who are the actors and what technologies they use." In addition, they made different impact of monitoring on individual countries or regions significantly and who personally was affected as a group or society. Taken together, this was "for all investigative journalists around the world for decades interesting".
Ruf nach Verffentlichung der Snowden-Papiere wird lauter
Der Amsterdamer Medienprofessor Geert Lovink lie keinen Zweifel daran, dass seiner Meinung nach mittelfristig der gesamte Schatz des NSA-Whistleblowers ffentlich gemacht und archiviert werden msse. Eine solche Herangehensweise habe eine ganz andere Reichweite als die globale 24-Stunden-Nachrichtenmaschinerie. "Journalisten wollen Schlagzeilen und Politik machen", befand der Grnder des Institute of Network Cultures. Es gelte aber, langfristiger zu denken.
Die Snowden-Papiere bieten laut Lovink einzigartige Einsicht in einen "informations-militrischen Komplex im Werden": Sie zeigten etwa auf, "wer die Akteure sind und welche Technologien sie nutzen". Darber hinaus machten sie unterschiedliche Auswirkungen der berwachung auf einzelne Lnder oder Regionen deutlich und wer persnlich, als Gruppe oder Gesellschaft betroffen sei. Zusammengenommen sei dies "fr alle investigativen Journalisten weltweit ber Jahrzehnte hinweg interessant".

@_date: 2014-11-08 19:41:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: [Cryptography] $750k Fine for exporting crypto 
The global internal rot of digital technology dependence appears doing
quite well by inducing ever greater investment and reliance upon
it. Will over-reliance upon secret cryptography be its Achilles heel?
Let us hope so.
Conumdrum is that wholesale monitoring is the result of ubiquitous
digital technology, networks and programs thickly hidden by secret
cryptography, thinly protected, if at all, by never quite effective public
cryptography, ineffective by law by design, by implementation and
by endless excuses to do better next time.
The correlation between the rise of the Internet to advance global
surveillance and public cryptography to persuade the populace there
is hope the surveillance can be countered, is occasionally noted
but not by cryptography fetishists who promote the notion it is possible
to have a global platform of diverse levels for multiple open and
secret uses but still protect at least a few of the levels with encryption.
This despite the legacy of cryptography as a deceptive technology
through and through and foremost, in particular by misleading about
its strengths and weaknesses, its treachery and double-dealing, its
cheating and betraying, its false promises and "confessed" failures.
No doubt all forms of security share these characteristics, eventual
failure is the fundamental outcome of a security system subject to
ceaseless attack. Every fortress fails, every weapon is surpassed,
every peace treaty is transgressed, every ideology collapses, every
nation is overturned; in all cases by excessive conviction that failure
will not happen, and when it does, it occurs by the least expected
means. After a few attempts to repair the majestic defense and
prolong a regime, it finally implodes most often due to internal
rot of those unable to give up comfortable convictions that munitions
are invulnerable, that supreme command and control is protected
against tampering, that oaths and rewards of fealty to the homeland
are insurpassable. Except for the planted cheats of anonymizers
and encryption.

@_date: 2014-11-04 12:15:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Privacy has always been a fight against rulers and funders 
Verifying US-UK concordance, with FBI head, Director of NSA said
much the same as GCHQ to the US Chamber of Commerce on
October 28, 2014:
These heads of spy and LE agencies are proposing that companies
and citizens continue to serve and become spies, agents, informers,
coverts in mirroring their enemies of their security states. And not only
are asking for patriotic volunteers by sticks of fear and aiding
the enemy but contracting for services by carrots of privileged
briefings, access, profits and tax write-offs. No wonder oligarchs
are increasing and are rushing to aid and abet spies in all
Will First Look's Racket magazine come to life to join
The Intercept, so buzzworthily named to fit what they
do: front for First Look Media's invention and distribution
of comsec products which if true to the ancients' practice
will spy on the populace with everylasting panoptic look.
This is hardly new, indeed is as old as governments and their
precursor "lawful" rulers of the populace which cannot be
trusted with anarchic self-rule, much less armed with treasonous
cryptoanarchy for absolute right to privacy from rulers.
Even this list of rogues was founded and struggles to survive on
its impossible mission to resist this ancient history and current
fervor of duplicity and dual-use of the ever growing family of
securities -- personal, home, clan, region, nation, global,
religion, ideology -- deployed to simultaneously attack and
protect the populace by declaring who is insider and who
is outsider, take your pick, save your life. Us or them. Divide
and conquer. Praise and smear. Lop heads and drone. Imprison
and exile.
Significantly for this clan, comsec remains an essential tool
for attacking and protecting. It annoys the masters of comsec
no end for rogues to mess with their command and control
communications and ubiquitous civic spying operations.
It requires recruitment of comsec rogues to mess with rogues,
as amply demonstrated here and other security fora where
coders and hackers are prime candidates for quietly switching
sides, remaining in place, covertly informing, sabotaging,
implanting, faulting, I/O erroring, pretending opposition to the
state, stashing their fees, teaching cryptology, advising NGOs,
counseling dissidents, whistling Dixie for media and audiences,
advocating openness, disclosing shallow vulns to hide
the deeper.
This list goes on, as evidenced here and on the gobs of
freedom of information outlets which have spread as widely
as the Internet, black net, deep net, chats, OTRs, Tor, and
now cellphone webs and swarms of earnest instigators
indistinguishable from TLAs taking 100% and giving back
at best 50%, with bountiful support from freedom-loving
oligarchs, soliciting volunteers, paying overseers of
volunteers, accruing profits by shifting taxation to the
populace for their protection and spying on it to assure
system security, oiled with bounties, bonuses and
Sabu-grade walk-frees awards for whistleblowing on the
whistleblowing, and not least, enduring legal fees for ACLU-
grade justice tipped against oppostion to civil liberties
racketeering aided and abetted by backdoored comsec
also known as rule of law.

@_date: 2014-11-04 22:18:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wind River Security Features and Cryptography Libraries 
Wind River Security Features and Cryptography Libraries (which appear to be the
basis of the $750,000 fine by BIS)

@_date: 2014-11-04 22:18:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Wind River Security Features and Cryptography Libraries 
Wind River Security Features and Cryptography Libraries (which appear to be the
basis of the $750,000 fine by BIS)
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-08 19:41:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] [cryptome] Re: [Cryptography] $750k Fine for exporting crypto 
The global internal rot of digital technology dependence appears doing
quite well by inducing ever greater investment and reliance upon
it. Will over-reliance upon secret cryptography be its Achilles heel?
Let us hope so.
Conumdrum is that wholesale monitoring is the result of ubiquitous
digital technology, networks and programs thickly hidden by secret
cryptography, thinly protected, if at all, by never quite effective public
cryptography, ineffective by law by design, by implementation and
by endless excuses to do better next time.
The correlation between the rise of the Internet to advance global
surveillance and public cryptography to persuade the populace there
is hope the surveillance can be countered, is occasionally noted
but not by cryptography fetishists who promote the notion it is possible
to have a global platform of diverse levels for multiple open and
secret uses but still protect at least a few of the levels with encryption.
This despite the legacy of cryptography as a deceptive technology
through and through and foremost, in particular by misleading about
its strengths and weaknesses, its treachery and double-dealing, its
cheating and betraying, its false promises and "confessed" failures.
No doubt all forms of security share these characteristics, eventual
failure is the fundamental outcome of a security system subject to
ceaseless attack. Every fortress fails, every weapon is surpassed,
every peace treaty is transgressed, every ideology collapses, every
nation is overturned; in all cases by excessive conviction that failure
will not happen, and when it does, it occurs by the least expected
means. After a few attempts to repair the majestic defense and
prolong a regime, it finally implodes most often due to internal
rot of those unable to give up comfortable convictions that munitions
are invulnerable, that supreme command and control is protected
against tampering, that oaths and rewards of fealty to the homeland
are insurpassable. Except for the planted cheats of anonymizers
and encryption.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-08 19:41:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] $750k Fine for exporting crypto 
The global internal rot of digital technology dependence appears doing
quite well by inducing ever greater investment and reliance upon
it. Will over-reliance upon secret cryptography be its Achilles heel?
Let us hope so.
Conumdrum is that wholesale monitoring is the result of ubiquitous
digital technology, networks and programs thickly hidden by secret
cryptography, thinly protected, if at all, by never quite effective public
cryptography, ineffective by law by design, by implementation and
by endless excuses to do better next time.
The correlation between the rise of the Internet to advance global
surveillance and public cryptography to persuade the populace there
is hope the surveillance can be countered, is occasionally noted
but not by cryptography fetishists who promote the notion it is possible
to have a global platform of diverse levels for multiple open and
secret uses but still protect at least a few of the levels with encryption.
This despite the legacy of cryptography as a deceptive technology
through and through and foremost, in particular by misleading about
its strengths and weaknesses, its treachery and double-dealing, its
cheating and betraying, its false promises and "confessed" failures.
No doubt all forms of security share these characteristics, eventual
failure is the fundamental outcome of a security system subject to
ceaseless attack. Every fortress fails, every weapon is surpassed,
every peace treaty is transgressed, every ideology collapses, every
nation is overturned; in all cases by excessive conviction that failure
will not happen, and when it does, it occurs by the least expected
means. After a few attempts to repair the majestic defense and
prolong a regime, it finally implodes most often due to internal
rot of those unable to give up comfortable convictions that munitions
are invulnerable, that supreme command and control is protected
against tampering, that oaths and rewards of fealty to the homeland
are insurpassable. Except for the planted cheats of anonymizers
and encryption.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-08 19:41:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] $750k Fine for exporting crypto 
The global internal rot of digital technology dependence appears doing
quite well by inducing ever greater investment and reliance upon
it. Will over-reliance upon secret cryptography be its Achilles heel?
Let us hope so.
Conumdrum is that wholesale monitoring is the result of ubiquitous
digital technology, networks and programs thickly hidden by secret
cryptography, thinly protected, if at all, by never quite effective public
cryptography, ineffective by law by design, by implementation and
by endless excuses to do better next time.
The correlation between the rise of the Internet to advance global
surveillance and public cryptography to persuade the populace there
is hope the surveillance can be countered, is occasionally noted
but not by cryptography fetishists who promote the notion it is possible
to have a global platform of diverse levels for multiple open and
secret uses but still protect at least a few of the levels with encryption.
This despite the legacy of cryptography as a deceptive technology
through and through and foremost, in particular by misleading about
its strengths and weaknesses, its treachery and double-dealing, its
cheating and betraying, its false promises and "confessed" failures.
No doubt all forms of security share these characteristics, eventual
failure is the fundamental outcome of a security system subject to
ceaseless attack. Every fortress fails, every weapon is surpassed,
every peace treaty is transgressed, every ideology collapses, every
nation is overturned; in all cases by excessive conviction that failure
will not happen, and when it does, it occurs by the least expected
means. After a few attempts to repair the majestic defense and
prolong a regime, it finally implodes most often due to internal
rot of those unable to give up comfortable convictions that munitions
are invulnerable, that supreme command and control is protected
against tampering, that oaths and rewards of fealty to the homeland
are insurpassable. Except for the planted cheats of anonymizers
and encryption.

@_date: 2014-11-08 19:41:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] $750k Fine for exporting crypto 
The global internal rot of digital technology dependence appears doing
quite well by inducing ever greater investment and reliance upon
it. Will over-reliance upon secret cryptography be its Achilles heel?
Let us hope so.
Conumdrum is that wholesale monitoring is the result of ubiquitous
digital technology, networks and programs thickly hidden by secret
cryptography, thinly protected, if at all, by never quite effective public
cryptography, ineffective by law by design, by implementation and
by endless excuses to do better next time.
The correlation between the rise of the Internet to advance global
surveillance and public cryptography to persuade the populace there
is hope the surveillance can be countered, is occasionally noted
but not by cryptography fetishists who promote the notion it is possible
to have a global platform of diverse levels for multiple open and
secret uses but still protect at least a few of the levels with encryption.
This despite the legacy of cryptography as a deceptive technology
through and through and foremost, in particular by misleading about
its strengths and weaknesses, its treachery and double-dealing, its
cheating and betraying, its false promises and "confessed" failures.
No doubt all forms of security share these characteristics, eventual
failure is the fundamental outcome of a security system subject to
ceaseless attack. Every fortress fails, every weapon is surpassed,
every peace treaty is transgressed, every ideology collapses, every
nation is overturned; in all cases by excessive conviction that failure
will not happen, and when it does, it occurs by the least expected
means. After a few attempts to repair the majestic defense and
prolong a regime, it finally implodes most often due to internal
rot of those unable to give up comfortable convictions that munitions
are invulnerable, that supreme command and control is protected
against tampering, that oaths and rewards of fealty to the homeland
are insurpassable. Except for the planted cheats of anonymizers
and encryption.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-28 13:25:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What Is Good Encryption Software? 
Reader asks: What Is Good Encryption Software?
I have contacted you asking about certain security questions.
After reading a few of the Snowden leaked documents, I have
started to be more aware of my privacy being at risk. I have a
few questions concerning certain programs and safety tips.
First, I've recently started to doubt about my encryption software.
Is Symantec's "PGP Endpoint" a good hard drive encryption software?
In other words, is it trustworthy since it is an American company.
And if not, what encryption software is the best for Mac.
Second, is "ProtonMail" as secure as they say it is? If not, what
email provider doesen't let the NSA see into my account.
Third, is Jetico inc's "Bestcrypt Container Encryption" trustworthy?
If not, what could be an alternative.
Fourth, are these encryption types good? Blowfish, Gost & AES - 256bit.
And which encryption type remains the best above all?
Last, is Kaspersky a good anti-virus software? If not, which one is the
best for Mac.
Important, difficult questions, likely to produce a range of answers.
We will publish for answers.

@_date: 2014-11-28 13:25:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] What Is Good Encryption Software? 
Reader asks: What Is Good Encryption Software?
I have contacted you asking about certain security questions.
After reading a few of the Snowden leaked documents, I have
started to be more aware of my privacy being at risk. I have a
few questions concerning certain programs and safety tips.
First, I've recently started to doubt about my encryption software.
Is Symantec's "PGP Endpoint" a good hard drive encryption software?
In other words, is it trustworthy since it is an American company.
And if not, what encryption software is the best for Mac.
Second, is "ProtonMail" as secure as they say it is? If not, what
email provider doesen't let the NSA see into my account.
Third, is Jetico inc's "Bestcrypt Container Encryption" trustworthy?
If not, what could be an alternative.
Fourth, are these encryption types good? Blowfish, Gost & AES - 256bit.
And which encryption type remains the best above all?
Last, is Kaspersky a good anti-virus software? If not, which one is the
best for Mac.
Important, difficult questions, likely to produce a range of answers.
We will publish for answers.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-03 14:05:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto War Redux 
USG enforcing crypto export controls:
"Intel Subsidiary Agrees to $750,000 Penalty for Unauthorized Encryption
Exports" (Oct 8)
A story to go with that:
"Software Companies Now on Notice That Encryption Exports May Be Treated
More Seriously: $750,000 Fine Against Intel Subsidiary" (Oct 15)
My source:
(posted by "platypusmusic", who often has very good posts on Reddit,
especially in the /r/snowden:  )
Contraband crypto welcomed: cryptome

@_date: 2014-11-14 20:59:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Doing HTTPS everywhere in the .gov space 
Dot gov subscribers have been around since the beginning.
Some wear dual hats, some switch back and forth. Some use
nyms, some use personal mail, some are open, some are
hidden. This is how crypto has always worked, no other way
to do it. Cannot be one-sided, cannot be perfect, snake oil
as common as trustworthy, deception essential, honesty
a sure sign of dishonesty. RTFM, RTF archives, filled with
tips about using mail lists for FUD. Without FUD no need
for crypto. Gov FUD is oxymoronic which is why crypto
is basic to any regime.
70 people is about what the USG needs for comsec. 10 capable
ones, 60 to pad the payroll and please Congressional earmarkers.
75,000 is shale-fracked snakeoil. Ft Meade better used for
a Swedish massage spa.

@_date: 2014-12-13 12:14:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: tor : just keep lying 
To counter accusations, say black is charcoal, then charcoal
is gray, then gray is silver, then silver is gold, then gold is
platinum, then platinum is diamond. Conclusion: black diamonds
are family jewels which must be protected to sustain royals who
are enriched by them. Opposition to this holy verity is evil incarnate.
Believers in insider riggings will definitely slaughter opponents and
call it crusading patriotism, more vulgarly, national security, or more
down to earth for this list, freedom of our information not yours. We
can hide our precious stones to assure their inflated value but you
cannot hide your worthless junk opinions. Our WMD W3 sysadmins
can whip your futile insurgencies of of Tor hide and seek.

@_date: 2014-12-13 02:01:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Keith Alexander's IronNet Cybersecurity Comsec 
Recognize former (and current?) NSA officials, among 30, working for
Keith Alexander's IronNet Cybersecurity, Inc.
Recognize former (and current?) NSA officials, among 30, working for
Keith Alexander's IronNet Cybersecurity, Inc.

@_date: 2014-12-10 23:30:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Snowden ran a major 2 Gbps exit node named "TheSignal" 
Tor log from Feb 2013 lists hop to "TheSignal," reportedly Snowden's exit node
Legit? Others of these?
Tor log from Feb 2013 lists hop to "TheSignal," reportedly
Snowden's exit node
Legit? Others of these?

@_date: 2014-12-06 21:39:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Forgetting the Lesson of Cypherpunk History: Cryptography Is Underhanded 
Bill Blunden, "Forgetting the Lesson of Cypherpunk History: Cryptography Is Underhanded," Truthout, December 6, 2014.

@_date: 2014-12-04 13:24:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA OPULANT PUP A5/3 Crypt Attack 
NSA OPULANT PUP A5/3 Crypt Attack released by The Intercept 3Dec2014
Along with 62 pages on NSA AURORA GOLD et all
 (26.8MB)

@_date: 2014-12-30 12:17:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor 
Cryptome does not pretend to provide illusory security, that is security.
It is a vile, rotten, corrupt endeavor, like life. Chuckle.
Visitors, readers, consumers must be skeptical of security, and not rely
upon security promoters, their followers and investors who exploit
dependency by fear uncertainty and doubt.
Skepticism of security claims and methods is one of the purposes of
these lists. Perhaps the main purpose, although it is commonplace for
these lists to be used for soliciting befuddled consumers to hop aboard
the gravy train. Now and then skeptcism of the security arises but is usually
suppressed during times of crisis when incentive is rich to promote poor
products and services. Governments, commerce, orgs, experts cooperate
to foster crises under guise of opposition.
This applies to all forms of security, safety, protection, defense, hygienic
Still, Cryptome endorses the continuing struggle to improve citizen
protection, not only as a job, career, industry, but as citizens' obligation
to bear responsibility for the commonweal against its inside and outside
enemies, if you will, common math against the deadly germs.
One way to do that is to not oversell it, tone down the threats, reduce
drumbeating, avoid hyperbole for and against, forego advertising,
gang-bang hectoring, circle jerk conferencing, TEDing, prize bestowing,
to quietly invent, improve, critique, test, apply, re-test often, expect to
be deceived by colleagues witting or unwitting, especially by sales,
politicians, authoritarians -- the persistent germs.
Cryptome does not pretend to provide illusory security, that is
It is a vile, rotten, corrupt endeavor, like life. Chuckle.
Visitors, readers, consumers must be skeptical of security, and not
upon security promoters, their followers and investors who exploit dependency by fear uncertainty and doubt. Skepticism of security claims and methods is one of the purposes of these lists. Perhaps the main purpose, although it is commonplace
these lists to be used for soliciting befuddled consumers to hop
the gravy train. Now and then skeptcism of the security arises but is
suppressed during times of crisis when incentive is rich to promote
products and services. Governments, commerce, orgs, experts
to foster crises under guise of opposition.
This applies to all forms of security, safety, protection, defense,
pharma. Still, Cryptome endorses the continuing struggle to improve citizen
protection, not only as a job, career, industry, but as citizens'
obligation to bear responsibility for the commonweal against its inside and outside
enemies, if you will, common math against the deadly germs.
One way to do that is to not oversell it, tone down the threats,
drumbeating, avoid hyperbole for and against, forego advertising,
gang-bang hectoring, circle jerk conferencing, TEDing, prize
to quietly invent, improve, critique, test, apply, re-test often, expect
be deceived by colleagues witting or unwitting, especially by sales,
politicians, authoritarians -- the persistent germs.
john likes to be poetic as a
wall - dear john please listen to the smart people and have a small bit
of humility - it will make you better at your job and we need EVERYONE to
step up and be better at their jobs On Tue, Dec 30, 2014 at 7:38 AM, grarpamp
On Mon, Dec 29, 2014 at 8:20 AM, John Young
JYA, you, as the original publisher of various and valued
the responsibility to calculate, sign, and publish said hashes rests
you alone. Please consult with any trusted parties should you
assistance in such matters. A future of archivers, disseminators,
analysts will thank you.

@_date: 2014-12-30 12:17:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor 
Cryptome does not pretend to provide illusory security, that is security.
It is a vile, rotten, corrupt endeavor, like life. Chuckle.
Visitors, readers, consumers must be skeptical of security, and not rely
upon security promoters, their followers and investors who exploit
dependency by fear uncertainty and doubt.
Skepticism of security claims and methods is one of the purposes of
these lists. Perhaps the main purpose, although it is commonplace for
these lists to be used for soliciting befuddled consumers to hop aboard
the gravy train. Now and then skeptcism of the security arises but is usually
suppressed during times of crisis when incentive is rich to promote poor
products and services. Governments, commerce, orgs, experts cooperate
to foster crises under guise of opposition.
This applies to all forms of security, safety, protection, defense, hygienic
Still, Cryptome endorses the continuing struggle to improve citizen
protection, not only as a job, career, industry, but as citizens' obligation
to bear responsibility for the commonweal against its inside and outside
enemies, if you will, common math against the deadly germs.
One way to do that is to not oversell it, tone down the threats, reduce
drumbeating, avoid hyperbole for and against, forego advertising,
gang-bang hectoring, circle jerk conferencing, TEDing, prize bestowing,
to quietly invent, improve, critique, test, apply, re-test often, expect to
be deceived by colleagues witting or unwitting, especially by sales,
politicians, authoritarians -- the persistent germs.
Cryptome does not pretend to provide illusory security, that is
It is a vile, rotten, corrupt endeavor, like life. Chuckle.
Visitors, readers, consumers must be skeptical of security, and not
upon security promoters, their followers and investors who exploit dependency by fear uncertainty and doubt. Skepticism of security claims and methods is one of the purposes of these lists. Perhaps the main purpose, although it is commonplace
these lists to be used for soliciting befuddled consumers to hop
the gravy train. Now and then skeptcism of the security arises but is
suppressed during times of crisis when incentive is rich to promote
products and services. Governments, commerce, orgs, experts
to foster crises under guise of opposition.
This applies to all forms of security, safety, protection, defense,
pharma. Still, Cryptome endorses the continuing struggle to improve citizen
protection, not only as a job, career, industry, but as citizens'
obligation to bear responsibility for the commonweal against its inside and outside
enemies, if you will, common math against the deadly germs.
One way to do that is to not oversell it, tone down the threats,
drumbeating, avoid hyperbole for and against, forego advertising,
gang-bang hectoring, circle jerk conferencing, TEDing, prize
to quietly invent, improve, critique, test, apply, re-test often, expect
be deceived by colleagues witting or unwitting, especially by sales,
politicians, authoritarians -- the persistent germs.
john likes to be poetic as a
wall - dear john please listen to the smart people and have a small bit
of humility - it will make you better at your job and we need EVERYONE to
step up and be better at their jobs On Tue, Dec 30, 2014 at 7:38 AM, grarpamp
On Mon, Dec 29, 2014 at 8:20 AM, John Young
JYA, you, as the original publisher of various and valued
the responsibility to calculate, sign, and publish said hashes rests
you alone. Please consult with any trusted parties should you
assistance in such matters. A future of archivers, disseminators,
analysts will thank you.

@_date: 2014-12-29 00:43:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Re: [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor 
File size varies with programs. A screen shot of the RAR tally

@_date: 2014-12-29 00:43:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [cryptome] Re:  NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor 
File size varies with programs. A screen shot of the RAR tally
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-12-28 23:14:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor 
Der Spiegel released largest single day number of Snowden docs today,
666 pages, on NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor.
We offer a RAR of the 44 docs:
 (197MB)

@_date: 2014-12-28 23:14:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor 
Der Spiegel released largest single day number of Snowden docs today,
666 pages, on NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor.
We offer a RAR of the 44 docs:
 (197MB)
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-12-29 13:20:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH,  Tor 
From discussion on these lists and elsewhere tampering with
data can, does, occur at every software and hardware hand-off,
with each self-serving iteration having hidden and vulnerable hardware
and software undisclosed malignity, no matter the security ostentatiously
applied: reputation, credibility, impeccability, highly trusted, crypto,
hashes, fail by ruses of unexamined modules and inevitable, unavoidable
deceptions of too little skill, too little time, too little suspicion, driven by
need to pay alimony, debts, IRS, loutish family's begging.
Selected hand-offs of innumerable:
Multiple devious inventors, manufacturers and handlers inside and outside NSA
Devious NSA leaking like a sieve to madly grabbing everything devious Snowden
Snowden madly shoveling everything to multiple exceptionally devious media persons
Multiple media persons to hyper devious lawyers, publishing staff, tech experts, govs consulted
Devious selections of data to publish, then revised, then corrected
DEvious posting on outlet web sites and shoveling to cohort journos
Devious "authenticating" of docs (the prime deception)
Deviously orchestrated subsequently:
Downloads of docs
Sharing of docs
Archiving of docs
Dropboxing, torrenting of docs
Biased analysis and cherrypicking of docs
Multiple tagging and piggybacking and implanting of docs
Shading, smearing, vaunting, lying about docs
Accusing and defending about docs
Writing, lecturing, TEDing about docs
Dismissing of docs, the threat, the countermeasures
Then deviously shipping, shopping fools to take blame
by signature-bold leaders of pro and con opportunities
or to a prize ceremony for valorizing the criminal prize-funder
and bestowing generous tax avoidances.
These vulns and subterfuges and braggardies are as old as
comsec, hyperbolized by the digital era for rep building,
monetizing, and political ideology. These lists survive on
ingesting these toxic fumes and expel multiple recyclings
of them for jingle-jangle of gullible consumers, here as in
in the spy agencies working the yokels.
"NSA" or some monstrous threat -- God, Google, Cisco, MS --
is inside our skulls and peripherals, left brain in mortal combat
with the right brain, digital vs analog. Or so we imagine the two
halves pretending opposition like officials and anarchists to
outfox deviously malign genitalia orchestrating brain to slave at
getting food, air and water -- rigging the mind game to lose
after 60-70 years of wanking the slot handle obsessively.
Hash this motherfucker, said math to germ.

@_date: 2014-12-29 13:20:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH,  Tor 
From discussion on these lists and elsewhere tampering with
data can, does, occur at every software and hardware hand-off,
with each self-serving iteration having hidden and vulnerable hardware
and software undisclosed malignity, no matter the security ostentatiously
applied: reputation, credibility, impeccability, highly trusted, crypto,
hashes, fail by ruses of unexamined modules and inevitable, unavoidable
deceptions of too little skill, too little time, too little suspicion, driven by
need to pay alimony, debts, IRS, loutish family's begging.
Selected hand-offs of innumerable:
Multiple devious inventors, manufacturers and handlers inside and outside NSA
Devious NSA leaking like a sieve to madly grabbing everything devious Snowden
Snowden madly shoveling everything to multiple exceptionally devious media persons
Multiple media persons to hyper devious lawyers, publishing staff, tech experts, govs consulted
Devious selections of data to publish, then revised, then corrected
DEvious posting on outlet web sites and shoveling to cohort journos
Devious "authenticating" of docs (the prime deception)
Deviously orchestrated subsequently:
Downloads of docs
Sharing of docs
Archiving of docs
Dropboxing, torrenting of docs
Biased analysis and cherrypicking of docs
Multiple tagging and piggybacking and implanting of docs
Shading, smearing, vaunting, lying about docs
Accusing and defending about docs
Writing, lecturing, TEDing about docs
Dismissing of docs, the threat, the countermeasures
Then deviously shipping, shopping fools to take blame
by signature-bold leaders of pro and con opportunities
or to a prize ceremony for valorizing the criminal prize-funder
and bestowing generous tax avoidances.
These vulns and subterfuges and braggardies are as old as
comsec, hyperbolized by the digital era for rep building,
monetizing, and political ideology. These lists survive on
ingesting these toxic fumes and expel multiple recyclings
of them for jingle-jangle of gullible consumers, here as in
in the spy agencies working the yokels.
"NSA" or some monstrous threat -- God, Google, Cisco, MS --
is inside our skulls and peripherals, left brain in mortal combat
with the right brain, digital vs analog. Or so we imagine the two
halves pretending opposition like officials and anarchists to
outfox deviously malign genitalia orchestrating brain to slave at
getting food, air and water -- rigging the mind game to lose
after 60-70 years of wanking the slot handle obsessively.
Hash this motherfucker, said math to germ.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-12-31 13:01:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden Paywalled 
Free: 577,131 documents (millions of pages) informing public debate: Paywalled: Snowden: 3,361 pp of 58K-1.7M files:

@_date: 2014-12-31 12:58:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Snowden Paywalled 
Free: 577,131 documents (millions of pages) informing public debate: Paywalled: Snowden: 3,361 pp of 58K-1.7M files:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-12-31 15:38:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden docs show none are originals of spies 
PDF properties of Snowden docs show none are originals of spies. Likely sanitized-redacted by Snowden/outlets, originals need open scrutiny.

@_date: 2014-12-31 15:38:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Snowden docs show none are originals of spies 
PDF properties of Snowden docs show none are originals of spies. Likely sanitized-redacted by Snowden/outlets, originals need open scrutiny. cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-31 15:14:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
An early program of Highlands Group was perception management by
which public opinion would be shaped by disparagement of opposition
to ubiquitous gov-com spying with gambits like "tin-foil hat," "conspiracy
theory," and other forms of reputation attacks. Chorusing these terms
becomes habitual with repetition, even among those who are otherwise
open-minded to novel scientific and theological innovations so long as
the innovations are peer-reviewed or sanctioned by authorities, even
when the authorities are revealed to be self-serving and corrupt, perhaps
especially so. That is the crippling effects of standards setting in all
human endeavors, the favoritism toward standards setting obedient
members and ostacism of dissenters to the dominants.
Fortunately, the tin-hatters and conspiriacists overturn the sclerotic
hegemons if not burned at the stake, imprisoned, die of impoverishment,
driven to suicide. Mercy is never a characteristic of certitude and
maddened crowd-minds compelled to admire miters, crowns, helmets,
wigs of judmentalist soothsayers self-anointed deitific and scientific
absolutist perception managers -- also known as spymasters.

@_date: 2015-01-25 16:04:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Barrett Brown allocution statement in court today 
5 years 3 months sentence. Time served of 2.5 years to be credited.
Possible parole in 1 year.
  Defiant statement after sentencing: "Mission now to report on FU prison
system after reporting on FU cyber system."

@_date: 2015-01-22 15:16:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Barrett Brown allocution statement in court today 
Barrett Brown allocution statement in court today just released

@_date: 2015-01-29 14:30:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: How the CIA Made Google 
Fascinating research, with gobs of suspects besides TLAs, Brin and Page,
some here now, some here back then, as suspected then and now. Not
that there is anything wrong with suspecting cpunks was made similarly.

@_date: 2015-01-29 14:30:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
Fascinating research, with gobs of suspects besides TLAs, Brin and Page,
some here now, some here back then, as suspected then and now. Not
that there is anything wrong with suspecting cpunks was made similarly.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-29 14:48:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Why Google made the NSA 
Part 2 of the Google TLA allegations.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-31 15:14:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
An early program of Highlands Group was perception management by
which public opinion would be shaped by disparagement of opposition
to ubiquitous gov-com spying with gambits like "tin-foil hat," "conspiracy
theory," and other forms of reputation attacks. Chorusing these terms
becomes habitual with repetition, even among those who are otherwise
open-minded to novel scientific and theological innovations so long as
the innovations are peer-reviewed or sanctioned by authorities, even
when the authorities are revealed to be self-serving and corrupt, perhaps
especially so. That is the crippling effects of standards setting in all
human endeavors, the favoritism toward standards setting obedient
members and ostacism of dissenters to the dominants.
Fortunately, the tin-hatters and conspiriacists overturn the sclerotic
hegemons if not burned at the stake, imprisoned, die of impoverishment,
driven to suicide. Mercy is never a characteristic of certitude and
maddened crowd-minds compelled to admire miters, crowns, helmets,
wigs of judmentalist soothsayers self-anointed deitific and scientific
absolutist perception managers -- also known as spymasters.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-31 15:14:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
An early program of Highlands Group was perception management by
which public opinion would be shaped by disparagement of opposition
to ubiquitous gov-com spying with gambits like "tin-foil hat," "conspiracy
theory," and other forms of reputation attacks. Chorusing these terms
becomes habitual with repetition, even among those who are otherwise
open-minded to novel scientific and theological innovations so long as
the innovations are peer-reviewed or sanctioned by authorities, even
when the authorities are revealed to be self-serving and corrupt, perhaps
especially so. That is the crippling effects of standards setting in all
human endeavors, the favoritism toward standards setting obedient
members and ostacism of dissenters to the dominants.
Fortunately, the tin-hatters and conspiriacists overturn the sclerotic
hegemons if not burned at the stake, imprisoned, die of impoverishment,
driven to suicide. Mercy is never a characteristic of certitude and
maddened crowd-minds compelled to admire miters, crowns, helmets,
wigs of judmentalist soothsayers self-anointed deitific and scientific
absolutist perception managers -- also known as spymasters.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-29 14:30:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
Fascinating research, with gobs of suspects besides TLAs, Brin and Page,
some here now, some here back then, as suspected then and now. Not
that there is anything wrong with suspecting cpunks was made similarly.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-12 19:25:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: What is offtopic and what should be avoided on this list? 
Excellent reminder those who claim to know, don't. Or won't tell all they know, just enough
to build a reputation of responsibility. This applies to Snowden's team of "responsible"
releases of a tiny fraction of the full dump Snowden says he gave to the public, then was
hi-jacked in transit, most of it in private storage to enhance its value of restricted access.
Meanwhile, replacment spy tools are being developed in order that Snowden's gift can
be dimissed as nonsense -- a process well underway: NSA head now claims that the
Snowden material was not as damaging to natsec as first alleged. Could be psyop to
hide the damage, or indicates new means and methods are coming along just fine.

@_date: 2015-01-15 14:23:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Comsec Dream 
Yes, et seq.
Since most humans have nothing to do with digi-tech, its villainous to push digi-comsec as best path -- to entrap, to track, to spy, to profile. Pernicous cellphones, wearables, IoT, clouds, malware, gov cyber-largesse, invites worst paranoia even master-paranoid spies dare not dream of (Hail Mary fine).
Whether open internet will survive its perfidy against promoters, operators and users, is theologically disputable. "Era of" augurs short-life, then segue to safety of authoritarianism endorsed by re-educsted civil-libs scared shitless by careless police of the populace -- duly state-licensed professionals.

@_date: 2015-01-14 16:30:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Comsec Dream 
Comsec dream: secure means uniquely controllable by each person.
Free of faith, scripture, authorities, investors, apologists, exploiters.

@_date: 2015-01-31 17:39:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: www.nsa-observer.net 
Depends on the converter, whether it keeps the Adobe spying
features witting or unwitting -- which it may be aware of or not.
And whether it has a deal with Adobe to retain disguised.
Adode hidden code is quite devious -- for example it may remain
hidden to use the converted version as a host germ carrier to
propagate itself, following the bio model in our guts to use
feces as fertilizer.
Be careful about using free products, such as Adobe Reader
and free converters of formats of all kinds. They often contain
germs similar to the way NSA and other spies implant germs
in innocuous programs and platforms -- "free" is as devious as
"open" to those who exploit public trust in freedom and openness.
Journalism a prime exploiter under the brand of freedom of the
press to exploit with constitutional protection.
Gmail is one of the most notorious germ transmitters. Tor not quite
as evil, but less because newer than the Internet itself, the Internet
Archive, Wikipedia, social media, PGP, and many more which may
have had noble origins but have been adopted (and bought) by
converters of good to evil -- most readily by government contracts,
vulture capitalism, desparately broke and in debt, entrapment and
coercion by law enforement -- or all of them.
This list is beyond good and evil, thus spoke Zarathrusta, aka
TCM, JG, EH. Though those gods are dead.
 > On Jan 31, 2015, at 8:59 AM, John Young  >
 > Swell initiatives by all the Snowden distributors. Except most
 > fall prey to PDF manipulation of tagging, implanting, tracking,
 > by willful intent or by technical ignorance.
 >
 > It is virtually impossible to sanitize PDFs due to Adobe's inherent
 > design to meticulously spy on use of its products as well as
 > deluded user attempts to hide who, when, what, how by users
 > from creation to modification to wiping to stego to signing to
 > forging to stinging. Image or accessible-text or other PDF
 > formats, locked, redacted, watermarked, et al.
 >
Pardon my ignorance about this, and I will do my own research, but do these hidden formattings/stego/call-home functions disappear, get mutilated, become broken when 'converting' such PDF documents to other document types via use of many 'conversion' tools (Calibre comes to mind instantly) or are these embedded organisms a persistent across any automated conversion routine?
Depends on the converter, whether it keeps the Adobe spying
features witting or unwitting -- which it may be aware of or not.
And whether it has a deal with Adobe to retain disguised.
Adode hidden code is quite devious -- for example it may remain
hidden to use the converted version as a host germ carrier to propagate itself, following the bio model in our guts to use
feces as fertilizer.
Be careful about using free products, such as Adobe Reader
and free converters of formats of all kinds. They often contain
germs similar to the way NSA and other spies implant germs
in innocuous programs and platforms -- "free" is as devious
"open" to those who exploit public trust in freedom and
Journalism a prime exploiter under the brand of freedom of the
press to exploit with constitutional protection.
Gmail is one of the most notorious germ transmitters. Tor not quite as evil, but less because newer than the Internet itself, the Internet
Archive, Wikipedia, social media, PGP, and many more which may
have had noble origins but have been adopted (and bought) by
converters of good to evil -- most readily by government contracts,
vulture capitalism, desparately broke and in debt, entrapment and coercion by law enforement -- or all of them. This list is beyond good and evil, thus spoke Zarathrusta, aka
TCM, JG, EH. Though those gods are dead.
<jya at
Pardon my ignorance about this, and I will do my own research, but do
these hidden formattings/stego/call-home functions disappear, get
mutilated, become broken when converting such PDF documents to other
document types via use of many conversion tools (Calibre comes to mind
instantly) or are these embedded organisms a persistent across any
automated conversion routine?

@_date: 2015-01-31 13:59:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: www.nsa-observer.net 
Swell initiatives by all the Snowden distributors. Except most
fall prey to PDF manipulation of tagging, implanting, tracking,
by willful intent or by technical ignorance.
It is virtually impossible to sanitize PDFs due to Adobe's inherent
design to meticulously spy on use of its products as well as
deluded user attempts to hide who, when, what, how by users
from creation to modification to wiping to stego to signing to
forging to stinging. Image or accessible-text or other PDF
formats, locked, redacted, watermarked, et al.
Well behind and below the metadata Adobe allows users and
abusers to see, lurks Adobe's advanced persistent meta-meta
to aim for NSA/Tor-multi-level obscurantism by which accessible
meta is used to hide inaccessible. Below dark is darker, ever
darkening as new tools are developed to pry farther into the
less visible and off-oscilloscopic spectrum. DoD issued today
a short directive on the Center for Countermeasures and
Counter-Countermeasures (including cyberweapons like PDFs).
Presume NSA, aided by Adobe, has tracked, will track, Snowden's
material in all its iterations from the time he snatched it to
the latest distributor, consumer and secret archiver in Oahu,
Maryland, Hong Kong, Berlin, Rio, NYC, DC, online and off.
PDFs (and DOCs) are more treacherous than log files, backdoors,
0-days, APTs, what have you due to their popularity. HTM and TXT
are much safer. Courier fonts are safer than other fonts, especially
those promoted by Adobe and others who use fonts to spy (all
rationalized as protection of IP -- ie, comparable to natsec).

@_date: 2015-02-14 14:29:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Security/Privacy Tradeoff - Dave DeWalt of Mandiant 
Well, it has been a generation since this standard business practice
was challenged. And then went to covert cooperation to placate consumer
anger. Why would a new generation not do the same as their mentors?
Even here, among hackers, in universities, in corporations, in government,
hats change colors, as heads and wallets and guts fatten.
Hellman has said he regrets releasing PKC, succumbing to a young
man's and scholar's desire for publicity over bland government secrecy.
Now thinks national security is bigger than individual desire. This is
the arc of maturity, especially from those who did gain publicity early
on and now welcome invitations to serve as official advisors.
Our cpunk heros Whit Diffie and David Wagner are serving as reviewers
for NSA best cybersecurity paper. Others are invited to NSA and Congress
to provide counsel to policymakers. Others peddle crypto to governments
and corporations as if RSA, Google, Apple, Facebook, Twitter, the AV
hustlers are the required standard of duplicity demanded by investors.
Well, it has been a generation since this standard business practice
was challenged. And then went to covert cooperation to placate consumer
anger. Why would a new generation not do the same as their
Even here, among hackers, in universities, in corporations, in
hats change colors, as heads and wallets and guts fatten.
Hellman has said he regrets releasing PKC, succumbing to a young
man's and scholar's desire for publicity over bland government
Now thinks national security is bigger than individual desire. This
the arc of maturity, especially from those who did gain publicity
on and now welcome invitations to serve as official advisors.
Our cpunk heros Whit Diffie and David Wagner are serving as
for NSA best cybersecurity paper. Others are invited to NSA and
to provide counsel to policymakers. Others peddle crypto to
and corporations as if RSA, Google, Apple, Facebook, Twitter, the AV
hustlers are the required standard of duplicity demanded by
From the article
"Dave DeWalt, CEO of security firm Mandiant, a participant in
Friday's summit, hopes that fear of privacy invasion won't get in the way
of the work that needs to get done. He pointed to the way the way public
backlash to government surveillance programs revealed by former NSA
contractor Edward Snowden stymied previous efforts to effectively open
the lines of communication.
"This balance between privacy and security ebbs and flows and
unfortunately that was a huge setback -- a setback to the tune of several
years," he said.
This is the first that I've ever heard of a tradeoff between privacy and
security in the context of 'cyber security'. It's interesting to see this common trope for justifying widespread
erosion of privacy in meatspace applied to 'cyber', where it is even more
egregiously wrong.

@_date: 2015-02-14 14:15:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Business Wants Accessible Crypto from Business 
"Dave DeWalt, CEO of security firm Mandiant, a participant in Friday's summit, hopes that fear of privacy invasion won't get in the way of the work that needs to get done. He pointed to the way the way public backlash to government surveillance programs revealed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden stymied previous efforts to effectively open the lines of communication.
"This balance between privacy and security ebbs and flows and unfortunately that was a huge setback -- a setback to the tune of several years," he said.
via cypherpunks
"Dave DeWalt, CEO of security firm Mandiant, a participant in
Friday's summit, hopes that fear of privacy invasion won't get in the way
of the work that needs to get done. He pointed to the way the way public
backlash to government surveillance programs revealed by former NSA
contractor Edward Snowden stymied previous efforts to effectively open
the lines of communication.
"This balance between privacy and security ebbs and flows and
unfortunately that was a huge setback -- a setback to the tune of several
years," he said.
via cypherpunks

@_date: 2015-02-05 13:10:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pixel Dust Is Futile 
Peter Gutmann's pixel dust protection of privacy works as
an update for faith in elaborately futile shenanigans to evade
and to nab evaders inherently implanted in fetuses then re-implanted
in corpses: dust to dust.
Logs are as deceptive and who, what and how they log.
Machine designers and sysadmins artfully possessive
documentaries inherently evasive and capturing.

@_date: 2015-02-08 01:42:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ODNI Counsel: Governments Want Accessible Crypto from Business 
ODNI counsel Robert Litt is "optimistic" cryptographers will devise secure encryption which provides government access, it's "what many governments want."
"One of the many ways in which Snowden's leaks have damaged our national security is by driving a wedge between government and providers and technology companies so that some companies that formerly recognized that protecting our nation was a valuable and important public service they could perform now feel compelled to stand in opposition."

@_date: 2015-02-08 01:42:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] ODNI Counsel: Governments Want Accessible Crypto from Business 
ODNI counsel Robert Litt is "optimistic" cryptographers will devise secure encryption which provides government access, it's "what many governments want."
"One of the many ways in which Snowden's leaks have damaged our national security is by driving a wedge between government and providers and technology companies so that some companies that formerly recognized that protecting our nation was a valuable and important public service they could perform now feel compelled to stand in opposition."
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-16 17:34:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encryption used to secure transports is used to hide data exfiltration 
"The very encryption used to secure transports is used to hide data

@_date: 2015-02-16 17:34:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Encryption used to secure transports is used to hide data exfiltration 
"The very encryption used to secure transports is used to hide data cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-02-04 16:20:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: www.nsa-observer.net 
Darknet is hardly dark,  or no more than Tor anonymizes,
PKC protects, official secrecy keeps secrets. What they
are are seductive lures that siren sailors to blindly pursue
lustful comforts of heroic Greek mythology espoused by
temple maidens turned to stone by inhaling excess incense.
Still, the monuments of folly lure tourists to fatten pigeons
and bloat architects of incensed vengeance, aka spies and
warfighters who, with complicit elected officials, are the world's
shrewdest mythologists.

@_date: 2015-02-01 14:14:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: www.nsa-observer.net 
Forensics of paper docs, by, say, FBI, examined paper constituents
(ecology of trees, soil, tree-cutters, haulers, pulp mill, paper mill,
coating mill, shipping containers, distributors, sellers, buyers,
lenders), inks and their constituents, human and machine handling
and using and transmitting detritus, attempts to camouflage, divert
and hoax.
Forensics of digital docs do all this and much more from creation
to transceiving, forging, hoaxing, tracking, calling home, so forth.
Coupled with the Internet and commodiously ID'd digital processing
devices from manufacturers of programs and devices to the poor
user blocked from seeing the galore of peeping toms, diverted by
promises of privacy and comsec from, sad to say, promoted by
orgs receiving funds from the.manufacturers to play that very user
narcosis role, what can be done?
If a bio-hazard suit promises protection from ecological hazards,
what digital-hazard suit is available not contaminated with data
siphoning of the wearer like products tagged for sale to end of
world believers.
Crypto is trap- and back-doored and corrupt, so it is warned by
those offering an NSA career in the womb of Rosemary's Baby,
privacy is delusionary, so it is preached by those inviting into OTR
communities filled with Google-SM-informants and XXers, openness
worse  deception than official secrecy, so blind-justice visionaries
reveal and beckon to get off the grid and underground deep and
dark far away from the electromagnetic spectrum -- quanta-land,
teleportation nirvana, across rivernet of Styx Stux.
Remember when cpunk seers cautioned commodiously of sinister
authorities and their vilainous contractors, and encouraged heroically
to assassinate them anonymously? Remember the gradual hiring
of those seers to remain in place while aiding and abetting the
authorities as contractors to invent and promise comsec and privacy
and anonymity, generously trap- and back-doored and trojaned and
Call Homed tracing the arc of Snowden and gobs of others requiring
forenics to counter and counter-counter forensics of fora like
this, like Post-Snowden journalism enthralled with the adopting
of secure drop boxes, leak sites, secure comms, PK swaps
and signings, to camouflage long-standing lunches and briefings
with officials to agree on what can be slipped into public
perception of acceptable corruption to hide the unacceptable.
Adobe brags PDFs can simulate paper docs exactly. Indeed,
and much more forensically easy.

@_date: 2015-02-01 00:58:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: www.nsa-observer.net 
A sample 1-page PDF by Adobe with over 500 metadata
visible under "Properties" "Additional Metadata" "Advanced"
Acrobat needed to see the Additional Metadata, Reader does not show.
Curious 464 metadata under "xmpMM:History (bag container)".
And many more hidden but perusable with text scrutiny of the PDF.

@_date: 2015-02-07 19:07:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: What the dear NSA allegedly mean by "Mystic site"? 
Brief description of MYSTIC on page 8. Implants in wireless/mobile
systems, with subprograms by NCSC, DEA and CIA.
A DEA subprogram SANDKEY

@_date: 2015-03-23 22:47:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Pre-Releases 24 William Friedman Docs, 909 pp 
NSA Pre-Releases William Friedman Docs 909 pp (PDF, 50MB)
24 Papers of 52,000 pp due in April 2015
  NSA Pre-Releases William Friedman Docs 909 pp (PDF, 50MB)
24 Papers of 52,000 pp due in April 2015

@_date: 2015-03-10 17:08:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA black budget cryptanalysis 
The Intercept file on NSA black budget cryptanalysis
Included in the Zip file previously posted.

@_date: 2015-03-10 11:38:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Apple DPA Cryptanalysis 
The Intercept has released files on Apple, DPA and other
 (12pp, 1.9MB)

@_date: 2015-03-06 16:06:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome Deborah Natsios Exhibit in LA 
Deborah Natsios, Cryptome, upcoming exhibit Dem Passwords Gallery, LA
We'll be there. Chopper in, drop by. Dare to key sign.
Deborah Natsios, Cryptome, upcoming exhibit Dem Passwords Gallery, LA
We'll be there. Chopper in, drop by. Dare to key sign.

@_date: 2015-03-07 15:23:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Vulns 
No 1 vulnerability of crypto is the user
2nd passphrases
3rd overconfidence
4th trust in the producer
5th believing backdoors are No. 1

@_date: 2015-03-07 15:23:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Crypto Vulns 
No 1 vulnerability of crypto is the user
2nd passphrases
3rd overconfidence
4th trust in the producer
5th believing backdoors are No. 1
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-03-09 20:04:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Effect of Ubiquitous Encryption - IETF Draft 
IETF draft "Effect of Ubiquitous Encryption"
"As the use of encryption continues to increase, [system operator]
efforts to prevent it will continue to emerge."
IETF draft "Effect of Ubiquitous Encryption" "As the use of encryption continues to increase, [system operator]
efforts to prevent it will continue to emerge."

@_date: 2015-03-09 20:04:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Effect of Ubiquitous Encryption - IETF Draft 
IETF draft "Effect of Ubiquitous Encryption"
"As the use of encryption continues to increase, [system operator]
efforts to prevent it will continue to emerge."
IETF draft "Effect of Ubiquitous Encryption" "As the use of encryption continues to increase, [system operator]
efforts to prevent it will continue to emerge."

@_date: 2015-03-01 12:36:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Governments Covertly Fund Internet Freedom Activists 
Well said. Very few citizens receiving government funds, benefits,
perks, favors, bribes, contracts, tax write-offs, and even fewer NGO
beneficiaries are bothered by laws. procedures, pacts, secrecy,
venality, venerable greasing of palms. This is what governments
and NGOs were invented for and remain the premier source of
livelihood one way or the other, especially for those who pretend
opposition while royally partying with opponents. Royally, not
6- and 7-figure dollar compensation of officers of NGO, edu, com,
gov, religion, media ad nauseum, confirm the arrangement to promise
public service as a lure to vampire the lucre of believers who think they
will be able to become brazen vampires too. And it works, shrewd
recruits and donors like Soros, Omidyar, WikiLeaks, Snowden and
millions of followers flood into civil liberties, cybersec, anonymizing,
FOI, spying, think tanks, ACLU, EFF, EPIC, Privacy International,
Investigative Journalists, ProPublica, The Intercept, on and on ad
nauseum from Day One to 0-Day.
Favorite rejoiner to accusations of perfidy is to accuse of conspiracy
of various stripes, never ever confessing that the greatest conspiracies
are promulgated by governments and their well-trained domesticates:
Spies, agents, sources, cohorts, informants, educators, preachers,
contractors, opinionators, operators, heroes, medalists, oh hell, us
SOB maestroes of the Duh Conspiracy.

@_date: 2015-03-01 21:22:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Internet privacy, funded by spooks: A brief history of the BBG 
Internet privacy, funded by spooks: A brief history of the BBG, March 1, 2015
Open Technology Foundation featured, along with Tor, Appelbaum, Doctorow, Kobeissi, Soghoian, et al

@_date: 2015-04-25 14:44:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Shamir Reveals Sisyphus Algorithm 
Indeed. Inherent leakiness of digital technology is a gift of Olympus,
aka James Bidzos aka RSA. Never enough fault-rich crypto.
Digitalization might be the quintessential foolhardiness, or comsec
opportunism, which had led to endless apologies, apologias, apoplexies.
And hurrahs among investors, urging hackers and insiders to spill
secrets sufficient to assure comsec-panicky buyers. Bug bounties
hilariously, assuredly, self-defeating as backdoor warnings.

@_date: 2015-04-23 00:02:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA releases 52,000 pages of William F. Friedman Collection 
NSA releases 52,000 pages of William F. Friedman Collection, searchable:
Document index spreadsheet:
  NSA releases 52,000 pages of William F. Friedman Collection,
Document index spreadsheet:

@_date: 2015-04-25 14:44:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Shamir Reveals Sisyphus Algorithm 
Indeed. Inherent leakiness of digital technology is a gift of Olympus,
aka James Bidzos aka RSA. Never enough fault-rich crypto.
Digitalization might be the quintessential foolhardiness, or comsec
opportunism, which had led to endless apologies, apologias, apoplexies.
And hurrahs among investors, urging hackers and insiders to spill
secrets sufficient to assure comsec-panicky buyers. Bug bounties
hilariously, assuredly, self-defeating as backdoor warnings.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-04-22 16:24:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Shamir Reveals Sisyphus Algorithm 
Adi Shamir at RSA Conference:
Fully secure systems don't exist now and won't exist in the future.
Cryptography won't be broken, it will be bypassed.
Futility of trying to eliminate every single vulnerability in a given piece of software.

@_date: 2015-04-22 16:24:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Shamir Reveals Sisyphus Algorithm 
Adi Shamir at RSA Conference:
Fully secure systems don't exist now and won't exist in the future.
Cryptography won't be broken, it will be bypassed.
Futility of trying to eliminate every single vulnerability in a given piece of software.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-04-30 19:14:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Matt Blaze Testimony on Encrytion 
Matt Blaze testified yesterday at the House hearing on encryption
Others too:

@_date: 2015-04-30 19:14:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Matt Blaze Testimony on Encrytion 
Matt Blaze testified yesterday at the House hearing on encryption
Others too:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-04-07 00:43:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Greenwald, Scahill step down from The Intercept 
That's the crucial fault of the Snowden campaign, its corrupt core,
ambition and greed triumphant. Snowden is paying the high price
for others' profit. A nadir in contemporary journalism seemingly
without bottom.
Meanwhile obsessive handwringing about petty story fabrication,
as if to avoid the principal fabrication of 2013-2015, instead praising,
awarding, investing, promoting, recycling, gaming, streaming,
TEDing, Oscaring, glorifying, comedifying it.

@_date: 2015-04-07 00:29:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Greenwald, Scahill step down from The Intercept 
Not showing dead bodies of warfare helps sustain wars.
Defense Dept doesn't want them shown so public will
support sanitized war. News media doesn't want to show
them so advertizers can show ads which seduce the
public to wanting only sanitized news and war.
Those who profit from sanitized war and news want to
thrill the public with sanitized gore and business glory.
Every war has a sanitization business supporting it,
hiding carnage, cadavers, maimed, insane with
film, books, video, literature, education, religion,
and popular entertainers who valorize bloodthirstiness
and cruelty, venality and greed with sanitized cariatures,
games, parades, medals, cemetaries, monuments,
pensions, vet hospitals, thanks for service.
That way those who have experience actual war can
find nobody who has not who can understand anything
except the sanitized version. Grieving survivors can
find nobody to grasp what they suffer. Traumatized
vets wander among the sanitized zombies, whacking
a few, noticing that none of the other zombies care
a bit, dreaming this Django will end, this Dirty War
will end, sure, take a photo of me with the ghoul,
give me a Pulitzer, an Oscar, an Snowden factory

@_date: 2015-04-18 00:56:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Memex Oil Gush 
Simple: how to provide security and privacy just by claiming to do so,
packaging attractive, easy to use programs, heavily promoted, say,
like HTTPS and crypto.
This is what Obama said the government intends to do and invited
corps and edus and experts to just that, oiled with a gush of It Tastes
Like Real Butter.
Easy-Grease DARPA has buttered Tor and others to gush spy the web
while shouting about privacy protection just like Google, Microsoft, IBM,
universities, security experts, cryptographers, freedom of information
hustlers, ACLU, the usual fossil fuel dispensers.

@_date: 2015-05-07 14:53:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Appeals Court Rules NSA Phone Program Not Authorized by Patriot Act - WSJ 
The decision and three opinions
Judge Sack:
Judges Lynch and Broderick:
Sack opines it's not about Snowden.

@_date: 2015-05-07 14:53:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Appeals Court Rules NSA Phone Program Not Authorized by Patriot Act - WSJ 
The decision and three opinions
Judge Sack:
Judges Lynch and Broderick:
Sack opines it's not about Snowden.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-05-07 14:50:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Appeals Court Rules NSA Phone Program Not Authorized by Patriot Act - WSJ 
The decision and three opinions
Judges Lynch and Broderick:
Judge Sack:
Sack opines it's not about Snowden.

@_date: 2015-05-07 14:50:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Appeals Court Rules NSA Phone Program Not Authorized by Patriot Act - WSJ 
The decision and three opinions
Judges Lynch and Broderick:
Judge Sack:
Sack opines it's not about Snowden.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-05-17 16:07:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Nick Szabo and Bitcoin 
Those around cypherpunks 1993-1998 will recall Szabo's emails on
bitcoin early precursors along with Adam Back, Hal Finney, Tim May,
Wei Dai, Lucky Green, Hettinga, many more burgeoning F-Cs. NYT
piece credits cpunks as subversive birther, now being hyper-monetized
by arch-cryptoanarchist Goldman Sachs and many more centralists.
Szabo denies being Satoshi, but ... others rush to fill the gap Those around cypherpunks 1993-1998 will recall Szabo's emails on
bitcoin early precursors along with Adam Back, Hal Finney, Tim May,
Wei Dai, Lucky Green, Hettinga, many more burgeoning F-Cs. NYT piece credits cpunks as subversive birther, now being hyper-monetized
by arch-cryptoanarchist Goldman Sachs and many more centralists.
Szabo denies being Satoshi, but ... others rush to fill the gap

@_date: 2015-05-17 16:07:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NYT on Nick Szabo and Bitcoin 
Those around cypherpunks 1993-1998 will recall Szabo's emails on
bitcoin early precursors along with Adam Back, Hal Finney, Tim May,
Wei Dai, Lucky Green, Hettinga, many more burgeoning F-Cs. NYT
piece credits cpunks as subversive birther, now being hyper-monetized
by arch-cryptoanarchist Goldman Sachs and many more centralists.
Szabo denies being Satoshi, but ... others rush to fill the gap Those around cypherpunks 1993-1998 will recall Szabo's emails on
bitcoin early precursors along with Adam Back, Hal Finney, Tim May,
Wei Dai, Lucky Green, Hettinga, many more burgeoning F-Cs. NYT piece credits cpunks as subversive birther, now being hyper-monetized
by arch-cryptoanarchist Goldman Sachs and many more centralists.
Szabo denies being Satoshi, but ... others rush to fill the gap

@_date: 2015-05-06 13:06:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell vindicated 
Al-right, Robert, the white thinking guy's burden. Al-beit Al-coholic.

@_date: 2015-05-06 10:46:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell vindicated 
Anselm or another really smart Arab philosopher argued that
God is the only atheist and can be the only one. Well, these
thinkers invented the concept of zero, which subsumes, whatever,
that fancy word means, fits the notion of singular atheist.
Along came Sartre and a gang of existentialist bozos who
got aroused by the notion of nothingness. So happens most
of them were atheists except in foxholes, then Mommy was
what they cried.
There you have it, God is a single Mom, pissed at having no
deadbeat shitheads to whang with a skillet for inseminating
little whiney turds inside Her Vatican, most sporting red skullcaps
like penile protubers, pretending celibacy, that is, Grateful Deadhead
Daddies ravaging the mommies of spoiled crybaby atheists who
want to be their own daddies shacked up inside the panties of
Big Bad Mom.
Sartre, a mommy's boy pure existencely, called this the desire
to be god, this spoiled brat atheism, this less than zero wankism,
this lust to be St Peter, sorry for the penility, this Me, Me, Me,
sucking on Mommy's mammary, yearning to assassinate
Daddies for taking all mom's milk themselves.
Jim Bell, get off that tit.

@_date: 2015-05-07 13:16:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: we are fucked [was: Jim Bell vindicated] 
US armed forces (like other nations) have copious religions represented
in uniform to bless crusades, vendettas, suppressions, mass murders,
technical savagery, genocide by strategic bombing of civilians (Saudi
Arabia relishing that in Yemen), exculpation of policy setters and enforcers
and salve those who die, are savaged and family-death-benefited serving
nations of holiers than thou. The current US giant pie of all-religions
demon-fighters memoralized on patriotic headstones and dog-tags:
If your cybersecurity faith is not listed, engage a faith-based lobbyist
like EFF, ACLU, The Intercept, WikiLeaks.
Not hard to believe all wars are narrow-minded religious wars, the
more pea-brained, vicious and deadly the greater the faith in terrifying
people into submission or by Your God or Godless teaching the
resisters and atheists to RTFM and believe it.
Manual burners, body immolators, head loppers, come on, those
are the long-time recruiters.
Nice thing about the AP manual is how ancient and modern it is,
in law banking weapons strategy temples games. Not hard to
believe the Internet is an EM, electricity wasting manual for AP
adherents, following Gutenberg's WMD of pulp and carbon.

@_date: 2015-05-17 17:37:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: noscript is 10 years! 
NYT today has book review on gradual replacement of humans
by robots, a beloved investment of those at the top, so John Deere
is out to replace farmers not make them more productive. Same
for robotics in general; their inventors, coders, engineers, will
themselves be replaced by robots which can outperform their
vulnerable, increasingly marginalized parents.
We have seen how digital spying is fast replacing humans who
are hired to algo, build and unleash the robots, guide them for a
while until they learn to be self-guided and self-improved across
the flesh-and-blood spectrum, bottom to top, yes, even the top
are robotically destined to be invaded by algorithms way smarter
than their makers. Yes, robotic subversion has happened to banks,
governments, investors, spy agencies, their contractors and
Maybe not yet time for humans to eat their kids, their homegrown
garden and feed lot, but that's the model beloved by those
at the top, yes, that is what they are doing, eating their seed
corn. Go for it, John Deere, eat your sales and repair crew.
Oh well, the richest got richer last year, the prisons got
fuller, buildings got taller and deadlier, drones are becoming
favorites of agri-farmers, kid predators, and revenge porners.
Want a roasted PhD for dinner, call Amazon. Not you, Dr. Geer,
not yet the Ubers buzzing overhead with pension-killing

@_date: 2015-05-25 11:29:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Karl Rove's confusion about capacity of NSA's Utah data center. 
Disks or any electro-mechanical device, may not be the only, or
principle, means of storage. So capacity may not be the measure
of capability.
The need for speed of access to and processing of data requires
the data to be in active memory all the time. Arrayed, large CPU-like
"chips" or solid state (best is unsolid state) processors make data
constantly usable, always up to date, no lag time, no wear and tear.
Physical disks use too much energy and require too much architecture
to rack, interconnect, house, energize, maintain, repair, replace, update.
And are way too slow and clunky.
However, this doesn't mean Utah Data Center is not useful as a
Potemkin deception. Or that much of it is Potemkin deception.
Why else make it so observable during funding, design, construction
and afterwards a juicy easily photographed, concentrated target of
sneaky weaponry of hardware, software, sneakerware, hey come
attack us ware.
Somewhere, in Utah, or the planet, there are data handlers about
which little is publicly known except as miniaturized examples on
personal playthings. Meanwhile we are fed out of date fantasies of
capability based on xxx-bytes of increasingly absurd prefixes which
are like innumerable angels on pinheads.
One way to spot what's what is to look at the generators of facilities.
And their fuel tanks. Fully active data require a lot of uninterruptable
juice. We traced the power lines for UDC and found they lead far
astray, also Potemkin. Could be the generators and fuel tanks are
This is not to suggest Snowden pushing crypto and dribbling docs
are Potemkin. Could be, though, so slow and clunky, so observable,
and publishable for those willing to suspend disbelief.

@_date: 2015-06-25 10:41:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: progression of technologies (surely a religion) 
True, the devil is everywhere, unavoidable, only religion can
save you sinners whose souls must be spied by conscience,
confession to god's agents for forgivenss and guidance the
only protection. Give generously to the building fund.
Spies have forever preached this panopticism of the kindly
and wise overseer, along with authoritarians of endless
diversity and venality. How they fear the collapse of their
temples, their insiders becoming apostates, their servants
throwing off yoke of authority, rising up to lop howling heads
apraying for forgiveness, the untutored no longer willing to
accept the autocracy of the learned.
Then learned preachers call in their wholly supportive and believing
cops of coercion where might overrules reason and kindliness,
then the prayerful affirm the righteousness of law and order,
the need for ubiquitous spying, then judges, legislators, lawyers
and educators are blessed with allegedly supreme wisdom
and rewarded with mighty fine perquisites and stay out of jail
no matter how corrupt and devilish, albe the perks are limited
to the religion of male supremacy, disguised in all genders,
armed to the max against their demon-righteously angry subjects.
Senator Diane Feinstein dislikes the word "survellance"
as spies dislike the word "spies." They all share a faith
in complicitously necessary oversight of everyone-is-an-
agent-of-the-devil-in-disguise except themselves -- for
themselves only top secrecy faith in national security
armed with megadeath retribution to shield the shrewdly
aggrandizing learned in their temples of rationality for
thinking deeply and kindly of how next to fuck the public.
As their god wills and panoptically spies full spectrum
emanations (once known as vapors of sin).

@_date: 2015-06-13 20:50:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: More murder by LEA 
This story is not accurate either. Officers did not simply approach
Rahim to question, they approached to say hello, one was a friend
of Rahim. He did not pull a machete, he pulled out his wallet to
show baby photos. Rahim was not shot, he was congratulated
on the baby boy. As the cop friend hugged him officers in a
passing patrol car thought a struggle was underway, braked,
lept out with guns drawn, yelled "freeze." Everybody froze, except
for passerby video artist who began taping the scene. Seeing the
video taping the cops and Rahim elected to play along, escalated
the drama, faking punches, pulling imaginary knives and AK-47s,
screaming threats. Then everybody broke up laughing, the video
artist hollering thanks for that. Then the tape was uploaded to
Fox News to become ISIS orgy pron.
Rahim was undercover the Boston gay Muslim scene and still is.
Don't ask don't tell.
tripped on a broken sidewalk. The other cop (there were only two
coming from the free donuts.
thought he had been shot.

@_date: 2015-06-13 20:19:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: DataMines beget DataPirates and Future Orwellian Abuse 
No way yet to tell what really happened in these "massive breaches."
Accounts vary from initial reports, to later reports, to investigations,
to hearings, interlaced with remediations of various alleged iterations,
leading in most cases to claim the full story cannot be revealed due
to possible harm by disclosure. And best, the favorite runaround:
the usual suspects are named without evidence, indeed, assessments
are shaded with the customary claims by the usual experts consulted,
"it is  hard to tell who did it" and not only that evasion but the best and
brightest security wizards (there are six of them named, 2 for, 2 against
2 undecided) who disagree on not only who did but what to do about
breaches, whether they are breaches or malfunctions or publicity stunts
or fund-raisers, hair-raisers, fear-raisers, TED talks, rigged hearings
testimony (hearing testifiers are 2 for, 2 against, 2 undecided).
Reportedly, cybersec market to increase to $130B by 2020 if not sooner.
This increasingly generates more breaches, more massive, more ritual
for, against, undecided.
This cascading chaos was invented by six cypherpunks, each of
them for, against, undecided. Then as now, certain, uncertain,
confused about everything and nothing and whatever. No wonder
the media follows that leadership, copies its methodology, denies
feeding the trolls.

@_date: 2015-06-06 19:55:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_=E2=80=8B_Re:_Threat_Model:_Parents?= 
Juan Cole's Law, alongside salad of Godwin's Nazi orange j'accuse.

@_date: 2015-06-13 17:54:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Helmholtz Tubes, CRT Signals (Was: Sigint Dumps) 
Excuse delay, thought this went to the cpunks list.
To John-
there are over 200 groups discussing the same issues, at least 2 got
nationalised aggressively, and there have been some tangential posts
on blogs or commercial forums mainly concerns about their datacenter
security not knowing who might attack them, but overall the same
concerns are expressed:
Can the data be spoofed? Not at this resolution without having a model
of everything at the same resolution...
Are the blocks secure? No. [...] But services are stable.
Exports to public? yes, p2p clusters loading, datacenters doing
preparation processing, packed table files are set up for distributed
How do *you* know? UHD/4k VNC video stream to one of the master
control servers handling the database import and text chat with 200
others, no direct access to data here, but certainty that the data is
Involved how? rendering code to make GEO-TIFF map tiles and aggrigated
spline/curves to simplify snapshot data and level of detail pyramid
(multi-variate parametric search) index data.
Now we ask... If this was NATO-ish or any variety of US/UK system
built in the 1960s(?) can we solve for locations or viable downlink
targets to intercept? This hint at geo-magnetic shift is a huge
The coin data is ... glorious... but the other signals are no less
amusing, one set appears to be wired sigint in mhz carrier bands,
assumably urban analogue phone signals as recorded from the switch
routing system's ground or related wiretaps to rf via cable.
genome.gov had links to the various data formats that others
identified in the organics table.
X-Ray physics and detector materials need research, 1890s through
1970s was a huge ammount of X-Ray publicity, but NEVER EVER DID ANYONE
USE IT FOR SIGNALING??? BULLSHIT!
"is there any distinction at military bases or secure areas?" YES.
there is some access control doors which others suggest is a standard
card reader with number pad and automatic door that is common on the
secure layer of military and COMMERCIAL CONTRACTOR facilities that has
a proximity detector signal built into the door frame. THE COIN DATA
WARPS AROUND THIS CYLINDRICAL SIGNAL ON THE DOOR PORTAL AND VECTOR
PASSES THROUGH THE WALL. Obviously the vector is impossible without
fields projected from that security device! There is also a ghosting
signature that reduces sample rate (in the digitiser) around similar
facilities, looks like it was isolated in the newer signal index, so
it should be really obvious who is using these jamming systems and
where! (and where else!)
more questions:
coins on boats? yes.
coins on submarines? YES. (with ghosting)
organic signals? wtf?
Yes, but im told the prior emailed reference is erroneous: the primary
index is a SIGNALS CHARACTERISTIC tree, the supporting block (large
bit scope number) is VERY SIMILAR to a genetic expression profile tree
such as genome.gov/ and many of the gene profiling standards.
Hopefully the news will start posting the technical reports the
primary groups have been preparing last few days... we need to get
physics and advanced crypto groups attention, if the signals are
encoded and that party broke through dense analogue crypto, it will
take a huge effort to solve for that (it may have been an analogue EM
field as well that performed the encoding or reference signals) to
make the same capability posible for others.
Staying alive!
 > We're tweeting these posts. Blowback: is any evidence available to
 > support the narrative? Sample of the data, say, for close examination,
 > with credible provenance, not the GG secret pact bloviation.
 >
 > Mild critique: is this sci-fi or legit or both, advancing the literary-video
 > prize winning breaking news big screen Hollywood Neal Stephenson
 > spirit of the Snowden "NSA disclosures."
 >
 >
 >>
 >> More specifics on the sigint system:
 >>
 >> This looks like a "Growth Industry" ...
 >>
 >> Access to the beam is not restricted, anyone can pull signals out of
 >> the reconaissance loop from any of its exposed vectors.***
 >>
 >> Viable areas:
 >> Terrestrial:
 >> a: Spurrious emissions from tubes or conduit, beam deflection from
 >> interior particles
 >> b: Stray beams passing through field coils but not redirected
 >> c: Direct access to tubes or conduit (any variety of methods)
 >> Orbital:
 >> d: Geo-Magnetic Shift (downlinks)
 >> e: Refractive / deflection (downlinks)
 >>
 >> As the rate of geo-magnetic shift continues to deform the containment
 >> of the projected fields used to shape and steer the beams (which may
 >> also have something to do with the sensor itself?), wider areas will
 >> be accessible which are hit with the rogue spot beam from orbital (and
 >> projected field electro-magnetic) guides.
 >>
 >> This means almost anyone with a sensor can gather data from the downlinks.
 >>
 >> Additionally, spurrious radiation from the terrestrial system is
 >> available around endpoints and field coils, especially from damaged
 >> conduit or particles in the tubes.
 >>
 >> Time to raid the libraries for antique books about 1800s-1980s X-Ray
 >> EM physics and electromagnetic wave guides!
 >>
 >> It would not be rational to encode the carrier signal unless it was
 >> certain that the encoding would not disrupt signals quality, however
 >> raw X-Rated signals might have been too risky?
 >>
 >> [There are Thz ring oscillators, detectors, and various photonic
 >> rings, but properly implemented field-effect lenses, EM field vector
 >> control circuitry and coils(/phased array) (abstract field
 >> projection), and optimal tube design are all that should
 >> theorhetically be needed once a rogue beam is identified. X-Ray
 >> Materials and interference fields must be researched and made common
 >> knowledge.]
 >>
 >> Hopefully the data source is not too easily found and the dumps get
 >> out, this is extremely relevant for "civil liberties", human rights,
 >> and reconstructing your own personal history and records where your
 >> data is otherwise mising.
 >>
 >>
 >>
 >> > Helmholtz Tube, Beam Steering, EM field interaction, simple field
 >> > dynamics, (and your oscilliscope) are all you need to create complex
 >> > EM signals processors.
 >> >
 >> > No different than your antique crypto cracker, which uses an abstract
 >> > field to solve complex pre-defined systems. "56-bit" https cracker was
 >> > mass implemented as a 300mhz backplane EM field solver about the size
 >> > of your desktop computer.
 >> >
 >> > Using the same technology, resolution, and methods, BTC Bitcoins are
 >> > around 8m^3 of field to solve.
 >> >
 >> > No doubt the access and decoding to these sigint signals requires
 >> > similar proessing before being steered to the digitiser.
 >> >
 >> > (Maxwell Tube, Helmholtz Tube, typical of high school physics
 >> > classrooms)
 >
 >
 >

@_date: 2015-06-11 14:08:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Helmholtz Tubes, CRT Signals (Was: Sigint Dumps) 
We're tweeting these posts. Blowback: is any evidence available to
support the narrative? Sample of the data, say, for close examination,
with credible provenance, not the GG secret pact bloviation.
Mild critique: is this sci-fi or legit or both, advancing the literary-video
prize winning breaking news big screen Hollywood Neal Stephenson
spirit of the Snowden "NSA disclosures."

@_date: 2015-06-11 14:08:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Helmholtz Tubes, CRT Signals (Was: Sigint Dumps) 
We're tweeting these posts. Blowback: is any evidence available to
support the narrative? Sample of the data, say, for close examination,
with credible provenance, not the GG secret pact bloviation.
Mild critique: is this sci-fi or legit or both, advancing the literary-video
prize winning breaking news big screen Hollywood Neal Stephenson
spirit of the Snowden "NSA disclosures."
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-06-13 17:37:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reporter-USG Exchanges on Snowden Docs 
Italian reporter Stefania Maurizi has published her exchanges with NSA,
DoJ and State about publishing Snowden documents (an exemplary
model for others to follow):
She also said she has published all the Snowden documents she
had access to (another exemplar for those still withholding 93%
of the Snowden full dump for the public, or 99.98% of the 1.7M
USG claims was taken).

@_date: 2015-06-13 17:37:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Reporter-USG Exchanges on Snowden Docs 
Italian reporter Stefania Maurizi has published her exchanges with NSA,
DoJ and State about publishing Snowden documents (an exemplary
model for others to follow):
She also said she has published all the Snowden documents she
had access to (another exemplar for those still withholding 93%
of the Snowden full dump for the public, or 99.98% of the 1.7M
USG claims was taken).
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-06-16 11:13:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
WikiLeaks WikiTweets only .05% of Snowden documents have been
declassified for release by the spy-micking hoarders, out of nearly 1M.
Cryptome tallies 7% of Guardian's magically variable 58,000 or .02%
of DoD's defense industry mass overkill 1.7M.
This affirms the Snowden-idolizing MSM are hardly better journalism
than Sunday Times at customary citizen-subject-consumer
hoodwinking relying on rhetorical exaggeration with minimal
substantiation, that is, following the model of royalty, official spies
and commercial public relations (bestow on Apple's CEO for
lying about iSpookery), why even, pardon the ad disruption,
cryptosecurity everywhere floggers, nay, nay, hordes of educators
indenturing wage slaves, religious hustlers token-sucking the poorest
tax-avoiding the richest, and not worth slathering horse-dookie on
Lady Gaga Godiva, bloated governments wielding the armaments
of utter obedience for most none for a few.
Which, clang cymbol, why demand only NSA stop it, stop
stomping invented civlib, why not demand all the world's spies
close shop, defuse the PALs of the WMD terrorists. Spies beget
world's worst spies, govs beget world's worst govs, biz begets
world's worst biz, secperts beget, so on, to wit, shit methane.
Tis a damn lie, verily a rigged stat, a TED yip, that some official
secrecy is okay (Schneier, most secperts) just not too much, that is,
my secrecy, my NSA protection racket sold to world spies and
clueless public as costly and methaney, is perfume, yours is
RU and CN bowel gas -- as mirrored by RU and CN.

@_date: 2015-06-21 10:40:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Be alert - signs of Russian invasion may be strong 
Official secretkeepers of NATO, Russia and their fearsome enemies
know these kinds of stories are meant to reduce fear and defense
expenditures so should be applauded as tricks of the anti-war
industry which must be resisted with fearless slaughter of many
terrified civilians and a tiny few luckless warfighters who drive
drunk to the PTSD club and overshoot (over-drone) a construction
barrier of the crumbling National Defense Highway system to sink into
a toxic lake of endless war waste surrounding every military base
on the planet and rapidly growing throughout the universe with
application of war technology to invasion of the heavens for
peaceful, merely scientific, although top secret, purposes,
that is to erect intergalactic shields of protection of hapless
creatures being drained of their vital fluids for nourishing the
Great Gods of National and Environmental Security, now
blessed by Pope Francis for the benefit of Great Architecture
afficionados from St Peter to Pentagon to whereever Strangeloves
squat before vast Sony plasmas of roach-squashing, fail/safe
buttons neutered, flesh life as known and loathed by cryogenic
demigodly automatons aimed for extinction.

@_date: 2015-06-18 13:42:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Privacy advocates resign over facial recognition plans 
"The Dark Net: Inside the Digital Underworld," Jamie Bartlett, examines the
options for escaping observation -- for a while. Cypherpunks is featured for
promoting privacy with technology; crypto, anonymizers, digital currency,
unauthorized disclosures and more.
And how escaping observation very often involves criminal activity, although
as Tim May and others claimed, that is the price paid for cloaking from
prying eyes. That Tor cloaks 415-1230% of child porn sites, 550-7000% of
drug sales, and the like, is allegedly seen by the rebellious undergrounders
as "so what, personal freedom is not free."
So the richest have the greatest personal freedom, "so what," declared
Judge Loretta Preska sentencing shackled hackers for violating the private
enclaves of her kind's lawfully-bending relatives and unjudicials.
Security of any kind is always bleak, not just due to NSA, its the Devil,
why else would religion exist except to forecast the worst imaginable
and preach slim chances of avoiding prying eyes of homicidal deity.
Crypto bent-back prayer leads the day in fashionable cloaks against
inevitable deitific spying -- mostly done by the same devils who espouse
cryptosystems which inevitably fail like perpetual motion machinic faiths
of all kinds.
To the rescue upgrades offer a tad more dreadless illusion while
injecting sand and rust into the sanctuaries, desktops, laptops,
handhelds, clouds, national security, 4-rotored ski lifts to heaven.
Hey, wake up, faithless cypherpunks will not be fooled, remember
this when cold dead hands clamber into windows of Ecuadorian
embassies, run skirted circles at Fort Leavenworth, dream of
languid days key-signig in Hawaii from scrotum-iced pole
dancing in Moscow, incise 365x24 days x 10 years to go
on large sceen cell walls.
Remember too where the grandfathers of cpunks loll, picking
fleas from their cats, rueing STDs on their bitches, grooming
authors of Deep and Dark Web tomes of horrific beasts
lurking inside electronic frontiers of children's Kindles.
"The Dark Net: Inside the Digital Underworld," Jamie Bartlett,
examines the
options for escaping observation -- for a while. Cypherpunks is featured
for promoting privacy with technology; crypto, anonymizers, digital
unauthorized disclosures and more.
And how escaping observation very often involves criminal activity,
as Tim May and others claimed, that is the price paid for cloaking
prying eyes. That Tor cloaks 415-1230% of child porn sites, 550-7000% of
drug sales, and the like, is allegedly seen by the rebellious
undergrounders as "so what, personal freedom is not free."
So the richest have the greatest personal freedom, "so what,"
Judge Loretta Preska sentencing shackled hackers for violating the
private enclaves of her kind's lawfully-bending relatives and
Security of any kind is always bleak, not just due to NSA, its the Devil,
why else would religion exist except to forecast the worst imaginable
and preach slim chances of avoiding prying eyes of homicidal deity.
Crypto bent-back prayer leads the day in fashionable cloaks against inevitable deitific spying -- mostly done by the same devils who
cryptosystems which inevitably fail like perpetual motion machinic
of all kinds.
To the rescue upgrades offer a tad more dreadless illusion while injecting sand and rust into the sanctuaries, desktops, laptops, handhelds, clouds, national security, 4-rotored ski lifts to
Hey, wake up, faithless cypherpunks will not be fooled, remember this when cold dead hands clamber into windows of Ecuadorian embassies, run skirted circles at Fort Leavenworth, dream of languid days key-signig in Hawaii from scrotum-iced pole dancing in Moscow, incise 365x24 days x 10 years to go on large sceen cell walls.
Remember too where the grandfathers of cpunks loll, picking
fleas from their cats, rueing STDs on their bitches, grooming
authors of Deep and Dark Web tomes of horrific beasts
lurking inside electronic frontiers of children's Kindles.
2015-06-18 13:28 GMT+09:00
Cypherpunks... when / where will it all end?
The cost of observation is ever dropping. With improved processing
capability (hardware and software) the value of data is ever rising.
There is only one logical conclusion: permanent, global
Resistance is effective but eventually futile, you cannot reverse time,
you cannot reverse progress.
More fruitful is managing the inevitable future. Will we go gently into
corporate hell? Will we let power games rule us? Do the wealthy buy
privacy, and the people's data? Will you, at the very least, own the data
about you? Will populism be managed by algorithms? Do our current systems
still work in such a future? How will the developed areas relate to the
underdeveloped? Etc. etc. etc.

@_date: 2015-06-28 10:51:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Elsevier tries to Swartz Sci-Hub 
Peculiar that there are not thousands of mirrors of offerings by
Libgen, Sci-hub and the like, as well as new inititatives by the thousands.
These collections are a lot more valuable than puny, by comparison,
offerings by WikiLeaks and Snowden's media  apparatus -- heavily
publicized, politicized, monetized, glorified but minimally technically
and scientifically useful due to sparse and drippy releases.
For example, 3,415 volumes liberated by Aaron Swartz remain on torrent
(some of which we have mirrored with only a half-dozen DMCA notices):

@_date: 2015-07-09 15:32:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WABC radio Seeks NYSE Outage Leads 
Aaron Klein, WABC radio, NYC, seeks tips, leads on NYSE and
other outages
 >  Aaron Klein, WABC radio, NYC, seeks tips, leads on NYSE and other outages

@_date: 2015-07-02 00:26:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Re: The Intercept Releases ~1,264 pages of NSA Docs 
BTW, The Intercept documents can be downloaded from DocumentCloud:
The recent large batch is listed from June 29 to July 1, 2015.
Click on number of pages which brings up thumbnails, then click the
first page thumbnail to bring up viewing pages, then on the right column
right click to download the original document.
Documents of any other journalist outlet can be found "Group."

@_date: 2015-07-02 00:26:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Intercept Releases ~1,264 pages of NSA Docs 
BTW, The Intercept documents can be downloaded from DocumentCloud:
The recent large batch is listed from June 29 to July 1, 2015.
Click on number of pages which brings up thumbnails, then click the
first page thumbnail to bring up viewing pages, then on the right column
right click to download the original document.
Documents of any other journalist outlet can be found "Group."
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-07-02 00:00:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Re: The Intercept Releases ~1,264 pages of NSA Docs 
The Intercept doesn't sign Snowden files, just posts them on DocumentCloud.
Best would be for Snowden to sign them if to be signed, journalists do not
have capability to do it, and most could care less except to blow smoke
about certification. Their lawyers advise to not certify anything leaked to
them, too risky.
Same procedure by all the journalist-publisher users of DocumentCloud; it
is restricted to journalists-publishers, whom it is well known are quite slack
about comsec, infosec and their customers's privacy in order maximize
profitability of user data for advertizers.
DocumentCloud, now hosting over 700,000 documents of millilons of
pages, is rather easily penetrated and tampered with, but that's to be
expected of anything hosted on the cloud which has the world's worst
security. Worser: logs of accesses are kept and shared to authorities.
Cloud may be the most grievously harmer of privacy today, soon to be
surpassed by the IoT to exploit user's gullibility with promises of oh so
popular faulty security measures and irresponsibly shady privacy policies.

@_date: 2015-07-02 00:00:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] The Intercept Releases ~1,264 pages of NSA Docs 
The Intercept doesn't sign Snowden files, just posts them on DocumentCloud.
Best would be for Snowden to sign them if to be signed, journalists do not
have capability to do it, and most could care less except to blow smoke
about certification. Their lawyers advise to not certify anything leaked to
them, too risky.
Same procedure by all the journalist-publisher users of DocumentCloud; it
is restricted to journalists-publishers, whom it is well known are quite slack
about comsec, infosec and their customers's privacy in order maximize
profitability of user data for advertizers.
DocumentCloud, now hosting over 700,000 documents of millilons of
pages, is rather easily penetrated and tampered with, but that's to be
expected of anything hosted on the cloud which has the world's worst
security. Worser: logs of accesses are kept and shared to authorities.
Cloud may be the most grievously harmer of privacy today, soon to be
surpassed by the IoT to exploit user's gullibility with promises of oh so
popular faulty security measures and irresponsibly shady privacy policies.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-07-01 21:47:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Intercept Releases ~1,264 pages of NSA Docs 
Mostly Xkeyscore and more.
 (643MB)
List of files:

@_date: 2015-07-01 21:47:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] The Intercept Releases ~1,264 pages of NSA Docs 
Mostly Xkeyscore and more.
 (643MB)
List of files:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-07-26 22:38:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Varoufakis claims had approval to plan parallel banking system for Greece 
Varoufakis claims had approval to plan parallel banking system for Greece
Allegedly aided by Columbia University IT professor  to design a hack of existing taxation systems.
Columbia Computer Science Faculty

@_date: 2015-07-26 22:38:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Varoufakis claims had approval to plan parallel banking system for Greece 
Varoufakis claims had approval to plan parallel banking system for Greece
Allegedly aided by Columbia University IT professor  to design a hack of existing taxation systems.
Columbia Computer Science Faculty
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-07-30 14:52:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: William Friedman's 1955 Crypto AG visit reports draft and final redactions 
William Friedman's 1955 draft Crypto AG visit report shows text
redacted in final version and vice versa. Two versions compared:
 (20MB) William Friedman's 1955 draft Crypto AG visit report shows text redacted in final version and vice versa. Two versions compared:

@_date: 2015-07-30 14:52:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] William Friedman's 1955 Crypto AG visit reports draft and final redactions 
William Friedman's 1955 draft Crypto AG visit report shows text
redacted in final version and vice versa. Two versions compared:
 (20MB) William Friedman's 1955 draft Crypto AG visit report shows text redacted in final version and vice versa. Two versions compared:

@_date: 2015-07-08 12:33:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Re: FOIPA adventures 
Quite nice compilation of sources configured to evade
FOIA. Ever finer feigning requires ever finer seining.
Paraphrasing Charles Murray, "US's ever more manipulable
legal system and ever increasing government regulations are
essentally lawless. When governments transgress citizens'
rights, revolution is not treason but the people's duty."

@_date: 2015-07-12 20:51:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: progression of technologies 
Jim aptly notes the cheating use of technology and law, practiced
by lawyers and technologists, prosecution and defense, hardly
limited to millions of secretkeepers, litigous-technologicus ubquitious,
so to paraphrase Dr. Geer, we are all corner cutting opportunists,
highly trained and credentialed dual hatted techno-legalistic tricksters
now. Once IANAL prevailed, now IAATLT.

@_date: 2015-07-11 20:41:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: progression of technologies 
This is productive discussion for addressing what's happening
now and coming up in the race between law and technology,
cartoonishly in the press as between whales and germs,
more realisticly, the two swapping places, running different races,
taking short-cuts, indicting, pleading, inforning, lying, bribing,
cheating, rigging races, hiring assassins and stand-ins, dual
hats, wild cards, lone wolves, entrapment, duplicity, megadeath
threats, hacks, injections, implantations, porous treaties,
incessant violations, and above all evergrowing heaping
piles of dung of the devil.
Concentration of wealth by lawful cheating is comparable
to explosively squeezing the pit to see if the atmosphere

@_date: 2015-07-04 14:44:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bitcoin Book Review 
The most poignant moment in the book comes when Popper contrasts a conference for the more ideologically minded Bitcoiners at a racetrack on the outskirts of Austin, where Ulbricht grew up, with the gathering of the rich and powerful at the South by Southwest festival, where Ulbrichts mother is politely dismissed as she pleads for funds to help defray her sons legal costs. It was an unhappy reminder of a side of Bitcoin that its new adherents wanted to put behind them, Popper writes. And as he notes, If this was the new world, it didnt seem all that different from the old one  at least not yet.
Nor can Digital Gold be a tale with a satisfying ending, because the future of Bitcoin is unknowable right now. As the venture capitalist Barry Silbert says at a Goldman Sachs conference, Bitcoin is either going to change everything, or nothing. But if Bitcoin doesnt change everything, people will keep trying to find something that will, and so Poppers book stands as necessary reading, and very intriguing at that, regardless of the eventual fate of his subject.

@_date: 2015-07-17 15:28:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: an ominous comment 
Exactly why judges masturbate with a noisy device, snooze, bark
errant orders, abuse assistants, bailiffs, attorneys, juries, aggravate
higher and lower judges, get shot, shoot back, get laid and STD
in chambers.
Courtroom tedium (aka justice), procedural churning, empty bombast,
strutting, feigning, farting, fingering anus itch, jury boredom, hollow pretense of
respect for the law -- from this comes little new, and a lot of wasted time,
so obese, privileged, endlessly disputatious precedent is valued over
disruptive lean novelty and Roy Bean quick resolution, wherein fear of mortality
and hard labor are suspended self-sentences, and issuing death penalties
against childhood bullies absconding with therapy dolls is the dream of
payback jurists in black cross dresses.
Exactly why judges masturbate with a noisy device, snooze, bark
errant orders, abuse assistants, bailiffs, attorneys, juries,
higher and lower judges, get shot, shoot back, get laid and STD in chambers. Courtroom tedium (aka justice), procedural churning, empty bombast, strutting, feigning, farting, fingering anus itch, jury boredom, hollow
pretense of respect for the law -- from this comes little new, and a lot of wasted
time, so obese, privileged, endlessly disputatious precedent is valued over
disruptive lean novelty and Roy Bean quick resolution, wherein fear of
and hard labor are suspended self-sentences, and issuing death penalties
against childhood bullies absconding with therapy dolls is the dream of
payback jurists in black cross dresses.

@_date: 2015-07-14 17:35:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: an ominous comment 
Cloud and browser together constitute the most invasive programs
since religion was invented and rewarded to absolve overrreaching
and abusive authority.
Both cloud and browser are deliberately designed to mislead users
about their threats to privacy and security. Iterations, adjustments,
corrections of errors, automatic upgrades, official endorsements,
repeatedly easy hacks, futile hearings of maladies long known and
ignored, concentration of computer power, reduction of alternatives,
foretell disaster as if natural, expected, bearable, and better than
DIY, desktop, solo solutions, mavericks, and worst of all, openness.
Cloud and browser are like imperial dogma, what's good for the
empire operators is good for the people. Although cloud and
browser to  succeed must have access to all the people's private
data to assure they remain peaceable.
Sysadmins are the Cromwells, the Hacking Teams, the
Kasperskys, violating law with impunity.
Cloud and browser together constitute the most invasive programs
since religion was invented and rewarded to absolve overrreaching and abusive authority.
Both cloud and browser are deliberately designed to mislead users
about their threats to privacy and security. Iterations, adjustments,
corrections of errors, automatic upgrades, official endorsements,
repeatedly easy hacks, futile hearings of maladies long known and
ignored, concentration of computer power, reduction of alternatives,
foretell disaster as if natural, expected, bearable, and better than
DIY, desktop, solo solutions, mavericks, and worst of all,
Cloud and browser are like imperial dogma, what's good for the
empire operators is good for the people. Although cloud and
browser to succeed must have access to all the people's
data to assure they remain peaceable.
Sysadmins are the Cromwells, the Hacking Teams, the
Kasperskys, violating law with impunity.
Everything will be run in the
cloud and browser because it is, overall, a better computation
model. However, that doesn't preclude you from running a cloud
locally. Although pretty much proprietary to Google & Amazon
until recently, Docker et al and related VM/container management APIs
that are mappable to all kinds of implementations will allow apps,
administration, networking, etc. to be fluid between commercial and
various types of private clouds.
In a lot of ways, this is an elegant solution and could arguably be much
more secure than desktop apps in Windows. Assuming your container
system isn't running in Windows, which is becoming an option; one that I
won't trust easily.
On 7/14/15 8:52 AM, dan
Discussing security policy post-OPM debacle in a setting to
I have access (sorry to be oblique), it was said by a CxO "We have
to prepare for the day when no software we depend on is run on
I did not handle this well (think sputtering as an alternative to
white rage). At the same time, I am probably in a bubble in that
I suspect that nearly everyone I see with a computer (of any form
factor) is already in that situation or, save for Javascript piped
in from the cloud to run locally, soon will be -- denizens of this
list and a few others excepted.
Echoing Lenin echoing Chernyshevsky, "What is to be done?" or,
perhaps, "Is anything to be done?"

@_date: 2015-07-25 13:11:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Poitras joins Roark in pro se solidarity 
USG may use Poitras suit to try Snowden absentia as well as to suppress withholders of his slow dripping public dump.
USG may use Poitras suit to try Snowden absentia as well as to suppress
withholders of his slow dripping public dump.
rules of the road:

@_date: 2015-08-17 16:53:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CNSS Issues Memo on Shift to Quantum-Resistant Cryptography 
CNSS Advisory Memo on Use of Public Standards for Secure Sharing of Information Among NatSec Systems 08/11/15
This Advisory expands on the guidance contained in CNSS Policy No. 15, National Information Assurance Policy on the Use of Public Standards for the Secure Sharing of Information Among National Security Systems (Reference a). Based on analysis of the effect of quantum computing on Information Assurance (IA) and IA-enabled Information Technology (IT) products, the policy's set of authorized algorithms is expanded to provide vendors and IT users more near-term flexibility in meeting their IA interoperability requirements. The purpose behind this additional flexibility is to avoid vendors and customers making two major transitions in a relatively short timeframe, as we anticipate a need to shift to quantum-resistant cryptography in the near future. CNSS Advisory Memo on Use of Public Standards for Secure Sharing of
Information Among NatSec Systems 08/11/15
This Advisory expands on the guidance contained in CNSS Policy No. 15,
National Information Assurance Policy on the Use of Public Standards
for the Secure Sharing of Information Among National Security Systems
(Reference a). Based on analysis of the effect of quantum computing
on Information Assurance (IA) and IA-enabled Information Technology (IT)
products, the policys set of authorized algorithms is expanded to
provide vendors and IT users more near-term flexibility in meeting their
IA interoperability requirements. The purpose behind this additional
flexibility is to avoid vendors and customers making two major
transitions in a relatively short timeframe, as we anticipate a need to
shift to quantum-resistant cryptography in the near future.

@_date: 2015-08-17 16:53:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] CNSS Issues Memo on Shift to Quantum-Resistant Cryptography 
CNSS Advisory Memo on Use of Public Standards for Secure Sharing of Information Among NatSec Systems 08/11/15
This Advisory expands on the guidance contained in CNSS Policy No. 15, National Information Assurance Policy on the Use of Public Standards for the Secure Sharing of Information Among National Security Systems (Reference a). Based on analysis of the effect of quantum computing on Information Assurance (IA) and IA-enabled Information Technology (IT) products, the policy's set of authorized algorithms is expanded to provide vendors and IT users more near-term flexibility in meeting their IA interoperability requirements. The purpose behind this additional flexibility is to avoid vendors and customers making two major transitions in a relatively short timeframe, as we anticipate a need to shift to quantum-resistant cryptography in the near future. CNSS Advisory Memo on Use of Public Standards for Secure Sharing of
Information Among NatSec Systems 08/11/15
This Advisory expands on the guidance contained in CNSS Policy No. 15,
National Information Assurance Policy on the Use of Public Standards
for the Secure Sharing of Information Among National Security Systems
(Reference a). Based on analysis of the effect of quantum computing
on Information Assurance (IA) and IA-enabled Information Technology (IT)
products, the policys set of authorized algorithms is expanded to
provide vendors and IT users more near-term flexibility in meeting their
IA interoperability requirements. The purpose behind this additional
flexibility is to avoid vendors and customers making two major
transitions in a relatively short timeframe, as we anticipate a need to
shift to quantum-resistant cryptography in the near future.

@_date: 2015-08-01 13:57:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: FOIA/PA 
I believe FBI was a minor player, if any, it was IRS TAIGA's Jeff Gordon
and AUS Attorney Robb London who bird-dogged, planted a vehicle
tracker, surveilled, harassed parents and friends, lurked on, sent
messages and cherry-picked this mail list to subpoena cpunks and
gather evidence for grand juries.
Indeed, it would be helpful to see the investigative files never introduced
in court: some claim only 5% or less of "law enforcement senstive" are
publicly released to avoid disclosing means and methods to assure
conviction and chill others into lawful obedience, even if the judge
remains awake during trial -- which in Mr. Bell's case, did not. Instead
Judge Tanner (80+ years old), snoozed and periodically barked "Period."
OTOH, some folks say once you see what is in such files, it may be
prudent to let sleeping dogs lie. Shit your father, mother, friends,
enemies, informants and shop-your-ass-to-save-their-own supporters
say about you, reveal about you, lie about you, cover-up their own
evildoing, well, now.
No doubt, once the partially disclosed and redacted and doctored files
are in hand, nothing stops you from culling them, doctoring them,
fucking your tormentors by publishing your own version of FOIA/PA
as the law and courts encourage official and unofficial liars to do.
Admirable that Muckrock provides tutorials on how to do this, with
gobs of documentary evidence far exceeding Snowden team's
snow job.

@_date: 2015-08-14 12:25:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: anybody know what came of t-fish cult of the dead cows work? 
Good beginning of common knowledge, Sir Hettinga, do please continue
doxing the l0pht multi-layered spin-offs. A de-hirsuted facial recognition
diagram of the seedling's growth would be a swell calendar of naked
founding members of Boston CrypTea Party.

@_date: 2015-08-16 16:23:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Is https://cpunks.org CERT expired? 
Expired 8/14/2015. And NSA owns your memnyms and all ISIS's HTTPSs.

@_date: 2015-08-18 17:11:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA Spying Relies on AT&T'S "Extreme Willingness to Help" 
Law will always be bent to favor authorities, that is what law
does and why lawyers are given special protection and privileges
not given to the citizenry. What NSA, ATT, Cisco, Oracle, Microsoft,
RSA, Google, ISPs and the others have been doing, and will
continue doing, is completely legal and, if insistent, constitutional
(the ur law favoring natsec authorities), so it is misleading to claim
Mark Klein, like Snowden and most other leakers, has been co-opted
by lawyers, civil libertarians and wealthy donors to speak to their scripts.
If not, then to the poor house dogs.
Nothing wrong with being scriptedly misleading, that is what media
and law do to whatever raw remarks are handed, leaked, "Secure
Drop"-boxed to them ("at own risk of sources").
Nor anything misleading about promising strong encryption and
surefire cybersecurity, despite repeated failures, backtracks,
apologias, tweakings, full disclosures, that is what they do "because
the enemy does" and "we're doing the best we can." No, not national
defense grade protection, are you nuts, RTFM.
Nor is it misleading about civil liberty, privacy policy, anonymization,
open source, HTTPS, the current cipher-sec civil-lib kaboodle.
That is necessary for their survival in the marketplace. "That is
what competitors do and become rich at it, we're sick of being
middling strapped."
What might piss off a pristine, completely guiltless humanoid
coder is the brazen duplicity of the opponents of the NSA cartel,
the enjoyment of perks of being on both sides, wearing dual hats,
citizen-official, dissident-loyalist, open-closed, public servant raking
in high fees for duping the public about forever known-to-be-faulty
comsec, reneging on assurances, duo-dancing on pinheads at
comsec fora with mutually celebrated opponents, advising governments,
tesitfying for governments, taking government contracts, betraying
confidences, fork-tongues a flutter.

@_date: 2015-08-16 19:13:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA Spying Relies on AT&T'S "Extreme Willingness to Help" 
The NYT-Propublica is an informative and impressive release,
in many ways better than previous. It expands on the earlier
revelations (as the narratives state) with some overlap and filling
in gaps. A good sign the holders of the balance of the Snowden
dump are digging deeper and learning how convey a fuller picture
or at least a more enthralling one for the public while techologists
twiddle thumbs awaiting useful data to devise defenses. (A hint
from some Snowden withholders there may be handoffs to
technologists separate from the public. Schneier, Matthew
Green, a few other comsec wizards aiding publishers have
said as much.)
Hardly complete to be sure, with about 10% of the dump
published, with plenty of gaps indicated by jumps in narratives
and still too many redactions -- presumably the result of
consulting with officials as heretofore disclosed, or due to
Snowen's instructions about what to withhold, either to
"avoid national security harm" or in expectation US prosecutors
might be mollified in the negotiations for his return to the
Most frustratingly, details of the spying technology are
missing with emphasis still on slide shows and textual
summaries -- most likely to satisfy the public rather than
technologists at home and national opponents.
Jacob Appelbaum's and a few others releases of the
technology are the exception, civil liberties and lawful
issues remaining in the forefront of released documents
and much more so for the journalistic accounts.
It might be surmised that staying away from technology
disclosures and featuring 5-Eyes and partners prowess
and comprehensiveness of slides and text serves to
warn the enemy of what's in store without disclosing
information to defend against it.
In particular, Snowden's and associates harping on the
need for widespread, strong encryption use, even though
the documents show how the spies bypass it, undermine it,
use it for deception, implant backdoors in it (as well as in
chips, OSes, routers, nodes, cable stations, server farms,
teleco hubs, virtually everywhere in the global system as
shown in this latest release) should be taken as a warning
encryption is not the magic cape its proponents claim.
This suggests reliance upon encryption may be a decoy to
divert attention from other comsec protection, the old
CryptoAG ploy: The most trusted comsec the most
likely not.
The tremendous rush to market cybersecurity means and
methods for public consumption, combined with 5-Eyes
outreach to industry for means and methods to defeat
cybersecurity, is a wonderful paradox, albeit powerfully
stenching with treachery.
Whether Snowden is more of a hero to the public than to
5-Eyes and its partners is up for future historical debate.
Say 25-30 years ahead, about the time required for
full disclosure of the Snowden dump at the current rate of
release (to the public, not clear which wizards getting
early access are developing products, sales and industries
to capitalize on cybersecurity alarm, some most assuredly
are based on their inability to avoid bragging about being
consulted by government, industry, NGOs,, vulture capitalists,
and the usual speaker bureaus where wizards flog their

@_date: 2015-08-21 09:56:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Defcon slides 
Someone else got a 402. Good Housekeeping Mr Clean machines
do not get a 402.
Most likely the Kaspersky-Krebs-Schneier-TCMay-Muppets-
JPMorgan-In-Q-Tel-in-YourBox v.12 exploit is MiTM by DoD-BBG-Tor.
Pay the ransom. No BTC, Rai only.

@_date: 2015-08-23 10:43:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Truecrypt container hacked? 
Well said on skepticism of news reports concerning crypto, comsec,
infosec, natsec. Disinfo and deception are inherent in security and
survival, and best, most reliable, most trusted are typical tools of
misleading exploitation.
Where a single means and method, such as crypto (or science), is
encouraged for rock-solid assurance, at least one other means and
methods should be employed which in no way depends upon the
single means. Hoodwink wins by cheating.
A single means is certain to be continously under attack, and its
vulnerabilities concealed both by the attackers and by the promoters.
Blind faith in a single means is as old as religion, art and royalty, perhaps
as old as humans faced with unending threats from nature and
mortality -- and most of all from each other's thieving and murderous
practices. Duplicity and con-jobs were essential, along with bigger
clubs and rocks, voodoo and faux-virgin sacrifices -- ISIS hardly
different, except more modest and sane and much less wealthy,
than Los Alamos, The Vatican, JP Morgan, Ashley Madison,
Silicon Valley and the IC all fostering blind faith in their own
advertising of rockefeller-st-peter-approved STD protection.
Some HTTPS Everywheres lately have been advertising encryption
and HTTPS as condoms to protect against Internet STD, aka privacy
rape. Peddlers of these hygienics are surely donors to the of Church
of Crypto whose priests do enjoy the pleasures of insider hoo-haa.

@_date: 2015-09-15 22:47:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: JYA and Cryptome Keys Compromised 
Sure, once we have better grasp of what happened. Wanted to
get an alert out quickly to warn off users.

@_date: 2015-09-15 19:04:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JYA and Cryptome Keys Compromised 
Hash: SHA256
15 September 2015
I have learned today that all PGP public keys of John Young
 and Cryptome  have been
The keys have been revoked today.
Two new keys have been generated today:
John Young 15-0915  0xD87D436C
Cryptome 15-0915  0x8CD47BD5
This message is signed by the first.

@_date: 2015-09-15 19:04:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] JYA and Cryptome Keys Compromised 
Hash: SHA256
15 September 2015
I have learned today that all PGP public keys of John Young
 and Cryptome  have been
The keys have been revoked today.
Two new keys have been generated today:
John Young 15-0915  0xD87D436C
Cryptome 15-0915  0x8CD47BD5
This message is signed by the first.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-09-15 22:39:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] [cryptography] JYA and Cryptome Keys Compromised 
Correct analysis. First was get out a prompt notice to wave off users,
then proceed with other authentications. Toughest problem is how to
avoid another compromise of new keys since so many ways to do
that have arisen and/or suspected over the life of PGP and other
systems. WoT is problematic too, as are key signing parties, and
so on. Other systems claim to be better, and we are using some of
them, waiting and watching and suspecting are the lessons learned
from stalwart testbed PGP in all its guises and disguises.
We likely would not have discovered the compromises if not for
those lessons.
Nor do we mind starting from scratch, perhaps a bit more often
than 11 years. Tornados do happen out side alleys of easy
prediction (this is not a cyphersec sales motto).

@_date: 2015-09-17 11:12:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JYA and Cryptome Passphrase Are Secure 
Hash: SHA256
JYA and Cryptome passphrases are secure. Plaintext discovered
not related to Cryptome, with alternative to decrypt: original not

@_date: 2015-09-17 11:12:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] JYA and Cryptome Passphrase Are Secure 
Hash: SHA256
JYA and Cryptome passphrases are secure. Plaintext discovered
not related to Cryptome, with alternative to decrypt: original not
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-09-19 11:50:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Key Compromise Related to Architectural Work Not Cryptome 
Nobody sane has ever met JYA, just not possible. But several cpunks
and USG officials have. But none of those use PGP after learning
what precludes sanity and is replaced with blind faith in the math when
crypto is implanted.
GPG is further down the wormhole of instability.
As RH pithed on PRZ's shoes: children of code-cobblers have none.

@_date: 2015-09-18 10:57:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Key Compromise Related to Architectural Work Not Cryptome 
Hash: SHA256
18 September 2015
Key compromise is related to our architectural work on NYC No. 7
Subway Line Extension, recently opened. Project had hundreds of
designers from around the world with access to files. Security of
the project is primary and its design is not public. Extent of
subway system security and file protection is restricted to
need to know.
JYA and Cryptome passphrases remain secure. Key revocation done
for caution.

@_date: 2015-09-18 10:57:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Key Compromise Related to Architectural Work Not Cryptome 
Hash: SHA256
18 September 2015
Key compromise is related to our architectural work on NYC No. 7
Subway Line Extension, recently opened. Project had hundreds of
designers from around the world with access to files. Security of
the project is primary and its design is not public. Extent of
subway system security and file protection is restricted to
need to know.
JYA and Cryptome passphrases remain secure. Key revocation done
for caution.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-09-05 22:43:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Hackers spent at least a year spying on Mozilla to discover =?iso-8859-1?Q?Firefox_security_hole 
Every upgrade of Mozilla (and all browsers) has diminished security
and increased ads and user profiling.
Sites which nag visitors to upgrade to latest versions are complicit.
So too are ad blockers and security promoters part of the racket.
Unceasing program upgrades, nagging and underwriting hacking
security panic are Silicon Valley-Alley fracking. No surprise that
FVEY capitalizes on the eagerness to cooperate against Net
Man in the Machine about Jobs hardly scratches the surface,
complicit too in the hawking of cyber derring do in the Era of
Snowden Without Harming the US: "Be sure to use encryption,"
Jobs would applaud that planned parenthood documentrary.

@_date: 2015-09-10 17:47:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: politicopunks@cpunks.org 
A list about assassination politics means and methods advancing
and implementing the original could lead to a round-up of those with
too few degrees of separation since 1992.

@_date: 2015-09-10 10:41:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: politicopunks@cpunks.org 
If its only about politics, why add to the monotonous brain-rot drivel.
Cypherpunks list covers politics and everything else, without
chopping up into marked-up and branded packages: politics,
civil liberties, NSA, crypto, privacy, online diddly. each with its
own political agenda, lobbyists, PACs, Dear Leaders, bribery,
followers, deranged oligarchs. Sure, cypherpunks suffers from
the same diseases as politics but, praise the holy founders,
suffers them all at once, not piecemeal, so develops anti-bodies
for all of them, to send the worms and germs to fight it out on
monodrone-weakened corpuses.
Finally, last two hours of a question soon over, cypherpunks
has gone through a long list of failures due to politics rising to
the surface as if that's all there is worth cut-throating about.
Offshoots have been set up to avoid politics as a topic, or
some other forbidden fruit iconizing a moderator's tits and ads.
 From those cpunk-siphoning Ashley Madisons have come weirdly
deformed creatures and mindsets, missing some capabilities,
overloaded with others -- evolving into the frankensteins of
secretkeeping, thematic dwarfs and thuggish giants, you might
say, like politicians and their sharks, press agents, campaign
and polling leeches determined and amply paid to make
politics the premier gobbler of subscribers' beliefs and fellow
soldiers of murderous religion.

@_date: 2015-09-14 19:40:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: John McAfee Runs For US President In 2016 Under Cyber Party 
The entire Hofstadter "The American Political Tradition"
 (420 pp, 35MB)

@_date: 2015-09-09 12:21:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: How Putin Controls the Internet and Popular Opinion in Russia 
This from the journalists who check with USG before publishing Snowden
documents as Snowden allegedly requires "to avoid harm to the US."
Fingerpointing at Putin is obligatory for those working the Broadcasting
Board of Governors propaganda beat.
The Internet as an unprecedented global spying and propaganda machine
has been long noted and carefully exploited by all varieties of spies and
media -- used by all governments, but by US first and foremost.
For a few years the Information Highway was perceived as a marvelous
invention for public education and discourse, even a whiz-bang tool for shaping
politics and government, empowering the citizenry. Was long before it
was understood to be a gov-com-edu-org hegemon siphoning user data
indiscriminately, some openly, some secretly.
Encryption has been advocated to maintain citizen privacy and security. That
too has been exposed as illusory, but die-hard security promoters will not
sacrifice reputation and profits for perpetuating the notion that reliable
infosec and comsec are "the best we can do, don't expect absolute
security." Meanwhile continuting to rig standards and products to fit
USG contracting requirements. Keeping up with these requirements is
a top requirement for benefiting from official secrets.
Still unrevealed by Snowden is what he did as CIA IT employee for many
years before a few months deep undercover NOC as an NSA contractor.

@_date: 2015-10-23 15:52:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptography's Role in Securing the Information Society, May 2, 1996 
Some will remember this Clinton administration handling of cryptography,
and now its recycling of threats and assurances by Obama.
Cryptography's Role in Securing the Information Society, May 2, 1996
Cryptome's first publication, scanned hardcopy, NRC displeased.

@_date: 2015-10-20 10:36:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WikiLeaks of "spying related" to its Cryptome search is click bait 
Caution: WikiLeaks of "spying related" to its Cryptome search is click bait
to garner user data. No salute for misleading hype.

@_date: 2015-10-17 13:16:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Re: Cryptome Mail List Messing 
Related to, coordinated with, Wikipedia's recently revised Cryptome entry to favor biased and erroneous items in a aggressive Cryptome attack sanctioned by the site editors.
Related to, coordinated with, Wikipedia's recently revised Cryptome entry
to favor biased and erroneous items in a aggressive Cryptome attack
sanctioned by the site editors.
you should publicly announce
ypur suspicions. the Streisand effect make take effect
On Oct 16, 2015 4:16 PM, "John Young"
Somebody is attempting to take over, mess with or take down
the mail list. Remain amused if weirdness appears in your
Suspect(s) has been logged by Freelists host.
This is not from a suspect but might be similar.

@_date: 2015-10-12 00:21:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: ***SPAM*** Re: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying customers? 
They are indeed that. Requests languor unanswered.
Nowadays standard business practice, off-shore no longer
reliable either. Just don't respond. Get bought out by
Web.com and slowly disappear after handing over decades
of user data for exploitation. The Apple future, or maybe
present if hobnobbing with US and CN leaders give a

@_date: 2015-10-07 19:22:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Axe Campaigne Oral History 
Oral history of Howard Campaigne, NSA-OH-20-83, not among those released yesterday, from June 2014. Scratch it.

@_date: 2015-10-07 18:33:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Releases 21 Oral History Interviews 
21 oral history interviews released by NSA 6 Oct 2015 (1,552 pp)
 (46MB)
21 oral history interviews released by NSA 6 Oct 2015 (1,552 pp)
 (46MB)
 x-mac-type="4A504547"; x-mac-creator="4A565752"
Content-ID: <7.1.0.9.0.20151007142810.01d23120

@_date: 2015-10-16 10:21:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50, 000, 000 
Cryptome's offer to sell itself and logs for the amount Omidyar
is tax writing off  at The Intercept, and skying the donation for its archive
to the weekly stipend of top Snowden exploiters, is a parody of
what highly-profitable web sites like e-Bay, ISPs, equipment, program
and cybersecurity peddlers, and net operators and overseers are doing.
Access, traffic and transaction logs are ginned, sorted, stored, munged,
manipulated, sold, stolen, and more, all along the many packeting, hops,
boosts, diversions, conversions, hand-offs to various devices of the route
from user to destination. End point of user and the destination is merely
one bit of data, well, two bits, with gobs of bits quietly being gobbled
elsewhere, camouflaged by the delusion of privacy policies, anonymization,
and website log deletion or never ginning logs.
Cryptome has no logs, never has. Its various ISPs have copious logs of
many kinds (not just the simplistic access logs meant to delude website
operators), along with all the other transceivers of visitor activities and
transaction metadata and metametadata.
Cryptome has never run a server, just buy the service. We do track our
ISPs' activities and through them the ganglia of the Internet to see what
happens to our files.
Voracious bots have always been the heaviest users of Cryptome, siphoning
files hourly, daily, monthly, then providing them to users at other locations
to gin their own families of data for sale to govs, coms, edus, banks,
investigators, investors.
Google, Bing, Internet Archive, Torrent, drops, govs, spies, academics,
researchers, cyberseckers, take, steal actually (as do we), Internet files
for their own use which is primarily to gather data on users, the precious
jewels of the Internet which underwrite its so-called free service.
Public benefit aggregators like Internet Archive, Wikipedia, Google
docs, universities, NGOs, are the prime abusers of visitor data, both
to their websites and by special privilege of advising visitors on how
to protect their privacy while being pickpocketed of personal data.
Cybersecurity con artists are as bad by deluding their visitors and
customers about how to protect themselves with encryption, Tor,
anonymization, OTR, secret chats, deep web, blah, blah. All these
con artists gin their own logs of trusting-users data, then either
hand it over to authorities, sell it covertly, share with cohorts
and standards orgs, write papers and give speeches soliciting
customers, testify in Congress and courts, inform grand juries,
cut plea bargains, brag about resisting NSLs, set up warrant
canaries, share tips with donors and investors, yadda, yadda,
do donate generously, but best, generate taxable income,
tax write-offs, never-ending war, paranoia and FUD.
Cryptome has no privacy or security policy to deceive visitors, and
periodically announce that, and warn not to trust us or any other
website, especially those which advocate HTTPS, anonymization,
privacy, security and crow about civil liberties and public benefit.

@_date: 2015-10-15 04:32:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50,000,000 
Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50,000,000.
Authentic Cryptome Archive for $10,000.   Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50,000,000.
Authentic Cryptome Archive for $10,000.

@_date: 2015-10-15 04:32:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50, 000, 000 
Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50,000,000.
Authentic Cryptome Archive for $10,000.   Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50,000,000.
Authentic Cryptome Archive for $10,000.

@_date: 2015-10-19 17:42:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] WikiLeaks Hosts Cryptome with Search 
WikiLeaks Hosts Cryptome with Search
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-10-20 01:01:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WikiLeaks is not hosting Cryptome, search service only 
Clarify: WikiLeaks is not hosting Cryptome, instead a search service
which points to Cryptome site files. Mighty helpful.

@_date: 2015-10-20 01:01:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] WikiLeaks is not hosting Cryptome, search service only 
Clarify: WikiLeaks is not hosting Cryptome, instead a search service
which points to Cryptome site files. Mighty helpful.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-10-02 14:35:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Snowden on the Twitters 
Common spy tradecraft to exploit most popular and trusted comsec,
bemoan going dark, wheedle more funding, accuse blood on hands
of traitors, announce soothing adjustments to correct over-reach,
reward those who find bugs and disclose errors by zealous insiders,
issue presidential executive orders, hold hearings, sick IGs onto
the unfortunate, rejiggle court and congressional oversight, appoint
replacement leaders, quietly fund researchers and NGOs to air
dirty laundry, solicit views of outside experts, launch campaigns
to falsely confess the truth of accusations and promise to clean
up the filth of national security predation, contamination, waste and profit,
bring on board as consultants or specially skilled to aid the inept
insiders who are overworked, underpaid, under-appreciated,
excuse those who leave the inside to reap fabulous rewards on
the outside, enhance the devilish torment of FOIA compliance.
hire ever smarter and sleazier press representatives from among
those most vocal in opposition but ready for making a deal either
directly or through speaking, teaching an director-ship gigs funded
by benefactors of official contract and tax benefit largesse.
Comsec and crypto cult endures these ups and downs, mostly
dirty, craven, deceptive, unscrupulous, duplicitous, sanctimonious,
secretive, paranoid, greedy, privileged -- come on, dear public, just
see they are evil on your behalf and neither they or the public would
have it any other way.
Security fig leafs -- bibles, cathedrals, forts, laws of war, free
markets, democracies, encryption --  are obligatory to pretend the
devil is not our deity. HTTPS is as believable and lucrative as
indulgences of the Middle Ages, or sickle and hammer, cross,
crescent, fit bit, smart cities.

@_date: 2015-10-01 11:23:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Snowden on the Twitters 
HTTPS has become a fetish, maybe always was. It serves as an end point fig leaf,
simulates privacy and infosec, but does not protect visitors from the full stream of
access to their traffic end to end. Same for shallow, exculpatory privacy policy
always "taken very seriously" laughingly. So encryption and anonymization provide
decorous couture of genitals while leaving the rest bare assed.
Web sites are insecure by the very design of the Internet which allows operators
and administrators full access to traffic "so it can be maintained properly." That
is policed and spied behind misleading signs of safety like HTTPS and privacy
policy. Every web site operator knows this and keeps it quiet to avoid scaring
away visitors. So they adopt the latest fig leafs and earnestly promote them
as essential while hacking and spying predators continue to ravage the Internet
as if the planet was created for the benefit of warmakers and their engineers
and suppliers.

@_date: 2015-10-01 11:05:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Snowden on the Twitters 
Snowden is to be pitied for believing giving material to the press to do with
what it likes is a victory.
Giving all material to the press for its mediation, interpretation and
monetization, as well as consulting with representatives of government
on what to publish, hardly changes the status quo of representative, rather
than direct democracy.
Snowden and the press are complicit in withholding the alleged material
he took, even now the public does not know and may never know what
that material consists of. The soup has been contaminated by editorial
selection, redaction and interpretation. That may be inevitable with the
sordid process the press calls leaking ("wikileaks" compounds the falsity
of censorious and editorially regulated pubic participation -- wiki -- and
exploitive, biased, corrupt, dramatized disclosure -- leaks).
Withholding material by self-empowered representatives, whether Snowden
or the press, self-regulating lawyers, stock peddlers and other professionals,
is a variation on official secrecy by which secret keepers pad their income
and perks so long as they abide the cult of secrecy. All this has been
done in the Snowden affair, as well as Ellsberg's. Those who don't
abid the cult go to jail, or ruined financially, or stigmatized for life.
Even now the representatives of the government, NGOs ACLU, EFF, MSM
and Freedom of the Press are negotiating a deal for Snowden for his return
to the US, following the Ellsberg precedent. The USG appears to be willing
to make a deal with all sides claiming victory "for the people." When such
deals are primarily beneficial to the secretkeepers and interpreters and
judges of what the public is allowed to know while "protecting national
Finally, cpunks was founded, and may still, to advocate and demonstrate
an alternative to paternalistic, covertly royalist and militarily and spying
tyrannical, representative government. Phil Zimmermann called his PGP,
Tim May called his version Cryptoanarchy, Jim Bell called his Assassination
Politics, others called theirs financial, black net, anonymization, wikileaks,
and a slew of variations (see Wikipedia for those). Fortunately quite few
avoided naming and publicizing their alternatives to minimize being tagged
as traitors and worse -- those remain quietly virulent, albeit some were
snatched by governments to be insiders and informants.
Insiders and informants have always been welcomed on this list. This to
avoid the venal corruption of secrecy, asymmetrical exploitation of leaders
over followers, and the crippling narcotic of believing public interest is the
same as privileged party interest, and worse, that the concomitant rewards
of being somebody publicized is superior to being out of sight working
hard to undermine archies of all stripes -- oligarchy of the Omidyar type
currently underwriting the Snowden sweettalking of NGO field bosses
overseeing booty distribution handsomely paid by tax write-offs.
As Snowden tweets, he's a director at Freedom of the Press. That is,
still among the privileged insiders of loyal opposition. As here.

@_date: 2015-10-08 17:28:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The GCHQ Cryptome slide could be a mockup/disinfo 
Mike Best should keep digging, hardly scratched the surface of yards
way too fenced by secrecy.

@_date: 2015-10-08 10:23:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome has been leaking its user logs for over a year 
We've encouraged Best to continue doing what he is doing after using Cryptome
as a platform, counsel and source of information. He did set up a website, did
mirror the Cryptome archives, did do further research and announce it widely
and has picked a fight with several parties, complained of mistreatment,
censorship, abuse, exposed collateral innocent (ha!) parties.
We also told Best log files are the dirtiest secret of the Internet, none are
secure, none private, none singular, admins and websites lie about using
them, exploiting them, deleting them, needing them, stealing them, accusing
about them, inflating them, rigging them. They pay for the Net, thus not ever
going away or kept secure.
So Best is going in the tried and true direction, many others have staggered.
And if determined he will avoid depending on anybody for support. More power
to the asshole, welcome to the world of disputatious assholes, cypherpunks,
the Internet, the planet.
Brave new growth to kill off the cowardly old.
Praise and support controls, don't seek it or succumb to it. Enjoy fucking
yourself, Best, to entertain audiences. Cheers and keep at it.

@_date: 2015-10-07 21:50:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Cryptome has been leaking its user logs for over a year 
This is a campaign by Best to tout his newbie spy skills. Good luck on getting a job, we say.

@_date: 2015-10-12 00:15:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying customers? 
Shared is cheap, so are we. Shared is vuln, so are we. So are the others
despite credentials and billion-dollar armaments and above all else
secrecy and shallow oversight. That explains it.

@_date: 2015-10-11 23:52:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying customers? 
NetSol is a bundle of contradictions, the essence of ISPs.
We have always logged the actions of our ISPs and their ISPs,
upstream and downstream, services and support, security and vulns.
So too mail lists, SM, chats, as instructed by this forum and its many
offshoots working all sides, warning of perfidy to hide perfidy.
Check those links we posted about how the spies work this fertile
terrain of paranoia and over-confidence, feeding the wired and wireless
news machine, advertisers and officials, now cybersecurity being
ratcheted up to WMD level. Coders as glamorous as physicists.
Nobels and MacArthurs acoming. And the opportunist anti-coders
smelling the coffee of protests. Cryptographers facing the opprobrium
of WMD-makers when the public grasps what fools they have been
taken for through the same old scam, public protection requires
ever greater national secrecy among the select. Unbreakable crypto
then declared illegal everywhere, and only cryptographers know
what unbreakable means: smoke and mirrors, lots of mirrors.

@_date: 2015-10-11 21:03:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Re: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying customers? 
25 February 2014. Related: GCHQ Full-Spectrum Cyber Effects:
 24 February 2014. Related: GCHQ Online Deception:
 GCHQ DISRUPTION Operational Playbook:
 29 January 2014. Related: GCHQ Squeaky Dolphin Psychological Operations:
 4 March 2012. Precursor to this sabotage, OSS Sabotage of Organizations:
 25 February 2014. Related: GCHQ Full-Spectrum Cyber Effects:
 24 February 2014. Related: GCHQ Online Deception:  GCHQ DISRUPTION Operational Playbook:  29 January 2014. Related: GCHQ Squeaky Dolphin Psychological Operations:
 (18MB) 4 March 2012. Precursor to this sabotage, OSS Sabotage of Organizations:

@_date: 2015-10-11 16:28:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ubiquitous AWStats Not the Worst 
Presumably cybersec wizards have warned about the ubiquity
of AWStats and access log files online, or maybe not, just quietly
exploit them. There are hundreds of thousands listed on Google's.
tip of the iceberg.
Beyond the simplistic AWStats and access logs to snapshot traffic
for the amateur pryer, peddler and peeper, there are those which log
much more about visitors' behavior, desires, secrets, hook-ups, adulteries,
informing, cheating, avoiding, perambulating among personal device
records, types and models of equipment, passwords, attempts to
anonymize, encrypt, hide, evade.
Search engines, social media, TLAs, archives, drops, clouds, server
farms, corporations, NGOs, AVs, Gorgon-headed bots, heavily-followed
and handsomely paid Schneier-Mitnick-grade global traveling gov-advising
security entrepreneurs are hardly alone in aggregating users nonchalant
share of data for those running their own Amazons of quick supply to
media, advertisers, spies, govs, invest vultures, In-Q-Tel, oligarchs,
and to swap with others operating in rogue nations and below and
beyond the superficial Dark web.
Presumably there is material in the Snowden dump, or withheld by
Snowden to "not harm national security," which shows the great range
of data available for grabbing, manipulating, exploiting, bargaining,
ransoming, doctoring, pre-positioning, threatening, monetizing,
shaping economic and political policies. And what similar holdings
are held by the opposition in a stand-off of first use of digital
mutual destruction.

@_date: 2015-10-11 23:19:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: why we need more cryptome mirrors, in all corners 
And, best, no pun, every mirror unique and as flawed as their
makers, like none other, especially differing from the source
and its makers. Mirrors are mirrors, like originals, are always
illusory and evermore changing and degrading -- with crypto
and comsec and infosec.
Archives, drops, mirrors, crypto, USBs, AWstats, leaks, Wiki
fools gold. This forum a grain of a great Sahara. From these
grains mirrors of mirrors of mirrors. Forsoothed Alice to
narcissistic Bob.

@_date: 2015-10-12 00:06:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Nominee officers and directors (was: Why cryptome sold web logs...) 
We welcome NSLs, tango downs, malware, shutdowns, DMCA demands,
hacks, official visits and warnings, fingerpointing and accusations, subpoenas,
and indictments. If happened, published. No indictments, yet.
"Bluffs will be published if comical but otherwise ignored."
Our geriatric blurb:
Cryptome welcomes documents for publication that are prohibited by
governments worldwide, in particular material on freedom of expression,
privacy, cryptology, dual-use technologies, national security, intelligence,
and secret governance -- open, secret and classified documents -- but
not limited to those. Documents are removed from this site only by order
served directly by a US court having jurisdiction. No court order has ever
been served; any order served will be published here -- or elsewhere
if gagged by order. Bluffs will be published if comical but otherwise

@_date: 2015-10-16 14:54:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Re: Truth teller or Truthiness? 
Assange began hacking under the name Mendax (from Horace's splendide mendax: "nobly untruthful").
That was Julian's teeny-bop spy parody proto-Hebdo. Slyer wit now with middle-aged foreign
affairs pedantry. Endless war askance a pension plan.
Assange began
hacking under the name Mendax (from
Horace's splendide
mendax: "nobly untruthful"). That was Julian's teeny-bop spy parody proto-Hebdo. Slyer wit now with
middle-aged foreign affairs pedantry. Endless war askance a pension plan.
You know what, John: you're
right. It doesn't matter what Mendax calls you. Some of us
have placed you in that category all on our own.
Recent events would not have been quite as alarming, otherwise.

@_date: 2015-10-16 10:33:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Truth teller or Truthiness? 
WikiLeaks self-promotional honorifics are humorously manipulative
like any other prize, award, condescending media campaign.
Indignant smears are beneficial: Don't trust Cryptome or John Young.

@_date: 2015-10-16 15:09:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: 'unsub from cryptome ml' 
Simple bounce from a non-member submission. Usually as a cc of cpunks messages.
Axe the cryptome ml cc on responses.

@_date: 2015-10-16 23:00:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Ecartis command results: unsubscribe 
If not distrusted, hated and vilified, try harder. This forum exists
for honing Machiavellian malevolency. If praise, trust and fruitful
discussion is desired (as once available in higher ed of Readers
Digest Life in These United States, but no more), SEO elsewhere,
then when abused, misled, cold-cocked, rejected and dispirited
by bullying intolerance, sneak back under newly minted nym, try
even harder to piss on Hettinga's celebrity high-stepping patent
leather Keds.

@_date: 2015-10-22 15:33:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: State of the art in malware owning human? 
National security religion current world malware leader. Consecrated
in 1947, fastest spreading global cult of carnage fed by stupendous
growth of spying and armaments industries. Bloodthirsty, vicious,
insane with maximum killing machines against infidels who refuse to
tithe, obey, excuse, honor and applaud worst earth and human destructors
ever. Nobody exempt from sacrifice at the altar of stand-off scripture of
privileging laws and economics. And condoned by gutless humor,
idiotic cynicism, flacid critique.
This Halloween lick the spookily sacred Arlington gravestones, the
spooky stars on the sacrificial hero wall.
"Amen, inshallah, fuck you, me, the leering pumpkins and off."  - Anon

@_date: 2015-10-25 21:31:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: mailing list etiquette violators list 
All of the originals are stego, ambitiously stego'd large
twice, and continuing with every message. Insert stego
here, ridicule and forward hollowing like a monkey
with tiny balls, to Slashdot, Reddit, 4chan, Wayback,
Google, Snowden, Manning, WikiLeaks, Il Papa, Wailing
Wall, SecureDrop Honey Pot.
cc, bcc, spam, sock puppet, cloud, gameboy, slop it.

@_date: 2015-10-29 17:58:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks is broken - Welcome to Secret Admirers 
Cypherpunks has produced a slew of offsprings who are confident
the parents have been surpassed, are feeble, ghosts of their once
own offsprings of offsprings of offsprings. Some have become
mules unable to offspring so bray at one another neuteredly, some
tote-packing jackasses for secretkeepers, some little horses in a
geek carnival DEFCON, one a jester performing for food, bed
and hookup in a banana republic's UK squat, another raising wild
pussies on a hilltop armed to the gizzard against PETA warriors,
several offshore heroined and drunk in hot tubs of rotgut financial
shenanigans, others on a mechanical island harassed by EU
revenuers and algorithmic mermaids, quite a few incarcerating
themselves in courtrooms pursuing phantasms of conquering
an NSA long out of date by new improved GQNSAFSB, half a
dozen are dead, dying, diseased or headphoned heads mounted
on mathematics college entablatures. One is a high official
in DoD cybercommand-panic to the max, a twin doing the
same for PRC. A small number of geezers continue to write
code, that is hire kids to do that, but mostly consult to crypto
cretinous corporations, suckle on NGO-tit extortions, deliver
commodious farts on the speaker circuit, the best and brightest
take long naps, buy weekly, monthly, yearly lap dances, search
Google for their names, spit and shit blood, shed hair and flesh,
burst into episodes of cackling obscure hashes in elliptic
circles. Eyes and minds dim and flicker, maws whimper,
broken teeth and code pukes down shirt fronts, dapper
David Kahn dances into darkening visions of splendid
failure, crooning No Such Agency to the solo female
cpunk whose name is legend.

@_date: 2015-11-24 10:53:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Rare Intelligent Yahoo article:   Not so rare stupid opinions by Hillary Clinton.   This time on 
Hillary Clinton Showed How the Government Still Doesn't Understand the Encryption Debate
This is the agreed upon script for national security, encryption, commerce,
education,politics,religion, since the Internet was invented and long before.
But neither safety nor privacy have been satisfactorily provided during the
time this script has been incessantly spoken, written, broadcast, legislated.
Crypto advocates as well as those for national security have conspired to follow
a script that both agree cannot be fulfilled. Edward Snowden is merely the
latest to preach this impossible dream so successful, lucrative and risk-free
by advocates and marketers of crypto and natsec.
None of the opportunistic companies and cryptographers marching in lockstep
to this script with authorities expect the dream to be realized, so they agree
to keep repeating the sales and dangerless script for doomed-to-fail national
security and encryption and then demand more funding and trust for better
Whether doomed to fail is deliberate to assure markets, media and lecture fees
could be debated, and will be debated, and is being debated. This debate
fosters the notion of opposition rather than complicity. As seen in the
Snowden affair, dribble non-threatening information, call for debate,
pretend risk-taking in consultation with authorities.
So Manning and Snowden and a few others are left hanging in the wind,
in jail, in exile. The smartest and least gullible are on the run, keeping away
from publicity and foolish leaking, avoiding honey pots of secure drops
and ratting to law enforcement and spies, and disbelieving anyone who
promotes and monetizes the script of safety and privacy. Nobody like
that is here nor on any fora on crypto and natsec suffused with tattletales,
fora run for that very purpose.

@_date: 2015-11-12 19:31:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Appeals Court Stayed: Re: Judge enjoins NSA to not collect metadata on attorney or his law firm. 
Judge Leon's opinion was published on November 9 and the Appeals stay
the next day.
 From the Appeals stay:
"ORDERED that the district court's order issued November 9, 2015, be stayed
pending further order of the court."
Judge Leon's opinion was published on November 9 and the Appeals
the next day.
 From the Appeals stay:
that the district courts order
issued November 9, 2015, be stayed
pending further order of the court."
The document url you cited, an
order by the District Judge, was dated the same day as "An appeals
court stayed the judge's order on 10 November 2015."
That would be a quick stay! Are we talking about the same
 Jim Bell
Sent: Thursday, November 12, 2015 8:35 AM
An appeals court stayed the judge's order on 10 November 2015.
DoJ filed 241 pages to win the stay:

@_date: 2015-11-08 10:51:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: [FORGED] Re: [FORGED] Re: UK To Ban Crypto In Devices, Email And More 
Analogy of learning to drive to learning crypto is pretty good privacy.
Extend that from needing a key, fob or fingerprint to start a vehicle
to needing a computer and a device, token, card, fingerprint, to
encrypt. Plug it in, encrypt begins, nothing else needed except
driver license, intelligence, vision, hearing, gasoline or battery,
safe roads, directional signs, fuel stations, cops, insurance,
anti-theft devices, annual inspection, license renewal, or when
disabled, poor or broke, terrified of mass killing excessive
vehicles, alternate means of encryption, like buses, trains,
aircraft, ships, taxis, limos, choppers, subways, balloons,
horses, feet and sidewalks while packing a gun, knife or
pepper spray for defense against predators, rapists, thieves,
rubber hoses, hackers, crackers, dopeheads.
But maybe a profession of encryption officers to encrypt for
the user, like lawyers, doctors, engineers and notaries, state
licensed for protection of customers, self-regulated because
nobody would know crypto like the pros, with a crypto system
like the justice and prison systems to assure accountability and
punishment for infraction. Would require outlawing crypto use
by anyone except a pro and official secretkeepers but, cereal
box DIY would be available. PKC would be banned as a state,
church and family offense, like kiddie porn and WMD.
Cryptographers would be venerated as high holies, sack clothed,
wild haired, slit-eyed, filthy, babbling, narcissitic jerks, abusively
sado-masochistic, panhandling, duplicitous, feared, contemptuous
of ordinary humans, ostracized, distrusted. Woe peddling obsessives.
Hmm, that last is the current faith in encryption religion. Could be
left as it is, isolated, ignored, ridiculed, tatooed with a Red C
on forehead.

@_date: 2015-11-20 16:04:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Paris Attacks Blamed on Strong Cryptography and Edward Snowden 
Very small number of cryptographers work outside of governments,
corporations, universities, their own companies, and NGOs,
invest in crypto ventures. Certainly none should work for free,
but as the cryptographers Key F1, you get the crypto you pay for.
And nobody gets anything as strong as the top official payers,
excupatory slogans are "don't expect military grade, don't expect
defiance of NSLs, do expect to be accused of faulty user
Some years ago strong free crypto was more plentiful than now, more
recently the smell of Starbucks crypto has become as irresistable as
Greenwald said of his Omidyar harem opportunity, or Mudge said of
DoD's: "give up free love, join our comsec escort service, be poor
no more!"
Public benefit crypto has become a luxury good by promoting commercial
producers who contribute to NGOs, excusing breaks and hacks of allegedly
highly reliable tools, and most certainly a capitalist allure to sell crypto as invulnerable (except for those irresistable search subpoenas),
not unlike public benefit journalism which wields a heavy redaction tool,
or for that matter public benefit education enslaved by donors in which
top salaries are earned by exploiting enthusiasts and urging crypto
like perfect teeth everywhere, especially sugar-rich clouds and IoT.
This dual-hatted corruptive stain has blemished civil liberties which
has also become a luxury good like ratty blue jeans and disfiguring tatoos.
ACLU, aong others, is totally prostituted by large salaries and oligarchish
self-congratulatory fetes. Terrorism has been highly beneficial to all
dancers in the persistent crypto balls where natsec advocates and
comsec opponents perform together like pols and journos at the
White House Correspondents shindig and worldwide lecture and
conference circuits.
Nostalgia of International Cryptography Freedom before the
luxury market took command by way of enduring comsec terror:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-11-19 12:04:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Paris Attacks Blamed on Strong Cryptography and Edward Snowden 
Pretty much the way most hominids do today. And will continue
to do the same way until crypto becomes normalized (if ever)
and less esoteric, cultish, obnoxious, condescending, vain,
whiney, excuse making. And above all these negative traits,
eager to sell products to authoritarians, governments, cults,
criminals, oligarchs, banks, gamblers, drug dealers, yadda.
Plenty of ways to avoid crypto as it has existed for its
very long history of serving the most evil, treacherous,
manipulative, deceptive, cheating, lying hominids on
earth and interstellar.
Crypto has a wretched history of helping a few harm millions.
Maybe it will change, but there has been a counter authority
of violence effort for only a couple of decades, and during
those decades the common practice of secretkeeping, lying
and cheating for crypto money making has grown even among
those loudly proclaiming the public benefits. PKC has indeed
enriched some, and others striving to get on that evil-doing
train of dual-hats and dual-use and dual-pontification.
As the NY Times said of John Brennan, hard to believe anything
crypto advocates have to say due to the far greater number of
crypto sleazeball hominids reaping rewards of aiding governments
than crypto hominid honorables aiding one another.
Spies and cryptographers spread secrets pox. Stay far away for good
health. Do not adopt that language everywhere.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-11-01 20:38:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The United States of Air (novel) free ebook 
The Covert Comic, long online (covertcomic.com), suggests
the need for an IC Comic, if for no other reason than to ridicule
those who claim urgent need to castigate the IC, a noble
consortium of 13 or more agencies of a classified number
of dedicated secretkeepers working tirelessly to protect
citizens of the United States of America from knowing what
the IC and its ever growing number of overseers, contractors,
universities, consultants, free-lancers and carefully coddled,
groomed and briefed media reps like those exploiting Edward
Snowden and the increasing gaggle of forever gagged
whistleblowers and ex-spies, actually do, not just the
glamorized spillage.
Spying is funny, peculiar, odd, insane, vain, treacherous, vicious,
all too human comedic.

@_date: 2015-11-03 18:20:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: UK To Ban Crypto In Devices, Email And More 
Excellent development if the bill is enacted. Should shatter the complacency
of crypto advocates and foster other means and methods now getting
short shrift due to the faith in crypto hyping and marketing -- and tons of
excuses why crypto has not been as effective as foreordained, blame
users, blame implementation, blame standards committees, blame spies,
blame legislators, blame certificate authorities, blame hardware, blame
insiders and outsiders, blame amateurs, blame backdoors, blame
venal marketers who sold out to authorities, blame duat hatters working
both sides of the porous divide, blame open and closed source, the
pile of excuses grows exponentially as money is heaped onto the
fire for burning through faster and faster. NSA has at least 191 colleges
on the take for information assurance studies, with more joining daily
to get while the getting is good, sending graduates to corporations,
institutes, NGOs, hack world, leak world, defy authority world as
evidenced here in this sacred site of tipped gravestones to cipher

@_date: 2015-11-12 16:35:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Appeals Court Stayed: Re: Judge enjoins NSA to not collect metadata on attorney or his law firm. 
An appeals court stayed the judge's order on 10 November 2015.
DoJ filed 241 pages to win the stay:
 (8.1MB)

@_date: 2015-11-28 22:49:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: cryptome-nov2015 
Cryptome disavows mirrors of its archive, all of them, due to ease
and evidence of tampering with files, hashes, signatures and insertion
of implants by the host, platform, route, service or all.
The archives should prominently display this disavowal and name the
archive "Cryptome-Disavows-This-Corrupt-Archive."

@_date: 2015-12-22 14:43:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Apple assures EU its crypto will be user-pleasing protection, with many LE bypasses 
Apple assures EU its crypto will be user-pleasing protection, with many LE bypasses.
Crypto world cheers essential duplicity. Many thanks to Edward Snowden. Apple assures EU its crypto will be user-pleasing protection, with many
LE bypasses. Crypto world cheers essential duplicity. Many thanks to Edward

@_date: 2015-12-21 12:04:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Normalized Spying is a Exculpatory Cover-Up 
Assange's claim spying is normalized merely parrots spies' long-advanced
propaganda which in turn parrots normalized siphoning, stealing and monetizing
information legitimated by nations, corporations, entrepreneurs, inventors,
criminal orgs, leak sites, media, archives, scholars, religions, "info freedom
fighters." Cpunk Dan Geer has elaborated on this, but hardly alone, like many,
like Assange, it's his job and future.
Assange knows that leaking is theft, as Geer knows spying is, just like hacking,
encryption, privacy, anonymization, aggregation, among other lucrative
Spy agencies (and universities, especially law and business schools) have
long taught the skills and practices of thievery, glorified in doctrinaire
justifications and immensely malleable laws.
NSA is funding dozens of universities to train digital thieves and crooks,
just like The Farm and military academies train villains to do dirty, work with impunity (unless kidnapped and beheaded, tortured and
disappeared, shot down and AK'd at home).
Corporations and NGOs hire these civilian and ex-spy-mil professional
villains to do evil and propagate legitimizing propaganda, advocate weak
crypto, false anonymity, and ludicrous privacy, run leak sites and secure
drops to encourage ambitious, gullible, avaricious participants like Manning
and Snowden to siphon and ravage, following the ignoble example of
nations cum global cartels cum freedom of the press and religion which
establish mutually beneficial exclusive treaties to ravage the less
Assange is right to cite normalized spying and leaking as a cloak to
excuse much worse. In that he is as normalized as we indignant
villains blaming competitors for what we pretend to regret having to
do with such pleasure.

@_date: 2015-12-10 14:37:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Satoshi Nakamoto introduces, discusses bitcoin Oct-Nov 2008 
Satoshi Nakamoto introduces, discusses bitcoin Oct-Nov 2008
 Satoshi Nakamoto introduces, discusses bitcoin Oct-Nov 2008

@_date: 2015-12-02 16:58:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome.biz (RU) not affiliated with Cryptome.org. 
Cryptome.biz, a Russian virtual currency site registered 25 November 2015,
is not affiliated with Cryptome.org.

@_date: 2015-12-02 16:58:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Cryptome.biz (RU) not affiliated with Cryptome.org. 
Cryptome.biz, a Russian virtual currency site registered 25 November 2015,
is not affiliated with Cryptome.org.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-12-23 16:00:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Museum Library has provided "Hagelin M-209 Cryptanalysis from Ciphertext Alone" 
NSA Museum Library has provided "Hagelin M-209 Cryptanalysis from Ciphertext Alone,"
Reeds, Ritchie, Morris, 1978.
NSA would not release it under FOIA, claiming it was a private paper.
Back story:
NSA Museum Library has provided "Hagelin M-209 Cryptanalysis from
Ciphertext Alone," Reeds, Ritchie, Morris, 1978. NSA would not release it under FOIA, claiming it was a private
Back story:

@_date: 2015-12-23 15:59:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA Museum Library has provided "Hagelin M-209 Cryptanalysis from Ciphertext Alone" 
NSA Museum Library has provided "Hagelin M-209 Cryptanalysis from Ciphertext Alone,"
Reeds, Ritchie, Morris, 1978.
NSA would not release it under FOIA, claiming it was a private paper.
Back story:
NSA Museum Library has provided "Hagelin M-209 Cryptanalysis from
Ciphertext Alone," Reeds, Ritchie, Morris, 1978. NSA would not release it under FOIA, claiming it was a private
Back story:

@_date: 2015-12-10 16:08:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Feinstein and Burr Writing Bill To Kill Crypto 
Kill metadata and other crypto-issue-overdone diversions.
Metadata and other crypto-workarounds resulted from the
crypto wars of the 1990s which were bragged to be won
rather than faked out.
The fake-out was orchestrated by some of the very same
crypto warriors claiming to be against gov-controlled crypto.
A way to identify them is to note who rose to prominence and
wealth in crypto com-edu-org. Still at it, ratcheting up the need
for ever more crypto, acknowledging the workarounds but, but,
but: Let's Encrypt, HTTPS-HTS everywhere, secure drops,
freedom of the press and courage foundations, Snowden
talks and tweets, FISC amicus curiea, POTUS and TLA advisories,
industry lobbyists, dual hats riding the crypto gravy train and
more likely, the subway out of sight.
The money and prestige to be gained by working all sides of
the crypto phony war is, as Greenwald crows of Omidyar's $250M
bribe, irresistable.
Crypto has always been a cheating game. Public key crypto even
more so -- open source vetting: math marked cards.

@_date: 2015-12-21 05:06:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] TheCthulhu / CthulhuSec to Cryptome 
Just call it "TheCthulhu Archive," or something other than Cryptome, then good to go.
Make many archives, many are being made, many more needed. All start by
and are sustained by thieving, like Wayback's, Google's, WikiLeak's, Manning's, CIA's, NSA's, In-Q-Tel's, LoC's, Cryptome's.
Mirrors, torrents, copies, siphoning, are tampering, rip-offs, fake goods. A long
tradition of that banditry. Note the offerings of this list, most of the Internet, all
of education, religion, law, the media.
"Respected repository of information," oh my, what a false honor presaging
a spit in eye. A dual hat locution worthy of ever-duplicitous cryptology.
Claims of authenticity, anonymity, updates, are pickpocketing, shysterism,
verily spy trade, inevitable tampering, cheating, deceiving.

@_date: 2016-01-13 19:56:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet 
Indeed, some cpunks advocate both arms and crypto personal offense
and defense, but many more set up crypto initiatives (promotional and
inventive) to distance themselves from those they considered harming
the public image of Encryption (Cryptoo to vulgar",  especially those who
marketed academic, commercial and above all governmental comsec
with the joys and financial rewards of moving among the three cash
bovines wearing cowboy hats and chaps, sporting shaved faces and
skulls, trimmed beards and hair, tatoos and dongles, or ultra-chic hybrids
of all, to match the well-dressed opportunities fronted by gaggles of
natsec-cum-privacy oriented NGOs, press and press-agents eager to
advise, teach and crypto-party to the world's natsec-privacy combo
Sign on by just repeating technology will figure out how to do the
combo -- by cheating and deception, rigging standards, relishing
NDAs and secretkeeping while faking canaries and openness.

@_date: 2016-01-12 11:24:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: US Pres. Cand. Marco Rubio Comes Out For Surveillance State, Bashes Snowden 
This is how everyone talks after being "read into" secretkeeping
conditions, no matter what they said before then.
After a few years of abiding these conditions, a few begin to send
canary cheeps about needing less secrecy and more openness
but do not go back across that one-way in, no way out border -- for life,
as a primary condition to being read into.
A much smaller number go across the red line of secretkeeping
but become hounded -- for life -- as traitors, or worse. That is also
a condition of being read into the black-hearted world (with corollary
These conditions are described in secrecy agreements. At some
point, all presidential candidates are read into secretkeeping or are
advised to speak as though they have.
What this diabolism has led to is a large enterprise worldwide of liars
and dissimulators, leaks, fake leaks, spy stories, gov-com-org spying
and secretkeeping revolving door industry, led by and enforced by
the three branches and their like worldwide.
This world is georaphically borderless but has a near impenetrable border
at the edge of secretkeeping.
There is, as customary of secretkeeping, gulags for violators populated
with pseudo-violator implants to keep track of miscreants who must
be held to a high standard of obedience. repentance and reeducation,
indefinitely, to embrace and intenralize pantopticonic self-censorship,
to speak and behave dissimulatively, ambivalently, duplicitously.
Whistleblower organizations is one type of implanted gulag. Others are
legal, financial and political support systems for whistleblowers and those
wishing to whistleblow, leak, violate oaths, ignore NDAs.
Entrapment of prospective whistleblowers is facilitated by the press
which relishes its privivleges not available to the whistleblower.
El Chapo got hoodwinked by "journalist" Sean Penn, as Snowden
was, as Manning was, as was Sterling, Kiriakou, Brown, Hammond --
the list is getting longer thanks to the perfect entrapment and tracing
device, digital technology.
It will be interesting to see what the great human flood borderless
immigrants will lead to, by that is meant the cellphone seduction
operation, the vast array of cell antennas currently visible for easy
attack, digitally and physically but hardly as easy pickings as
cellphones themselves spying, informing, guiding the Rubios and

@_date: 2016-01-12 23:43:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet 
And Intel, Sun and Grateful Dead sponsoring cpunks.

@_date: 2016-01-12 23:39:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet 
There are indeed similarities of the crypto advocacy crowd with
advocates of guns, which figures because both are classified
as munitions and serve similar purposes.
Gun control could be linked to crypto control, and some cpunks,
in early days at least, emphasized the parallel. "My cold dead hands"
was invoked for gun self-protection and passphrase for privacy
Other parallels can be seen between cryptographers and weapons
manufacturers pursuing commercial, governmental and user
markets with sales pitches tuned to each category. Dual use
an essential feature, duplicity and dual hats too.
Could be more coming in regulation of cryptographers like gun
manufacturers and dealers. And best, the black market and
underground and warfare tools merchants and of course
informants and betrayers.
Licensed crypto is already at hand througn chips, devices,
algos, OSes and not a few deceptive insertions and implants
emplaced while argument about the crypto war diverts attention.
More crypto cops, overt and covert, sure, why not, that has been
around for a while, almost surely from the beginning of crypto
not to say cpunks and the cryptography lists.

@_date: 2016-01-12 21:28:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet 
Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet
Via Henry Baker, Cryptography List

@_date: 2016-01-12 21:28:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet 
Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet
Via Henry Baker, Cryptography List
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-01-22 19:53:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Spy-by-Crypto 
DIRNSA said at Atlantic Council on 21 January that NSA spying ("intelligence")
and information protection (IAD) to be meshed. Separation not suitable for
current requirement.
Outside partners to aid dual tech: spy-by-crypto.

@_date: 2016-01-22 19:53:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA Spy-by-Crypto 
DIRNSA said at Atlantic Council on 21 January that NSA spying ("intelligence")
and information protection (IAD) to be meshed. Separation not suitable for
current requirement.
Outside partners to aid dual tech: spy-by-crypto.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-01-14 17:51:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Re: US State Of New York to Ban Encrypted Screenlocked Phones and Devices 
If crypto follows the gun model, there will be a lucrative business
bringing crypto-phones into New York. That will follow the US
crypto marketers flooding the globe through immensely flexible
export controls favoring the most criminal leaders kept in
power with US armaments.
In the end, New York is so deeply corrupted, legally and
illegally as Europe Asia Africa Anartica, the crypto controls
will be as great a business as controls on money, taxes,
sex, medicine, religion, education, sports, natsec, above
all, justice.

@_date: 2016-01-13 23:21:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: US State Of New York to Ban Encrypted Screenlocked Phones and Devices 
"New York can and should lead the nation in protecting its citizens, and
in responding to the misguided and dangerous attempts by digital device
manufacturers to turn digital devices into virtual safes that, being
beyond the reach of law enforcement, are havens for criminals.  Revela-
tions in the recent past about NSA surveillance and similar government
intrusions on privacy have made people acutely aware of threats to their
privacy. The goal of this bill is not to limit peoples' privacy.
Peoples' privacy is protected by the warrant requirement, as it always
has been. This bill would help to protect all New Yorkers."
We Love New York

@_date: 2016-02-29 22:24:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Judge Orenstein denies USG motion to compel Apple decrypt 
Judge Orenstein denies USG motion to compel Apple decrypt.
This is older case than that in California but similar issues.

@_date: 2016-02-28 10:54:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Natseckers 
DoJ is required to cloak NSA-CIA capabilities by pretending full sharing
does not take place. Redacted and excluded filings and decisions by DoJ,
district, appeal, SCOTUS and FISA courts along with open and classified
executive orders by and POTUS, and best of all, classified contracts,
implements this.
In olden days there was a fairy-land time when NSA-CIA were required to cull,
select and "minimize" (except in wartime and emergencies) their take and
capabilities with FBI and law enforcement, but no longer, the Patriot Act
Dr Zeuss loosened the ties that never bound.
Going to court melodramatizes and sanitizes the bung-holing (like USG v. Apple)
with in camera, withholding, stonewalling and denying. It should be understood,
Dear Dummies, that lawyers, security clearance holders, corporations, NGOs and
and greeders who assist and abet spying understand how to play this
rigged game to keep the public "safe and secure" in blissful passivity.
Encryption, necessarily quietly compromised for dependable marketability,
has always been a formulaic-algorithmic Faustian character in the
comsec-infosec charade where official secrecy triumphs over chaotic
rabble-empowering democracy.
This big-budget high-profit Broadway performance is called "The Natseckers."

@_date: 2016-02-27 17:27:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Apple's refusal, crypto wars shifting to OS/device wars 
It's good to see The Intercept and others smell a rat with the fake fight between
Apple and the USG (hardly only the FBI). Crediting Snowden and his flacks
with this phony crypto war is a bit much, though, opposition to government
instrusions around the world have been persistent for decades, especially
against the ever increasing digital violations and forever failing protections
against them. "Strong crypto is hard to do while making it easy for users."
What is most needed from the Snowden 90% still-secret wad are defenses
against the USG now that alarms have been repeatedly clanged about redacted
and incomplete offenses. Most peculiar that almost no defensive measures
have been released, although Snowden may have insisted on not releasing
those as threats to US national security.
Snowden's alleged demand that outlets check with USG before releases
to assure no national harm is institutionalized in national security
reporting, but is also required by fear of prosecution of outlets and
their investors such as Omidyar, Slim, Bezo, all the major media.
Withholding the 90% of Snowden material which he claims was given
to the public, is damnable betrayal of the public for monetary and
professional benefits. In this way the Snowden material has been
handled like the USG handles it, as if it is owned by the handlers,
not by the ones who paid for it.
It would not be off-base to accuse the Snowden handlers of what
Apple and the USG are doing, engaging in a fake fight "in the public
interest" for pecuniary gain. Privacy and civil liberties are being
peddled as commercial products, cheered yesterday by Apple
The DNI's Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board is as much
a marketing scam as the American Civil Liberties Union, same
kind of people populate both, testify in Congress, meet with
POTUS, work the lecture circuit.

@_date: 2016-02-17 14:31:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Ideals in crypto:  Apple mus t help Feds unlock San Bernardino =?iso-8859-1?Q?killer's_iPhone__= 
Yep. Marketing. Crypto producers been doing that forever.
King's coin wins sec contracts, the serfs get wooden nickles
with Robin Hood sig.

@_date: 2016-02-16 13:24:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_U.S._Hacked_Into_Iran=E2=80=99s_Critical_?=  Civilian Infrastr ucture For Massive 
Maybe, maybe more cyberwar milking pretense.
Gibney is a gov-friendly outlet. So is James Ball.

@_date: 2016-02-14 10:38:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] =?iso-8859-1?q?Cryptome=92s_searing_critique_of_Sn?= =?iso-8859-1?q?owden_Inc=2E?= 
Cryptome's searing critique of Snowden Inc.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-02-21 22:03:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Beguilement 
Coms eagerly post-Snowden promising crypto does not mean they
have stopped helping gov-com secret spying by other means, au contraire.
Crypto protects only a few of many means gov-coms have to spy on public,
so should not divert from those, nor from 88% Snowden docs withheld.
Govs may concede crypto public protection to assure other means remain
effective. Promoting public crypto as a cloak appears to be the campaign
underway, now as in the 1990s, so beguiling to crypto advocates to claim
a win (for the industry-org-edu to continue doing openly and secretly what
it does best).

@_date: 2016-02-21 22:03:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Crypto Beguilement 
Coms eagerly post-Snowden promising crypto does not mean they
have stopped helping gov-com secret spying by other means, au contraire.
Crypto protects only a few of many means gov-coms have to spy on public,
so should not divert from those, nor from 88% Snowden docs withheld.
Govs may concede crypto public protection to assure other means remain
effective. Promoting public crypto as a cloak appears to be the campaign
underway, now as in the 1990s, so beguiling to crypto advocates to claim
a win (for the industry-org-edu to continue doing openly and secretly what
it does best).
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-02-25 21:48:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate Decrypt Order 
USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate Decrypt Order
 (415 pp, 19.5MB)

@_date: 2016-02-25 21:48:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate Decrypt Order 
USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate Decrypt Order
 (415 pp, 19.5MB)  cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-02-26 19:15:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate   Decrypt Order 
We asked for an opinion of Michael Froomkin, Law Professor at University of Miami, on Henry Baker's

@_date: 2016-02-26 19:15:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate    Decrypt Order 
We asked for an opinion of Michael Froomkin, Law Professor at University of Miami, on Henry Baker's
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-02-22 11:30:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome?s searing critique of Snowden Inc. 
Snowden did the right thing, as he said, released the whole wad
to the public. Just released it to the wrong few people with no
technical capabilities but with desire for personal recognition
and profit-taking. Heading to Hong Kong "Greenwald and Poitras
danced in the aircraft's aisle upon reading sample documents,"
according to one account by Luke Harding (Greenwald denied this).
Both full release and profit-taking could have been done, and maybe
both were done, that is, the full release has been placed where more
technically capable persons have access. A few technical persons
have had limited access according to news reports, to advise the
cache withholders, but not many which is highly regrettable.
As we said in the interview there are a host of parties with greater
skills and experience publishing classified documents, National
Security Archive and Federation of American Scientists, among
them. Granted that these orgs are quite cautious about publishing
unauthorized disclosures due to their boards having close ties
to authorities and dutiful legal obedience.
No question the methodology employed by favored journalists
has been effective for engaging (entertaining) the public. The
comsec and credibility problem is that the small number of
documents released (~11%) and large number of narratives
(>100/1 of document pages) has skewed and dramatized the
disclosures such that it is impossible to know how accurate
the fragments are without access to the full wad.
Now there are rumors that the bulk of the documents may be
returned for Snowden's exculpation, which would be a great
loss for the public but swell for Snowden and his PR team.
Short shrifting the public by the media where leaks are concerned
has become, maybe always was, the norm. Direct to the public
disclosure, un-mediated, is what is needed, no secretmaking
privilege to anyone. Journalists bristle at this, claim the public
must be told what to think, and in this journalists are just like
Moreover, that Snowden allegedly requires the cache holders to
check with USG before release is pernicious, maybe false. Quite
a few of Snowden's comments appear to be scripted by those who
have him over a barrel.

@_date: 2016-02-25 11:39:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Instead of Apple tasking a coder to work on cracking that iPhone... 
Apple's fix of its devices to prevent access by outsiders surely is not like CryptoAG in which gov entry was secretly implanted. How to verify this has not been done? Political and technical challenge is that few users care about security and privacy, they just want convenience and latest style as Apple has become richer than Croseus exploiting. And Apple is hardly the only com-gov-org promising group identity and solidarity, with illusory security while primarily securing the benefits of the promiser.
Apple and govs are more similar than different and bound by loyal opposition, the very stance most beneficial to security and privacy offerers. Insecurity is the product.

@_date: 2016-02-27 18:17:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Millennials' Dream Job 
No. 1 Google
No. 4 Apple
No. 5 FBI
No. 8 CIA
No. 19 NSA
"The high ranking of national-security employers also speaks to millennials' hope to make a difference in the world."

@_date: 2016-03-23 18:57:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cellebrite describes 10 steps to hack a Blackberry and other tips 
Cellebrite describes 10 steps to hack a Blackberry and other tips

@_date: 2016-03-23 15:58:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Israeli company contracts to US for Cellie Data Extraction 
Cellebrite (IL) outlines its phone hack tech in a copyright suit against competitor Oxygen (RU).
According to the suit both firms sell phone hack tools to USG agencies. Suggests phone hacking is as lucrative as 0-days and bug bounties. Dirty-fingernailed hackers getting so celebrated they may become fancy barbered and removed-tats l0phties angling for photoshopped slick mag portraits with Naked Celeb Perps Assange, Snowden, Dotcom.

@_date: 2016-03-22 22:32:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG-Apple Oral Proceedings Transcript 21 March 2016 
USG-Apple Oral Proceedings Transcript 21 March 2016

@_date: 2016-03-22 00:54:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: [cryptography] USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to unlock iPhone 
Would Apple be the outside party? As in its offshore stashing of foreign revenue as foreign entity?

@_date: 2016-03-22 00:43:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG-Apple Hearing Vacated, Decrypt Order Stayed 
The court and counsel conferred regarding the government's Ex Parte Application
for a Continuance (docket no. 191). Based on the good cause shown in that application,
and based on Apple's nonobjection to vacating the hearing, the court ORDERS:
1. The hearing in this matter set for March 22, 2016 at 1:00 p.m. is
2. As there is presently uncertainty surrounding the government's need for
Apples's assistance, the court's February 16, 2016 Order Compelling Apple, Inc. to
Assist Agents in Search, in case number ED 15-451-M, is hereby stayed, pending further
submissions in this case; and
3. The government is ordered to file a status report by April 5, 2016.
Docket No. 191:

@_date: 2016-03-17 10:41:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ladar Levison Describes USG Abuses in USG v. Lavabit 
Ladar Levison Describes USG Abuses in USG v. Lavabit
Precursor to USG-Apple abuses.

@_date: 2016-03-17 00:39:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG v. Lavabit-Snowden Files Unsealed 
USG v. Lavabit-Snowden Files Unsealed:
 (560 pp, 140MB)
Precursor to USG v. Apple.

@_date: 2016-03-16 00:08:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Apple Reply to USG Opposition to Vacate Decrypt 
Apple Reply to USG Opposition to Vacate Decrypt, March 15, 2016
 (351 pp, 22MB)

@_date: 2016-03-13 11:30:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Apple in EDNY added as interested party in another iPhone case in EDNY 
Apple in EDNY added as interested party in another iPhone case in EDNY
 (151 pp, 10MB)
Magistrate Judge James Orenstein:
The Clerk of Court shall add Apple Inc. as an interested party in United States v. Feng. All documents must be filed on both dockets. (Brodie, Margo) (Entered: 03/12/2016)

@_date: 2016-03-11 23:15:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Apple Attorneys Move to Join CA and NY Cases 
Correction: this is not a joining of cases, only an Apple request for extension of time to respond and filing of pro hac vices by 3 CDCA attorneys in EDNY. No way will the CA and NY attorneys plot together, absolutely not. All the attorneys and eagle eyes who objected to our title unanimously agree, offensively and defensively, a couple irately, guiltily. But some of those have a stake in the furious practice of PHVs.
Shortly thereafter USG filed an objection to the extension of time:

@_date: 2016-03-11 18:26:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Apple Attorneys Move to Join CA and NY Cases 
USG-Apple EDNY - Apple Attorneys Move to Join CA and NY Cases
 31-034.pdf

@_date: 2016-03-10 21:22:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG Support of Motion to Compel Apple Decrypt, iPhone Forensics 
USG v. Apple - USG Support of Motion to Compel Apple Decrypt  (484 pp, 11MB)
FBI agent details Farook's iPhone forensics, Apple discussions

@_date: 2016-03-06 15:28:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The rewards of frenzied comsec-shopping should be a pardon for Snowden 
NY Times surmises NSA does not want to reveal its crypto
cracking capabilities, that the FBI hopes unskilled users will
make exploitable mistakes implementing, that DoD hopes
to exploit holes, doubt and errors rather than see them
corrected, that hackers and corporations expect to continue
to sell 0-days for high prices, that Obama staff has mixed
views of weak and strong comsec, that the US hacks both
friends and foes, engages in cyber defense and offense,
all this feeding opportunistic and obliging media fanning flames
with anonymous sources, secret briefings, revolving door
job offers of op-eds, essays, speeches, testimonies and
spy-approved tattle-tales. Essential to crypto fire-storm is
fueling a fire-sale Snowden 0-day attribution. The rewards
of this frenzied comsec-shopping should be a pardon for
Snowden, along with a life-time free travel in search of
anywhere crypto is not needed, just his word comms
are good to go naked.

@_date: 2016-03-05 11:17:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Lavabit's and Snowden's Solos 
Lavabit's brief for Apple has the gutsiest skin in the game, going solo,
no joining a pack. None of the fattest of strutting corporate cats rushed
to defend Lavabit against absence of FBI corporate-coddling,
Congress-stroking, corraling the frightened herd for taking down
mavericks like Lavabit and Snowden.

@_date: 2016-03-04 12:09:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG v. Apple - Amici Applications Through 3 March 2016 
(179 pp, 20MB)
Few of the applications have been ordered by the court. Thumbnail
descriptions provide rationale for each case.
Most are lazy, thin and repetitious in argument, not much that's new
from previous battles.
Faintheatedness suggests riskless PR is the intent, or worse, fear
of antagonizing the biggest customer for crypto, govs, reduxing
all crypto strutting, mock battles, gov-com-org business conducted
in secrecy, public left to believe duplicitous comsec mandated by
natsec, or not, usually not.

@_date: 2016-03-16 21:13:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Lavabit's and Snowden's Solos 
Ladar Levison challenges USG misuse of Lavabit case:

@_date: 2016-03-16 21:13:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] Lavabit's and Snowden's Solos 
Ladar Levison challenges USG misuse of Lavabit case:
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-03-18 12:52:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG-Apple - 3/22/16 Hearing Procedures, Add 3 USGs 
USG-Apple - 3/22/16 Hearing Procedures, Add 3 USGs

@_date: 2016-03-18 12:52:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] USG-Apple - 3/22/16 Hearing Procedures, Add 3 USGs 
USG-Apple - 3/22/16 Hearing Procedures, Add 3 USGs
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-03-22 00:54:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to unlock iPhone 
Would Apple be the outside party? As in its offshore stashing of foreign revenue as foreign entity? cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-03-21 22:48:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to unlock iPhone 
USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to unlock iPhone

@_date: 2016-03-21 22:48:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to unlock iPhone 
USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to unlock iPhone
 cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-03-29 10:35:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] USG Moves to Vacate Apple Decrypt Order 
USG wins by assault, PR, obscurity, secrecy, and sanctification of the justice-court system.
No substantiation yet of USG access to Farook's phone. The claim could be a ploy to raise doubt about Apple security, and have the same effect as if access was successful. This would
take the public and political pressure off USG without having to disclose how access was obtained. As well as improve USG reputation for prowess, determination and triumph.
Deception, lies, bluffs and ploys are obligatory in legal proceedings and all stripes of security. Doubt, braggardy, obscurity and secrecy are essential features of defensive and aggressive security whether governmental, commercial or personal.

@_date: 2016-03-29 10:35:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] [Cryptography] USG Moves to Vacate Apple Decrypt Order 
USG wins by assault, PR, obscurity, secrecy, and sanctification of the justice-court system.
No substantiation yet of USG access to Farook's phone. The claim could be a ploy to raise doubt about Apple security, and have the same effect as if access was successful. This would
take the public and political pressure off USG without having to disclose how access was obtained. As well as improve USG reputation for prowess, determination and triumph.
Deception, lies, bluffs and ploys are obligatory in legal proceedings and all stripes of security. Doubt, braggardy, obscurity and secrecy are essential features of defensive and aggressive security whether governmental, commercial or personal.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-03-30 00:11:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG-Apple Orders to Assist Search and Decrypt Vacated 
USG-Apple Orders to Assist Search and Decrypt Vacated

@_date: 2016-03-30 00:11:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] USG-Apple Orders to Assist Search and Decrypt Vacated 
USG-Apple Orders to Assist Search and Decrypt Vacated
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2016-03-19 14:48:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Apple engineers... Will they (snigger) crack under pressure 
Marc Zwillinger, top tech lawyer for Apple in several cases, is an ex-DoJ top tech lawyer.
Several of the Apple and amici lawyers are ex-USG, a stepping onto the golden stone -- a la Snowden  Inc. -- to higher public service of just-us legally empowered spy-technoids rewards.
All sharks are dual-hatted officers of the court, government agents and spies, with privileged access to ex parte, sealed, classified, in camera, judge's chambers, bar associations, commissions, panels, perks-comped and liquid-and-teen-sex fueled retreats and sojourns (flyaways from top law perches to hottie climates), ghost-writing, talking-heads, media advisors, why, momma mia, jumping the sharks is the lawful spying profession's motto.
Engineers are not only dual-hatted, but verily Methusalaic with cascading, fast-changing head gear to fit the opportunities to engineer the fuck out of the public with godawful PR-slathered technology, science, math, human experiments, climate trashing, harmful environmental remediation, and, ah ha, literally grandmotherfucking encryption and cybersecurity not worth shit. Pardon our don't give a fuck for Job's protege >1% Tim Cook is so cocksure mouthing in chorus with his duplicitously greedy sharks, venal managerial engineers and advertising geniuses are glossing "on behalf of the public's right to privacy" (except from predatory USG, Apple and amici conspiring to keep secrets and sealings from the iYokels).

@_date: 2016-04-26 17:35:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: vintage cpunk 
Right. A few days ago we slipped under the lasers, slithered past motion detectors,
aimed a night scope at the silhouette trying to calm a gaggle of squabbling cats,
quickly snapped a dozen of infrareds, setting off bam, bam, bam, instantly felt
the shadows fireball around us, singeing our asbestos foiled tents, stun grenades
blasting our shallows, swarm of drones peppering us with dum-dums, teams of
robots roaring and thrumming and spewing greenish skin-eating droplets and
lung ravaging vapors, thankfully we were ready for all that, except one little
oversight: a great chasm split the desert, a mushroom rose into the air, there
was begoggled Ninja'd Tim hanging upside down like a giant dope-wizened bat
from a black balloon, well, that's the last thing we saw before awakening atop
the Empire State Building, naked and afraid.

@_date: 2016-04-26 12:56:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: vintage cpunk 
Great repost. May is unique. And well armed and bunkered, physically,
philosophically, politically.

@_date: 2016-04-26 22:11:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Offtopic posts 
Definitely: a high paywall, start at $1,000 a post, to cull the deadbeats.
That's in bullion, no bitshit. Mis-post and price doubles, then goes geometric
after 3. Your PINs are known.
Here's the post ticket line: Hettinga hosts a deep "FC" vault packed
with RL ransom goodies any deadbeat nation would genocide to
expropriate for ignorant spenders of cognitive capital aka FC-CC.
Now you know why only 200 Panama Papers files of 11,500,000
have been released. Robert's vault PIN is way off planet.

@_date: 2016-05-15 13:44:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks: Renegades, Risk Takers - Smart, Provocative Entertainment 
Risk is a fresh take on the renegades, the cypherpunks, the risk takers.
First Look Media announced today that Laura Poitras' new feature film Risk will have its world premiere at the Cannes Film Festival's 48th Directors' Fortnight (Quinzaine des Ralisateurs). This dramatic documentary with a cypherpunk spirit reveals the stakes and opportunities of truth-telling and finds Poitras embedded with Julian Assange over the past five years. Risk is her highly anticipated follow-up to Citizenfour, Academy Award winner for Best Documentary. Risk is produced by Praxis Films in association with First Look Media and Field of Vision. World sales will be handled by Josh Braun of Submarine.
First Look Media is a new-model media company devoted to supporting independent voices across all platforms, from investigative journalism and documentary filmmaking to smart, provocative entertainment. eBay founder and philanthropist Pierre Omidyar launched First Look in 2013 with the belief that independent perspectives are vital to a vibrant culture and thriving democracy. First Look operates as both a studio and digital media company.

@_date: 2016-05-21 22:02:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [FORGED] Fascism, Nazism, Henry Ford's successful sueing of the USGov, money and power - Fwd: A  
Nice polemic. With deep respect for both titans of history, economics and
metaphysics, lipsmacked with earnest opinion, I beg m'lords, for tiny eye-time,
a screenshot of a tangible, physical shard of evidence to substantiate learned
alleged long ago imaginary happenings. Say, a gnawed ankle, a dirt-packed
bowel, a petrified turd, a skull showing insertion of tiger-tooth fact and
sucked dry of bloody ideological superiority.
This is stanky cypherpunks, not a Mar a Lago butler SM account.

@_date: 2016-05-21 13:14:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [FORGED] Fascism, Nazism, Henry Ford's successful sueing of the USGov, money and power - Fwd: A  
Dear Age Sages Robert and Peter.
Got proof?
An Ancient

@_date: 2016-06-22 13:20:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: comprehending the heart's nationalism 
That's pretty damn good. Thanks.
Although every nation, cult, gang, mafia has a similar rationale.

@_date: 2016-06-23 21:33:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Publicly Usable Secure Rooms 
Portable SCIFs have been around for decades, tent-size and desk-top:
More compact and emanation-resistant now. Carry your own.
Entrepreneurs would offer curb-side service, like food carts, or larger
like waste shredders and blood test labs. Yarping and texting on cellphones
in the open, believing privacy policies, faith in crypto, wi-fi, ISPs, VPNs,
HTTPS, Tor, clouds, IoT, is day-dreaming, making sellers rich.
Anything that encourages and supports self-security instead of products,
standards, official protectors, is the right direction.
Quietly clumsy beats drum-beating authorities ever compromising their
users for cohorts.
SCIFs leak, sure, rig fixes, test, retest, minimize use of EMR devices,
don't bet your life on any security, homebrew or top 10.
Have a nice day.

@_date: 2016-06-23 11:45:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Publicly Usable Secure Rooms 
Excellent initiative. Candidates: libraries, toilets, gyms, taxis, subways,
buses, airplanes, schools, colleges, offices, factories, farms, deserts,
Banned in all government, military, spy, facilities along with official secrecy.
Banned in top level corporate offices and board rooms.
Banned in finance, investment, SWIFT, banking.
Banned in advertising, public relations, fund-raisers, political campaigns.
Banned to leaders, celebrities, the famous, the heroic, award winners.
Banned to opinionators, moderators, censors, redactors, media.
Banned on cypherpunks except Hettinga who gets what he wants unfettered,
unfiltered, uncontaminated.

@_date: 2016-07-08 09:32:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Whistleblower Architects: surveillance, infrastructure, and freedom of information according to  
The Whistleblower Architects: surveillance, infrastructure, and freedom of information according to Cryptome (part 1)
The Whistleblower Architects: surveillance, infrastructure, and freedom of information according to Cryptome (part 2)

@_date: 2016-07-06 15:25:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Julian Assange:  =?iso-8859-1?Q?"Of_course,_when_she_is_in_power=85[Hillary_Clin?= 
He means that anyone in power is a problem for freedom of speech.
Official secrecy is mandatory for official power, secrecy for power.
Note that WikiLeaks uses secrecy for its power to seduce and
withhold, as does media, as do institutions, and, lo, as do individuals.
Freedom of speech is necessarily asymmetrical, favors oneself,
disfavors others.
Freedom of speech has always been weaponized by secrecy.
BTW, the Clinton emails released by WikiLeaks is a dribble
promoted by many, many more, never fully disclosed, the latest
fashion of the dinky-leak-secrets industry.

@_date: 2016-07-09 09:58:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Facebook Messenger adds end-to-end encryption. 
End-to-end encryption is reliable only if it begins and ends without
use of computers and networked transceivers and devices, operating
systems and systems administration, electromagnetism and
algorithms, ISPs and packets.
Each of these are vulnerabilities, not unlike Tor, anonymization,
VPN, OTR, any method widely promoted and recommended.
The more widely known and adopted the less like to be secure.
So Facebook fails the same way Crypto-AG failed, and those
developed in between.
Cybersecurity is on a roll, given extra boost by Snowden releases
(limited as they are by his "do no harm to the USA") and his
continuing boosterism from protection of the other world
policeman out to make sure no encryption is invulnerable.
Currently all states are promoting limited cybersecurity in various
see-through couture but never disclosing what the states use
for hiding most-secret comsec. Snowden, among many in
the ballooning cybersec field, never advocates full disclosure,
and in that ancient way, protect their state-sanctioned privileges,
in RU as in 5-Eyes.
Facebook is regulated by the USG and through it other nations
so not likely to place its survival above that of customers. But it
certainly uses the language of customer protection pretty much
identical to all the 74 amici which jumped on board Apple's
grandstanding fight against USG, settled secretly.
Official secrecy continues to be the primary vulnerability of
cybersecurity and public comsec. No nation can survive
without it, nor can any state-regulated entity.
Without top secret code word privilege nobody is secure.
And those with that privilege willingly harm the populace
by lying and cheating and disinforming. Snowden fits that,
probably entrapped to do so by his media handlers who
dare not challenge the states which privilege media.

@_date: 2016-07-16 15:45:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: schneier's concentration camp 
The purpose of cpunks is to host aggressive messages others
with thin skins, reputations, profits, ideologies and egos to protect
Which may explain why deleters appear absent here (many are ghosts)
but do lurk or have lurkers and protection agents watching for slightest
challenge, keeping lists for covert anonymized retribution -- for worst
offenses, extermination -- following the lead of nations and religions.
Moderated fora, Wikipedia the prime example, Tor a slight one, cannot
abide misbehavior or funding will be squeezed or shut down. Govs, NGOs.
coms, are moderated to assure survival of banality as cover for brutality.
Celebrity is moderation, and might be better called tampering.

@_date: 2016-07-24 23:58:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [ PFIR ] Clinton campaign -- and some cyber experts -- say Russia is behind email release 
Long sigs indicate the writer has forgotten what is automatically
inserted after the nym, or wishes to disavow vanity when it is
no longer needed to overcome depression and self-loathing
with narcissim of outdated accomplishments. Ads for oneself
with every message is the root cause of climate change and
the rise of terrorism and wretchedly inept comsec.
Schneier's Crypto-gram the most bloated adverselfie,
SM nothing but fatuous sigs.
Cypherpunks, OTOH, is pure hygienic content, never a cross word

@_date: 2016-08-16 12:23:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: DCCC Internal Docs on Primaries in Florida 
The DCCC and "NSA" releases are over-hyped garbage commensurate
with political campaigns in all countries. More like that promulgated by
spies in all countries. Even in this sacred temple of cpunk-purity.

@_date: 2016-08-23 18:17:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: moving on 
At some point it should be revealed the three persons (entities, algos),
not Angela, Buster and Caleb, who control cypherpunks in any form it has
been, will take or transforms into. Once in there is no opt out, ever, for
lurkers, drive-bys, pseudos, anons, unsubs, especially tatooed. And
duns, dues and long-overdues will be paid whether willing or not.
Bank accounts, bitcoins, e-gold, digi-cash, CCs, trusts, off-shores,
will be siphoned if not already snatched. Nothing about this list is
free nor free of contamination. It's not about crypto, never was, that's
the bait. It's about cypher punks, two worlds with a space between.
That space sucks in, no way to move on.

@_date: 2016-08-14 12:08:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Bittorrent starting to move entirely within anonymous overlay nets 
Giving porn downloaders false sense of security doesn't help technically
Excellent recommendation. Should apply to privacy policies and crypto,
anything to do with whistleblowing, leaks, secure drops, transparency,
openness, comsec, infosec and especially natsec and secrecy, the
two greatest threats to all the others.
Coordinated secrecy by gov-com-edu-ngo will continue to be the
most horrendous fundamentalist religion and most profitable
exploit online and off.
Back there hung-over snoozers, wake up and pay attention.

@_date: 2016-09-05 20:24:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Charter 
Also Eric Hughes: A Cypherpunk's Manifesto, 9 March 1993
Understanding distinction between privacy and secrecy is essential,
for it is secrecy that corrupts in all its forms and is totally hostile to
privacy, and true privacy totally hostile to secrecy. Privacy policies are
fraudulent because they allow secretkeepers to violate privacy with
"lawful" impunity. Which is why Snowden, Tor, media, corporations,
NGOs, security experts, dual hatters, lawyers, privileged parties of
all stripes, and many others are masterful bullshitters to urge
"curation," censorship, withholding, redacting information by
which secretkeepers empower themselves against the public by
"self-regulated" access, that is self-serving.
It is ridiculous to believe technical crypto by itself will not be subverted
for political purposes, that mathematics will provide sufficient protection
against wily opponents lawfully empowered to use any methods required
to exploit vulnerabilities in people, technology, governance (standards
setting, education, contracts, advisory boards, prizes, leaks, bribery,
coercion -- partially listed in the troll tools, but far from all).
 From day one and continuing, cypherpunks warned of the unavoidable
corruption of the list by malevolent subscribers, as well as of the
Internet and digital technology in general. This malevolence has
come to pass worldwide, through a range of treacheries from
anonymization to crypto to HTTPS to OTR to leak sites to universities,
to whatever tool is funded and promoted as the hot shit latest means
to defy authority. Authority always wins. As authority bullshits and
honors and hires those too timid to exceed conventional cowardice.
Few cypherpunks have gone to jail for their convictions, many more have
gone on to pretty good paying jobs, start-ups, buy-outs by IBM, MS, Cisco,
Google, others in cahoots with authority. But some have seduced others to
go to jail, crying ACLU-EFF-Greenwald grade crocodile tears at the injustice
(advertising "donate to us" for the poor suckers). Blaming the victim of
this seduction is rife as it is in deliberately faulty, highly monetized comsec.
If all goes well, cataclismic cyberwar will provide the doomsday climax to
persistent cypherpunk screwing. Assange aims at just that having imbibed
the cryptoanarchy joy juice here. Tim May will continue to ridicule the fool
as he did Jim Bell and CJ. This is the cypherpunk secret charter for being
a bullshitting "force for good."

@_date: 2016-09-12 09:34:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WL: USA to elect Walking Dead Puppet Liar Woman as President 
Assange's determination to seek personal vengeance against
Clinton without commensurate assault on Trump is vain imitationism,
even idolatrous of "strong man" predatory (sexual) behavior. Yes,
Putin plays the same autocratic gaming of the "helpless" people
Although the sustained childish tantrum could wind up helping
Clinton in the same way Trump's and Putin's promotion of infantilism
in their beseeching crybabies does, aided by backroom martinets
flattering insecure putative royalty bred by momism.
Big egos of narcissism all too often lead to war when spoiled
amoral assholes gain control of armaments, secrets and leaks.
This is not to say Clinton is not a spoiled brat too, merely a female
corrupted by privilege bestowed by predatory males. Yes, this
applies to Queen Elizabeth, actually cosseted queens of all stripes,
except, of course, Queen, yodeler of  We Are The Champions,
led by Mercury traveling the universe, the only legitimate belter.

@_date: 2016-09-25 00:11:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Julian Assange on Rubber-hose proof (cryptographically deniable) file-systems (1997) 
Precedence: bulk
Here's a copy of some correspondence in relation to my implementation
of a `rubber hose proof' (cryptographically deniable) file system
(actually implimented as a block device on which you can mount any
file system). I'm happy with the cryptographic strength of the system
(but feel free to comment anyway). That said, I'm not convinced that
my avoidance of media (i.e disk surface) analysis attacks (which could
potentially show the pre-sense or otherwise of cryptographic file
systems other than the "duress" ones) is entirely effective. I'd like
some comment from gauss-ridden declassification guru's here :)
Here's how I'm implementing `aspects' in Rubberhose/marutukku;
`aspect' is the term I'm using to refer to the
cryptographically-deniable (i.e rubber-hose-proofed) "portion", of a
maru extent i.e it's a different _aspect_ (view) of the same
underlying physical block extent.
I decided that random split lengths don't add to the security of the
scheme - only 2x from my calculations - which isn't enough to warrant
the increase in memory use and complexity involved.  The extent is
simply divided up into n splits (say 1024 or one every 256k, whichever
is smaller). Each aspect has an encrypted 32bit block remap list
(which is simply a linear array because of the fixed split size).  A
split avoidance bit-map is created from these per-aspect remap lists
on instantiation of the aspects. An individual aspect looks like so
(when saved):
typedef struct
     m_u32 keySum; /* key checksum */
     u_char masterKey[MAX_KEY];
     u_char latticeCipherType, blockCipherType;
     u_char pad[MAX_BLOCK - (4 + MAX_KEY + 1 + 1) % MAX_BLOCK]; /* block align */
} maruCycle;
typedef struct
     maruCycle cycle;
     u_char keySalt[MAX_PASSPHRASE];
     maruLatticeKey latticeKeySalt[2];
     u_char blockIV[MAX_FS_BLOCK_SIZE];
     u_char latticeSalt[2*MAX_LATTICE_DEPTH*MAX_BLOCK_KEY]; /* must be 64 aligned */
     m_u32 remap[MAX_SPLITS];
     m_u32 iterations;
     maruCipher keyCipherType;
} maruHeaderAspect;
There are an array of (8 by default) of these constructs in a maruHeader.
The smap accessor macros are simple:
	SMAP_SET(p, n) (((p))[(n)/(sizeof(maruSmap)*8)] |= (1 << ((n) % (sizeof(maruSmap)*8))))
	SMAP_CLR(p, n) (((p))[(n)/(sizeof(maruSmap)*8)] &= ~ (1 << ((n) % (sizeof(maruSmap)*8))))
	SMAP_ISSET(p, n) (((p))[(n)/(sizeof(maruSmap)*8)] & (1 << ((n) % (sizeof(maruSmap)*8))))
By default, each unused maruHeaderAspect struct contains random noise
(except for keyCipherType, which defaults to being the same for all
aspects) and is of course indistinguishable from a valid maruAspect
without the associated key.
Instantiation example:
Say you have three valid aspects, a1, a2 and a3. Arbitrarily, you have
chosen a1 to be the simple duress aspect (i.e ``you expect us to
believe you have solitary letter of donation to the Polit Bureau Ball
in your entire encrypted file system?! Do you know what this is Nikov?
. THIS is the finest cryptanalytic device known to
man. THIS is a RUBBERHOSE! *thwap* *thwunk* *boink*. Now... what's the
*real* key Nikov... or should we call you... Nikolay Bukharin?''), a2 to
be the limited disclosure aspect ("Dear diary. Nikita, Ivan, Boris and
came over today and smoked a *shit load* of hash. Not wanting to
offend, I had a toke, but like that capitalist dog
^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H illustious leader of the freeworld, was
careful not to inhale.") and a3 has your ice-9 formula nicely tucked
You decide one fine morning that you want to add an ATP pre-cursor as
a catalyst to your ice-9 recipe of destruction (ostensibly, you plan
to generate this stuff from cultures of genetically modified mouse
liver cell mitochondria), and provide the a1, a2 and a3 pass-phrases.
a1, a2 and a3 are decrypted. the aspect remap is parsed and used to
create the physical block "avoidance" map (checking for conflicts
along the way).
Joyous about the frozen seas to come, you copy the ATP pre-cursor
catalyst into a3 and the file system tries to write a new block - e.g
b28 - to a3.  b28 is translated through the a3 remap table to b-1
(unallocated). A random block remap number is generated e.g b595 and
tested against the avoidance smap. If free, it is marked and chosen to
be the new a3 mapping, otherwise the algorithm simply does a circular
hunt for the next free entry in the avoidance smap.
Naturally, reading only requires the key of the aspect you are
interested in (divulging). Writing to one aspect without the keys to
the other aspects will randomly trash them as new splits are assigned.
This would be the simple end of it, were it not but for magnetic
domain leakage/disk surface wear analysis attacks. Theoretically, this
sort of attack could used to demonstrate access patterns by the drive
head in regions outside those used by the duress aspect blocks. What
we want to do here is to make sure the non-data carrying
magnetic/other properties of the disk substrate are as close to a
Jackson Pollock painting as is possible. i.e totally random :) Three
methods are used:
All aspects are defined to take up 100% of the marutukku extent from
the file-system perspective - this is essential to our deniability
scheme. This works fine with most file-systems - e.g UFS, because they
only write to a small fraction of their addressable blocks when
formatted - i.a few super-blocks and inode, rather than zeroing every
block, and so split usage for a given aspect reflects population of
the file system that pertains to it.

@_date: 2016-10-03 09:10:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
All leaks advance a particular agenda with biased information,
that is their purpose. None are neutral or wholly truthful or
complete representation of material assembled for release.
Withholding and redaction and censorship are obligatory for
the marketing pretense of candor.
No reason to expect WikiLeaks to be any more honest and angelic
than the context from which it derived, is sustained, and reaps
the rewards from. The information spectrum from openness to
Top Secret Codeword is single complicity with pretense of
oppositional multiples to cloak the covert unification.
Moreover, leaks, like hacking and whistleblowing and Tor and
privacy policy and HTTPS, have become lucrative businesses,
profit and celebrity driven. These are urged and supported by
the giants, pipsqueaks, start-ups and spy fronts of commerce
and non-profits and governments.
Leaks are tools of spies before all else, and spies are tools
of authority. Inherently dirty, deceptive, manipulative, dishonest,
all too human. Primarily leaks are entertainment, and in this
like political campaigns, lies and prevarication are essential.
But this is the case with media of all kinds, history, economics,
business, social research, science, math, religion, education,
cryptography, comsec, infosec, espionage, NSA, The Intercept,
Snowden, Manning, Assange, and so on, especially here.

@_date: 2016-10-16 13:24:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] [HISTORY] Afganistan, Russia, USSR, Lybia, WW2, pre-WW2 - "Why do they hate us so?" 
This is what every military-dominated nation proclaims to bleed its=
 terrified
and tortured citizens and fatten its vampire arms=20
producers -- and propagandists
trolling the full spectrum of discourse. WWW=20
invented and promoted for marketing
of "electronic freedom" to plant trojans inside.=20
Privacy protected by porous policies
and dull swords of crypto, believe it.
Alternatively, eviscerate and burn the scientists=20
inventing the killing swords and
faulty protections to halt spread of we-are-gods PR germs.

@_date: 2016-11-11 22:24:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: though shalt NOT gloat! 
Stellar tradition (spit) of cypherpunks is to attack everyone, before, during and after,
gloating at transient wins over the "fools" -- no matter left, right, indy, secret affiliation.
Trump and trumpsters are now free-fire targets to avid peddlers of disruption of
anything official. Political campaign mouthings just kiddie-diaper oozings.
Ooze or two about this guttersniping hideout:
Passing mention of cypher by die-hard nostalgics, but to hell with that geeky
1990s superficiality, take it to the heavily moderated crypto fora where those
crypto-geeks who work within well-paid power interests to keep tight over dissent, disputes, insults, shillings, virulent propaganda (unless it favors
fancy if always flawed crypto as an essential tool of success and dual-hatted
place on advisory boards and sugarish mega-authoritative sagacious quotes
in MSM rollodexery).
Stink of crypto-currency has been a constant odor, Assange one of hundreds
aiming to allure and loot digital frontiers of hapless internet pioneers and
sucker baiting Waybacks, Wikipedias, WWWebs 1, 2 with ever darker
promises of privacy anonymity, untraceability, pseudonyms, nics, trolls,
lusers, pawns, snitches, fame-inflamed burglars of big data and emails
and as ever financial repositories protected by beady-eyed cryptoids
and sleazy sysadmins patrolling packets, acks, diversions, ruses,
traps, threads, privileged accesses, lockpicks, permissive action

@_date: 2016-11-27 17:43:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: historic opportunity - fake news site definitive list - MSM continuing meltdown 
638 tries at killing Castro is cigar afcionado=20
smoke blow. CIA and KGB cooperated in keeping=20
Castro in power, supplying arms, spies, trainers=20
to "spread revolution." There are current=20
grey-beards and millennial hipsters assuring=20
military plutocracy from Silicon-Death Valley to=20
Fertile Crescent Without Borders. National=20
Sciences, Humanities, Arts, Pultizers,=20
Guggenheims and MacArthurs grow bad seeds of=20
counterrevolution through smart cultivation and=20
encouragement of free expression confession,=20
aided by illusory comsec and=20
pseudo-anonymization. That pernicious arc is=20
exhibited in crypto advocacy and   high-domed=20
dissident mail lists like cpunks, nettime, EFF,=20
ACLU, WikiLeaks and PK-ilk 1976-present. Not a=20
few fellow-travelers have switched sides from=20
opposition to opposition to opposition, maybe=20
never were dissidential, maybe never intended to=20
defy the irresistably rewarding toxicities of=20
Jobs, Thiel, Trump, Soros, Omidyar, Bezos, Slim,=20
Putin, princes of WS-oligarch royalty. Prince=20
Castro not in that cosseting loop, yo granmamma.

@_date: 2016-12-16 10:36:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks provides no proof Assange is alive, > 1 month now 
From Assange to Hannity to Breibart, Trump loving WikiLeaks.
Spy-grade gaming the yokels.
 WikiLeaks
 give you

@_date: 2016-12-04 13:55:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Extremists Turn to a Leader to Protect Western Values: Vladimir Putin 
For Mr. Heimbach is far from alone in his esteem for Mr. Putin. Throughout the collection of white ethnocentrists, nationalists, populists and neo-Nazis that has taken root on both sides of the Atlantic, Mr. Putin is widely revered as a kind of white knight: a symbol of strength, racial purity and traditional Christian values in a world under threat from Islam, immigrants and rootless cosmopolitan elites.
"I've always seen Russia as the guardian at the gate, as the easternmost outpost of our people," said Sam Dickson, a white supremacist and former Ku Klux Klan lawyer who frequently speaks at gatherings of the so-called alt-right, a far-right fringe movement that embraces white nationalism and a range of racist and anti-immigrant positions. "They are our barrier to the Oriental invasion of our homeland and the great protector of Christendom. I admire the Russian people. They are the strongest white people on earth."
His voice amplified by Russian-funded think tanks, the Orthodox Church and state-controlled news media, like RT and Sputnik, that are aimed at foreign audiences, Mr. Putin has in recent years reached out to conservative and nationalist groups abroad with the message that he stands with them against gay rights activists and other forces of moral decay.
He first embraced this theme when, campaigning for his third term as president in early 2012, he presented Russia not only as a military power deserving of international respect, but also as a "civilizational model" that could rally all those in Russia and beyond who were fed up with the erosion of traditional values.
The Kremlin has also provided financial and logistical support to far-right forces in the West, said Peter Kreko, an analyst at Political Capital, a research group in Budapest. Though Jobbik, a neo-Nazi party in Hungary and other groups have been accused of receiving money from Moscow, the only proven case so far involves the National Front in France, which got loans worth more than $11 million from Russian banks.
Russia also shares with far-right groups across the world a deeply held belief that, regardless of their party, traditional elites should be deposed because of their support for globalism and transnational institutions like NATO and the European Union.

@_date: 2016-12-04 13:59:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: I Am a Dangerous Professor 
Those familiar with George Orwell's "1984" will recall that "Newspeak was designed not to extend but to diminish the range of thought." I recently felt the weight of this Orwellian ethos when many of my students sent emails to inform me, and perhaps warn me, that my name appears on the Professor Watchlist, a new website created by a conservative youth group known as Turning Point USA.
I could sense the gravity in those email messages, a sense of relaying what is to come. The Professor Watchlist's mission, among other things, is to sound an alarm about those of us within academia who "advance leftist propaganda in the classroom." It names and includes photographs of some 200 professors.
The Watchlist appears to be consistent with a nostalgic desire "to make America great again" and to expose and oppose those voices in academia that are anti-Republican or express anti-Republican values. For many black people, making America "great again" is especially threatening, as it signals a return to a more explicit and unapologetic racial dystopia. For us, dreaming of yesterday is not a privilege, not a desire, but a nightmare.
The new "watchlist" is essentially a new species of McCarthyism, especially in terms of its overtones of "disloyalty" to the American republic. And it is reminiscent of Cointelpro, the secret F.B.I. program that spied on, infiltrated and discredited American political organizations in the '50s and '60s. Its goal of "outing" professors for their views helps to create the appearance of something secretly subversive. It is a form of exposure designed to mark, shame and silence.
So, in my classrooms, I refuse to remain silent in the face of racism, its subtle and systemic structure. I refuse to remain silent in the face of patriarchal and sexist hegemony and the denigration of women's bodies, or about the ways in which women have internalized male assumptions of how they should look and what they should feel and desire.
I refuse to be silent about forms of militarism in which innocent civilians are murdered in the name of "democracy." I refuse to remain silent when it comes to acknowledging the existential and psychic dread and chaos experienced by those who are targets of xenophobia and homophobia.
I refuse to remain silent when it comes to transgender women and men who are beaten to death by those who refuse to create conditions of I refuse to remain silent in a world where children become targets of sexual violence, and where unarmed black bodies are shot dead by the state and its proxies, where those with disabilities are mocked and still rendered "monstrous," and where the earth suffers because some of us refuse to hear its suffering, where my ideas are marked as "un-American," and apparently Well, if it is dangerous to teach my students to love their neighbors, to think and rethink constructively and ethically about who their neighbors are, and how they have been taught to see themselves as disconnected and neoliberal subjects, then, yes, I am dangerous, and what I teach is dangerous.

@_date: 2017-01-22 11:26:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Trump and election fraud - fake news 
In June 2016 a "War Room" was built in Trump Tower for dozens of puppets to spew fake tweets, brags, sads, news as if Boss's. And  managed nationwide and global network, not least to tap into Clinton's network.
The War Room can be seen from the top level of Trump Tower atrium, under the noses of USSS.
Tampering with, oppo researching, digging up dirt and bribing the Electoral College was a top priority.
TLAs taped the operationas did Trump's security team to spot treacherous insiders, still tracking the grunts and plants to see which have ambitions to expose the operation.
Cpunks not a bad place to gather pseudonyms, along with SM, alt media, leak sites, RT, Sputnik, global PR firms, universities, think tanks, private clubs, industry orgs, unions, dissidents, professional bellyachers, and so on deep down the cess pool.

@_date: 2017-02-14 22:52:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: =?iso-8859-1?Q?"Left_Attacks_ACLU_for_Defending_Mil_o_Yiannopou?= =?iso-8859-1?Q?los=E2=80=99_Ri 
ACLU has become primarily a money-raising=20
endeavor, paying its staff extremely generous=20
salaries and perks. It turns down requests which=20
does not promise fund-raising prospects. In this=20
it is like the Greenwalds who rush to promote=20
very lucrative grants for high-profile projects.=20
Check out the ACLU main site for its gold-plated=20
campaigns and screeching about contributions.
This bankable version followed departure of=20
long-time supporters repulsed by the greed and=20
cozying up to wealthy donors. It ain't what it=20
claims to be, and once was, maybe could be again=20
if it dumped the sleases who chase media coverage=20
like politicians, actually pursuing civil=20
liberites spectaculars like ambulance-chasing=20
lawyers. Far from being public defenders.
The org's alleged neutrality is bogus, it is=20
tipped toward profitable non-profitibility,=20
hardly alone in that, to be sure, ever ready to=20
arrange tax write-offs for over-loaded dudes and=20
dudettes, and in that way perfectly comfortable=20
with governments who dispense privilege and civil=20
liberties to those who never really challenge=20
authority. Every government agency, corporation=20
and NGO has a civil liberties policy as rancid as privacy and security.
Coda, few cypherpunks ever wrote code, those that=20
did went on to better rewards in industry and=20
government from which most came. The code mantra=20
was an inside joke to get grunts to labor for=20
free, even go to jail, since not many could=20
qualify for ACLU expensive and exclusive standards,

@_date: 2017-02-05 12:22:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: MAKE ARGENTINA GREAT AGAIN 
The USA set up a slave-owning aristocracy to govern, still lives as US=
 Senate
and Presidency backed by "civilian-controlled" military, police and spies,=
 with
brain-washed informants to rat neighbors, as seen here in spades.
Standard operating procedure to copy the oppressor, as if Argentina is not
angling for Trump's (and USA's) increased lucrative bribery to solons,
but most of all for military, police and spy largesse.
Hardly original, Trump's diplomatic and military agenda aims to buy and
threaten foreign leaders, continuing the 274-year history of the US's=
 primary
economic, political and educational goals have been just that, from Indian
genocide and Civil Wars to WW1 and WW2, Korea, Vietnam, Middle East
endless war, Israel the instigator and testing ground for ever more lethal=
 mass
killing technology., and nearly every president has cooked up a war to boost
the economy and maintain political power -- both parties aggressors in
pay to natsecker industry of gov-com-org-edu-faith.
Which affirms why cryptographers and comseckers have always been
handmaidens and informants for secret, unaccountable natsec. As seen
ubiquitously on ICANN, ATT, Verizon, Silicon Valley and Alley, and for
sure enablers of weak crypto promoted by flashy careerist proponents
of porous privacy.
Pretty good record of public crypto deception operation in the cpunk
archives and those duplicitous fora off-sprung from the demon seed.
 de la
 degenerar,
 la
 de

@_date: 2017-02-04 10:42:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Human Rights Watch] Trump Team Invents "Massacre" And Blames Refugees For It 
Cypherpunks is pro and con limitlessly, and fence-sitting and lurking and shit-talking and sanctimonious and censorious and so bent head up ass yelling at other end of alimentary canal is normal. Only one's own recycled crap and vomit second harvest are considered cuisine. So sure, Trump is exemplar for cpunk coprophllia. But hardly just "paraphilia involving sexual arousal and pleasure from feces."

@_date: 2017-02-04 10:59:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Alt-right hipster Gavin McInnes and his Nazi fanboys the "Proud Boys" Shut Down @ NYU 
Basic military and religion training is to=20
demonize and hate in order to cowardly sniper=20
shoot with sexual conquest onanistic .50 caliber=20
self-rape. A mic is a jerk-off tool.

@_date: 2017-02-05 14:21:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: change.org "declare antifa illegal/terrorist" petition 
Declaring anything terrorist fosters the recruiting brand, ignores the reality of profligate spending on mil-cop-spy phantasms, top competitora for kiddie porn, especially online -- see front page of NYTimes today about remote-controlled ISIS terrorism via the demon Internet. Fucking A, this list terrorist from Day One.

@_date: 2017-02-15 23:01:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Net Result of Snowden 
Twas a hoot in Hong Kong when Snowden gulled the hapless reporters with
ludicrous comsec stagecraft of pillows at door sill and refridged cellphones,
while the landline phone, laptops and video remained bare-assed, not to overlook
emanations grabbers galore now standard in hotels, conferences, transit, comms,
restaurants, civil liberties lawyers and orgs. Unlikely any of the journos were
uncontaminated before, during and after, nor the alleged aids to Ed's hideout
and travel.
It continues: Ed's persistent recommendations for comsec and privacy are
as juvenile as the promotional campaign boy-in-the bubbling of him, the giant
head videos, the robotic person to crowd display devices, the obviously
ghost-written, lawyer and journo vetted statements, the prolonged dangling
and dribbling docs crudely tampered with by redactions, partial releases,
excessive hype, movies, documentaries, books, speeches, award -- all
this represents a sophiticated publicity operation characteristic of a nation
state being fronted by selected and highly-rewarded journalists and, who
else but ACLU and the running companions amply funded by the usual
conceited deep-pocketed bribers.
No surprise WikiLeaks fell under the spell of bail-out saviors, jumped
to leverage Snowden for its purposes and took the irresistable bait of
institutional wealth in The Intercept/Freedom of the Press, et al, manner:
wearing the magic cloak of government-protected journalism to cover
ass and minimize risk while braying about security and public interest,
and the era's favorite braggardy, claiming to have far more information
than can be released, now and then offering up ever larger mysterious
insurance files. Code word: holders of unreleased material know shit
the public cannot ever have access to, the asymmetric mantra of spies
and god's select since exploitive fear and ignorance was invented as
Not that that is very different from the origin of cypherpunks: it has
produced a slew of godspelling bastards like Assange, Snowden,
moi and others still here who may out themselves. Snowdens are
being invented persistently, which is probably a good thing to
give Trump and his thugs no mercy, no privacy, no security, no
peace of mind, no chance of doing what they dream of.

@_date: 2017-03-02 00:25:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Scientists Just Confirmed The Hottest Day In Antarctica 
This is commonly done by all interest groups, political parties, governments, spies, military, peaceniks, civil libertarians, mafias, marrieds, adults and children, professionals, religionists, financiers, animals, birds and bees, and as we see here, cryptologists, wanna bes and top notch researchers and privacy promoters.
Lying is simply unavoidable, believe or not, doesn't matter, it's built into the brain for survival, eat before being eaten, cheat before being cheated. Trump is hardly the first to lie, cheat, steal, grab genitals, piss on putting greens to fertilize the artificial weed, drive bogies and fart in stenching contest with gobblers and drunks on the gated links and pigging out in his wee dick whorehouse hotels erected on a showboat of lies -- aka The Presidency and its pretentious trappings of house, aircraft, limos, secret service, derivative diplomacy, ugliest architecture and vulgarest national capital of "democracy" on the desertification by fuel-fossiled machines, especially computers, of diminishing landform Earth.
Fishes await the few survivors to paddle out to sea.

@_date: 2017-03-24 09:04:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Anonimous Intel employee leaks Intel's surveillance backdoor 
Anonimous, insider, leak, surveillance, backdoor: 007, Get Smart,
Stuxnet, Trump, ISIS, WMD, TLA, USA, ACLU: porn gif uber alles.

@_date: 2017-03-25 19:22:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: the intercept - corporate US mouthpiece 
GG's alleged net worth off by 000, merely $8.5=20
million not billion as FrostSnow reports
despite its eyeball grabbing headline. However,=20
the site is a spoof, as are most net worth
sources: net worth bogus claims can be purchased=20
as PR for very little, not unlike
bankruptcy declarations.
According to IRS reports for First Look Media, GG is paid by the org about
$500K annually. Probably a few times that for fees, royalties, investments,
off-shore tax avoidances well-used by attorneys, other unmentionables.
Don't expect to see his tax returns for US, UK,=20
Brazil, Russia, Germany, France,
Japan, China, Cayman, Panama, Ireland, Iceland, et al. Nor those of Assange,
Snowden, Poitras, Scahill, all those milking the lucrative leak and natsec
opposition-crypto-privacy industry.

@_date: 2017-06-29 11:36:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Barrett Brown: 'new framework for mass online collaboration' Reddit 
Translators are top spy targets. Topmost is porn, universal lingo, not just kiddie porn obsessively gazed by LE and IT pervs. More malware implanted on porn than anywhere else. Crypto, anonymizing, AV, cybersec, leak sites, the internet, 0-day implants essential features since day one.

@_date: 2017-06-03 13:12:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Are you also a Soviet Spy 
To associate only with people you agree with, pillory those you don't, is a surefire way to remain ignorant and malleable by cowardly dictators who promise greatness to propaganda-addled weaklings.
Cypherpunks is no stranger to appeals from monomaniacs offering special leadership to doltish followers. Crypto the early opioid, with a stewpot of empowering, intoxicating pharmas thereafter, though the latest appear to be bots drumming simplistic slogans of left, right, patriot, commie.
NYTimes today front pages Proud Boys, Oath Keepers, hooligans, screamers, reins loosened by Trump's MAGA-methadone dispensary to those incapable of remaining sober, unable to function without violence in word and deed -- that is, ideological robots, aka spies cloaked by manipulating secrecy.

@_date: 2017-06-07 09:32:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: TheIntercept Compromises Courageous Leaker Reality Winner 
A parrot GG.
Leak sites and jounalists inevitably betray sources by overpromising security and confidentiality.
Privileged like lawyers and priests.

@_date: 2017-07-17 09:38:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: In America, Most Republicans Think Colleges Are Bad for the Country - education, intellect, and  
Education is affirmation of the status quo in all nations.
And a negation of otherness. Military, spies and secrecy,
blessed by national security blind faith, assures heads in
the sand are patriotic, and raising heads out of the sand
is treason ("terrorism").
Lopping heads by cutlass or curricula or UAVs, or as here,
stuffing them with incessant propaganda of URLism, is why
good soldiers and best-and-brightest make conjoined heads
PR, aka comical faux wisdom.
Spies may be the most stupid people on earth, totally isolated
by trained, indoctrinated terror of otherness, aka brain-laundered.

@_date: 2017-07-23 12:55:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: protocol for high-profile dissenters to leak without being deaded/murdered/killed/eliminated/sho 
Keep in mind any prominent leak site/dark net is thoroughly compromised,
wittingly or unwittingly upstream, downstream, inside, outside. Not a few
were, continue to be, established and run for that purpose, the rest evolved
by publicity and notoriety into perfect nodes for capturing leakers, networks (Tor a prime example), sending contaminated loads to recipients
eager to receive material for which sources can be denied, or simply disclosed
to officials through consultation, vetting, ass-covering after laundering through
amateurishly secure drop boxes
Reality Winner is merely one among many others gulled into believing
what should be by now unbelievable due to insertion of loggers along
transmission paths from suppressed leakers to highly advertised,
incessantly bragging, outlets who never admit to being de facto
honey pots.
Outlets all too readily check with officials authenticity of material to protect
themselves from being duped, burned, tricked by a range of parties out to
disrupt the ancient practice of deception by "unauthorized" disclosure.
Above all they aim to protect their financial stability, assured by government
regulation, from attack.
The bind leaks/secrets suffer from is converting from unknown by the
public to known by the public. Far too much leaked is tampered with
in the inevitably failure-proned process. Far too much leaked is based
on blind faith in the inevitable insecurity of transfer from source to
WikiLeaks has become the global leader in deception about leaks
and the vulnerability leak sites and news outlets pose to leakers.
Privileges of journalists in avoiding culpabililty is the fly in the ointment.
As WikiLeaks reinvented itself as a journalistic operation to protect
itself, it adopted the practices of government-bestowed-and-protected
organizations, and in the process accepted self-serving corruption as
inherent, indeed, essential, to survival.
No need to have a formal relationship with authorities to betray and
harm leakers, merely operate a highly publicized, promoted, bragging
of security and transparency, albeit secret about itself, leak site,
a watering hole in the desert for thirsty prey to seek.
Not too soon to forego the nightmare of secure leak outlets.

@_date: 2018-09-24 14:16:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
Much of NIST findings have not been made=20
available to the public. Some building=20
professionals have been given limited access=20
under NDA. Terrorism continues to be the=20
rationale for withholding, no matter the=20
sustained growth among conspiracists about WTC and other calamities.
WTC7 had emergency generator fuel tanks on upper=20
floors which contributed to the fire (revised=20
codes now prohibit that, so it is claimed,=20
however, special agencies (ie, spies) can get=20
what they want). NIST is ruled by the needs of=20
special agencies, as with all official agencies,=20
including what information is released to the=20
public (considered indistinguishable from terrorists).
WTC7's fuel tanks were not designed to withstand=20
exceptional forces, say, as bladders, so fractured.
Supertalls have introduced a slew of risky=20
practices, most never tested in the field over=20
long duration, only surmised in codes and=20
experiments, and above all, coutured as safe by public relations.
Any building over 75 feet tall (reach of=20
firefighter ladders) is exceptionally dangerous.=20
Professionals, officals and the real estate=20
industry have long used elaborate justifications=20
and finely-crafted codes to camouflage the=20
danger, aided and abetted by the insurance industry.
Fortuitously, those responsibile for the=20
potential calamities favor highest floors for=20
offices and homes, biggest and hardest to reach=20
McMansion spreads, all dense with flammables,=20
seemingly secure as vaults which turn out to be inescapable crematoria.
Photos of WTC leapers, barbecues, body parts and=20
ground beef are some of the NIST withholdings.

@_date: 2018-10-12 21:58:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AP Variation 
Paul Rosenfeld Accused of Planning "Sortition" to Blow-up DC National Mall on November 6, 2018

@_date: 2018-10-01 16:20:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Personal Black Box 
Thanks for the TCM solace info. Tim may be in love with another person wiser than himself. So, too, Trump's bromantic trim Kim who out hair-doed the shaggy dude.

@_date: 2018-10-01 15:12:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Personal Black Box 
Why have gadgets become black boxes when pistols are superior? Best if only women have open carry pistols, or more powerful hurt tools, to balance men's physical advantage (strength, money, weaponry, crime, betrayal, treachery, band of brotherhoods).
Gun control for men, enforced by hanging or castration if caught with a gun, especially military weaponry and WMD, would reduce predation on women and weaker peoples.
Wilson, Assange, Trump and randy dog cult stud-flaunting sex entrapment is way too slow, rigged by male lawyers to exculpt their kind.
Gadgets which instantly killed violators of male gun control and sexual exploitation would clear out a lot of useless vermin.
Tim May's legendary urge to eliminate of useless breeders should begin at home, by his own loaded, maga-enlarged penile tools. Same for warmaking POTUSes.

@_date: 2018-10-15 14:57:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Public Shielded Room Work 
Several years of Tempest (EMR-shielded) documentation (1985-2014):
Tempest timeline (1700s-2001)
Full compromising radiation protection is extremely hard to accomplish, maybe impossible, and the topmost is highly classified. Just about anything transmits radiation to a greater or lesser extent, bodies, clothing, air, feces, sweat, et al.
Most protection systems transmit while seeming to block, in that way leaky like crypto. Crypto emanates. Your best friends and lovers and cohorts emanate, like GitHub.
Perhaps join NSA, best of all one of its wizard contractors, or, if you get pretty good, USG or another spy agency they will grab you with an irresistable offer. Just don't succumb to Julian Assange's or Cody Wilson's tempestation. Semen may emanate above all others, shield it.

@_date: 2018-11-24 19:06:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange Journalism 
Matt Taibbi reports on Assange in Rolling Stone in a one of the more salient grasps of what journalism has missed about WikiLeaks feeding its maw.
A noteworthy observation is how all the risk is taken by leakers not by publishers and journalists -- nor by WikiLeaks and Assange.
Nearly every major leak to WikiLeaks (and the media) has led to the leaker being hammered while the publishers are awarded prizes, as with WikiLeaks.
That is evident from the number of leakers who have been severly punished while WikiLeaks and Assange is showered with glory.and repetitive news coverage. Wikipedia's WikiLeaks entry is grotesque.
That's asymmetric racketeering side of leakage, to the benefit of journalists, publishers, lawyers and public interest organizations, all of whom are granted special privileges by authorities and in many cases handsome donations from fat cats through tax benefits.
Its as if by overdoing lauding Assange and WikiLeaks those who have taken the highest risk can be slighted with impunity. Only fools would leak if they knew what is in store for them, not just the brief attention dispensed by outlets.
Anonymity, non-tracability and comsec, always, if leak you must. Before proceeding, think twice, thrice, avoid believing the glory stories. Else you're cannon fodder for information generals.

@_date: 2018-12-25 22:46:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_Timothy_C._May_tribute_-_TDS_=E2=80=9C#1?= =?iso-8859-1?Q?Timothy_C._May_Fan_Site 
Tim relished hurling offensive language in the way Trump (and a slew of others) do against herdish PC. But he does not curse and spout vulgarities as if linguistic propriety enhances credibility, hard to imagine him bragging of grabbing pussies.
Those who knew him praise his courtesy and generosity face to face, in contrast to his contrarian, disputatious online persona. This contrast is what differs highly confident, courageous, intelligent Tim from always insulting, insecure, cowardly, ignorant Trump and similar pretentious grandstanders.
The cpunks potpourri of personas and means of expression is what made it so addictive to those tired of numbing public and professional prevariacative discourse of education, law, politics, diplomacy, warmaking, finance, art, religion, nearly all sounding and meaning much the same: mono-educated, censorious, judgmental, biased, intolerant, smooth-talking lies and false promises, in the end treacherous, often murderous, against anyone who refused to obey house rules. Tim mocked and ridiculed by stating openly what these genocidal supremacists said and planned and executed in secret inside their authoritarian cults.
He understood the frontier had closed, anarcho-libertarians the last holdouts, the East Coast Globalist  hordes rapidly exterminating dissidents, rebels, outcasts. Pockets of resistance, like cpunks, anonymists, official secrecy opponents, grew quieter, he did not. So faced late in life ridicule and stigma. No problema for Tim, that.

@_date: 2018-12-25 15:37:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks was demon seed of Trump 
Cypherpunks Spawn Google Hits, December 25, 2018
Trump 1,480,000,000
Bear Market 734,000,000
Bitcoin 639,000,000
Bull Market 302,000,000
Crypto 170,000,000
Mueller 148,000,000
WikiLeaks 29,300,000
Assange 20,300,000
1. The spawn of the devil. 2. A person that does things that are really evil.
Imprisonment and forced impregnation of a woman by an artificially intelligent computer.

@_date: 2018-12-16 15:23:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim May Hosts Cypherpunks Party September 2002 
6 September 2002
ANNOUNCEMENT: Cypherpunks Meeting and Party/BBQ, Saturday, September 14th, 2002. Tim May's house, Corralitos, California.
* WHAT?: Ten years ago this month the first Cypherpunks meeting. Cypherpunks meeting and party. Several interesting talks are planned, though nothing of the usual "political action" sort. A flexible agenda will be posted at the meeting. I am hoping we can have as stimulating a discussion as we had at our first meetings a decade ago.
* WHEN?: Saturday, September 14th, 1 p.m. to "late." (A limited amount of people can stay overnight--ask me about it.) Formal talks will probably run for several hours, then the informal and BBQ/party takes over. People can arrive as early as 1 p.m. and hang out, but the formal agenda will start promptly at 2.
* WHERE?: Tim May's house in Corralitos, east of Santa Cruz and north of Watsonville. 427 Allan Lane, Corralitos. Detailed driving instructions at the end of this message...or use one of the many mappers on the Net. It takes about an hour to get from Sunnyvale to my house, about 40 miles, so plan your travel accordingly.
* WHO?: Cypherpunks and friends who are not narcs or Feds. Contrary to some meetings in the past, this is NOT an "open meeting, open to all." That strategy worked OK for some meetings in public places where certain kinds of software were to be distributed. But my house is a private residence. I have nothing against legitimate cops enforcing legitimate laws, but I don't want persecutors traipsing through my house, perhaps planting evidence, looking for signs of illegal activities or grounds for a warrant, etc. This is a PRIVATE RESIDENCE and I intend to escort to the door anyone who is unknown to others. If you are a lurker who doesn't know anybody and you want to attend, send me e-mail and we'll arrange something.
* WHAT ELSE?: Parking may be tight. And because of the distance, carpooling with your friends would be good. A cat lives in the house...don't leave any doors open, and tell me if you see him get out.
* CHILDREN?: My house is not child-friendly, and I don't have time to make sure nothing dangerous is exposed. Please leave children out of this meeting/party.
* FOOD: If you stay for the evening BBQ and party, bring something to share. Don't everyone bring a bag of chips! The Corralitos Market is a popular place for meats, sausages, etc. (Don't everyone bring sausages, either!) And if you drink, remember the drive home.
--Tim May (location instructions below)
Getting to Tim May's house in Corralitos:
427 Allan Lane (MapQuest works well). 831-728-0152
 From Santa Cruz, south on Highway 1. Take Freedom Boulevard exit in Aptos. Go inland, on Freedom Blvd.  Travel about 5 miles, to first stop sign. Take a left on Corralitos Road. At the the next stop sign, the Corralitos Market (good sausages!) will be on your left. Just before the stop sign, bear right on Brown's Valley Road. Cross bridge and then bear left as Brown's Valley Road turns. Travel about one mile to Allan Lane, on the right.
Allan Lane is at about the "360" mailbox point on Brown's Valley Road...if you go too far and enter the redwoods, turn back! Drive to top of hill on Allan Lane.  At top, bear left, over a small rise, past a house on the left, then down my driveway. My house will be the white stucco semi-Spanish style, with a red Explorer and black Mercedes in the driveway.
Note for parties: You can park either in my driveway or at the top of the hill and walk a few hundred feet. Don't block any driveways!
 From points south of Santa Cruz, take Green Valley Road exit off of Highway 1. Travel about 2 miles to Freedom Boulevard. Turn left. Then right at Corralitos Road.
--- begin forwarded text
Hi there,
I am a reporter at Wired News. We received notice of the upcoming Cypherpunks 10th anniversary bash. I am thinking of writing a short article about the history and current status of the cypherpunk community.
Obviously, things have changed a lot in the last 10 years. I imagine that you and other cypherpunks would have much to say on the topic. Please feel free to rant and rave to me about whatever you feel would be relevant to this kind of article.
When did the Cypherpunks come into existence? Who were the founding members? What was the inital purpose? What kinds of people are involved?
Who (socially, I mean, not names!) exactly are the members of the group? How many at any one time? Is it a rotating membership, with people coming and going?
There has been a substantial amount of press dedicated to the Cypherpunks, what's been the community response?
Have their been internal discussions about the repercussions of the media's involvement and the like?
Wired News had a very familiar relationship with the cypherpunks - has it been viewed as a positive thing?
Have the ideals of the group changed over the years?
Are there any manifestos or official statements from the group that I can access?
What are the future plans for the cypherpunks?
I attempted to access cypherpunks.com but most of the links are dead, why isn't anyone maintaining it? Or is it unrelated to the current community?
With whom else are the cypherpunks allied?
What do you, personally, have to say about the future of the Internet, privacy, legislation, hacking, phreaking, cyber terrorism, the governement. etc?
And finally, who else should I be talking to?
Thanks for your time. I am hoping to get the story done before the end of next week (i.e., before the actual party.) Of course, I would never publish the location of the party or any other information that you don't feel comfortable about.
Danit Lidor
I am also available at 415.276.3925. Please leave me a message if I'm away from my desk. I am more than happy to call you back.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2018-12-09 16:56:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Assange Journalism 
Very little from Snowden's many years as CIA=20
employee prior to short-term as NSA contractor=20
has been revealed. Turf battles between the two=20
agencies are legendary, including planting their=20
spies in each other's innards. CIA favors human agents, NSA technology.
This suggests Snowden was a CIA implant to out=20
(selective) NSA technology. If so, it certainly=20
worked, at least for a while until NSA used the=20
operation to beef up funding for new and possibly=20
stronger technology. Just look at its vast=20
construction of MD tech temples and recruiting at universities.
To be sure all the 9/11-fattened spies benefited=20
from Snowden's operation, and in that his op is=20
hardly new, the spies have been running breaches=20
for decades to enhance funding and deepening=20
secrecy. They all work in concert at this,=20
exchanging tips and perks with foreign spies.
Leaks, aka unauthorized disclosures, have been=20
part of this from day one of spying, not just=20
modern, but also ancient, even neanderthal. Spies=20
beget spies, secrecy begets secrecy, ostensible=20
betrayals beget ostensible betrayals. Favored=20
journalists beget favored journalists. Outlaw mavericks beget the same.
The sanctimonious name "national security" is a=20
relatively new moniker, circa 1947 in he US, but=20
so are nations rather than royalties and=20
theocracies. One way to tell who runs the shows=20
is by looking at their self-vaunting monuments.=20
In the case of CIA and NSA, look at their=20
infrastructure for humans and technology, respectively.
Digital technology is an NSA operation, for=20
example, journalism and academia run by CIA.=20
Division between the two established by the=20
National Security Act of 1947. CIA remained=20
ostentatously above board, NSA hiding behind No Such Agency.
I assume Snowden is still working for CIA, bound=20
by a secrecy agreement until he dies, not the=20
secrecy-porous for NSA contractors. Presumbably=20
Moscow assesses him this way, and will=20
persistently suck his mind and blood as they run=20
his worldwide recruiting operation in cahoots=20
with CIA, NSA hot on their heels but winded by obesity.
Greenwald is a vain, useful idiot in this charade. So too Assange.
Mammon bless their Oscar-winning entertaining=20
foolhardiness, aka "influence." Both tailoring=20
bespoke regalia for Trump's royalist "L'=E9tat, c'est moi."
 at
 where

@_date: 2018-12-06 13:40:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Hand over encrypted data. 
Hasn't it been the case almost since day one of crypto wars to expect authorities to limit its use, adjusting prohibitions, warnings, dire threats, legislation as new means of crypto are deployed?
And "new" means are continually being developed, and many of them quickly expropriated by contracts with authorities.
Coders and developers switch sides from being poor to be rather well to do. Quite a few cypherpunks have followed this path, and why not "get real," with aging, families, debts and envy of the success of those who switch sides, get bought out, sign up for lucrative speaking fees, promulgate reasons for being cooperative rather than Is there any currently popular crypto/comsec/infosec product not subject to this "go along to get along?"
Cybersecurity coupld with cyberfailure are fantastic cash cows, golden gooses, gold rushes. Assange has reportedly become a millionaire twice over, and a large portion of that is assumed to be laundered official money, as tax write-off or simply dirty.
But that is the industry standard of security in all it versions. Keep it secret, blow theats and safety at consumers and citizenry.
Smartest cybersecurity developers are working for totalizing "smart" to every spot on online and on earth, in every head and home. While preaching privacy protection with latest porous prophylactics, once called backdoors, confessionals, prayers, trust in deity. Now called upgrades and sure-fire, ever better, ways to excuse failure, maintain faith in a reputation in a brand.
Built-in failure by the most trusted, surely not that. Send conributions here to keep up the fight.
And don't ever go off on your own, experts must review your shit for golden nuggets. Do expose your best to conferences, believe in open source review, seek investors, crowd-fund, stay fucked.

@_date: 2018-12-19 22:57:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Tim May's Passing Confirmed 
James Ellis was forerunner of Cocks' PKC in 1970,=20
"conceived of the possibility of "non-secret=20
encryption", more commonly termed=20
Diffie-Hellman is sometimes suggested to have=20
been aided by NSA whispered nudging of GCHQ=20
classified efforts. Diffie denies this. To be=20
sure, crypto leaking strengths and vulns is=20
inherent in crypto wars. Not many know of=20
Diffie's TEMPEST hair which bypasses NSA's TSCM during visits.
 of

@_date: 2018-12-17 11:54:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Tim May's Passing Confirmed 
Another excellent, informative post. Thanks=20
twice, Jim, a swell way to honor Tim and others=20
who have made substantial gifts here and=20
elsewhere, now diminished by dreck-diseased SM=20
and corrupted by thieving ads, rants, trollings, biases, bots, Trumps. John
 roducts_visitors.htm>
 779304693760>
 /10155498914786706>

@_date: 2018-12-15 18:44:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim May's Passing Confirmed 
This confirms Tim May's passing, by long-time cpunk, Lucky Green
Dear Friends, It is with sadness that news reaches me of the passing of my dear friend Tim May - Cypherpunks co-Founder, Discoverer of Radiation-Induced Single Even Upsets in Integrated Circuits, and Uncompromising Firearms Proponent: Tweet:  Obit:  Ad Astra, Tim! --Lucky

@_date: 2018-12-22 23:23:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim May 1992 Post on Future of Cyberspace/Cryptology/Digital Money/Transnationalism 
Tim May 1992 Post on Future of Cyberspace/Cryptology/Digital Source: Some thoughts on the recent meetings and what we're doing:
1. The importance of trading physical goods in the Crypto Anarchy
This, in my view, has been given undue and misleading importance.
Physical goods are inherently easy to trace through remailers (via
sniffers, radioactive tracers, weight of packages, and many other
physical cues), are hard to store physically (imagine getting 100
parcels for later remailing), and, most importantly, have none of the
"envelope within envelope within...." protection accorded to the bits
of a cryptographic remailing, or DC-Net, system! The elegance of
cryptographic protocols is lost with physical goods.
Furthermore, physical delivery of any good, whether drugs, stolen
missile components, antiquities and art items, whatever, is
fundamentally a hard problem to solve...smugglers and thieves have
been dealing this since the beginning of time. Stings can be easily
arranged, delivery is not anonymous (one merely watches who takes
delivery, or who opens a train station locker, etc....this is all SOP
for narcs and counterespionage types), and a raid on a remailing
entity will result in confiscation of the physical goods and (likely)
prosecution of those caught holding the stuff. (Raiding a bit
remailing entity produces only random-appearing bits...granted, the
authorities may well outlaw bit remailing, or use the RICO and
conspiracy/sedition laws to prosecute, but that's another topic.)
Our recent emphasis on physical goods, and all the ideas pouring in on
what other kinds of "contraband" besides drugs can be used, is
misleading. None of the richness of the cryptographic world is
faithfully preserved. I urge we get back to our roots and deal only
with things that can be expressed purely in bit form.
2. The "colonization of cyberspace" does not mean there is no
interaction with the physical world, of course. But that interaction
can be mediated with money made by converting information or digital
money into physical money. Several methods for this conversion path
can be considered:
-Alice sells information in the cyberspace domain for the equivalent
of, say, $30,000. She converts this to "real" dollars by using an
escrow entity which hold both sides of the transaction until it's
completed. They then mail the information to the purchaser and send an
ordinary check "for services rendered" to Alice for $30K. She reports
it on her taxes, probably as a "consulting fee" (for which essentially
no government supervision currently exists, nor is likely to....), and
the conversion has taken place. (Note: there are still elements of
trust involved, notably involving the escrow agent, but trust works
pretty well for many things, especially when reputations are at
stake. Understanding how real businesses depend on reputations is a
missing part of modern cryptology analyses of transactions...the
protocol analyzers and number theorists almost never take into account
how reputations work in the real world, But I digress.)
-Alice and Bob trade information such that Bob gets the information
worth about $30K, as above, and Alice gets another piece of
information she can use in the "real world" that is worth about $30K.
This might be stock tips, or, better, information she can turn around
and sell in the "open market" of a service like AMIX! There are lots
of wrinkles, inefficiencies, etc., to be worked out.
-And then there is digital money. You all know about this, or should.
David Chaum, DigiCash, blinded notes, credentials, etc. The handout
for the first meeting had a glossary of terms. (IMHO, we should be
spending more of our time at our meeting discussing this, and less in
playing more interations of the Game.)
The fascinating novel "Snow Crash," by Neil Stephenson, makes a
mistake in having Hiro Protagonist a very wealthy man in the Metaverse
(Stephenson's term for the virtual reality cyberspace) but a very poor
man in the Real World. Information _is_ money. Information is liquid,
flows across borders, and is generally convertible into real money.
(One simple conversion strategy, alluded to above, is for Alice to
sell her information for, say, $500K, and then to receive a
"consulting contract," perhaps called a "retainer," of $50K a year for
the next 20 years. Her retainer is fully legal, is perhaps handled
through cut-outs who specialize in this kind of thing, and is a
low-risk way to "launder" money from cyberspace into the real world. I
have a lot more to say on these schemes, perhaps later.)
3. Are we emphasizing "The Game" too much?
If the goal is to produce a paper-based game, similar to "Monopoly" or
fantasy role-playing games, then I suppose more practice is needed.
But I'm not sure how worthwhile it is to try to design such a game.
(Those who wish to should do so, then commercialize it, and become the
Avalon Hill of crypto games!)
If the goal is educational, for newly interested folks, then I also
question how much more effort should be put into it. The ideas of
anonymous remailers, of digital money, etc., are, I think, gotten
across in the first 60 minutes of the game, especially if some of the
formalism is first explained (as it was at the first game, where
digital mixes, tamper-resistand modules for implementing mixes, the
"Dining Cryptographers Protocol," and digital money had all been
freshly covered, so participants were putting the theory to test).
I found the first game was instructive, the second much less so (and
_not_ because of the focus on drug selling...that was a relatively
minor issue). My impression is that many of the newcomers--and they
should jump in here with their own reactions (too bad we don't have
hypertext links!)--didn't really know how remailing mixes work, how
digital psueodnyms can protect privacy in transactions, and how the
"Game" was intended to exercise these concepts.
4. We need to talk about the charter or purpose of the "Cypherpunks"
or "Cryptology Amateurs for Social Irresponsibility" (CASI--Eric
Hughes's term) group.
-Is it mostly educational?
-Is it a lobbying group, as are EFF, CPSR, and the like?
-Is it to produce remailers, digital money, and other programming?
-Is it subversive?
Now clearly we can't say it's subversive (any bets on who's gatewaying
these messages to Other Listeners?). But we also don't want to skew
things toward "YALG" (Yet Another Lobbying Group), nor do we want to
be a spoon-feeding educational group for people with a casual (and
transient) interest in crypto stuff.
5. There have have been several messages so far about worries about
the legal implications of these topics, about how some
corporate-affiliated subscribers will desubscribe "real fast" if
certain discussion trends continue, and so on. Now we can't please
everybody, but maybe we ought to talk about this sensitive issue soon,
and _in person_.
Since it relates to our charter, Point 4 above, I recommend we do this
at our next meeting. I'd favor that over another iteration of the
In conclusion, we are in at the beginning of Something Big. While I'm
somewhat skeptical about the claims for things like nanotech, I see
this whole cyberspace/cryptology/digital money/transnationalism ball of
wax being _much_ easier to implement. Networks are multiplying beyond
any hope of government control, bandwidths are skyrocketing, CPUs are
putting awesome power on our desktops, PGP is generating incredible
interest, and social trends are making the time right for crypto
I look forward to hearing your views.
Timothy C. May | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409 | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | PGP 2.0 and MailSafe keys by arrangement.

@_date: 2018-12-25 20:38:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_Timothy_C._May_tribute_-_TDS_=E2=80=9C#1_?=  Timothy =?iso-8859-1?Q?C._May_Fan_Si 
... [Sig tag]
--Tim May
We would go to their homes, and we'd kill their wives and
their children. We would kill their families
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
ComSec 3DES:   831-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Licensed Ontologist         | black markets, collapse of governments.

@_date: 2019-01-08 16:52:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: US 9/11: The Dark Overlord - Feeds Grand Jury, Fucks With The Deep State 
This group is woefully unqualified to judge the cause of WTC collapses. We have observed its gradual growth with half-baked theories intended to bedazzle gullible consumers.
Meanwhile the structural engineer of the WTC Twin Towers, Leslie E. Roberston, has been successful at reestablishing his reputation so much that his firm (LERA) is the top structural peer reviewer for NYC's supertall structures.
This is not to overlook the likelihood of Robertson's peer review is not part of a public deception about the safety of supertalls as the City of New York Department of Buildings has sharply diminished its evaluation of submitted construction drawings since 1975 under pressure from banks, developers and contractrs and after 9/11 accelerated its sweethearting to favor supertalls by use of, what else, replacement of experienced human reviewers with inexperienced computer jockies who are forbidden to visit and inspect actual construction sites.
Cryptome is publishing complete sets of supertall construction drawings under the title of "The Most Dangerous NYC Buildings:"
The Introduction's first three documents lay out how this has come about. TDO is on the right track but it is certainly going to be fiercely opposed by the global FIRE industry by way of the customary bag of demonization. One way to do that is accuse TDO of being a FIRE

@_date: 2019-03-24 23:19:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sign petition: Revoke Article 50 and remain in the EU. 
Sign petition: Revoke Article 50 and remain in the EU.
Only British citizens or UK residents have the right to sign

@_date: 2019-04-11 11:07:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screen Shots of Assange Arrest by London Police 
Screen shots of Assange arrest, resisting limp and shouting:

@_date: 2019-04-20 21:48:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Julian Assange LiveStream 
Assange presaged this in his papers "State and Terrorist Conspiracies," November 10, 2006 and "Conspiracy as Governance," December 3, 2006, published a few weeks after WikiLeaks was founded in October that year.
Bluntly, WikiLeaks is a perfect waterhole to attract leakers to be documented by waterhole watchers.
Org secrecy combined with public protection avowal essential by spy guide.
The org's various sustained, ostentatious gambits for 12 years have been masterfully planned and executed as regularly done by professional spy agencies.
Press co-optation and manipulation, after initially, to 2010 Collateral Murder press conference, condemning the press until needing to invoke press privilege.
Iceland, Sweden, Interpol, UK arrest, Manning, embassy asylum, Snowden, lately RU-hacked emails, long-rumored indictment, media-staged arrest, Mueller report celebritization, with months if not years of sustained publicity to come.
End game: Show trial(s), conviction(s), appeal(s), followed by pardon if not suicided or whacked. New identity and pension possible, or a Sabu-like continued undercover service.

@_date: 2019-04-19 08:56:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Julian Assange LiveStream 
Yep, if he's extradited, this is how it will go. Unless choked to death in a paddy wagon, poisoned, knifed, shot, dropped from a chopper, droned, electrocuted, chemo'd, infected with fatal disease, or converted to a high value undercover (deeper than since 2006).
Meanwhile, El Papa Frank is working a quickie sainthood with eternal asylum in St. Pete's Squat coutured in finery with Yahweh's holy sexual predators.

@_date: 2019-04-14 07:42:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WikiLeaks Publishes Its List of Files for Download 
WikiLeaks Donors 2009, pre-Collateral Murder/Manning windfall.

@_date: 2019-04-14 07:36:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WikiLeaks Publishes Its List of Files for Download 
Of course, the WL list is a gov-vetting/deception/withholding/redacting/favored outlet operation, modeled on national security/mortality-terrorism practiced from Day One.
Still, the file list is far more valuable than the Assange idolization which has become obscene, even    Jim Jones-like as it has lured many into its honey trap, Ecuador/Five Eyes/Manning/Snowden. The Intercept complicit in shared spotlight.
Assange has peddled personal glorification since the origination of WikiLeaks, aided by skills of an accomplished troubador, actor, self-promoter, hacker, wife/mother/female/underlings exploiter.
Nothing unusual about that for it capitalizes! on the essential role of government, business and institution to glorify themselves and bloodsuck their supporters angling for being part of something other than their squalid selves.
Rebels know nothing beyond adopting the means and methods of those they rebel against in order to be elected into The Elect and shit on, rape, the willing unelect. No wonder self-loathing journalists, enslaved by advertising-enslaved publishers are drawn to, celebrate, professional con-artists. Headlines and bylines rule, forget what follows the bleeding myrhh, aka leaked documents.
Assange is leaking suicidal Kool-Aid begun at this fountainhead of disparagement and sucking up to authorities who dispense privileges, "constitutional," got it, via NGO tax minimization and agreement to quietly vet disclosures ahead of public release. Donors don't risk their fortunes.
Thus, this very list's creation and continued celebration/denigration of its fucked-up pseudo-rebellious cutsie-brand. Mea culpa maxima.

@_date: 2019-04-13 21:44:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WikiLeaks Publishes Its List of Files for Download 
Torrent here:
Index of /
25-Sep-2018 08:37                   -
02-May-2014 15:22                   -
21-Jun-2018 23:06                   -
01-Jan-1984 01:01                 279
01-Jan-1984 01:01                1406
01-Jan-1984 01:01             2427241
01-Jan-1984 01:01             5094580
01-Jan-1984 01:01                  27
01-Jan-1984 01:01            68730880
"torrent.tar contains the entire /torrent/ directory.
file.torrent contains file.tar file as torrent -=20
RECOMMENDED, PLEASE USE THAT FOR ENTIRE FILE COLLECTION!
files-all.torrent is the same, contains entire=20
file collection, but they are not packed. Choose either suits you best."
 Message =E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90

@_date: 2019-05-31 11:04:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange SE Detention Hearng Uppsala District Court 
Detention hearing in Case B 3167-19
[2019-05-21] Uppsala tingsr=E4tt
The prosecutor has applied for a detention order in the Case.
The detention hearing will be held on June 3rd,=20
2019 at 10.00 am at Uppsala District Court. The=20
Court has taken into consideration both the=20
requirement of a speedy procedure and the right=20
for the suspect to prepare his defence, when deciding the date for the=
 hearing.
If you want to reserve seats in the court room,=20
please contact Henrik Strand through e-mail=20
(henrik.strand )."

@_date: 2019-05-23 21:08:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Julian Assange Superseding Indictment. May 23, 2019 
Julian Assange Superseding Indictment, Warrant Issued, May 23, 2019
 (37 pages)

@_date: 2019-05-02 19:44:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange Court Rulings 
R v Julian Assange (Bail Act offence)
Sentencing Remarks of HHJ Deborah Taylor
Southwark Crown Court
1 May 2019

@_date: 2019-05-09 12:24:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI investigating 850 cases of potential domestic terrorism 
"FBI investigating 850 cases of potential domestic terrorism: The FBI has nearly 850 domestic terrorism investigations underway, and the number of cases targeting white supremacists, white nationalists, and other racially-motivated extremists has jumped in the past six months, federal law enforcement officials told the House Committee on Homeland Security on Wednesday. The head of the FBI's counterterrorism division, Assistant Director Michael McGarrity, said that about 40 percent of those investigations target subjects who adhere to racist ideologies, and "a significant majority" of them are white nationalists or white supremacists. The vast majority of the other cases involve subjects who promote anti-government or anti-authority sentiments, McGarrity testified."

@_date: 2019-05-13 10:01:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sweden: Preliminary investigation in the Assange case to be reopened 
Swedish Prosecution Authority  13-05-2019
Preliminary investigation in the Assange case to be reopened.
Deputy Director of Public Prosecution Eva-Marie Persson has today decided to reopen the Assange case that was previously discontinued.
Decision to reopen (3 pages):
Cryptome mirror:

@_date: 2019-05-14 17:31:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WIRED: A Cisco Router Bug Has Massive Global Implications 
What's the security benefit of Red Balloon's=20
attacks? Is this not a type of extortion or maybe=20
angling for bragging rights, a bribe to keep=20
quiet or a buy-out from deep-pocketed targets.=20
Hard to distinguish white hats from black and=20
gray (also Red Hat), sanctimony from villainy.=20
All emulating national security racketeering, or=20
more like religious whipsawing fear and salvation.
Leaking secrets has become a masturbation porn=20
racket too, always was, mea culpa.
 Message =E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90
 trust buoy,=E2=80=9D Cui says.
 deployment.
 you."
 normally.
 WIRED.
 environments.

@_date: 2019-05-20 15:37:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Goro Shimura, 89, Mathematician RIP 
Goro Shimura, 89, Mathematician With Broad Impact, Is Dead
"His insights led to tools widely used in modern cryptography."
"A proof of a form of the Taniyama-Shimura conjecture would also prove Fermat's Last Theorem. In the 1990s, Andrew Wiles, then also at Princeton, figured out how to do just that, and Fermat's Last Theorem had finally been proved true.
Dr. Wiles, now at the University of Oxford in England, wrote in an email that the Taniyama-Shimura conjecture was "a fundamental pivot in the proof of Fermat's Last Theorem." The proof also employed other key results of Dr. Shimura's research, he said."

@_date: 2019-05-22 10:43:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Craig Steven Wright's Bitcoin Copyright 5-20-2019 
Craig Steven Wright's Bitcoin Copyright 5-20-2019
Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System.

@_date: 2019-06-19 12:54:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: National Cryptologic Museum Library Catalog 
Astonishing crypto bibliography, 726 pages, about 30 entries per page.

@_date: 2019-06-03 16:25:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sweden to Continue Assange Case with EU Order 
Comment on the Assange case
Comment from the prosecutor on the Court's decision to detain Julian Assange.
"I fully respect the court's decision. They had to take a position on a difficult assessment issue, which I considered should be examined by a court", says Deputy Director of Public Prosecution Eva-Marie Persson.
"The investigation continues with interviews in Sweden. I will also issue a European Investigation Order in order to interview Julian Assange. No date has been set yet. We will constantly review the state of the investigation.", says Eva-Marie Persson.
European Investigation Order

@_date: 2019-06-02 14:41:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Julian Assange LiveStream 
Forgo "disclosure" and "non-disclosure," NGO and NDA; The "non" implicates, is misleading, moderates and dilutes opposition, is downright deceptive. So too is "dis." And "redact" and censor and secretkeep. Those who non, dis, redact, censor and secretkeep brag of knowing more than they tell, vaunt themselves as power games riggers in confession and appeal to their cult. They  demean and stigmatize those "who go too far" in unfettered revelation, "dumping" and failing to abide the rules of rigging.
Tell what you know or shut the fuck up, the latter much superior. Lurking is the way to go.
Heed this, telling is lying. Leaks lie exactly as do secrets.

@_date: 2019-06-02 11:33:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Julian Assange LiveStream 
Well foretold.
Disclosure of national security secrets has become a cult as addictive and crippling as non-disclosure, NDA v. leaks. Both suffer excessive secrecy as if wedded in a vainglorious conspiracy to claim to protect and reveal much but carefully dispense only that which buttresses their information and power control, eyeing and emulating one another to guarantee mutual benefits.
Neither fully serves the populace, instead disdains consumers, propagandas for product, adopts one another's practices, revolving doors their practitioners, aided and abetted by governments pretending to act on behalf of their subjects. Prosecutors, judges, legislators, executives, lockstep with each other and with their ostensible opponents, especially the governmentally-privileged wealthy, NGOs, journalists and manufactures of weaponry, hardware and software, paid and free.
Periodic orchestrated campaigns of Ellsbergs, Mannings, Snowdens, et al, signal breakaway insiders but merely confirm these are standard operating procedures for limited disclosure to boost reputations of disclosers and non-disclosers.
The Internet promised a change with free software, free access, free discourse, and immediately became dominated by practitioners of duplicity, openness concealing secrecy, deceptions long established. Witness this very forum and its vanity description on Wikipedia.
Or more telling, the Web, Wikimedia and Archive, kissing cousins of Google, SM, aggregators, bots, Tor, Deep Web, all dancing to the tune of TLAs with Terms of Service, privacy policies, redactions, omissions, secure submissions, open source vetting, which baldly disclose cooperation with authorities, trust us even so.
This is all well known and belabored, hustled and lipsticked, mea culpa. Still, there are possibilities for avoiding the domination of, and manipulation by, secretkeepers and their complicit opponents. One is to keep away from the most popular and promoted infosec, comsec, techsec, privacy, indeed, sec in all its permuations, especially that associated with natsec -- the civil-military-commercial-NGO occult.
Secrecy and leakage, don't believe anything about them, same coin.

@_date: 2019-06-01 10:54:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Julian Assange LiveStream 
Bear in mind Assange is a skilled, dramatic,=20
life-long, homeless actor. Favorite roles are=20
long-suffering, aggrieved, heroic, vain,=20
arrogant, prideful, narcissistic, disobedient,=20
exploitive. A didactic political theorist,=20
populist philosopher, down-under humorist,=20
caustic wit, publicity hound, multi-hued=20
chameleonist, global-cyclist troubador yodeler,=20
secretive donation-grubbing cheat, bail-jumping deadbeat.
For these highly entertaining, enviable,=20
fuck-the-man-and-rape-the-women, if formulaic=20
misbehaviors, he is beloved, celebrated,=20
rock-star-grade Bad Boy, or as some=20
pornographically propound, a Christ-like wanker to be evangelized.
If appearing to suffer sado-masochistic torture=20
is required, no problema, he and fans have=20
espoused this erotic fantasy for 7 years in his=20
self-committed isolation chamber, a swell=20
rehearsal and publicity campaign scripted and=20
acted by lawyers, public relations experts and=20
visiting celebs. He and supporting cast do put on=20
a damned fine circus of fakery.
Trials, several of them, will be fabulously=20
lucrative click-bait and crowd-funders, the most=20
recent outpouring of mendacious journalists and=20
gravy-train hustlers yet another staged prize winner.
Julian's auto-obit being gleefuly crafted in a=20
hospital bed as we expectantly yearn for the masturbatory crucifixion.
 =E2=80=9CMr.

@_date: 2019-06-03 10:33:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Autonomous Next Generation Leaks 
Quite helpful suggestions. Probably should give=20
up use of "leak" due to it becoming a marketing=20
term, It now exaggerates, over-emphasizes=20
content, "coutures," vaunts the predictable and=20
traceable process from source to outlet.
Public library could work, just deposit material=20
in a place to be found, discovered, almost=20
accidentally, belatedly, maybe never, or right=20
away, rather than greedily hyped to the max by=20
media monsters which twist the content to favor=20
the commercial industry (including the=20
promo-addled gov, NGO, op-ed, essay, speech, SM, mail lists, et al).
Searching for and possibly sharing (or not)=20
material on your own, at your own pace, at your=20
own method, in a widely varying terrain, without=20
spoon feeding by computer, print, TED,=20
influencer, headliner, hustlers and promoters is=20
far better because it limits external,=20
highly-biased management of understanding and subsequent action.
Marketing has fucked consumers (marketing term)=20
online and offline, not just with illusory=20
privacy and security, but by excluding and=20
demeaning "unimportant" information. It=20
deliberately distorts, okay, lies and thereby=20
encourages consumers to do the same as normality.
It may take an effort to overcome what=20
"education" has instilled in its consumers about=20
significance, obedience, careerism, language,=20
technology, finance, arts, the works.
Leaks scream, most often incoherently, and induce=20
screaming and babbling in response.
Silence is worth practicing, avoid being noticed,=20
angered, goaded, offended and responsive behavior=20
documented. Trust and truth these days are cheap=20
desperate houswifey brands. So too democracy.
 researcher...
 =AD
 After
 paid to do.
 three
=80=99s painful to
 beginning.
 the

@_date: 2019-06-03 16:04:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Swedish Assange Detention Order Dismissed, Alternate EU Order Suggested 
Decision concerning an application for a detention order in Case B 3167-19
[2019-06-03] Uppsala tingsr=E4tt
Uppsala District Court has dismissed the public=20
prosecutor=92s request to detain Julian Assange in=20
his absence. A detention order would not be in=20
accordance with the principle of proportionality.
The public prosecutor reopened the preliminary=20
investigation on May 13, 2019 and applied for a=20
detention order at the Court on May 20, 2019. The=20
suspicion of crime is rape, less serious incident, in Enk=F6ping in 2010.
The Court has, at a hearing today, decided that=20
there is probable cause for the suspicion of=20
rape, less serious incident, and that there is a=20
risk that Julian Assange will fail to appear or=20
in some other way avoid participation in the=20
investigation and the following proceedings.
The Court has, however, found that a detention=20
order would not be in accordance with the=20
principle of proportionality. Since Julian=20
Assange is serving a prison sentence the public=20
prosecutor can proceed with the preliminary=20
investigation by issuing a European Investigation Order.

@_date: 2019-06-04 17:50:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: 18 ways Julian Assange changed the world (by Lee Camp) - [PEACE] 
Full-bore Camp is better than I assumed from the redacted ver.
Memorable: his tortured dick (thx Camp) Assange hoisted by fellating WikiLeaks is a pretty good (thx Zimmermann) fictional joke name, not overlooking the list of 140 things really non-true about the cahootenanny.
Movie Fail-Safe is pretty good at megadeath comedizing, still awaiting takedown of privacy, crypto, terror, sexual assault.
Prosecutors rely on fictional non-fiction.

@_date: 2019-06-04 11:00:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: 18 ways Julian Assange changed the world (by Lee Camp) - [PEACE] 
"Changed the world" is marketing hyperbole. Items=20
listed are worthy but hardly planetary-grade,=20
indeed could be disparaged as fake-like headline=20
news. Must point out "WikiLeaks" is a=20
hyperbolizing marketing term, a successful=20
branding campaign composed of two reconfigured, stolen, promotional terms
To be sure, copying predecessors, Martin Luther=20
(and namesake King) posted a list which became a=20
highly successful protestant branding campaign=20
against the dominant only one true "catholic"=20
faith and its erection-architecture-obsessed=20
pederastic church, branding the proliferating,=20
crowd-funding piles with=20
namesaking-saints-listing to lipstick globalizing=20
slaughterhouse murderers which inseminated this=20
spoiled brat of a forever-bragging-branding-USA nation.
Credit, modestly stated, is most certainly due to=20
Assange and his mostly anonymous cohorts for=20
challenging USA and Four Others-branding their=20
global slaughterhouse military with spy-sky=20
lipsticking national security (C)(R) threats. And=20
it may be necessary to exaggerate to gain=20
attention against the vast disinformation=20
hyperbolizing apparatus, lately the Internet, to=20
turn the autocratic weaponized dupery into a=20
counter, comical, dupery, even if only a pinprick.
Fine, then, exaggerate, lie, hide, valorize, but=20
prepare for casualties, "innocents" imprisoned,=20
stigmatized, murdered -- can it not be overstated=20
the mass murderous policies of national security=20
religion are ubiquitous, the tiny killings by=20
armed individuals would not show up on a chart of=20
what nations do, mass-scaled, to anonymous humans.
Lee Camp understates what Assange and company=20
could represent, almost as if he dare not arouse=20
the collaeral murdering giants any more than=20
journalists and "leakers" do, that is exhibit=20
fear and trembling, in hapless literature, as=20
Kierkegaard did of the holy power to condemn and=20
urge killing faithless dissenters.
 us
 bankers=E2=80=99
 know
 by
 United States
 of
 airwaves=97in
 helped
 WikiLeaks=E2=80=99
 winning
 held on
 that
 get

@_date: 2019-06-04 20:20:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Autonomous Next Generation Leaks [re: WL, N ways u change world, etc] 
"Open source" was, is, a magnificent ploy to get access to inventions and information that might have once been kept out of sight by the makers and a few associates. Open source crypto still robbing the guileless by the guilers. Internet, especially its web glorification, another. Wikipedia, Wayback, Google, SM, an almost endless stream of opportunities developed to lure with free services to grab consumer yearnings, opinions, fellows, followers, beliefs, fears, for feeding tailored operations (thx NSA) worldwide to ingest and digest.
Consider in this smearing thread, Snowden's openly disclosed 6 top secret years as CIA employee with specific tools and informarion of operations completely unrevealed while piddling months of contractor service with NSA is generously touted as if high-value golden coin.
In this roasting comedy, Snowden would be the one who runs the NSA snatch for CIA, NSA unable to admit that it was snookered by its number one competitor. CIA dancing in the aisles, toasting its win with one the oldest cons in history: the orchestrated aggrieved insider.
Assange has commented on WikiLeaks being used as a con op, melding accurate material with the bullshit disinfo. As with advertisers and prosecutors, though, he implies this mix is unavoidable, consumers and juries do not want shades of truth, the whole truth and nothing but must be declared to make sales and collaterally murder.
Comedian Camp is right to observe, the overtly guilty are not punished, they are rewarded with prizes and medals, to wit, sanitized Edward Snowden, the "Snowden era" grandly avowed.
Camp's listing of Snowden's family jewels would be fun. Also open source evangelists.

@_date: 2019-07-29 16:54:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The U.S. Treasury Secretary Made A Dire Warning Over The Future Of Bitcoin 
Govs like Bitcoin like they like AP. What they=20
really treasure are to pay trillions of their=20
limitless national debt for military=20
assassinations with weaponized limitless personal=20
data and borderless geolocation.
 year.

@_date: 2019-08-13 15:30:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_PCR:_=E2=80=9CIt's_open_season_on_?= =?iso-8859-1?Q?ZenNazi=E2=80=9D?= 
Points well taken, and the same way soldiers,=20
sailors, marines and airmen are indoctrinated to=20
killing people, provided legal protection and=20
honored with medals for murder (megadeath is=20
best), for ideological purposes. The enemy is not=20
like us, they are inhuman. Vivid examples abound,=20
herewith: slide shows, video games, talking=20
heads, armaments parades, headline gorey news.=20
Militarize your country, home and self, open=20
carry, dress in uniforms, wave torches, spray=20
AKs: Bloodletting is strength, bloodlessness is weakness.
So taught too are hyper-sexualized cammied=20
hunters, freedom fighters, terrorists, fanatics,=20
psychotics, loonies desiring respect and obedience, NRA erotic massagers.
 It

@_date: 2019-08-05 15:39:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cloudfare: Banning 8chan Would Make Spying for Law Enforcement Harder 
In a phone conversation in the early afternoon, Mr. Prince sounded torn: On one hand, 8chan was clearly reprehensible, and depriving it of the protection Cloudflare provides would rid him of a troublesome customer and a huge headache. On the other hand, banning 8chan could set a bad precedent, and it could make it harder for law enforcement authorities to monitor violent extremists. Cloudflare, like other tech companies with a window onto dark internet activity, can share information about crimes with investigators.
Banning 8chan "would make our lives a lot easier," Mr. Prince said, "but it would make the job of law enforcement and controlling hate groups online harder."
Hark and Heed: The Internet's fundamental purpose is to spy on users.

@_date: 2019-08-01 15:34:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: US 9/11: The Dark Overlord - Feeds Grand Jury, Fucks With The Deep State 
Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth is a=20
propaganda racket to excuse architects and=20
engineers for culpability in the WTC collapses.=20
A/Es are all too willing to cut corners for=20
developers, then when shit happens declare they=20
abided "standards of the profession" or as in the=20
WTC disaster assert explosives did it. Acts of=20
god, unexpected forces, beyond the standards of=20
the profession are whipped out in concert to=20
cover asses, and unite in bringing in dupes like=20
fire fighters to build public support. Con=20
artists working the crowd, a perfect fit for the Trump era.
FWIW, the structural engineer of the Twin Towers,=20
Leslie Robertson, PE, has rebuilt his reputation=20
and is now the go-to engineer for peer review of=20
high rises, reviews inaugurated as a result of=20
9/11. The development industry adores=20
these  compliant engineers, as do politicians who=20
give not a shit about public safety, instead seek=20
campaign contributions and easy going building=20
department reviews. NYC Department of Buildings=20
Chief Engineer has criticized lax peer review but=20
is over-ruled by the higher-ups.
Structural Peer Review Practice in New York City
More on the Most Dangerous NYC Buildings (some 205 files from the NYC DOB):
BTW, NYC DOB has no jurisdiction over WTC,=20
instead a NY-NJ Port Authority, a bi-state=20
agency, governed WTC design and construction in 2001 and now.
 fallen
     AND
 while
 investigation.
 Petition was
 30th Amended

@_date: 2019-08-04 17:20:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "White Terrorism" Lone-Wolf Losers 
"F.B.I. classifies it as domestic terrorism, but 'white terrorism' is more precise," Mr. Ron Rosenstein [ex-DAG] said on Twitter. "Many of the killers are lone-wolf losers indoctrinated to hate through the internet, just like Islamic terrorists."
Nobody like that on peace-loving cpunks.

@_date: 2019-08-04 17:30:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Smartphone Same as Black Helo 
The Military-Style Surveillance Technology Being Tested in American Cities
"Under law, there's no difference between a photo taken by a smartphone through an airplane window and one taken by an ultrapowerful camera in a helo hovering over your backyard."

@_date: 2019-08-05 17:09:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cloudflare terminates services for 8Chan 
Louder the rant about ISPs, govs, non-whites, women, the more likely the ranter is doing worse. self-loathing, insecure. The Sabu (or lately Trump, shooters) syndrome.

@_date: 2019-09-27 14:42:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NYTimes snitches Ukraine phone call whistleblower, tries to rationalize it under false pretenses 
Identity of the CIA Whistleblower
Already the whistleblower is under attack and=20
threated with retribution, unlikely to be=20
defended by any of the parties involved despite=20
protection regulations. Only the public can=20
protect the party against closed government ranks=20
and official secrecy practices.
Dominant issue now is, are, the whistleblower=20
complaint cover-up(s): why CIA counsel reported=20
the complaint to White House beyond required=20
simple notification, records of the extended=20
discussions among CIA, White House, DoJ and ODNI,=20
why the White House hid the allegedly=20
unclassified materal in a highly classified=20
server, who was involved in stalling and hiding,=20
was the hidden material modified, were copies=20
and/or back-ups made to assure accuracy, who had=20
access to the hidden material, when will it be=20
made public in full withut redactions of any=20
material and any related substantiation.
Then, what other material was handled in this=20
manner, and same disclosures about that material.

@_date: 2019-09-23 22:59:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA Cyber Command Authorized to Implant Malicious Software 
So true. Began when a bow-tie shaped plaza was misnamed Times Square.

@_date: 2019-09-21 16:16:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Salting Leaks and Releases by FOIA and Court 
Suspend full belief in orchestrated leaks and releases by FOIA and courts of "classifed" material, lipsticked with redactions and withholdings. Gotten kind of stupid with hoo-hawing headlines about stuff no way to double-check. Pretense of redacting and withholding to protect sources and identities is formulaic. A swell deception operation is the openness about testing crypto, a boon to those who relish the free exposure, praise contributors, tut-tut concealing, never emphasizing long-standing practice of implanting backdoors, weaknesses and backstabbing comsec, infosec, above all natsec.
Fair amount of that has been a characteristic of cypherpunks since its beginning, perhaps due to the Internet and Web design to do just that, SM and searches, porn and illursory anonymity, take your pick of belief and salting a con.

@_date: 2019-09-20 10:04:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NPR: What Killed Adrian Lamo, The Hacker Who Turned In Whistleblower Chelsea Manning? 
The HOPE panel on snitching featured Lamo, but others on the panel told more informative tales.  Emmanuel Goldstein reminded that it was estimated that 25% of hackers were informers (as he said he was). Other panelists reported on what happens to those who snitch and those who do not.
If you haven't been interrogated and pressured by the feds, along with coercion of your family, friends and hacker buddies, and have a prison record to increase penalties for non-cooperation, you don't know shit.
Consider Lamo wondered if Manning was aiming to entrap, witting or unwitting. Still worth considering what backstabbing deals are in the works in the Assange global snitchfest.

@_date: 2019-09-12 18:28:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Stingrays in D.C. - Stingrays in your backyard 
Yep, and much of the counterespionage.
 Message =E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90

@_date: 2019-09-12 18:22:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Stingrays in D.C. 
Isn't it SOP to plant bogus devices/programs (land, water, space, online) and spooks (gov, com, edu, NGO, online) ubiquitously to camouflage the genuine? Leaking, boting, hacking, searching, freebeeing. TORing, encrypting (white, gray, black) prime smoke and mirrors. One view is that counterspying far outweighs spying, that spying is a minority feed for the majority gluttonous paranoriacs.

@_date: 2019-09-16 20:38:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Russia breached FBI 
Rolf Mowatt-Larssen, former head of counterintelligence at the Department of Energy and a former CIA officer who first served in Moscow in the 1980s. "The Russians do everything in the U.S. that we did in Moscow."

@_date: 2019-09-21 20:42:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: more lies from agent snowden 
Still, take a step back from the delirium of Snowden's amply curtailed revelations (far more withheld than disclosed, with the non-disclosed supposedly junked by the principal holders as not worthy).
Consider Snowden's well-prepared resume in contracting for the US's two premier spy agencies, his advance as a technical wizard able to move among spy infrastructure nodes of the Big 2 on the global ground and in cyberspace (earth and data overlapping at the CPU). This despite spies avowed tough vetting of contractors and employees and rapid growth after 9/11.
Possible, probable, likely, Snowden's initiative and exile is a sophisticated disinfo op developed in response to the rise in leaks (real and bogus) of sensitive information by the new-fangled internet

@_date: 2019-09-21 15:20:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA formidable infiltration of gov/com/edu 
NSA - Did You Know
Formidable infiltration of gov/com/edu, maybe only spy agency so pervasive, secret, unaccountable to public.

@_date: 2019-09-23 15:07:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Cyber Command Authorized to Implant Malicious Software 
"In his first 18 months in office, General=20
Nakasone has raced to bolster Cyber Command=92s=20
authority to act preemptively =97 and its=20
preparations to respond to attacks. New,=20
classified directives given to him by Mr. Trump,=20
and built upon by Congress, allow Cyber Command=20
to place 'implants' of malicious software inside=20
foreign networks without lengthy approval=20
processes that run up to the president. Congress=20
has called such efforts part of 'traditional military authority.'
Iran has reportedly been a major target =AD no=20
surprise, since General Nakasone was a key player=20
in designing a plan called =93Nitro Zeus=94 to shut=20
down Tehran and other Iranian cities in the event=20
of a war. The idea was to put together an attack=20
so devastating that Iran might surrender without a shot being fired.=94

@_date: 2019-09-29 13:50:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encryption and anonymity as top tools for images of child sexual abuse 
NYTimes lengthy report on out of control growth of images of child sexual abuse highlights encryption and anonymity as premier tools for avoiding discovery, prosecution and shutdown.
Silicon Valley giants are pilloried for failing to bar abusers.

@_date: 2019-10-16 14:19:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Snowden on CryptoPrivacy re US-UK-AUS Facebook Crypto Slapdown 
Those most avid about crypto benefits seem to know the least about how it works. Comsec experts (!) continue to exclaim about this although quite willing to reap the rewards, hardly able to believe their good luck of finding mathematics to be a fracking success. NSA and corporations are avid about their capabilities to combat threats so long as funds increase. It is this which confirms Snowden's advocacy: none of these security and privacy fans and industry want threats to diminish.

@_date: 2019-10-15 14:18:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Richard Stallman Gets SJW'd 
Swell, if Stallman is rehabilitated, reeducated, reinstated, by popular vote, with the risk the vote is re-rigged and fake "fake news" prevails, maybe with violence threatened to sweeten the headlines.
Alleged miscreants (aka, vain punks, Trump, Assange, long list) would welcome a turnabout of SJW to be seen as a badge of distinction like medals given to military and law enforcement killers, amoral WMD manufacturers and intimidated commanders in chiefs ordering genocide, psychotic presidents of oppressive regimes and silly-costumed pontiffs of male-pleasuring religions promoting murderous crusades, limousined tyrants of prejudice against outsiders and differently colored, gendered, moneyed.
"Social justice" is what all punk wars are about, that's the sanctimonious PR for all guys and varieties of evildoing(C) by male gods and by wanking savages who confect them to justify inhuman campaigns of being a self-loving stud.

@_date: 2019-10-13 15:44:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Richard Stallman Gets SJW'd 
This is how malefactors and their defenders try=20
to explain away their malefactions. Method used=20
by  lawyers, philosophers, tyrants, apologists,=20
preachers, sexual predators, adulterers, among=20
many others accumstomed to getting their way by=20
obfuscation, appeal to "fairness," pretending=20
victimhood  begging for forgiveness, claiming=20
minor infractions which have been corrected,=20
meanwhile preparing for continued and greater treachery (and lechery).
Spoiled brat Trump a "perfect" practitioner of=20
this ancient villainy of unaccountable royalty=20
and holy crusaders still at it  worldwide. But=20
current predators are merely a minor instances,=20
so far, but they could get murderous even=20
genocidal if not stripped control of burgeoning=20
weapons of mayhem and slaughter. No need to=20
mention DJT's collaborators, VP and JPA. But 5=20
male Supreme Justices may be their pardoners.
 got an
 lenient that it was
 possible to
 failure of
=80=9D was
 [my
 Stallman
 accepted
 pedophilia
 child can
 presumedly thought
 known
 to
 to

@_date: 2019-10-04 19:30:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AG Barr: USG Seeks Front Door to Encryption Not Backdoor 
Attorney General William P. Barr Delivers Remarks at the Lawful Access Summit
"It is also said that the Government is seeking a secretive 'backdoor' to everyone's communications and data.  That is false.  We are seeking a front door.
The heart of the matter is this: Do the security advantages of warrant-proof encryption offered to the individual outweigh the risk posed to the public by that same technology?  This is not a decision for the companies to make by themselves.  It is a decision for society to make.
We think our tech sector has the ingenuity to develop effective ways to provide secure encryption while also providing secure legal access."

@_date: 2019-10-11 12:57:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Shysters thrive on preen, preaching and exaggeration. 
Stallman is petty example of ego gone rogue, then claiming to be misunderstood, drag out whines to smoke the air, Trump a prime polluter, but many others in centers of power in homes to holy sees.
Adulterers and politicians excel at this but are joined by a host of haughty abusers in all fields. Even on this pure-hearted list shysters thrive on prejudice, preen, preaching and exaggeration.
Quite common for the famous, infamous,notorious, obessed, drunkard, dope addict, rich, talented, to presume sexual privileges and monetary profits from those who admire them, their work, performance, braggardy, promotion, self-advertising.
Faithful, fans, subjects, citizens, voters, revolutionaries, diehards, warriors, slaves, why even SM followers, are seduced to be screwed by imaginary promises of shared glory and belonging to movements and beliefs of confidence artists, priests, Ponzis, prevaricators, presidents.
 From royalty to religion to banditry to warmaking to profiteering to, god help us, coding, abusive randiness goes with abusive success, earned or stolen or faked, all the last.

@_date: 2019-10-16 14:17:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Snowden on CryptoPrivacy re US-UK-AUS Facebook Crypto Slapdown 
Edward Snowden, "Without encryption, we will lose all privacy. This is our new battleground," Guardian, October 15, 2019,
Why is Ed selling end-to-end crypt as the guarantor of privacy when there's a whole industry (e.g. NSO Group) based on bypassing crypto with 0-days?
What better way to pilfer secrets than to channel gullible users to platforms which they think will keep them safe...
Good Afternoon General Nakasone!

@_date: 2019-10-18 20:12:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: OnionShare Tor 
Hail to Assassination Politics, it was, is, a step away from pervasive fear, caution and obsequiousness, away from cowardly privacy policies and law enforcement obdience, lawyerly CYA terms and Further steps beyond AP, WL, TOR, PGP, slew of catchy brands and initials, are underway but not being revealed on Reddit, Chans, Wireds, Searches, News, Indictments, much less on this honey pot. Open source is a trap, shut up.
Based on increasing successful hacks from outside the US, EU and allies most work-arounds and innovation are being done by parties not grown old, fat and lazy by excessive fame, conceit, funding, vanity, job security, benefits, profits, collegiality's willful ignorance, hey we invented the internet and computers, all this (once-)amazing stuff, why hell, we're so good and skilled we're supported by the richest government, corporations, donors and NGOs in the world. And backed by threats of WMDs, cruise missiles, swarms of satellites, special forces, spies and informers galore.
USA is subject to a new and different culture, by walls inside and outside its borders, as it was founded to be, gloating about its power, still fighting last wars, losing all new ones, some it doesn't have a clue about so befuddled by comfort and imperialistic practices it dare not change, cannot change, doesn't want to change.
Trump is a pure example of this but far from alone, more a consequence than a variation -- "The Presidency," (whoever in the slot), Congress, Supreme Court, state and locals -- where braggadocio, piggishness and advertising and entertainment, news and "smart" -- reign.

@_date: 2019-10-16 19:08:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: OnionShare Tor 
Swarm of disclosure/discussion servers is much better than the very few famous seducing users and making it easy to intercept and plant malware. Even so, Tor, WikiLeaks, SecureDrop, Signal, et al, are most useful to divert attention from lesser knowns, in particular the least known which appear, disappear, reappear, change clothing, innovate, and resist bribery of investors, fans and all-siphon boogies.
Once this list was constructive for discourse/discussion, say, its first few months before Wired launched it into advertising manipulation. Thereafter trash, users and content, took command.
Occasionally, though, even now, jewels are offered among the nauseous dreck, so its worth enduring for those rarities to escape metasticizing cancerous, censorious and Trump-logorheaic SM and worst of all engorging, assaultive search engines no matter whether gov, com, ngo, edu, unicorn.
Micah Lee is not as corrupt as pseudos dumping diseased feces here and much moreso in celebrated fora. Tor admits its USG complicity, pseudos hide it except for their noxious odor.

@_date: 2019-10-16 14:36:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: OnionShare Tor 
Most promising. If USG and other governments are not involved. Big if.

@_date: 2019-10-20 09:40:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [gilmay97@gmail.com: GESTAPO TYPE CENSORSHIP?] 
The unpublished FB page has been restored.=20
although owner claims it is not fully up to speed.
Another Love POTUS page was shuttered after=20
finding it was operated by Ukrainians.
Damn hard to get free publicity like this,=20
actually not hard at all. WikiLeaks has succeeded=20
at it quite well for over a decade, with many=20
years to run. Trump pretty good too, actually damn good, "perfect."
Not mention FB itself, what a turd Zuck shit at Georgetown.
Gestapo, femenazi, censorship, freedom of speech,=20
privacy, crypto, tra la la la apes chorus.
 your
 impersonation and

@_date: 2019-10-20 13:21:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: F2F UDP mesh net prototype proof of concept "Covfefe Net" 
With respect for gold diggers, how is it decades after setting up the internet by officials and their consultants there continue to be dreamy and futile efforts to use the "lawless" tool without being observed.
Its like the shrewd peddlers of picks, axes, pans and pussy to obsessed diggers of land salted with tiny nuggets and dust and comely STD lasses, licensed assayers arrayed to measure the findings and spread hope via whispers, leaks, news rags, bars, whores and as ever lawyers licensed by the state to regulate the mayhem, avarice, cheating and taxable land at every higher rates.
California a prime real estate Ponzi of this charade from the Gold Rush to Silicon Valley to Forever War Production. Cypherpunks a California dream of outwitting The Man which made early adopters wealthy, arrogant and notoriously seductive with Pretty Good Crypto freely available to avid challengers of authority, cosmeticized with official prosecution, glorified and exported as if Western Movie-made Outlaw.
MS, Google, Apple, Amazon, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Los Alamos, Berkekley, Nevada Test Site, Supermax, Hollywood, E Frontier F, on and on, theology of Home on the Range without fences, censorship workarounds, no matter cellphones and IoT tracking rascals online and off.
Keep digging fabulous fortunes and reps being reaped regularly as the 5-Eyes et al, national laboratories, WMD enforcement marshals, DoJ and IRS keep careful watch and BOP continues to expand Guantanamos for the Jims, Julians, Jeremys, Chelseas, Pseudos and Anons.
Has there ever been as effective a gelt-planted sting as WikiLeaks, cpunks conceived? Yes, PKCalifornia.

@_date: 2019-10-31 22:23:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: I'm trying to understand site https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/ 
Two citations from:
Cypherpunks Archive 1992-1998 (checked only 1995 and 1996, might want to look at all)
Someone quoting you from a 1995 message not in the 1995 packet.
 From cypherpunks  Wed Dec 17 23:17:14 2003
 >In my essay, "Assassination Politics," I pointed out that it would be
 >relatively easy to deter such official-type actions if enough of us simply
 >said, "NO!" and denominated it in terms of dollars and cents.  After all,
 >with four million Compuserve users, if they each were willing to donate a
 >penny to see this latter-day Fuhrer dead, that would be $40,000.  (Pardon me
 >if I don't translate this into marks and other currencies.)
 >WHEN, exactly, would it be appropriate to act?
Before that Tim May musings in 1994:
UNTRACEABLE MARKETS FOR ASSASSINATIONS
To make this brutally concrete, here's how escrow makes murder contracts
much safer than they are today to negotiate. Instead of one party being
caught in an FBI sting, as is so often the case when amateurs try to
arrange hits, they can use an escrow service to insulate themselves from:
1. From being traced, because the exchanges are handled via pseudonyms
2. From the killer taking the money and then not performing the hit,
because the escrow agent holds the money until the murder is verified
(according to some prototocol, such a newspaper report...again, an area for
more work, thankfully).
3. From being arrested when the money is picked up, as this is all done via
digital cash.
There are some ways to reduce the popularity of this Murder, Incorporated
system. (Things I've been thinking about for about 6 years, and which we
discussed on the list and on the Extropians list. I'll save this for
another time.)
My point here is to show how on-line clearing works in conjunction with an
escrow agent function.(Esther clears the cash, and can issue new cash to
Bob, who "trusts" her that if he does the job, the cash will clear, as
she's the escrow agent he's dealt with many times before.)
Markets for assassinations--untraceable and unlinkable--have been a
topic of discussion for a long time. You'll find them explicitly
mentioned in my 1988 "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto."

@_date: 2019-11-24 23:45:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The Cypherpunk's 1995 Archive 
1995 cpunks was hosted by John Gilmore's toad.com. He may have archives.
Email: gnu
However, he cautions: "Why I'm not answering your email."

@_date: 2019-11-01 23:19:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Archives are not lost (Re: [zen@freedbms.net: Re: [WAR] ...]) 
Yes, maybe, but not telling unless subpoenaed by Oregon grand jury, again.
Jim's solo search, critique and call for multitudes to help: resisters, supporters, haters, admirers, sarcasters, jokers, is on a troll roll.
Consider this op is not by the real Jim Bell but an imposter. Consider also, Real Jim was murdered in prison, or suicided.
Carl Edward Johnson, a cpunk Bell supporter, who went to prison for it, possesses dox on those who whacked or Epsteined the Real Jim. This too as been excised from the archives, rightly so.
Beyond not telling, look for a 1995 connection to Assange, not his real name either, its Dr Proff.
Moreover, Tim May and Jude Milhon are alive in North Dakota living with gobs of armaments and cats in an impregnable missile silo.
"Punk - Stasi 2.0"  wrote

@_date: 2019-11-05 15:40:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: No, Mr. Busby, there is a Santa Claus. 
This a good suggestion. NSA most likely to have archived the whole shebang, perhaps still does.
Related, the "NSA Bot" which began siphoning Cryptome daily in 1996:

@_date: 2019-11-10 19:29:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Could somebody list names/emails of 1996 people? 
For many years a "cypherpunks-who" request to the server would deliver a list of subscribers (not the list of posters). Many subscribers did not post. Others used psuedos, changed nyms, subbed under different addresses and affiliations. Some copied and used other subscribers' nyms to post, ridicule, attack, stir up trouble. The list changed hosts. There were several branches off the original trunk And much more mayhem. Cpunks was and is supposed to work that way, its not meant to be a reliable forum (as some branches aspired to be).
Not surprising that there are gaps, accidental, on purpose, through negligence, machinic errors, malice, ideological differences, forgeries, thefts.
May be a pipe dream to gather everything, stuff has gone missing from the internet since its beginning and not likely to ever stop. Spam and hucksterism are eternal
Its a fools gold fantasy to think stuff endures somewhere. None of the major archives are complete and are riddled with errors and misinformation. And its getting worse through every increasing volume of puke and planting of huge amount of commercial junk.
Promoters of aggregating and conserving the data tsunami are full of shit. Mostly they peddle fear and salvation.
BTW, Jim, AP could get a boost by claiming it could exterminate child sex predators.

@_date: 2019-11-16 19:09:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: Anonymous to Invest $75M of Crypto to Develop Privacy Coins and Anon Tech 
Correct. Any method for killing humans is=20
fatally! flawed unless it includes simultaneous=20
killing the author, supporters and/or applicator=20
of the method. Untold millions have been=20
slaughtered by those who expect to avoid what=20
they preach others to do. Truly courageous=20
killers kill themselves and nobody else to=20
satisfy their lust to be god. Still, the killing=20
industry and homicidal faiths persist by=20
promising the killers they will be honored by their cowardly manipulators.
 Message =E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90

@_date: 2019-11-20 22:39:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Who was that itinerant folksinger who posted to cypherpunks in the late 90s? 
Carl Edward Johnson (aka "CJ," "Toto" and "TruthMonger"), perhaps.

@_date: 2019-11-24 10:56:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Tor Stinks re Traffic Analysis and Sybil (as do other networks) 
Critique of Tor applies equally, perhaps moreso, to the whole Internet for monetization, technology, personnel, administration, operation, funding, seducing the public, NGOs, dissent. So too, to crypto, anonymization, cypherpunks.
Perennial question is how to sort through the tsunami of claims and counterclaims, sponsored hacks, slyly appealing "free" SM, search engines, FOIA enterprises, Wayback and Wikipedia, paid and volunteer informants and agents, hot shit mail lists and get-it-now podcasts, star-studded conferences and outlaw-celebrity lectures, incarcerated Julians and Jeremys, fans and evermore fans of unexamined underwriters.
Has there ever been more people eagerly declaring in public their likes and hatreds, convictions and doubts, hoping to gain advantage over other people by pretense and deception. Actually, yes, there has been since talking, singing, dancing, education, civilization was invented to entrap prey.
Prey quickly learned from predators to reverse the panopticon. Usually by offering their gullible, edible kids, cohorts and mates as irresistable bait to fatten the enemy into overconfidence, sloth, braggrdy, imagined supremacy. Tor, like Trump, is hardly novel in this suicidalism, nor the crusading, diabolical internet of everything data.

@_date: 2019-11-27 14:57:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: John Young - The Conversations with Alex Jones 
Cryptome does not have copies of these videos nor list of titles and topics. Search Yandex.

@_date: 2019-12-12 18:47:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Distrust of tech could be encryption's Achilles heel 
That '90s fight took place right as the formerly academic internet went mainstream, and it pitted "crypto rebels" against a government establishment, with the telecom industry caught in between.

@_date: 2019-12-11 12:29:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dan Geer: nothing can make online trustworthy 
Dan Geer, legendary cyber-pro, claims nothing can make online trustworthy. Users should forego cyber addiction exploited by predators through inherent tech weaknesses.
Source: "Sandworm: A New Era of Cyberwar and the Hunt for the Kremlin's Most Dangerous Hackers," Andy Greenberg

@_date: 2019-12-05 21:42:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptograms and Teleprinter Messages Between Portugal and Biafra in 1969 
Frode Weierud recently published a number of cryptograms and other teleprinter messages that were sent over a shortwave radio link operating between Lisbon, Portugal and the rebel state Biafra in Nigeria in August and October 1969.

@_date: 2019-12-01 10:57:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: John Young - The Conversations with Alex Jones 
Anonymous sends stash:
"I found an obscure YT channel which had all three parts. I put them together here
you may find some of the content on the channel interesting..
 "

@_date: 2019-12-01 10:34:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: Anonymous to Invest $75M of Crypto to Develop Privacy Coins and Anon Tech 
Well said. virtually all online initiatives, including the Internet and Web, have this shady appeal and inherent vulnerability. Not that all infrastructure, nay, government and business, are so different. Predators and prey, then reversed, revolution and authoritarism. Billionaires breed genocide.
Small-time Cypherpunks invented by well-off to fill up day-dreamy idleness promoting tecnoid supremacy. Privacy and spying invented for promoting insecurity fears. Go too far, go to jail, don't go too far, induce others to do that as believers.

@_date: 2019-12-22 14:05:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT: Total Surveillance Is Not What America Signed Up For 
Grim, omits NYT's and journalism's large benefits of smart devices spying by advertisers. And avoids spying corps generous support of NGOs and political office holders. Doesn't touch smart cities, kiosks, cryptographers, and fora like cypherpunks. Kinda down-dumbing blaming.
So roll outs galore of improved privacy protection apps, gadgets, TED talks, carefully redacted/hobbled to appear trustworthy.

@_date: 2019-12-31 21:02:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: 'Shattered': Inside the secret battle to save America's undercover spies in the digital age 
Isn't this report an obvious deception operation? Adjunct to Snowden's dump among others.

@_date: 2020-01-07 22:28:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Clue to So-Called Missing Jim Bell-AP Messages 
Yes, the cpunk archives have a slew of 1995 (before and after too) about Jim Bell, Assassination Politics, Jim's email addresses, and related matters. Takes a bit of reading to find them, searches don't turn up all of them.
1995 is less bountiful than other years (say, 2019 spasms) but hardly insignificant and offer worthwhile reading on a variety of topics other than the low-volume AP stuff.
Jim was in the pokey during this period so that reduced his postings. However Jim was sending out postal mails to compensate for the online lack.

@_date: 2020-01-06 18:42:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Duh 
We saved a series of list subscribers (via "cypherpunks who" commands to servers), but are reluctant to publish to avoid shitting on the unwary.
These lists are different from those named in messages.
Mentioned here because there are likely others who grabbed these readily available lists for illicit use, that is like the whole villainous Internet where anything "free, moderated and unmoderated' are most certainly up to no good.
Bruce Schneier: "Spying is the business model of the Internet." Duh.

@_date: 2020-01-04 19:05:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Oddly silent 
Based on DoD and CIA advice, JFK figured US had scared RU/Cuba into military submission, badly warned about sleeper snipers (FBI's punk not our giant). This lesson was taken to heart by Bush and Obama who rightly figured natsec pros expected to profit from collateral damage to skeptics. Bush ignorantly invited 9/11, fooled by bloodthirty Cheney. Obama laid low, snot hoops.
Trump brags about never listening to experts, got a bit of swag from Al Baghdadi whack. Appears to be on ego enhancing pharmas and panderers. So was JFK.

@_date: 2020-01-07 09:55:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Clue to So-Called Missing Jim Bell-AP Messages 
The Tim May message came from the cpunks archives. Tim died not long ago.
The archives hold quite a bit of discussion about prosecution of Jim Bell and CJ Parker and various subpoenas disclosed and presumbably some which were not. Likely several persons were contacted directly by the prosecutors but not shared on the list. That continues.
No question cpunks  has served as a waterhole to be spied by predators. So too the whole Internet, public and private archives, anonymizers, so on.
 From the beginning there have been plants of informers, instigators, provocateurs, and kin stirring the pot. IP hosts and system administrators remain the primary sources of data, overt and covert.
Multi-level log files are ubiquitous, from identifying packets to end to end foolhardists. No way to use the Internet undetected. Programs that promise that are deceptive, Tor only one of the ploys. Privacy has been a sham from the get-go,  Comsec and infosec, crypto in particular, are porous by design, ignorance, opportunism, profit. Open source a cartoonish protective condom, adherents of it are con artists.
Cpunks like leak sites are stings, witting or unwitting. Mea culpa.
Jim Bell is a Sabu, subject to federal sanctions as ex-con if not willing to solicit supporters and unwary victims. There are thousands of them. Those most loudly anti-authority are the experts of betrayal for kings coin and to avoid going back to jail.
Cpunks archives offer much to support this critique, other archives and live action even more. Cyber security is a huge racket profiting from deliberately ineffective cybersec.

@_date: 2020-01-04 22:03:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Clue to So-Called Missing Jim Bell-AP Messages 
X-Sender: tcmay
References: <200101082217.RAA29708
 >Today at 4:30 PM two Treasury agents, Tom Jack and Matthew
 >Mc Whirr, served me a Subpoena to Testify Before Grand Jury,
 >in US District Court of Western Washington, Seattle, WA, on
 >January 25, 2001, 9:00 AM. Robb London, AUSA, is the
 >applicant.
 >
 >The subpoena states in bold caps "We request that you do not
 >disclose the existence of this subpoena, because such a
 >disclosure may make it more difficult to conduct the investigation."
 >...
 >   Please provide any and all documents, papers, letters, computer
 >   disks, photographs, notes, objects, information, or other items
 >   in your possession or under your control, including electronically
 >   stored or computer records, which:
 >
 >     1. Name, mention, describe, discuss, involve or relate to James
 >     Dalton Bell, a/k/a Jim Bell, or
By the way, John, thanks for the "heads up." I purged my archives of
Jim Bell e-mail sent directly to me, though I left on my system the
e-mail he copied the list on.
(Yes, I purged the back-ups, too. A good reason not to back up e-mail
to CD-Rs.)
--Tim May

@_date: 2020-01-06 21:12:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Assange persecuted by Judge Arbuthnot with her p rima facie conflict of interest, refuses to rec 
First I've heard of the armed agents in the courtroom. However, some of the Assange fans have made threatening statements, and I haven't heard of Assange asking to not do that. In that sense, he reminds of 45's firing up his base but not asking for calm. Instigators do do that so they cannot be charged with incitement. Govs and TLAs most guilty of it but so too the ego-driven - call them narcissistic cowards.
To be sure, Assange is not nearly as mean-spirited as his associates who have latched onto him as an escape from insignificance.
Looking forward to a full-bore Assange international trial of spectacular entertainment.
Lively alternative:

@_date: 2020-01-07 22:16:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Offers Tips on Preparing a Plan and "Go-Bag" for Emergencies (say, Iran payback) 
CIA Offers Tips on Preparing a Plan and "Go-Bag" for Emergencies (say, Iran payback):

@_date: 2020-01-13 17:25:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: This is the Opportunity-cost of NOT implementing my AP idea 
Complaints about list processing is a venerable troll of public masturbation.

@_date: 2020-01-15 21:25:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Assassination Politics - Harpers article 
Pretty good reason for Jim's messages to disappear.

@_date: 2020-01-24 21:37:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: USA re Assange: "First Amendment Doesn't Apply To Foreigners" - [MINISTRY] 
US Constitution and Amendments are valid only within the US and its territories. Same for other countries' laws in the US. Can be modified by treaty or other mutually agreeable means, of which there are quite a few. Most of those agreements reserve the right to ignore outsider demands and quite a few do so.
Of course Americans believe they can do what they want anywhere, and have the military power to do so. Low-ranking military members die for this, a few angries frag their officers, or like JFK's veteran Marine sniper take a shot. Or like the OKC ex-Army bomber, waste citizens and get offcially murdered for it. Then, there are the Waco and Jim Jones option to mass suicide yourselves.
Assange's supporters (aka shark and journo leeches) seem determined to whack or suicide him if legal and promotional shenanigans don't work.
Greenwald as lawyer and journo is hardly objective, as adversarially trained to do.
[Clip balance.]

@_date: 2020-02-29 18:33:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dirtbag Left Hates 
"The people in the crowd were angry, and =93Chapo=20
Trap House=94 wanted them to stay that way. The=20
five hosts of the popular socialist podcast=20
wanted everyone to know they had all been lied to. About everything.
The media they consumed was fake news aimed to=20
distract them from the only war worth fighting:=20
the class war. Politesse, civility, even pleasure=20
=AD those were tools of the neoliberal oppressor. The right answer is rage."
=93Let the hate feed you.=94

@_date: 2020-02-29 17:27:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks: Julian Assange 
FWIW, Assange's counsel mistated that Cryptome hosted, and still hosts, the State Department cables. Cryptome posted, and still hosts, the torrents for accessing the cable files after decrypting the torrents with the book-published password. But did not publish the very large files themselves.
Of the three encrypted files only one, the y-file, could be decrypted with the password, not x and z. Still don't know what is in x and z.
Cryptome archived the decrypted y file, cables.csv (1.7GB), but did not publish it.
Not aware of where or who hosted the files accessed by the torrents.
Don't know if the others who downloaded the torrents then decrypted and published all of them.
If not, it is possible WikiLeaks first published the unredacted files, maybe all of them, thinking that others had already done so.

@_date: 2020-02-27 10:16:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Joshua Schulte Investigation by FBI 
Trial transcript for February 25, 2020 details FBI investigation of Joshua Schulte for alleged Vault 7 leak to WikiLeaks. FBI special agent testimony about interviews, raids, covert agents, prison informer, prison contraband cellphone with security apps.
Exhibits for testimony on February 25, 2020:
 (98MB)
Cryptome Twitter account suspended on February 26, 2020 for tweeting information of CIA officer, Amol P. Lodha, who threatened Schulte.

@_date: 2020-02-09 12:20:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Freedom Hosting Operator Eric Eoin Marques Plea Agreement 
Plea Agreement by Eric Eoin Marques, Freedom Hosting Operator, January 24, 2020 with
stipulation which describes in general how he was caught.
 (10 pages plea with 4-page stipulation, 1.1MB)

@_date: 2020-02-01 12:41:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: sexism - feminism - equality - empowerment - penis man - vaginas - bobs and vagene 
Quite funny, everyone wins. This kind of arousing=20
event and stimulating simulated combat should=20
lead MSM daily, hourly, minutely, microsecondly,=20
to offset the yawning banalities of gravitas and=20
deadening seriousness of wretched content and=20
numbing advertising. More of this could=20
reinvigorate this once devil-daring mosh pit. Cypher Night Live.

@_date: 2020-02-13 10:59:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: git based dark web (Tor) "one way"  blog/ document dump/ wordpress? 
By design of the internet nothing can be done on it that is not traceable, any suggestion otherwise by default sustains the fiction of untraceability.
The current Joshua Schulte trial testimony by CIA witnesses continues to spew disinformation about this, as if the prosecution has been initiated to delude internet users, mavericks, hackers, coders, administrators, programmers, developers.
In February 11 testimony a CIA witness claimed 120-150 agency developers were busy coding malware for deployment.
Schulte lawyer questioning CIA witness:
"Q. And malware is just a way to infect another system, correct?
A. Yes.
Q. How many developers were there developing malware?
A. I would say probably 120 to 150."
 (pages 20-21)
To be sure, CIA officers lie, spread disinfo, swear to tell the truth, run misleading prosecution operations, run leak sites and anonymizers, post to mail lists, inundate social media, groom informers, pay bribes, coerce resisters into betraying associates, hire the most vociferous opponents, implant bullshit on Wikipedia and Wayback, issue distortionate books, film, tv, theater, so forth. Git, Full-Disclosure, Dark Web, alternatives to internet as watering holes, stings, recruitment hangouts, why even this very cess pit. Trust us.

@_date: 2020-02-27 10:43:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Joshua Schulte Trial Archive 
US/CIA v. Joshua Schulte transcripts and exhibits
Preview of Assange trials.

@_date: 2020-02-28 11:56:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WhooHoo FluMongering: CJR just comes right out and says it 
NY Times editorial today apologizes for=20
downplaying virus threat, claiming optimism was=20
derived from other optimism herdism. But then=20
CYAs the change of mind may be another example of=20
herdism ever-ready to lemming over the cliff.=20
Expect CJR to change its CYA lemmingism.
CYA insultism is braying stampeding herdism=20
maxima. CC's kisses show the way away from scowling FU angerism.
 boundary=3D"51WX5uuG7BOUwNV3s9NYYN7XdzNVJo3tj";
 coronavirus,=E2=80=9D =E2=80=9Cnew
 accurate, though, it must be
 Respiratory
 probably
 =E2=80=9CCOVID-19=E2=80=9D
 can be important.
=80=9D =E2=80=9Cbird flu=E2=80=9D and others.
 on
 in
 novelty and
 and =E2=80=9CZionist
 and
 have.=C3=A2=80=C2=9D Its
 that

@_date: 2020-02-27 18:51:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: WhooHoo FluMongering: CJR just comes right out and says it 
Downplaying the COVID-19 threat has become a=20
formulaic cognitive trigger dismissal.
Perhaps wise but there have been disasters in the=20
past by such wise-ass downplaying: plague, VD,=20
smallpox, polio, measles, mental illness,=20
genocide, AIDS, opiods, suicide, environmental=20
damage, sexual predation, et al.
The worst are intolerant religion and war-making,=20
this two-backed beast is widely blessed and=20
boosted by profit-making adherents no matter the=20
great harm the cause, both sensationalized to the=20
maximum. Their leaders wear funny-looking=20
garments and jewelry, are obsessed with rank,=20
ceremony, public displays and above all=20
fund-raising by scaring the shit out of people=20
with endless murdering onslaughts supported by extorted tithes and taxes.
No surprise that journalism sucks up to them, that's its purpose.
This befouling message is behind a paywall, privacy guaranteed by TOS.
 boundary=3D"wQo7VCexvkCLBNE0vSTK1iIzwarPt4zkk";
 novelty and
 and =E2=80=9CZionist

@_date: 2020-02-27 23:46:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ex-CIA Joshua Schulte Describes His Data/Crypto Hiding Prowess 
Ex-CIA Joshua Schulte Describes His Data/Crypto Hiding Prowess (WikiLeaks Vault 7)
"Which brings me to my next point. Do you know what my
specialty was at the CIA? Do you know what I did for fun?
Data hiding and crypto. I designed and wrote software to
conceal data in a custom-designed file system contained within
the drive slack space, or hidden partitions. I disguised data.
I split data across files and file systems to conceal the
crypto. Analysis tools would never detect random or
pseudorandom data indicative of potential crypto. I designed
and wrote my own crypto. How better to fool buffoons like
forensic examiners and the FBI than to have custom software
that doesn't fit into their two-week class where they become
forensic experts? Make no mistake. I am an expert in data
hiding and cryptography with thousands of hours of experience
and among the top specialists in the world, or was."
 From Trial Transcript February 26, 2020

@_date: 2020-02-29 11:29:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: George Galloway lets it rip re Julian Assange -- Re: Wikileaks: Julian Assange 
WikiLeaks/Assange is primarily a source not a journalist and journalists customarily sacrifice sources to save themselves.
Assange in the early days of WikiLeaks was harshly critical of journalists and adopted the journalist cloak when journalists joined the org and shit started to come down.
WikiLeaks has sacrificed sources to save itself. But like journalists continues to claim it protects sources in order to keep leaks coming in. Also contacts authorities for approval like journalists, redacts documents, hustles for funding reportedly now in the millions of dollars, brays about its public service, avidly advertises itself, breaks laws under guise of constitutional privilege, etc.
Assanges's sexual predation like celebrities is same as that of star journalists, which stardom is hardly the norm for grunts of low-paid journalists who hate investors, publishers, editors and stars.
WikiLeaks originally promised public participation of a wiki but within months it was revealed to be an Assange promotional tool, heirarchical, high-handed, censorious, secret, cultish. Now wealthy as MSM.
WikiLeaks remains a valuable public resource but needs to shed Assange, secrecy, con artistry, obnoxious promotion by celebrity defenders out to promote themselves. It was intended to be an alternative to commercial journalism but lost its way due to Assange's misbehavior even now being glamorized, way too many vulgarians cheering his performance.
Fuck the glamorizers, free Assange from their clutches, they will abandon him when appropriate for their own protection.

@_date: 2020-03-30 14:22:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: PGP key Inevitably Faulty 
Digital encryption is inherently faulty due to the incompatibility of physical and electromagnetic. At the electron level there might be electronic security but getting from that level to the human accessible level is insurmountable.
Encryption products fudge the linkage with smoke and mirror analogues.
"Pretty good" is one of the few crypto products which accurately describe what is possible. All the others exaggerate, exculpate for inevitable failures, prevaricate, slickly market, promise to do better with upgrades and/or new.
Lately, comsec wizards market claims that's the best we can do, live with it, agitate for privacy legislation. Or cite Snowden's racketeering, SecureDrop, Signal, and continuous snake oiling.
Full Disclosure web site covers this endless apologia pretty good.
Background for the skeptical:
The Inevitability of Failure: The Flawed Assumption of Security in Modern Computing Environments (NSA, 1998)

@_date: 2020-03-28 17:14:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: STELLARWIND report and how it was discussed in Snowden's memoir 
STELLARWIND report and how it was discussed in Snowden's memoir:

@_date: 2020-03-15 09:22:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto AG: US Spies Kept Quiet on Assassinations 
More on Crypto AG
[2020.03.06] One follow-on to the story of Crypto AG being owned by the CIA: this interview with a Washington Post reporter. The whole thing is worth reading or listening to, but I was struck by these two quotes at the end:
...in South America, for instance, many of the governments that were using Crypto machines were engaged in assassination campaigns. Thousands of people were being disappeared, killed. And I mean, they're using Crypto machines, which suggests that the United States intelligence had a lot of insight into what was happening. And it's hard to look back at that history now and see a lot of evidence of the United States going to any real effort to stop it or at least or even expose it.
To me, the history of the Crypto operation helps to explain how U.S. spy agencies became accustomed to, if not addicted to, global surveillance. This program went on for more than 50 years, monitoring the communications of more than 100 countries. I mean, the United States came to expect that kind of penetration, that kind of global surveillance capability. And as Crypto became less able to deliver it, the United States turned to other ways to replace that. And the Snowden documents tell us a lot about how they did that.

@_date: 2020-03-07 20:42:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WikiLeaks CIA Vault 7 Projects Documents 
To supplement the Joshua Schulte trial documentation, a collection of the Vault 7 Projects Documents hosted by WikiLeaks:
 Aggregated from:
While many are classified Secret,Top Secret, NF, largest batch of (S//NF) is in UCL / Raytheon to exploit popular commercial programs with help from Raytheon.

@_date: 2020-03-06 20:57:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Schulte Trial Update 
Joshua Schulte trial jury "aligned on two counts," impasse on remaining eight counts, may be considered a loss for the prosecution, to continue on Monday.
Via

@_date: 2020-03-04 23:37:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Forensics of Joshua Schulte's Alleged CIA Hack and Transmission to WikiLeaks 
Trial summations by prosecution and defense differ on how Schulte allegedly downloaded CIA top secret malware programs and data and tried to conceal his actions. Includes details on the targeted systems and programs, work vaults and staff, faulty security, accesses, storage, logs, erasures, passwords, differing forensics by CIA and FBI and interrogations. Judge's charge to jury also.

@_date: 2020-03-03 17:36:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US/CIA v. Joshua Schulte Jury Charge 
(63 pages)
"D. Adverse Inference
You heard testimony from a Government witness=20
named Michael, who the CIA placed on enforced=20
administrative leave in August 2019. The=20
Government only disclosed this information to the=20
Defendant in the course of the trial. I instruct=20
you that the Government should have disclosed the=20
information regarding Michael=92s enforced=20
administrative leave to the Defendant sooner.
In evaluating the evidence, you can decide what=20
weight, if any, to give to the Government=92s=20
conduct on this issue. You may also consider=20
whether Michael=92s appearance in Court and his=20
testimony for the Government was influenced by his being on enforced leave."
"E. Law Enforcement Officials
You have heard testimony from a number of law=20
enforcement officials. The Government=92s law=20
enforcement witnesses do not deserve any more or=20
less consideration, or greater or lesser weight=20
than that of any other witness."
"F. Central Intelligence Agency Witnesses
You have also heard testimony from a number of=20
witnesses who are either currently or were=20
previously employed by the Central Intelligence=20
Agency, or CIA. Some of these people work=20
directly as officers of the CIA, and some of them=20
work as contractors performing work for the CIA.
I have allowed some of these witnesses to testify=20
either by using a made-up name=ADa pseudonym=ADor=20
just their first name. The disclosure of the=20
witnesses=92 true names and what they look like=20
could potentially compromise their work at the=20
CIA. That=92s why those precautions were taken; but=20
you should weigh the testimony of those witnesses=20
just as you would any other witness, and not=20
weigh it differently because they testified using=20
a pseudonym or used their first name only."
"G. Bias and Hostility
In connection with your evaluation of the=20
credibility of the witnesses, you should=20
specifically consider evidence of resentment or=20
anger which some Government witnesses may have=20
toward the Defendant. Evidence that a witness is=20
biased, prejudiced, or hostile toward the=20
Defendant requires you to view that witness=92=20
testimony with caution, to weigh it with care and=20
subject it to close and searching scrutiny."

@_date: 2020-03-02 18:56:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Guilty Plea Of U.S. Accountant In Panama Papers Investigation 
Manhattan U.S. Attorney Announces Guilty Plea Of U.S. Accountant In Panama Papers Investigation
"Richard Gaffey went to extraordinary lengths to circumvent U.S. tax laws in order to maintain Harald Joachim von der Goltz's wealth and hide it from the IRS.  Using the specialized criminal services of global law firm Mossack Fonseca, Gaffey assisted others in violating U.S. tax laws for decades.
Since at least 2000 through 2018, GAFFEY conspired with others to defraud the United States by concealing his clients' assets and investments, and the income generated by those assets and investments, from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") through fraudulent, deceitful, and dishonest means."

@_date: 2020-03-01 16:41:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Joshua Schulte (WikiLeaks Vault 7) Cell Mates 
Carlos Betances Luna Mera, indicted twice for illegal entry, is the Schulte cell mate who arranged for his wife to bring into prison a contraband cellphone used by Schulte, then recorded and ratted Schulte to the FBI. He testified as a witness in Schulte's trial.
Omar Amanat, a financial entrepreneur indicted for wire fraud, is the Schulte cell mate who befriended and advised Schulte. Shared use of contraband cellphones. His trial is still underway. He was not a witness in Schulte's trial, so far.

@_date: 2020-03-01 14:05:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Assange Rips the Matrix -- Re: Wikileaks: Julian Assange 
Assange is a fine essayist, Articulate. Courageous. Humorous. WikiLeaks is a superb source. Not like this hyperbolic excreta.

@_date: 2020-03-15 12:12:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: list of people censored on lists.debian.org 
Zenaan, it's a pleasure to see compliments and courtesy on this robotic, rude, intolerant, prejudiced, cantankerous, bilious, insulting, repugnant, monotously accusatory, blathering, knee-jerking, cowardly-psuedo-abusive, dot dot dot, forum.

@_date: 2020-03-01 14:27:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Did Appelbaum Meet Snowden in Hawaii Before Leak? 
March 1, 2020
Kevin Gallagher
"According to  Berlin Journal from Astro Noise,  was keyed into forthcoming  leak from March 2013 latest. Both interviewed "C4" via e-mail. Jake travels Hawaii in April 2013, supposedly for 30th birthday. People are curious if they met then."
Also, a Crypto Party was conducted in Honolulu by Runa Sandvik and Snowden in January 2013.

@_date: 2020-03-03 14:57:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Trump for President Sues New York Times for Untruth, Bias, Animosity 
Defendant The New York Times Company knowingly published false and defamatory statements of and concerning plaintiff Donald J. Trump for President, Inc., claiming it had an "overarching deal" with "Vladimir Putin's oligarchy" to "help in the campaign against Hillary Clinton" in exchange for "a new pro-Russian foreign policy, starting with relief from the Obama administration's burdensome economic sanctions."
The Times was well aware when it published these statements that they were not true. The Times' own previous reporting had confirmed the falsity of these statements. But The Times published these statements anyway, knowing them to be false, and knowing it would misinform and mislead its own readers, because of The Times' extreme bias against and animosity toward the Campaign, and The Times' exuberance to improperly influence the presidential election in November 2020.

@_date: 2020-03-03 15:13:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Two Chinese nationals indicted for hack of $100 million worth of cryptocurrency 
Two Chinese nationals were charged with laundering over $100 million worth of cryptocurrency from a hack of a cryptocurrency exchange.
 (1.8MB)

@_date: 2020-03-07 13:27:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
Do not post anything related to _oronavirus, _OVID-19, -019nCoV, _ehovah, _od, _evil, _ezzlebub,  _rump, _eth Rich, _ssange, _ikiLeaks. _ust _TFU. _hx.

@_date: 2020-03-07 17:07:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: _oronavirus: _hread 
If these words are posted the _FO glimpsed=20
passing the _un will _____. Moreover, ______.
_edactions rule over _erbosity, er, _ule.

@_date: 2020-03-09 12:55:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Using Amazon Rekognition to Identify Persons of Interest for Law Enforcement 
A sends:
Using Amazon Rekognition to Identify Persons of Interest for Law Enforcement

@_date: 2020-03-09 15:49:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Joshua Schulte found guilty on Counts 8 and 10, mistrial granted on all other counts. 
Joshua Schulte (WikiLeaks Vault 7) found guilty on Counts 8 and 10, mistrial granted on all other counts.
Count 8: transmission of harmful computer program, information or command.
Count 10: obstruction of justice.
via

@_date: 2020-03-12 22:22:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Chelsea Manning Is Ordered Released from Jail 
A Federal District Court judge overseeing the matter, Anthony J. Trenga, said that he also dismissed on Thursday the grand jury that Ms. Manning was refusing to testify before after finding that its business had concluded.
"The court finds that Ms. Manning's appearance before the grand jury is no longer needed, in light of which her detention no longer serves any coercive purpose," Judge Trenga wrote.

@_date: 2020-03-14 14:12:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: It's an Ill Wind 
Deft analysis. Positive infection salutory to=20
clear out senior royal and political and=20
governmental and  military and finance and spies=20
and media and intellectual and celebrities and=20
predators and environmental damagers and drug=20
pushers, allowing angelic ethical fair-minded=20
under-60s to take over the reliquaries in hazmat=20
gear without guillotining, merely shovel the=20
disinfected carcasses into the Thames to be=20
encased in plastic waste and frozen into revived=20
icelands. Until boarded by circumnavigating polar=20
bears with plastic sails sniffing fresh meat down south.
 people.
 so on.

@_date: 2020-03-14 13:43:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: How to Spread Coronavirus on National Media 
Fauci Touches Face with Hand on National Media, Trump Touches Mic Emulated by Fauci and Several Attendees, No Recommended Distance Between Any of Them, Trump Handshakes, One Elbow Bump, What Can Go Wrong?

@_date: 2020-03-16 13:41:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 283,549 Road Users Deaths for 2020, Compared to 6,685 Coronoavirus Deaths 
283,549 Road Users Deaths for 2020, Compared to 6,685 Coronoavirus Deaths
1,354,840 Road Users Deaths in 2019

@_date: 2020-03-19 13:30:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Confessions Of A Bikini Waxer: The Dirty Truth 
How many vaginas do you see a day?
About 10 a day.
Are all vaginas different?
Actually, they're mostly the same. I've only seen a handful of very different-looking ones.
How many people get their asshole waxed?
The majority. The odd one might say, 'Oh no, that doesn't bother me' but most people get it done.
What's the one thing you wish people would do before they come for a wax?
I just wish everyone prepared. Going to the toilet before they come into the room, and cleaning themselves. I go over the area with a cleanser anyway, but I think it is the client's responsibility. If you're coming from work, or whatever, then just wiping yourself down makes a big difference for me.

@_date: 2020-03-20 09:05:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NIST Provides Comprehensive Resources for Secure Teleworking 
NIST Provides Comprehensive Resources for Secure Teleworking

@_date: 2020-03-24 11:51:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: military lock down in 2 weeks, possibly/probably -- [gilmay97@gmail.com: From a reliable friend] 
Trump is notorious for promoting amazingly good news and profitability, building up debt backed by public assurances, subsidies and tax avoidance, then when the paper-mache-of-contracts construction collapses, walking away hooting with banks debt is good for the economy, creates jobs, win-win-win. This is his long-time method of operation to shift profits to himself and huge debts to the public. National debt the sweetest of honey and myrrh for believers in take the money and run.
He is hardly alone in this, to be sure, national security-based econo-olitical systems, engorged by fabricated, exaggerated threats to nations ever renewed by secret reports and periodic outbursts of violence, natural or man-made, are the most common form of government and has been since the racket was invented, taught in schools and churches, bribed in clubs and parades, venerated in cemetaries and monuments and marble piles and luxurious estates.
If "invisible threat" coronavirus had not been cooked up by shamanistic scientists, handmaids of natsec, it would be something like it. Apple drop innocence killed.
Wait, wait, is this not Trump/Breibart/Stormer/Alex Jones/Fox News/Internet putrid bullshit par excellence, mes amis?
Cough, cough, katchoo, snot splatter your paraniod naked face.

@_date: 2020-04-08 11:26:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: USA: federal capital punishment back on agenda (after 16 years) - [PEACE] 
If the law is passed it might be grounds to block Assange's extradition on espionage charges, since, reportedly, UK does not extradite to capital punishment nations (although thinks black sites for accidental-death torture are god's will be done).
Nor doesn't mean that UK would not obediently also legalize official murder to make Big Turd and Toe Jam Barr happy. Action Official Secrets Act protected. Ka-chink.
What's the bounty for handing over Julian (by way of Gitmo)?

@_date: 2020-04-01 14:12:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NatSec Threated by COVID 
Military weapons crews densely packed: bombers, subs, ships, tanks, signals, ICBM, missile batteries; Bradleys; spy control rooms, sex traps, drops; AF1 and HMX1; telecom hubs, cables and sat dishes; covert ops and NOCs; equipment factories and programming; Gitmo and ilk; commander in chief operations; military command and control; continuity of government; Situation Room Center; comsec and infosec inventing, deploying, encrypting, decrypting, malwaring, hacking, implanting, transmitting, retrieving, authenticating, intercepting; housing and managing informers, betrayers; FBI and FISA court contaminating; grand juries and prosecutions.

@_date: 2020-04-10 11:15:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [Privacy] Snowden Warns Governments Are Using Coronavirus to Build 'the Architecture of Oppressi 
Bear in mind that leaker's information ages into less significance, other than historical, as sources respond to the leaks with replacements and innovations.
Leaks are left unchallenged, even promoted and initiated, by sources to serve as alluring camouflage for current operations.
Some wizards claim leaks and leakers were invented and sustained for this purpose. Prosecutons and demonization and publicity and legislation are tools of the deceptive ops.
FOIA a particularly manipulative technique, redactions and classification markings applied for verisimilitude. So too the tiny yellow dots and other traces.
Others: Encryption and anonymizers, drop boxes, whispers to journos, aggrieved insiders and loose-lipped contractors, inspector generals, congressional briefings, sex entrapments, privacy protection NGOs, hired and coerced bots, trolls and hackers, iimplants in hardware and software, compromised communcations and internet workers and admins, lawyers, priests, psychiatrists and other supposedly confidential advisers.
Roll your own narcotic of outsmarting the mofos, peddle the product of secrecy and oppression.

@_date: 2020-05-09 08:00:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: tor replacement - was Re: Box for simple Tor node. 
The method must be developed by a single person=20
and used only by that person to provide public=20
content. Not send, not receive. Just publicize,=20
once at a time, irregularly, with different=20
method each time. No acknowledgement.
Allowing others to partcipate opens the way to=20
implantation of opponents, their subterfuges,=20
their hiding among the defenses and offenses.
The solo developer/user may be corrupt and=20
compromizable, willing or unwilling, and may use=20
its tool to anonymously attack without=20
retribution or traceabiity. That is quite common.=20
However, it will be possible to eventually track=20
the developer/user due to vanity, arrogance,=20
self-deception, dumbness, ignorance of the=20
near-limitless variety of tracking, seduction,=20
baiting, keeping quiet about the trackability, as=20
done over and other with crypto and other means=20
of security, military grade or fools gold.
Still, there is an enduring appeal to try to beat=20
the system, outsmart the smarties, dare to=20
disobey and revolt. Problem is that appeal is=20
most often promoted by authorities to smoke out=20
their opponents, the main culprits being the=20
professors and peddlers of crypto, comsec,=20
infosec, cybersec, spying, susceptible to the=20
king's coin, jealousy, vanity, pride, entrapment,=20
compromise, bribery, imprisonment.
Self-betrayal and -delusion remain the prime=20
threats against cybersec victory. One's own=20
content contains the seeds of failure, its DNA detectable.
Don't give up, tilting at windmills is the=20
generator of innovation, even if suicidal and=20
madness. Success is the sign of serving authority.
Giving up the battle without fighting is the goal=20
Lao Tzu claimed is the enemy's top strategy. His=20
disinfo has endured among the successful.
 <
 taken?
 =C3=A2=80=EF=BF=BD=EF=BF=BD=C3=A2=80=EF=BF=BD=C3=A2=80=EF=BF=BD=C3=A2=80=EF=
 work)
 <
 but>
 <
 No>
 <
 <http=
 combination.
 <
 scam.
 <
 Storj

@_date: 2020-05-08 20:08:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: tor replacement - was Re: Box for simple Tor node. 
So long as it is much more profitable to prevent=20
and damage cybersecurity it is unlikely that any=20
scheme for reliable and trustworthy public=20
cybersecurity will be developed for any longer=20
than it takes to monetize it, following a=20
campaign to generate public trust with freeware=20
and high recommendations of experts already=20
deeply compromized (that's what experts means).
This has been the pattern for as long as=20
insecurity and fear has been promoted by=20
authoritarians, revolutionaries and "freedom fighters."
Challengers of authority inevitably betray=20
believers for king's coin and/or other=20
irresistable rewards. The only sec methods that=20
publicly protect as expected are the ones never=20
heard about, used briefly, disappear without a=20
trace. "Never heard about," "used briefly," and=20
"disappear without a trace" are obviously=20
deception marketing tools. "Obviously deception marketing tools" too.
Mea culpa. This is freeware. Don't click it.
  taken?
 Message =E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90=E2=80=90
 matter?
 secure."
 >=
 No>
 [Bitc=
 scam.

@_date: 2020-05-26 22:53:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Shame on trolls 
My comment was not aimed at you, a number of folks have posted requests to enlist supporters, researchers, funders, for their projects. A few have repeated the tequests for many months, became irate and accusatory at lack of response. Might wonder if the aim is/was to grab free work, or proselitize for an ideology, overcome loneliness and isolation, front for others, or to just fuck with somebody. All these have been happening on cpunks since its earliest days. Lack of moderation allows that abuse or promise. Promises have sometimes come true. Moderation never delivers on promises, usually suppresses them as off-topic or calling them trolls..

@_date: 2020-05-26 19:07:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RE: Shame on trolls 
Trying to enlist list or SM members in a groveling campaign of self-promotion is as pandemical online as off. Aggrieved lament at minimal interest is a necessary fart let, expecting some kind idler to come forth with a deodorant, or a mean ass-wipe to hurl turds at the stank bitch pleader.
Here you are, this is where to wiggle into a troll-fish-trap.

@_date: 2020-05-27 14:59:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: [tor] Re: torservers.net future 
Barton Gellman claims in Dark Mirror that NSA hacked Tor Browser Bundle. (pp.79-81). Snowden warned "disable the fucking Javasripts."

@_date: 2020-06-25 19:53:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Superseding indictment of Julian Assange as of 6/24/2020 
Assange will be sacrificed and discarded by journalists once no longer useful. This is a long-standing practice to assure official protection and privilege. Assange once advocated this warning but was eventully coopted by journalists who joined his team and pushed the outreach to duplicitous journalism.
Braying about threat to journalism by Assange's prosecution is a deception op conducted in cooperation with authorities. Snowden's promoters have admitted consulting with USG on what to publish, what to redact, what to withhold. Barton Gellman describes his following this CYA standard procedure in Dark Mirror.
WikiLeaks burned sources with loose security, incoherent management, Julian's vanity and opportunism, thinking he could use cohorts for his purpose without penalty. The indictment outlines the parties he enlisted, quite a few likely to have decided to cooperate, like Sabu, the "Teenager," maybe Appelbaum, others pseudonymed.
Those he has manipulated will turn against him under pressure from prosecutors against them, their families and friends. Same happened to Manning, Swartz, kirakou, Hammond, long list of others.
Snowden will eventually be handed over to USG by those he came to trust the most. Trust wears thin over time and goosed by planted suspicions and doubts, ambition, need for income. And fans are notoriously fickle, don't give a shit after the excitement wanes, smears are spread, bots and media countermesures are unleashed, rewards are offered like Greenwald's "irresistables" undergirding The And there is always the AP option for terminating JA. Treachery of supporters is too.

@_date: 2020-06-25 11:44:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange Superseding Indictment 
"LulzSec (who by then was cooperating with the FBI)"
"Since the early days of WikiLeaks, Assange has spoken at
hacking conferences to tout his own history as a famous teenage hacker
in Australia and to encourage others to hack to obtain information for
WikiLeaks. In 2009, for instance, Assange told the Hacking At
Random conference that WikiLeaks had obtained nonpublic documents from
the Congressional Research Service by exploiting a small vulnerability
inside the document distribution system of the United States Congress,
and then asserted that [t]his is what any one of you would find if you
were actually looking.
In 2010, Assange gained unauthorized access to a government computer
system of a NATO country. In 2012, Assange communicated directly
with a leader of the hacking group LulzSec (who by then was cooperating
with the FBI), and provided a list of targets for LulzSec to hack.
With respect to one target, Assange asked the LulzSec leader to look for
(and provide to WikiLeaks) mail and documents, databases and pdfs.
In another communication, Assange told the LulzSec leader that the most
impactful release of hacked materials would be from the CIA, NSA, or the
New York Times. WikiLeaks obtained and published emails from
a data breach committed against an American intelligence consulting
company by an Anonymous and LulzSec-affiliated hacker. According
to that hacker, Assange indirectly asked him to spam that victim company
In addition, the broadened hacking conspiracy continues to allege that
Assange conspired with Army Intelligence Analyst Chelsea Manning to crack
a password hash to a classified U.S. Department of Defense

@_date: 2020-07-19 13:29:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cybersecurity is a Ponzi racket 
Wonder how long it will take to reveal cybersecurity is a Ponzi racket.
Profits from commercial harvesting data of online users now exceeds the total funding of all the global spy agencies, with a healthy chunk of the steal bought by official spies and law enforcement which ignore the violation. Edu, orgs and NGOs part of the rotten racket.

@_date: 2020-08-03 16:01:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The threat of privacy 
Good stuff. Thanks.
Reminds that cryptography has led to the loss of=20
privacy by tagging crypto users, coders, rebels!,=20
promoters, investors. So too cryptocurrency, the=20
Internet, anonymizers, TOR, drop boxes, secure=20
drops, Signal, Telegram, burst transmissions,=20
privacy policies, pro-encryption advocates,=20
comsec wizards, the array of promissories one by=20
one gobbling gullible adopters urged on by lists=20
like this and social media, MSM. financial=20
greeders, hackers, leak sites, turncoats needing pensions.
To be sure, "cash' the imaginaire of economists,=20
is not the same as paper money which can also be=20
tracked by human residue, transactional spoors,=20
aggrieved victims, informers, world bank scholars=20
under contract to finger malefactors, family=20
members eager to payback those who fucked them, dear Mary tell what you=
 know.
 2017.
 nowhere. Oh well.

@_date: 2020-09-02 13:08:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: SKS PGP Keyservers Nodecount Dropping 
Has it not been established that all key servers are compromised, that's _all_ not just some accused to divert attention from all. The compromise is not new just not well understood due to avid promotion of crypto as necessary for public and commercial privacy, infosec, comsec. CryptoAG is a noteworthy example of the deception but its confirmation too is a diversion from more deeply hidden subterfuges.
Then Tor, I2P, CJDNS, Secure Drop, Signal, et al, each eagerly boosted than gradually falling in credibility and trustworthiness to be succeeded by new borns.
It might be worth pondering Snowden's quite limited "gift to the public" as another active measure to bamboozle in the WikiLeaks manner, indeed media-born leaks as a principal tool to meddle with information and data, not that any digital method can compete with the internet itself for that role.
The recent post about crypto's failure to serve the underprivileged, citing cypherpunks as an example, is indicative of where a next step for injecting compromised sec tools is headed, following bitcoin's amazing rise as top tracker of finance under pretense of untraceability.
"Cybersecurity" is booming as education, as jobs, as investments, as must have protection and aggression initiatives. Apt that Covid shot that CyberPonzi delirium with a sneak attack on the backdoor implanters.

@_date: 2020-09-04 15:54:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA phone spying didn't stop terrorist 
Quite a lot of smoke has been blown about Snowden's operation, including the latest court decision and report about stopping terrorist attacks.
First, NSA never accurately discloses tthe effect of attacks, leaks, disclosures, public service announcements, job applications, FOIA responses, answers to inquiries, historical accounts, participations in conferences, educational programs, secrecy agreements, lectures, memoires of ex-officials, the gamut.
Second, the Snowden operation's history, reporting, lawsuits,, books, articles, lectures, speeches, movies, interviews have multiple gaps, perforations, speculations, wishful thinkings, disinformation, lbald-faced lies, fictions, diversions,, pardon advocacies and possibilities, the gamut.
Third, these kind of operations are ancient, repetitive, legendary, taught at spy academies, honed and advanced in the agencies, universities, copied from  and fed to allies and opponents,, provided to publicity and media and educational iintitutions, exchanged with contractors and ohter spy agencies, leaked, dropped, hurled, left in bars and backseats and trains and bedrooms and forums and on dead bodies/ implanted on servers and clouds and classified trransmissions (iie, Manning's op and those regularly featured as from unhappy insiders, freedom fighters, natsec specialists, vengeful ex-mates and BFFs).
Relevance here is the heavy use of inevitably-failure cryptography for classifying, advancing, promoting and disclosing these deceptions, along with the welter of tools for obscuring, enticing and decorating. Privacy a favorite of the 1990s-2000s.
Notably, Jon Callas has recently joined EFF,

@_date: 2020-09-04 15:52:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: NSA phone spying didn't stop terrorist 
Quite a lot of smoke has been blown about Snowden's operation, including the latest court decision and report about stopping terrorist attacks.
First, NSA never accurately discloses tthe effect of attacks, leaks, disclosures, public service announcements, job applications, FOIA responses, answers to inquiries, historical accounts, participations in conferences, educational programs, secrecy agreements, lectures, memoires of ex-officials, the gamut.
Second, the Snowden operation's history, reporting, lawsuits,, books, articles, lectures, speeches, movies, interviews have multiple gaps, perforations, speculations, wishful thinkings, disinformation, lbald-faced lies, fictions, diversions,, pardon advocacies and possibilities, the gamut.
Third, these kind of operations are ancient, repetitive, legendary, taught at spy academies, honed and advanced in the agencies, universities, copied from  and fed to allies and opponents,, provided to publicity and media and educational iintitutions, exchanged with contractors and ohter spy agencies, leaked, dropped, hurled, left in bars and backseats and trains and bedrooms and forums and on dead bodies/ implanted on servers and clouds and classified trransmissions (iie, Manning's op and those regularly featured as from unhappy insiders, freedom fighters, natsec specialists, vengeful ex-mates and BFFs).
Relevance here is the heavy use of inevitably-failure cryptography for classifying, advancing, promoting and disclosing these deceptions, along with the welter of tools for obscuring, enticing and decorating. Privacy a favorite of the 1990s-2000s.
Notably, Jon Callas has recently joined EFF,

@_date: 2020-09-06 20:03:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Phys.org: Revolutionary quantum breakthrough paves way for safer online communication 
Yes, privacy is a lure for siphoning user data. An ancient artifice like deity for raising funds for temples. Aka national security. Or cryptography. Or cities. Or peoples. Or individuals. Or freedom. Or language. Or communcation.

@_date: 2020-09-06 15:01:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: The Paedophile Prince, not -- Re: Democrat 'demon rat' woman attacks another child over MAGA sig 
Appeal of pedophilia, or any sexual predation, is that it is forbidden, by custom, law, religion, belief, psychopathology.
Doesn't matter what the rationale or preventative regulation stipulates, so long as it is banned that makes the violation alluring.
If it is okay to do whatever is banned, appeal disappears. The normal is a turnoff, so its got to dressed in cosmetics, costume, behavior, edict, law, shame, risk, daring, locker room talk, braggardy, you know, the stuff marketed by the sex trade, religion, espionage, charm school, higher education, vulgarity trainers, prosecutors, lawyers, judges, wives and husbands, parents and children being prepared to be lasciviously appealing adults.
Stigmatizing porn and masturbation has just about disappeared by overflowing marketplaces and behavior sanctioning professions. The LBQT dot dot dot is expanding almost as fast as global election meddling and lurid entertainment, all lagging and emulating official and commercial and religious spying and reporting upsetting information.
War slaughter is the top sexual predation, every human a potential actor and victim. Once addicted to massive bloodletting not much can compete, although masturbation througn simulations in carnage-rich games is racing to outdo the unpleasantly real. Shortly games wizards will drive the actual standoff homicides. To be sure, games wizards do not expect to be beaten to pulp by more capable punks.
Place your bets on whether CIC Mr. T makes it to November in one piece, unfucked.

@_date: 2020-10-02 13:15:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Releases Under 2010 FOIA Two Formerly Top Secret COMINT Documents 
NSA Releases Under 2010 FOIA Two Formerly Top Secret COMINT Documents:
Norman Boardman Interview 1986
 (63 pp, 16MB)
History of Computer Security 1998
 (110 pp, 29MB)

@_date: 2020-10-12 12:39:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Re: Setting up PGP 
Use of any online or digital programs and/or devices for comsec/infosec should be avoided unless completely enclosed and transmitted with non-online or non-digital means. There are a number of non-onlne and non-digital means available, the first and most reliable is your brain so long as it is not contaminated with belief in online and digital prejudice now over a century in promulgaton. The principal efforts for this promulgation is computers, coding, obfuscation, propaganda, arcanity, scientism, residual astrology, confidence gaming, spouting mantras, i.e., "cypherpunks write code."
This oh so cool mantra derives from the magicial, bewitching lodestone "national security," the abiding weapon of nations governed as royalty, heirarchical, the few overlording the many with force, elections, education, faith and trivializing deriviatives of entertainment, media, chat, parties, militants, rebels, revolutionaries, independents, intellectuals, geniuses, "democracies" ruled by  kingdoms of presidents, congresses, courts.
Nonetheless, always a nonetheless apologia for top-down regimes, far more rewarding to cooperate with authorities than to defy them, more lucrative too. So backdoors in crypto, each and every version, must be inherent code, along with outpourings of assurances there are workarounds to escape the many and be one of the few. Today, that is marketed as "smart."
