
@_date: 2001-09-28 16:43:55
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Ex-UK Home Secretary blames crypto lobbyists for hijackers (2) 
I was moved to rant about it on the UKcrypto list & I crosspost it here,
if only because I like the sound of my own voice. I heard it as well.  It made me angry. Angry enough to waste 20 minutes
It does seem as if Straw was taking it personally. My guess is that some
of it stems from New Labour's vast desire to win elections.   They
believe that government must seem to be strong to be re-elected. So
anything that looks like a government defeat is an anomaly that should
be rectified as soon as possible. If Straw really thinks he gave in on
encryption (as far as I can tell they won) then a new bill will be
somewhere on his list.
That is probably OK - he's not Home Secretary any more. The real problem
is that the government as a whole is obsessed with party unity. They
hate anyone being off-message, they think it loses votes. So when the
leadership is seen to be going in one direction, everyone else must be
seen to be marching in step. There has been more than one occasion where
Blair said something off the cuff and it suddenly became untouchable
policy. Not because there is any kind of personality cult - Labour still
hasn't sunk that far, in Britain that kind of perverted loyalty is more
likely to be met with among Tories  - but because they have been told by
generations of journalists that divided parties lose elections.
So if a censorship or encryption clampdown gets into a Blair speech
instead of a Straw one, and if it is allowed to become policy, or even
to seem to be policy,  then they will waste time getting new legislation
*even* *if* *they* *know* *it* *is* *useless*  because they value party
unity above passing good laws. They will do this for moral reasons,
because they think that if they seem disunited or weak then the Tories
will win, and pass worse laws. So they do the Tories work for them.  As
usual they are refighting the last war with the tactics of the one
before - they are still obsessed with Thatcher, desiring both to defeat
her and to be like her; but most of all to stop any Tory like her ever
getting into power again.
In hard times the government needs to keep its eye on the ball. The sort
of nonsense Straw was talking about  this morning won't help anybody. It is a waste of time. He's doing a bloody good job as Foreign
Secretary,  he should stick to it, and forget about censorship,
encryption and i.d. cards; measure which wouldn't have stopped the
attack, won't stop the next one, and will waste the time and money and
effort of the police and the intelligence services whilst alienating
people who would in other circumstances be this government's strong
supporters. They will spend billions on measures that will annoy
millions of law-abiding citizens, just to make life slightly tougher for
a few travellers, immigrants, rough-sleepers, and moonlighters  and sad
men who like to look at dirty pictures, while doing *nothing* to worry
organised crime or terrorists.
The weirdest thing was Boris Johnson outflanking Jack Straw on the left. Johnson was saying on the same program, that the attackers have a
"conservative" frame of mind (and less relevantly that such conservatism
seemed to be inherent in Islam). He at first seemed to say (or was
reported as saying by the journalists) that the attackers had a fear and
loathing of women which perhaps disturbed their minds, made them behave
in ways that to us seem irrational or insane. Later he retracted that
but called them "conservatives" (he seemed to realise the irony as he
spoke), people scared of social change, of uncertainty, of the apparent
disorder and liberty of Europe and America.
Straw  - in this context - is a conservative. He has, I think, a sincere
desire, deeply and strongly felt, for order in society. He is
emotionally disturbed by kids hanging around on street corners, by
aggressive speech, by ranting, by travellers (I  cringe with
embarrassment when I remember is absurd racist nonsense about "real
gypsies". That man is in the same party as me?), by illegal immigrants,
by petty smuggling, by public drunkenness, by litter, by disorder and
complexity and ragged edges in general. He wants to clean up all the
social clutter.  It is the other side of the coin from the concern for
"social exclusion". He wants everyone to be socially included, and those
who can't, or won't, be included are scary. He thinks we would all be
happier if everyone knew their place. He's not really a nationalist, but he is a statist. He thinks security
and order are the product of the state, and that without the state our
lives would be nasty, brutish, and short. So the authority of the state
must be preserved.  For him teenagers drinking cheap cider on street
corners are at the thin end of a wedge that leads to the destruction of
This kind of conservative personality (whether Islamic-conservative or
New-Labour-conservative) can all too easily slide into the sort of
authoritarianism that objects to unlicensed people going about their
unlicensed business, that wants to force everybody not just to know
their place but to keep their place, that fears unregulated speech, that
hates the idea of men with no master. That thinks that the only way to
stop the kids hanging about on the street corners is to tell them where
they should be and make sure they stay there. That thinks that the only
way of preventing us from spreading hate over the Internet or from
plotting to put bombs in the House of Commons car park is to listen to
everything we say. That everything that is not explicitly commanded
should be forbidden. That the giving and the taking of orders is good
for the soul. In British politics that sort of authoritarian personality
has typically found a home in  the Conservative Party (some Tories love
to spout about libertarianism and free trade,  but the party as a whole
has been firmly grounded in  blue-rinsed, nationalist, royalist,
protectionist, petty deferentialism for it's entire history). But I
think we are seeing the result of authoritarian entryism into the Labour
Boris Johnson, I hate to admit, was right. If this is a war, we aren't going to win it by capitulating. Jack Straw
made a surrender speech this morning. He called for appeasement. He
almost certainly has no idea that that is what he was doing.
I think Straw makes a decent Foreign Secretary. Intelligent, honest,
hard-working, sincere, a lover of law and the Law, the last man to go
and drop bombs on people for revenge and spite.  But I thank God he
isn't Home Secretary any more. I honestly doubt that he is emotionally capable of understanding why some of us cannot morally put up with i.d.
cards and censorship. The liberty we love seems to him to be disorder,
irrationality, delusion.

@_date: 2001-09-14 11:55:27
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: London Daily Telegraph wants to ban all crypto and invade 
In an opinion  column in the London Daily Telegraph, John Keegan calls
for a combined US/Russian/British invasion of Afghanistan: He then goes on to say, and I quote:
"There are other current movements of which to take note, as yet
insubstantial but certain to gather concrete form. One is the retreat of
human rights lawyers from the forefront of public life. America in a war
mood will have no truck with tender concern for constitutional
safeguards of the liberty of its enemies. The other, which ordinary
Americans will have to learn to bear, is interference with their liberty
of instant electronic access to friends and services." "The World Trade Centre outrage was co-ordinated on the internet,
without question. If Washington is serious in its determination to
eliminate terrorism, it will have to forbid internet providers to allow
the transmission of encrypted messages - now encoded by public key
ciphers that are unbreakable even by the National Security Agency's
computers - and close down any provider that refuses to comply." "Uncompliant providers on foreign territory should expect their
buildings to be destroyed by cruise missiles. Once the internet is
implicated in the killing of Americans, its high-rolling days may be
reckoned to be over."
The "Torygraph" is the most conservative of Britain's serious newspapers, and is edited from (IIRC) the 30th floor of London's tallest
office tower, which overlooks London City Airport,  from which STOL
planes take off pointing straight at the tower. I know, I've been there
myself, it scared me then.  Their fear is excusable. Their
bloodthirstiness is understandable. Their stupidity is neither.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-09-13 12:23:32
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: low tech, high concept 
Someone in Another Place posted this link: Ken Brown
apparently posted on 2000.11.30:
"When the two towers that make up the World Trade Center were built,
they were designed to withstand the impact of the largest airliner of
the day, the Boeing 707 Intercontinental. The Empire State Building
survived a B-25 medium bomber crashing into it on very foggy day. It was
during the weekend when most people weren't there, but still, 14 people
died. Anyone wanna bet that the World Trade Center could survive an
767-300 impact?"
and follow-up thread including stuff like:
"if a 707 or a 757 slammed into the World Trade Center, it might be much
more damaging than the case of the B-25 bomber that crashed into the
Empire State Building. For one thing, unlike the Empire State Building, which has more heavy
concrete, the World Trade Center is made more of steel and glass - this
may mean far greater structural damage due to the impact and flying
glass shards and debris raining down on the people below. There could be
a possibility of toppling if the 707 or the 757 came in at a high enough
speed. Both of these planes arelarger and heavier than a B-25 bomber, so
this means a greater force of impact. I'm no expert on building
structure or air crashes, but it would no doubt be far worse than the
Empire State Building disaster. It is very doubtful any passengers or crew would have survived such a
grim scenario. Also, there are probably more people per floor in the
World Trade Center compared to the Empire State Building, so casualties
in the building will likely be much higher.  However, I wouldn't be surprised if the authorities would have a strict
exclusion zone preventing any large airplanes, especially commercial
airliners, from getting too close to Manhattan, so that there would be
no repeat of the Empire State Building crash. Other large buildings have been crashed into by large airliners, like
the El Al 747-200F that crashed into an apartment complex in Amsterdam
several years ago. There was a small Cessna plane that crashed into a hospital in Edmonton,
the city where I live. This was in the early 1980s, and did prompt fears
about larger planes crashing right in the middle of Edmonton. The
hospital sits right underneath the approach path to the City Centre
Airport. It was quoted in the news by a member of the city council that
"one day a 737 will slam into the hospital, and that will be it". Edmonton City Centre Airport (formerly the Municipal Airport) did used
to have quite a few 737s and BAe 146s flying in and out of there until
1995, when it was closed to most scheduled flights. This airport sits
only a few kilometres north of downtown Edmonton, so it is well within
the built up areas.  There are risks when you have an airport like Kai Tak(now closed) or
Love Field in Dallas, TX served by larger airliners the size of a 737 or
larger and sitting well within an urban area. Believe me, it's amazing
that Kai Tak has never had a disaster like that, considering that Hong
Kong has so many skyscrapers so near the airport - and that Hong Kong is
one of the most densely populated cities in the world. "

@_date: 2001-09-11 11:32:25
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: UKUSA Courts Monitoring 
The name "Andrew Macpherson" struck me as vaguely familiar. I did some
searches  to update myself. He (or "an unknown entity using that name")
has been an occasional contributor to Bugtraq & other mailing lists on
SSH, email protocols, and security for BSD, NIS, NFS & other stuff.
There is a suggestion for an encrypted Unix passwd changing scheme at
Also he's been on the committee of UK Unix User Group, along with some
people I actually know - so we are getting into true names territory
Well, maybe he is a Secret Master of Repression of Telecoms. Of course
it could be that, like nearly every other DNS record in the world, the
name is that of the senior nerd on site & for whatever reason Nortel are
(or once were) running their tech stuff from the UK. According to
 Bell
Northern & Northern Telecom merged nt.com, bnr.ca & bnr.co.uk into one
DNS domain in 1997 so it might well be that the whole thing has
sometimes been  managed centrally outwith the USA.
It isn't at all surprising that Nortel register .gov names of course,
even the Men In Black need to actually be connected to the Net to use it
& I suspect that Nortel does quite a lot of that.   But, even if this isn't evidence of it, I still think you USAns are
paying our spies to spy on you so that your ones don't have to. Why else
are there so many British military & comms people based in Canada? And
at least some in Bermuda and the Bahamas. Not to mention Baltimore. There's a whole lot of listening going in in the world.
But then you guys also had (till recently) big bases in Bermuda which is
*our* colony, thank you very much. Gotta keep those sassy Bermudans in
their place. Of course there were no British or US naval officers at all
who liked to be there for a nice break & maybe some yacht racing at the
taxpayer's expense, no, who would think such a thing...
Ken Brown
AM doesn't like anonymous mail though:

@_date: 2001-09-11 14:55:26
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old 
Yep, just a flash crowd. The BBC web site is all but unobtainable.
Transatlantic data traffic is slow, but flowing.
If you are in Manhattan YMMV.

@_date: 2001-09-14 11:11:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Of course commerce as we have it today would "grind to a halt" if "we"
didn't have crypto, for any value of "we" that includes me as a private
individual.    When you say "we" you exclude the banks, the
bureaucracies, big business. You think it is fine for them to use all
these wonderful things, but not for the rest of us.
You are suggesting that it is wrong for me as a private person to make
use of the accumulated knowledge and work of programmers like myself;
but OK for me in my capacity as an employee of a multinational
corporation (which I used to be) or the Inland Revenue (which I also
used to be - hey! I was the taxman! I admit it!). So if I put on a suit
and get my old job back, then *you* can't use the tools that I would
every day? This does not compute.
And your "ten years ago" is a bit off. Thirty years ago I would have had
to go to a counter at a bank to get my own money out as cash, and I
would have had to have had a recommendation from a Respectable Person to
have had the account in the first place. By the time I first went to
university, 25 years ago, all I had to do was stick a card in the wall.
As you bloody well know, the entire ATM system depends on crypto (if not
that well implemented, see Ross Anderson, passim)
This is basic stuff. You know all this. It's been obvious for years Most
of the "money" in the world is just bookkeeping entries in databases in
computers (mostly here in London & in New York of course - quite a few
were in the vicinity of WTC - I assume they had backups). You bet that
needs crypto.  When I first worked with mainframe computers in the 1980s
we used tapes for money transfer to the banks. Crypto paid my wages,
literally. My ability to pay the rent next month was a little bit of
text on a 9-inch tape. That was one job any sysprog would be happy to
work late to get through.  Now it is all online and I hope the systems
are better...
Of course that wasn't "crypto as we know it".  Things change. Deal with
it. In another ten or twenty years there will be other sorts of crypto.
Or are you banning R&D as well? Anyway, as you also know if you have
been paying any attention at all, the laws they pass in your country
(whichever that might be) won't even stop your own neighbours from using
crypto if they want to, never mind all us nasssty little foreigners. We've got the genie, you can bring the bottle, where is the cork?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-09-12 15:45:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
A friend of mine wonders if they had a Boeing flight simulator.
Apparently they would need to know how to disable the autopilot and do a
couple of other technobabble things a groundling like me doesn't
recognise. But with access to a training simulator they could learn
enough in a few days. Or so I am told.  I suppose such machines are all over the place these days, Boeing having
more or less a monopoly on medium-large commercial passenger planes. So
there could be training facilities just about anywhere. I have no real
idea how rare and/or expensive they would be.

@_date: 2001-09-12 12:15:30
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
Thee is also a net.rumour (with Jerry Pournelle's name attached to it)
that someone on the plane attacked the hijackers whilst someone else was
phoning home & describing it.  Or it could be that the pilot
deliberately went for a relatively uninhabited area. No doubt there will be other rumours.

@_date: 2001-09-14 13:35:57
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
Yeah, but your government is behaving like the British government used
to. Has been for a century really. Just another colonial power like all
the rest.

@_date: 2001-09-14 11:28:49
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
When we British used to run the biggest empire the world has ever seen,
we used to call them "punitive expeditions".
They never did anyone a bit of fucking good, except a few colonial
Oh, and they never worked against Afghanistan. And still won't, for the
same reason. What happens to the Afghans if the US take and burn every
city, bomb every dam, every generator, mine every road? Just what has
been happening to them for the last 30 years, that's what. And Taliban
or worse for another generation.
The only way to change Afghanistan is to let the Afghans do it. And most
of the ones who could are in Iran now, the only country in the world
that helped them when the so-called west was supporting what became the
Bush II isn't behaving like Hitler, but like some British colonial
general circa 1825-1880
We have statues of them dotted around central London. So-and-so the
conqueror of Sind. Whats-his-name the hero of the Punjab. No-one now
remembers who they were, or anything about them, unless they happened to
have a city named for them, or become Prime Minister of some remote
colony, or die nobly surrounded by hordes of locals asking impolitely
for their land back.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-09-14 14:05:11
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
That might be current contemporary US usage, but it is not how the word
started. Originally it was used (In French I suspect) for states
terrorising the people they ruled, like the Russian pogroms. Later it
was widened to include non-governmental groups. In WW2 bombing of
residential cities was widely called "terror bombing" (even by Churchill
in private).
But it is a distinction without a difference. Who would you think had
the most capacity to wage war, a small state such as Nauru or St Lucia,
or an armed non-state like ETA or some of the Colombian gangs? Calling
this attack "war" or "terrorism" is a matter of emotional colour.

@_date: 2001-09-18 10:29:48
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Majority of Americans want anti-encryption laws, poll says 
Putting aside encryption for a moment, the real stand-outs in the
"Hotline" survey Declan posted  are the 54% who replied that they would
attack suspects even if they have no proof they did it, the 32% who
would "put Arabs and Arab-Americans under special surveillance" and the
astonishing 32% "very confident" and 42% "somewhat confident" that
"national and local law enforcement can stop terrorist plots".
I don't think that half the the people of the USA are militarist bigots
living in Cloud-Cuckoo Land, but if I did this wouldn't disabuse me.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-09-20 17:52:47
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: from alt.security.terrorism 
Little pictures.
NYC in webdings translates into    i.e. "I love
New York". Deliberate?
In Windings it comes out as   - if intentional presumably a sackable offence wherever they
designed the character set all those years ago.
The font size is irrelevant.
This must be the bored office-workers equivalent of looking for messages
in the stonecutter's scratches on the Great Pyramid.

@_date: 2001-09-20 16:37:21
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: from alt.security.terrorism 
Shit.  I wonder if anyone's been sacked for that yet?

@_date: 2001-09-25 13:23:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: ANWR 
My guess is their thinking is based on damage to road surface rather
than on fuel consumption. Damage to road surface varies with some
unlikely power of pressure exerted.   I can't remember references right
now unfortunately. But it works out that  cars & vans cause effectively
none of the damage, medium-sized goods vehicles cause vast amounts,
larger trucks & busses less than you'd think (multiple axles, bigger
tyres) and the occasional giant load (construction crane, tunnel
sections, tank transporters, whatever) a lot more.

@_date: 2001-09-28 15:57:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
And google is of course the fount of all wisdom?
As I think someone else pointed out, the original vaccine *was* based on
cowpox. Inoculation with dried up pustules from smallpox victims had
been known about since at least the 10th century in China and by the
18th had spread all over Asia and Europe. However there was apparently a
1-5% chance of causing smallpox, so it was a desperate remedy. Jenner
had the idea of using cowpox pustules from milkmaids. They thought that
cowpox was caught from cows so called it "vaccination". As you say (& I didn't realise till I looked it up just now) it was
later based on vaccinia virus, which is of unknown origin. Just turned
up in a lab one day. It is called "vaccinia" because it was first
discovered in a vaccine.  It probably isn't a recent variation on either
smallpox or cowpox because parts of its genetic sequence are less close
to either of them than they are to each other. (Which might be a clue
that other pox viruses could be used for immunisation as well). Vaccinia
is *not* harmless - people have died of it, and it has become endemic in
the water buffalo population of India, from where it sometimes infects
cows and very rarely infects humans. It might possibly have originated
as a bovine disease, maybe introduced by mistake for cowpox
Smallpox vaccine is still apparently available to people who work in
labs on other poxes, and to medical staff in the (small) part of West
Africa where monkey pox is a human health problem.
Just out of interest, cowpox is *not* a natural disease of cows, but of
rodents, probably originally susliks or gerbils.  It seems that cows can
catch a mild form of it when in close proximity to rodents (such as in
18th century English barns in winter) as can humans. Similarly monkey
pox is originally a disease of squirrels, but was noticed first in
Smallpox isn't likely to be a war-winning weapon, though it could cause
a great deal of terror. It spreads slowly enough so that any country
whose pharmaceutical factories haven't been blown up by cruise missiles
could probably tool up in time to prevent an epidemic, helped by some
sensible quarantines. There are many potential low-tech vaccines. It
kills 10-30% of victims, slowly, and many people in Europe and Asia have
some hereditary immunity or residual effect from vaccination. If you
used it against an army you are likely to end up with very, very, angry
enemies, mostly still capable of fighting.
There are many other poxviruses such as volepox. There is even one
endemic to the USA: skunkpox. You Americans just have to inject yourself
with pus from a poxy skunk if you are worried. Personally I'm much more
scared by nerve gasses. No time to prepare, no practical precautionary
measures anyway.
Details not from Google, but from  Gilbert &7 Allison (1998)
"Vaccination and Immunisation" in Hugo & Russell "Pharmaceutical
Microbiology", 6th edition,  (Blackwell's Oxford) and also from Fenner
(1996) "Poxviruses", chapter 84 of "Field's Virology", 3rd edition
(Lippincott, New York).
Ken Brown (who is a microbiologist when he has his lab coat on)

@_date: 2001-09-27 19:15:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: The Confession Of Aimee Farr 
It's OK - we can fall back on the key-ring decoder.

@_date: 2001-09-28 16:41:03
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Ex-UK Home Secretary blames crypto lobbyists for hijackers (1) 
Jack Straw, the previous UK Home Secretary, sounded off about encryption
and the law in a radio interview this morning. He seemed to blame
"naive" libertarians for watering down laws and preventing security
people from spotting the hijackers. He wasn't very coherent on the
matter. Naive libertarians of my acquaintance haven't yet worked out
which law he meant - it can't be RIP which wasn't in force when the
suspects were in Britain & would have made no difference anyway. Maybe
it was the Human Rights Act, of which Straw was a strong supporter? He
also thinks his opponents should have changed their mind.  Perhaps we
would if were were as forgetful as he seems to be.
Ken Brown
Posted to UKcrypto by Ian Miller:
The Straw interview with Sue MacGregor (in RealAudio format) is on the
site at
This is a 16 minute clip.  The Straw interview starts 5 minutes in
The first six minutes were largely about his recent diplomacy and, in my
view, generally good sense.  The following transcript is from 11:49 into
the click until the end of the interview at 13:45.
Now you talk about eleven terrorists coming passed through here, I
understand that may be true, but I would also like to make this point, I
would like to ask you on the Today programme and other journalists to
your mind back to the approach that all of you were taking before the
eleventh of September.  I can tell you and look at the record whenever I
was arguing in favour of tougher anti-terrorist powers or tougher powers
for example to de-encrypt commercially encrypted e-mails I was told that
this was a breach of civil liberties, almost that it was the end of
civilisation as we knew it and that it was completely unnecessary and
beginning of Big Brother society.  What I was doing and those who were
supporting me were doing was to say "hang on a second we live a
MacGregor (interrupting):
It wasn't this programme that was saying that, just to clarify, it maybe
people on this programme put that point of view.
But there is an issue of the culture of journalism.  You of course very
often are a mouth piece for the prevailing non-governmental
and I understand why.  But I am just saying the prevailing mood was all
way, that this was Big Brother government.  It wasn't Big Brother
government.  It was government trying to put in place increased powers
that we could preserve and sustain our democracy against this new kind
threat.  Let me just give you one example, Sue.  We needed to take
so that we could de-encrypt commerically encrypted e-mails and other
communications. Why?  Because we knew that terrorists were going to use
this.  What happened?  Large parts of the industry, backed by some
who will now recognise they were very naive in retrospect said "you
do that" and the pressure was so great that we and in the United States,
used to talk to Jane Reno the then Attorney General about this, we had
back down a bit.  Now I heard people say "Why are these terrorists
Well the answer is not because of any lapse by the intelligence or
services or the police but because people have had a two dimensional
of civil liberties.  The most fundamental civil liberty is the right to
life, and preserving that and sustaining that must come before others.
Foreign Secretary, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.

@_date: 2001-10-31 17:43:59
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: NOTAM:  GA prohibited w/in 10 miles of nuke plants 
Yep.  Mr. Usr Bin Local records a video saying that a light aircraft
that hits the  at the power plant will cause it to release
large amounts of  Evil Radiation. The only thing to do is
to escape upwind as quickly as possible and never come back within 20
miles or you will all die and your children will grow horns and tails.
But the Government doesn't want the citizens to know because then it
will cause panic, and the emergency services will be stressed by all the
radiation-sick, and more people will die anyway of starvation, rioting,
looting, & so on.
Then release it to the media (of more than one country) just about the
time the plane hits the concrete. so the locals will see the reports as
they see the firetrucks screaming. Whether or not the plant is seriously
damaged is neither here nor there.
Actually, you don't have to make the video, because people will come the
that very conclusion by themselves as soon as they see the expert types
on the TV telling them that there is no reason to panic.
Or say the plane is filled with lots of anthrax. Doesn't really have to
be for the first-order effect - just has to be believed to be. Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-26 15:09:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Torture Never Stops.. 
One of the many instantiations of Nomen Nescio (whose name is Legion)
You probably have no idea how much this makes my flesh creep
Oh, I believe it. You do consider yourself one. You are sadly deluded
though, and not only about the difference between "affect" and "effect".
This is a troll, right?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-25 12:55:11
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
Of course. I was just pointing out that some of the time, in some
places,  they conscripted labour into industry. A lot of the time they
did various other things. In general they both wanted to restrict
movement and (later) to slowly reduce the proportion of people working
on the land. And like most other countries they had industrial
conscription during the war.
I wasn't really trying to make a point about the Soviet Union, just the
general point that a very large number of people don't get to make a
choice about where they live or how they work. Most people, in
practice,  not being prepared, or able, to risk execution, or starve, or
even drop  whatever they have and run for the border - that is if we'll
let them over the border.
All drifting very off-topic for cypherpunks.

@_date: 2001-10-22 11:34:24
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: ENVELOPE STUFFING JOB 
I'm not at all sure that a large collection of anthrax spores would look
like a powder. These things are far too small to see individually. A
mass of them would look like a paste. Any visible granularity would
either be because they had agglutinated into larger particles in some
way, or because they had been mixed with a powder as some sort of
vector.  New emergency law in UK as of this week. Up to 7 years in jail for
biowarfare hoaxes.
In a world of cheap DNA sequencing, these well-known bacteria bear their
ancestry with them like an audit trail. They are *American* anthrax. Why doesn't the FBI let some of those Arabs go without torturing them,
and pick up some of the workers from their own biowar labs?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-17 13:49:44
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: .mil censor$ commerc. satellite imagery 
Multimap has that for the UK.  From planes I'm pretty sure.
has the building I work in.  Windows on upper stories clearly visible.
As are cars and vans in the street  - of course they are where they
where when the picture was taken, which was sometime before summer 2000
going by the building works in the British Museum at the bottom of the
Also proper maps, with contours and buildings and field boundaries and
so on.  It makes you wonder why anyone made a fuss about Arab-looking folk
taking photos of airfields and dams.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-10 12:12:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards in profiling 
What's that officer, you want to look in my kitchen?
I do buy flat Turkish bread. My daughter likes it. And we have some
pickled chillis in a jar. And buckwheat, and olive oil. And dried fruit.
I even have Claudia Roden's Book of Middle Eastern Cookery. Actually I
have  Nosher  [must be a pseudonym?] Djan's book of Afghan cookery in
the other room.  I'll put my hands in the cuffs right now sir. And, yes, I have to confess, I have some chickpeas. And even a jar of
tahini. I went to this party, back in about 1976, and they had hummus,
and once I'd tried some I was hooked. A couple of years later I found
out how to make it and I remember sitting on the floor in a shared house
somewhere in Durham and eating home-made hummus and I realised that I
understood the ontological proof of the existence of God, and that if
you actually understood it it was obviously  true. Since then I haven't
quite been able to recapture that moment. Hummus on wholemeal bread,
hummus in pitta, hummus with breadsticks, hummus on salad, hummus with
lamb kebabs when walking home from the club at 3 am - no, I haven't told
you about the club yet, it doesn't matter, the Borough council closed us
down after a political argument but  -  yes, I'll come quietly, officer. Yes, those are my microscopes, and those are petri dishes, and I do have
a shelf-full of books on microbiology, would you like to see my degree
certificate? No, it's unpasteurised sheep's cheese. Anthrax doesn't look
like that. Well, it probably does smell a bit like that, I agree. Would
you like to try some?
It's a fair cop, guv.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-01 13:00:28
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
In fact it is the normal condition. China, India, Russia, Indonesia,
Iran,  and even our very own UK. All put together, well over half the
population of the world.

@_date: 2001-10-02 16:19:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: STILL OFF TOPIC: Re: America needs therapy 
Once the catcher is high enough it ought to be possible to set the
launcher so that missed catches zip round Earth & head out. After all,
at Lunar OV it "wants" to be in a high orbit.  Achieving re-entry
through Earth's atmosphere - sorry that should be "entry" it wasn't here
in the first place - needs some precision.
And if the loads are anything smaller than a large truck, they ought not
to harm Earth anyway. Just a pretty light show for anyone watching the
skies. Nothing like as fast as natural meteors.
Moon-Earth flight time could be days. As many days as you want I suppose
as long as you are going faster than the Moon's escape velocity, and
certainly very many hours.  If you do it right there is no reason it
couldn't pass the station at almost any required speed.
Catching is the hard part. A plain ordinary net might have to do, at
least at first. Well, not *that* plain or ordinary. But it needs to be
light because it comes up from Earth. You have to start small, with
pea-sized consignments. Or baked-bean-can-sized. Then you work up,
making new equipment from stuff sent from the moon. Anything big enough to do damage on Earth will be visible from Earth. So
it isn't at all a useful weapons launching system. If you are trying to
drop big hot rocks on cities, they will have time to run away (low tech
solution) or phone up their sub commanders and tell them to light the
blue touchpaper (high tech solution). Same goes with knobs on for nukes.
The way to get a station into higher orbits is to start even higher and
drop stuff onto it from above.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-02 13:00:46
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: STILL OFF TOPIC: Re: America needs therapy 
And if you can put up a bloody huge enough launcher on the moon, (use
solar energy or nuclear - why not - it is one place in the system that
we don't care about pollution) then you can send material back all the
way to LEO by slingshot, and when it is captured by the facility at LEO,
if you do it right, you can get a "free" boost in orbit because of
greater orbital velocity of moon.
So the more you accrete onto your LEO station the higher it flies.  Why
not make it the size of Wales? Hello Earth Station One.
Well, 3 technically I suppose, Mir was One, the thing up there now is
Two. Can't really count Skylab.
There is a good fun fictional treatment of the lunar-driven space
station idea  by Donald Kingsbury "The Moon Goddess and the Son".
Written before the Soviet Union fell. In the book they get done in by
home-made cruise missiles built out of private planes & off-the-shelf,
computers, autopilots, and GPS  by Afghan refugees who studied aero
engineering in Europe and the US. I think it might be worth re-reading.
That and "Arslan" AKA "The Wind from Bukhara" by Madeleine (?) Engh.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-03 10:44:33
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
FYI it works fine from over here & has for a while. nslookup Name:    cryptome.org
Address:  161.58.201.197
Aliases:  nslookup jya.org
Non-authoritative answer:
Name:    jya.org
Address:  216.248.201.38
Do you mean that there really is only one nameserver? If so that would
be a large-scale dereliction of duty for a respectable ISP. Or that
there are two (or more) servers, but both your entries are on the same
ones? That would be OK.
Nasty computer programs written by clever but socially deprived authors?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-09 14:01:08
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Let's Attack The Irish White Christian Terroroists... 
In general the provisional IRA (*not* the same people as the "real IRA",
who of course aren't) have given warnings when bombing what they would
regard as "civilian" targets, though not against the British military or
people they see as "collaborators" in Ireland.  There have been 3
explosions near buildings I've worked in, and in each case there were
police and firefighters there already. The Omagh business was quite
different and done by different people.

@_date: 2001-10-09 14:20:57
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Register on Anderson: "Times misquoted me - crypto expert" 
:-) The (London) Times is in a sad decline historical eminence as the paper
of record since it was taken over by Murdoch. It is basically run as a
loss-leader to preserve Murdoch's claim to respectability.  The Sun is
the archetypal contentless tabloid, where the methods of snide laddish
journalism developed in Scotland and Australia in the 1950s and early
60s were honed into a money-making behemoth in the 1970s before being
exported to the USA and other countries. Us Brits may not have invented
rock & roll but we perfected the populist tabloid headline. To be fair
the Sun has improved slightly in the past 4 or 5 years, but then it
could hardly have got worse. If it had become any more pornographic the
distributors would have moved it off the news shelves, if it had got any
more cynical and thuggish it would have lost many of its readers. Ross Anderson's letter to the times appeared on the UKcrypto list. Which
is archived, & therefore I guess crosspostable. Apologies in advance to
Ross if he didn't want to see it here. The stuff after the "=====" is
crossposted from UKcrypto.
The implication has to be that the Times is no longer a newspaper in
this context, but an instrument of government propaganda.
Ken Brown
The Editor,
The Times,
Dear Sir:
In Friday's article, `Secrets concealed by software' [1], you quoted
me as saying that rather than using steganography, it was `likely that
they [al-Qaida] sent thousands of innocent messages along with their
live orders, so that the secret information was missed.'
Your claim is untrue. I did not say that.
Your reporter called me and told me he had had a briefing from the
security services that al-Qaida were using steganography, that is,
hiding messages inside other objects such as MP3 files or images.  He
asked me whether I thought this was plausible. I replied that although
it was technically possible, it was unlikely; and that, according to
the FBI, the hijackers had sent ordinary emails in English or Arabic.
I explained that the main problem facing police communications
intelligence is traffic selection - knowing which of the billions of
emails to look at - rather than the possibility that the emails might
be encrypted or otherwise camouflaged. A competent opponent is
unlikely to draw attention to himself by being one of the few users of
encryption or anonymity services.
For just the same reason, he is unlikely to draw attention to himself
be sending unreasonably large numbers of messages as cover traffic.
Instead, he will hide his messages among the huge numbers of quite
innocuous messages that are sent anyway. Throwaway email accounts with
service providers such as hotmail are the natural way to do this.
Unfortunately, the story that bin Laden hides his secret messages in
pornographic images on the net appears to be too good for the tabloids
to pass up. It appears to have arisen from work done by Niels Provos
at the University of Michigan. In November last year, he wrote in a
technical report that he could find no evidence that messages were
being hidden in online images. By February this year, this had been
been conflated by USA Today, an American popular paper, with an
earlier FBI briefing on cryptography into a tale that terrorists could
be using steganography to hide messages [2]. Similar material has
surfaced in a number of the racier areas of the net [3], despite being
criticised a number of times by more technically informed writers [4].
It is unclear what national interest is served by security agencies
propagating this lurid urban myth. Perhaps the goal is to manufacture
an excuse for the failure to anticipate the events of November 11th.
Perhaps it is preparaing the ground for an attempt at bureaucratic
empire-building via Internet regulation, as a diversionary activity
from the much harder and less pleasant task of going after al-Qaida.
Perhaps the vision of bin Laden as cryptic pornographer is being spun
to create a subconscious link, in the public mind, with the scare
stories about child pornography that were used before September 11th
to justify government plans for greater Internet regulation.
Whatever the security services' motive, it is quite unclear to me why
a `quality newspaper' should have run this story, even after its
technical and operational implausibility were explained to you in
detail (see also `Al-Qaeda hid coded messages on porn websites' [5]).
Could you kindly publish this letter as a correction.
Yours Faithfully
Ross Anderson
Reader in Security Engineering
University of Cambridge
[1] [2] [3] [4] [5]

@_date: 2001-10-11 12:00:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: FBI grammar (was Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards 
In Latin maybe. But English has this nice thing with countable and
non-countable forms of nouns. "That data" and "those  data" mean subtly
different things. Like "Some bread" and "some breads".

@_date: 2001-10-12 10:29:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Feingold amendment 
As a mere Englishman, I'm not quite sure what "table" means in this
context. My guess is that it means "put it on the agenda", i.e. fix a
time to discuss it later, but that doesn't look right here, because you
are saying that the amendments were rejected. Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-12 11:56:46
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Is Bush Nuking Afghanistan Now? 
It is hard to imagine the USA going anywhere near nukes in this war. The
last thing any sane government would want is to lower the psychological
threshold against first use of nuclear weapons anywhere in the vicinity
of China or India. Even if Russia is on board.
There has been speculation about a possible future Islamist Pakistan
using nuclear weapons, and the US maybe trying to pre-empt that, but I
don't think that is likely either. If someone took over Pakistan & actually used their nukes against India,
I  suspect that the Indian military would roll over the country in 2
weeks flat. If not one week. India would probably have total support
from the US navy & airforce, & certainly from the British, if only
because the USA would desperately want to make sure that they got to
Islamabad before the Chinese did.  A month after the war you'd have a theoretically UN but in practice Indian  hegemony over what was left of
Pakistan. There would be  millions of Muslims expelled from Kashmir (& possibly
Gujarat and other provinces as well), and a supposed disarmament and
permanent occupation of the North-West Frontier districts probably
including the Panshir valley & parts of what would by then be
ex-Afghanistan as well. Chances are that the entire west of Pakistan and
the south of Afghanistan would have been hived off into an
semi-independent Baluchistan as a client state of Iran, which would
probably have retaken Herat while no-one was looking. Islamabad would be
all but dismantled and the rump of Pakistan ruled from Karachi, within
easy reach of the aircraft carriers.
Once upon a time that might have sparked off the 3rd world war with
Russia and the USA taking different sides in a war between India and
China. These days, I suspect they would all be in it together. A
Pakistan that had actually used its nuclear weapons would be  the 21st
century equivalent of Bolivia or Paraguay in the 19th.
And yes, it would be the final nail in the coffin of the Taliban and OBL
- but at the expense of hundreds of thousands dead, if not millions. And
no, it isn't worth it.
Those nuclear weapons are useful to Pakistan only as long as they
aren't  used (the military equivalent of the British monarchy if you
think about  it). As soon as they are used, because there aren't enough
of them to  destroy Pakistan's enemies - which in this case would be
India *and* China  *and*  Russia *and* Iran, none of which Pakistan
would have the slightest hope of beating - it would all be up for Pakistan as an independent country.  So what if you totally wiped out Delhi and Bombay. That just
means that the other 900 million Indians would be very, very, angry
indeed. And the rest of the world would be too shocked to stop them
fighting back, even if they wanted to. Pakistan's nukes are intended as
a deterrent against an Indian invasion. Once they are used, there is
nothing to stop such an invasion (if the Indians wanted to do it of
course, which right now they don't)
But the whole situation is, as diplomats used to say, delicate. For the
USA to use nukes first would possibly mess things up a lot.
Of course I am assuming that the rulers of the USA and India are sane.
Not very sane, but a little sane.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-12 11:37:26
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Bunker Buster 
If those figures are true (If I had a new weapon I wouldn't publish
exact details of its capabilities) then it achieves rather less
penetration than Barnes Wallis's tallboy bombs of 1944 (one of which
sank the Tirpitz).  If they use these things they'll surely  use them as simple deep
penetration bombs? The "nuclear" part of it, if any, will be the
depleted uranium inner casing, presumably a way of making it smaller.
Penetration of any bunker the Taliban are likely to have with such a
bomb will destroy it anyway, and putting a exploding nuke in will just
kill the sheep on the surrounding hillsides. We're not talking about
Cheyenne Mountain here. The old WW2 deep penetration bombs were huge things with fins, like a
cartoon bomb in a comic
The larger 1945 version of the Tallboy, called the Grand Slam,
supposedly penetrated over 7 metres of concrete when used in action -
but it did weigh ten tons & hit the ground at twice the speed of sound.
Apparently the shock of the impact did as much damage as the explosion,
causing structures to break up up to hundreds of metres away, literally
an "earthquake bomb".
Of course it is always possible that Dr. Strangelove is still in the
employ of the US military and that some insane looney  with a grudge
against sheep does want to use nukes. Sensible arguments about the
idiocy of developing new exploding nukes can be found all over the web -
the first google hit on B61-11 is  and worth reading.
FAS, as always, has heaps of stuff.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-18 08:56:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Kill Killfile 
I think I'm coming to believe the canard about Americans having no sense
of irony.  And even the one about New York and points East still being
more like Europe in some ways than it is like the USA south and west of
the Hudson.
Of course in JY's case it is sometimes irony that reads as if it has
been filtered through the fingers of one who has been to more than one
party since he last slept, and has read way too much art history and
cultural criticism.
A guide to you Pacific People. When us Atlantic People say something
with this little twitch in our voice (just listen - there - did you hear
it?) we mean the *exact* *opposite* of what we seem to be saying. And
when we use this sort of supercilious sneer (pay attention now, it is
very subtle) we mean both what we are apparently saying *and* its opposite, simultaneously, the two held in tension in an unstable melange
of fractal meaning.
It's a Good Life.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-16 11:28:43
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Kill Killfile 
Without taking sides in your little local dispute over there, surely the
better analogy would be an ox realising that his food comes from the
killers of cattle?
Fat systems programmer decides to refrain from half-a-dozen bad taste
jokes about anthrax, cattle & sheep. But points out that the news media
might have covered it better if someone had told them that anthrax is
endemic in the USA and millions of people may have been exposed to
enough to have antibodies. Also decides not to discuss the current
literature on viable but non-culturable ("VBNC") bacteria which
generally concludes that culture methods often don't give a very good
indication of contamination.  Googling for Rita Colwell and cholera
might be informative.
"How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm, now that they've seen NY?"

@_date: 2001-10-16 11:05:00
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Canada slaughters civil rights 
Maybe they are like those money-losing airlines that laid off people
they would have laid off anyway and blamed it on the attack. Except in
this case they are claiming they would have done it anyway, knowing that
everyone will suspect they are lying and therefore assume they wouldn't
have because they know that we know that they know that we know... Well, maybe not.
(Kudos to Ryan Air, the low-price Irish airline which cut its prices and
kept flying, in fact they have opened new routes. They had a 20%
increase in passengers the week after, while the likes of Swiss Air &
Sabena were stranding travellers in remote parts.)
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-17 13:20:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: ChefPunks 
I used to use them a lot. Great for beans et.c  And not as expensive as
a goode steamer :-)
Pressure cooker much faster to heat up. Also for large samples the water
adds heat to sample faster - food in an oven at 200 degrees is often not
much more than 100 inside while the outside is already roasting.
Personally I would quite like to keep microbiological samples separate
from my cooking equipment :-)
But oxygen is just the thing to be nasty to bacteria.  Hit them with
activated oxygen. Peroxide works wonders - kills all known bacteria
(yes, even spores) and doesn't permanently damage the environment :-)

@_date: 2001-10-19 18:56:10
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Expert Warns Coded Pictures Indicate Al Qaeda Planning 
Maybe the CIA will now open an Art Historical and Symbolical Branch to
examine the works of artists for evidence of dangerous thoughts.
GK Chesterton got it right back in 1908:
"The work of the philosophical policeman," replied the man in blue, "is
at once bolder and more subtle than that of the ordinary detective. The
ordinary detective goes to pot-houses to arrest thieves; we go to
artistic tea-parties to detect pessimists. The ordinary detective
discovers from a ledger or a diary that a crime has been committed. We
discover from a book of sonnets that a crime will be committed. We have
to trace the origin of those dreadful thoughts that drive men on at last
to intellectual fanaticism and intellectual crime. We were only just in
time to prevent the assassination at Hartlepool, and that was entirely
due to the fact that our Mr. Wilks (a smart young fellow) thoroughly
understood a triolet."
(From The Man who was Thursday, chapter 4, copied from Christian
Classics Ethereal Library at
The website at  claims that the
drawings were made between 1983 and 1989.  There are signatures and
dates visible on the pictures. Even the Koontz article claims that they
have existed at least since 1998. If this is true they can hardly have
been a signal to the hijackers to go into action.  At the most, evidence
of the artist's state of mind.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-19 17:51:46
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Expert Warns Coded Pictures Indicate Al Qaeda Planning 
I would be really, really impressed if Koontz had said all this *before*
the event. Afterwards? I hope he never publishes his theories on the
words of Bob Dylan.
Some hundreds of interpretations I guess. The world is full of art
historians and critics and cultural studies folk who can generate them
for as long as you like. We have a whole department of Art Historians
here at this very university. I bet they could find terrorist messages
in just about any painting you cared to mention, if you bought them
enough drinks.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-22 11:21:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
In general, no. But it happens now and again.  Governments certainly did
in (say) the old Soviet Union (until they changed tactic and starting
forcing them out of the city again).  And in wartime almost everybody
tries it. Some bits of the British Empire used "hut taxes" which were
never intended to raise significant revenue  to force self-sufficient
farmers into paid employment. (Also of course they hit harder on African
families, used to living in small compounds of separate huts each
equivalent to a room in a European house)
There have been plenty of situations where are worker is not free to
choose employment or to leave employment. Everything from outright
slavery to  various tricks with company stores and debt bondage. And if someone comes along with an army, conquers the country and says
"we own the land now, work for us or starve" most people will "choose"
not to starve. And if they then bring in pass cards and closed borders
and internal passports. most people will be unable to leave.  That was
true until very recently in many places: the old Soviet Union, apartheid
South Africa, parts of colonial south-east Asia, and  for Indians at
least in some parts of Central America. Would you want to bet that it is
no longer true anywhere?
It's trivial that free trade is better for poor people (usual
disclaimer: "on the whole, other things being equal, in the medium term"
- it is easy to invent a situation  in which some people, in some
circumstances, will be worse off permanently, or in which almost
everybody is worse of for a while. There are going to be losers as well
as winners).
But it is not trivial to assume that international fee trade, or free
trade between corporations, is always the same as freedom for
individuals. There can be "free" trade between slave-holding
corporations, like an old Soviet industrial enterprise trading with the
West. The bosses might be free, the slaves wouldn't.
Where local arrangements confiscate land and property and pass them into
the hands of states, or organised criminals, or corporations, or
individuals; then someone choosing to work rather than starve is not,
exactly, free. When the state makes the laws, and the state is
controlled by those who are already powerful, then the laws may be
written to suit the confiscators, and confiscation may be easily
disguised by legality. That can be as true for a plantation in a
"capitalist" country as for a collective farm in a "communist" one.

@_date: 2001-10-24 11:23:28
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
So we get either the Caves of Steel   or the Naked Sun?
I'd go for the former, being a city boy, but I guess T. May, H. Seaver &
D. Honig  might prefer the hyper-exurbia of the latter.  One step from
the Machine Stops - set not in the ultimate city but in the ultimate

@_date: 2001-10-25 12:28:20
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: [biofuel] VW presents new synthetic fuel strategy] 
Harmon Seaver posted:
In other words a cleaned-up version of the old Town Gas that provided
the original streetlighting for industrial cities in the C19 and used to
be made in the vast gasworks dotted around all over the place until
piped natural methane took over in the 1960s.
There's no news here (except for VW's stupid choice of brand name). We've always known we could replace petroleum and coal by agricultural
production, because oil and coal were themselves introduced as
replacements for the vegetable oils, whale oils, tallows,  alcohols and
charcoals that people used to burn before the oil industry got big in
the 1870s-1890s.
The reason we use mineral oils from the ground is that they are
If the price of a barrel of crude oil rises above somewhere between 30
and 60 dollars (depending on who you believe), then coal and  oilshale
become cheaper & we can switch to that. If the price of mineral fuels
rises above somewhere between 50 and 100 dollars per equivalent of a
barrel of oil, then using liquid fuel derived from agriculture becomes
cheaper. The only ways will will be using such fuels on a large scale in rich
countries in the near future is one of:
- we "run out of oil" a lot more spectacularly than looks likely now - or world regresses to impoverished autarkies with little trade between
them so industrialised countries with no oil have to make their own (cf.
South Africa in 1970s, or Germany during world wars)
- or governments tax oil so much that bio fuel is cheaper (in UK right
now industrial alcohol is cheaper than petrol because of tax - but
ordinary citizens aren't allowed to buy it in any quantity, and what we
can buy is also taxed)
- or global warming looks so bad that people are prepared to accept an
increase in their costs in order to avoid burning fossil fuel (and are
prepared to use legal or government or military constraints to prevent
others burning it as well)
Which do you prefer?
Ken Brown
Of course it always was cheaper to use agricultural product  as solid
fuel, if you were near the farm and if you had an application that can
handle it. Which is  why, for example, sugar refineries in poor tropical
countries get their heat from burning waste from the cane. And there are
a few green-minded small-scale projects that burn coppiced wood they
grow themselves.   But the distribution and handling complexity of
moving millions of tons of solid waste around make that too expensive
for large scale use. Same as the poultry farm my sister lives on can
save money by burning methane given off from  duck shit. But not many of
us share our homes with a quarter of a million ducks.

@_date: 2001-10-31 17:53:03
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Osama bin Laden as SF fan 
Ken McLeod posted the following to rec.arts.sf.fandom
Ken [the other one - not me ] added:
Ken Brown (thanks to John Dallman for showing me this on Cix)

@_date: 2001-11-28 17:08:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: "It's Proto-Indo-European for "money" " 
Just guessing for fun here, not looking them up  (My Oxford dictionary would tell me too quickly, as would any search engine, though maybe not
as authoritatively. I'll check them out in a day or two)
"Mark" is old word for borderlands. Sounds unlikely. Maybe it is related
to "market"?  I wonder if there is some word for "traveller" that is
behind "mark", "market", "merchant", or "march"?  A word for traveller
could come to mean a foreigner in one context & a pedlar or merchant in
another.  Stranger things have happened - one IE word, also meaning
traveller, lies behind both "guest" and "host" (in both senses) as well
as "hostile", "hospitable", "hospital", "hostel", & "hotel".   Or is it
"mark" as in sign or symbol, a coin "marked" with some token of the
issuers? And "marchen" (pardon my lack of umlaut) are folk tales.
(Travellers tales?).  "March" the month is the month of Mars (Ares),
associated with war - another possible link to borderlands but it sounds
too far-fetched, the old Germans had plenty of their own godlets without
importing Roman or Greek ones.
"Dollar" is "thaler" or "taler", German for "valley", and related to
English "dale". I half remember some story about silver  mined in
such-and-such a place being minted into Austrian coins called
thalers, later shortened to "taler" and used as such in north
America and the Caribbean.  Maybe there is a further connection to other
words implying low or things or states - dell, doldrums, dolour - I
think the resemblance between "dale" and "vale" is coincidence.
"crown" (AKA "krone", "kroner", "krona", "koruna") is  pretty obvious,
being coins stamped with a picture of a crown (presumably to show that
the king issued them) I've no idea of the earlier history of those
words. I guess that "crown" must be related to "corona". Perhaps it is
connected to "curve" or "circle" - no, that sounds far-fetched. It can
also mean the top of the head in English but that might just be a more
recent extension of meaning.
Many currency names originate as units of weight. Being British I think
of pounds and pence as money, so maybe "peso"/"peseta" were words for a
unit of weight, perhaps etymologically related to "pound" - that feels
more likely than a connection to "penny",  because there is a French
word for weight "pois", and Spanish is close to French.
A Florin is a coin stamped with a picture of a flower.  I think that was
the symbol of the city of Florence AKA Firenze, but the name has since
been used in Britain and Hungary ("Forint"). "Florin"  is recently
connected with "flower", "flourish" and so on & more distantly to
"bloom" I think.  Maybe a PIE root to do with blooming, flowing, flume,
or even flame????  Some idea of the sap rising in the spring & things
bursting to life?  German often has "f" or "pf" where we have "f" so maybe a connection to
"pflanzen" which has to be related to "plant" and I think distantly to
"clan" (via Celtic P<->K)  and maybe even "branch" and "clade" - the
idea of a tree? I think I need to go and lie down. And I mustn't even speculate about "penny", "pound", "lira", "lev", "lek", "lat" "dinar", "drachma",
"shekel", "sol",  "rouble", "rupee", anna, "dam", "s(c)hilling", "franc", "real", "rial", "riyal",  "escudo",  "afghani", and that
grotesque name for a currency, the "euro"? (Just saying that it is named
after Europe gets no points at all. Or even marks. Same goes for
"Afghani").  All (with 1 or 2 possible exceptions) good Indo-European
names. (I suspect "bolivar" isn't IE either). Not to mention the slang
terms - "bob", "quid", "nicker". You Americans have "buck" (no idea),
"quarter" (obvious but silly) and "dime" (? mispronounciation of
something to do with "decimal"?)
With luck, about a quarter of that bears some resemblance to truth. I
won't say I made it all up over a cup of tea in a break from work,
Ken Brown
Nuts! cypherpunks rejected the posting!

@_date: 2001-11-19 16:02:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Who Authorized This? 
Steve Schear posted:
Some of that might have been true of England in 1576. Much of it would
have been true of Spain in 1676. But if Mr. Sullivan really thinks  that
it is a reasonable description of Britain in 1776 then his idea of
history is so screwed there's no point in paying attention to him.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-15 14:03:45
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: FBI wants to believe in domestic terrorists. 
Oy! I wanted to be an infiltrator!  Are you saying that I have to be an
Ken (lefter than a left thing) Brown

@_date: 2001-11-01 10:06:30
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Transparency Spray? [was Transperancy Spray? ] 
Reese asked:
Quite wet, because the combustion adds water vapour to the air. It won't
be much good at physically wetting things, because the air is warm, but
the water vapour is there and being hot will be chemically quite active.
Hold a piece of cool glassware near a bunsen burner  or candle flame and
you will see lots of condensation. No, not *that* near...
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-02 16:12:55
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Is list up? 
Bad from to send tests to lists but no traffic here from either lne or
one of Choate's. ? problems in lists ?

@_date: 2001-11-16 11:22:22
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re:  Brothers in arms? (fwd) 
Jim Choate forwarded mail from  keyser-soze
Bacterial taxonomy is in a state of flux at the moment (that's an
understatement - trust me on this!). Lots of people don't think of  /Bacillus/ /anthracis/ as a separate
species at all - some taxonomists include it as a part of /B./ /cereus/
which is a very, very, common soil bacterium.  Bacteria have a sort of modular genome (*), they can sometimes snap-fit
bits of code in to do a set of related functions.  So there is, for
example, a  module, forms of which exist in many
not-very-closely related bacteria & which genetic engineers have
consistently and spectacularly failed to add to anything else.  There
are a great many   modules which move from
species to species quite freely. These "modules" are sometimes, but not
always, carried in plasmids which are bits of DNA separate from the
chromosome(s). (It is possible that some viruses may, in effect, be
descended from modules that "escaped")
related strains of a very polymorphic population that happen to have a
 module and an  module.  It is possible that
those "modules" could be passed to other species of bacteria, and
certain tyhat they can be removed from /Bacillus/ /anthracis/, which is
why you can get a non-virulent live form which can be used as a
vaccine.  (And why for some diseases a vaccine can be made from the
blood of a survivor).
If you have access to an academic library (or
 you could look at papers like: Ruiting Lan and Peter R. Reeves (2001) "When does a clone deserve a
name? A perspective on bacterial species based on population genetics"
(Trends in Microbiology, vol. 9 pp. 419-424, Sept 2001) Abstract: "Molecular population-genetic analysis has revealed that for
several human diseases, including tuberculosis, plague and shigellosis,
the generally accepted taxonomic status of the organisms involved does
not fit the usually accepted genus or species criteria. This raises the
question of what species concept to apply to bacteria. We suggest that
the species definition in bacteria should be based on analysis of
sequence variation in housekeeping genes, and also that the 'clone' be
given official status in bacterial nomenclature. This will allow
demotion of the species or genus status of several traditionally
recognized human pathogens, but retention of current names of anomalous
species and genera as clone names."
Ken Brown
(*) AFAIK I thought up that phrase and it is mine. But a simple Google
search shows dozens of other people thought of it too. Curses! Foiled
Again! And isn't the Science Citation Index wonderful?

@_date: 2001-11-16 11:29:01
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: [free-sklyarov] OT: [postmaster@eth.net: Mail Delivery 
And posted a failure message:
from wonderful Dishnet who don't seem to realise that .doc, .ppt and
.xls, being in effect executable code, *are* hazardous attachments.
Of course, I strongly support the removal of *all* attachments and the
limitation of all email to ASCII text, or just possibly EBCDC between
consenting mainframes in private. Eschew all attachments. You know it
makes sense.

@_date: 2001-11-19 19:50:47
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
A propaganda weapon doesn't have to work, it just has to present a
threat of working to people who may or may not understand how it is
meant to work. It doesn't have to be a credible military weapon. A
kamikaze airliner isn't a credible *military* weapon against anyone who
can afford artillery. That didn't stop them though.
The tall pipe that others mentioned would work well enough to scare
people - all you need to do is find a way of convincing others that
you've done it. One idea was to set one up in a tall block of flats. You
know the sort where there is a 6-inch gap between flights of stairs in
the stairwell, so if you stand at the top and look down you see right to
the basement. There are abandoned 19 or 20 story blocks in grotty
suburbs of London with stairwells like that, I bet the same is true of
most big cities. You only have to break in for a single day.  You set a
number of lumps of U one above the other in such a way that when a
higher one falls onto one below it will take it with it - maybe just tie
them to the railings with thread, and put some old metal plates in the
way to stop them bouncing out of the stack. Use lumps of lead for
The topmost one can be released by any simple mecahnism. You then assert
publically that when the top one is dropped they will all cascade down
and assemble a critical mass on the floor below.   Hey presto, one big
propaganda coup, one mass panic and evacuation of big city. The building
will probably still be standing after it goes off, or fails to, but who
will want to be first in?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-19 20:39:51
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
I don't know if there is. I'll have to think about it. Any train of
thought that involves a distinction betwen "seller" and "buyer" is
probably going up the wrong track. As is any that involves a distinction
between "cash" and "goods?" Yes, I suspect. So we can think of it as
barter, but digital barter, so moneychanging *is* a good model. It is
sufficient to prove that you can do anoynymous, safe, digital
money-changing. The full, hard,  question then is something like this:
Is there are protocol that allows moneychanging between different forms
of digital money that
1) allows complete anonymity to both partners to a transaction, and
2) provides strong defences against fraud to both parties, and
3) works well if one partner has much more to lose than the other (&
therefore for arbitrarily large amounts) and
4) works without a trusted 3rd party (broker, bank, court, police,
godfather, whatever), and
5) can be relied upon for a single transaction - in other words the
partners have no previous knowledge of each other, and
need never have a further relationship.
The protocol needs to be stateless between trades. (though not, of
course, within them).  Everyone comes to the table with no history and
leaves it with no requirement to return.
Several slightly weaker cases are of course trivially possible, if we
allow some pseudonymity, or assume that the transactions are small
enough that fraud will hurt neither party. It is trivially possible if there are repeated pseudnymous transactions,
and there is enough time for the parties to build up a reputation.
Requirement (4) need not be true if both parties are allowed to have a
pseudonymous relationship with a  3rd party, but that just gets us back
to banking, which is boring.
It is also easy if only one party is really worried about fraud.
Ordinary cash transactions for small amounts work like that already. The
shopkeeper doesn't care who I am or, really, if my cash is any good. If
I pass him a few dud coins he has lost a tiny part of his turnover.  I
do care that the goods I am buying are good though. So he has to
reassure me of his reliability not the other way round. Though they do
care if lots of people start to pass forged coins. If their turnover is
high enough they have an interest in the average quality of money, not
the quality of any one coin. The system only has to be good enough, not
perfect. Pseudonymous exchange can be achieved  by breaking trades down into
small increments none of which is significant enough to damage either
player. If I'm going to give you a thousand pounds for 1600 dollars we
could do it a dollar at a a time and just withdraw - but we know this
already so no point in thinking aloud along those lines Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-19 19:43:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk failures 
Much too 1990s. These times suit more loyal-sounding names. "Programmers
Rally Against Terrorism"?

@_date: 2001-11-19 21:37:34
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Nuclear Pipe Bombs 
Same here of course.
The only reason for mentioning it was that it is perhaps a  way people
who somehow got hold of the the fissile material, but otherwise had
access only to stuff you could pick up on the street,  could bodge
something together that that would scare others. I'd have no expectation
of a nuclear explosion from such a rig.  The only advantage is that it
is cheap and can be set up in a few hours and (perhaps) might make a
truly scary booby-trap. It might be even more effective if it didn't
have a timer. A few kilos of fissile uranium literally hanging by a
thread in a housing project would make the TV news worldwide. Back to Heinlein again...
Ken Brown
Shit. If the UK government passes this law they are proposing then this
email would probably count as illegal. And anonymous postings are often
so tedious.

@_date: 2001-11-21 13:40:49
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: The bookburning begins... 
They forgot about "evil drug pushers" as well. British government
started to downgrade criminal punishments for hemp within days of this
business starting. They always wanted to (why waste all those police
wages  picking up kids smoking joints?)  but never dared to because they
think they will lose votes if they look "soft on crime". Every British
govt. since  at least 1950s has talked louder than it has walked, most
ludicrously Thatcher's Tories who introduced scads of laws against
everything from dangerous dogs to playing loud music at parties, most of
which were never enforced at all. Anything for a headline in the
"Something Must Be Done" tabloid press.
Now there is a war on, and they can look hard by bombing Afghanistan. So
no need to pretend about hemp any more. They are even suggesting being
slightly softer on asylum seekers & illegal immigrants, a very
unexpected result.  Weird.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-27 13:13:32
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Cattle Herding... (was Re: in praise of gold) 
As far as I know people who use cows (or whatever) like this make it
work by running up all sorts of debts with each other. So it looks to
strangers as if they are being all nice and friendly and doing favours,
but of course A knows that B owes so many cows or goats or pots of beer
next time someone from village X marries someone from village Y,  while
B can call in at C's village any time they want and eat prawns, as long
as D has by then given some of those special beads made out of abalone
shell to F...  and so on. Great fun & entirely rendered obsolete by the
invention of double-entry book-keeping.
If our ancestors lived like that for a long while then maybe we are
evolved to remember those reputation tensors Tim mentioned. We all,
quite naturally, keep track of who owes what to who & whether they are
likely to pay up. So the tribe benefits from old folks who remember
exactly who brought what to which party years ago. Human beings as
natural book-keepers. It is a good a sociobiological Just So Story and
any other.
Of course we do stuff like that informally. My sister & her husband owe
me some money from when I helped them buy a car. But I,  quite
separately, owe him about twenty quid I borrowed to buy some beers - but
then he owes me a round or two next time we are in a pub - the debts
aren't commensurable (even though two of them are denominated in pounds
sterling). The "round" is a powerfully symbolic system of exchange and
reputation amongst British men (women sometimes join in, as do Irish &
Australians, though they don't *quite* get it).
As the Gikuyu proverb says "goats are not bananas".
Try searching the web for "Onka's big Moka" (you have to avoid
references to a band called Toploader that made an album with that
title) It was an all-time classic TV program about some guys in Papua
who had to successfully bring off a big party before the rainy season,
so that they could hand over loads of pigs to their rivals. Like a
potlach, with the added complication that, while you have the pigs, they
have to eat - pig-capital has negative interest rates.   But it wasn't
just pigs...

@_date: 2001-11-26 12:57:54
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
AFAIK the US case law is the "Texaco principle" (maybe that is what a
previous poster meant...) which allows you to make copies for personal
educational or research purposes, but not as part of a profession or
business. IIRC scientists at Texaco made copies of a chemistry journal
and the company lost a case when the publishers sued them. I think it is the case that the student is allowed, under "fair use" to
make one copy of a small part of a journal for their own education and
research. It is possible that the teacher is allowed to make copies &
give them to the students (though not to sell them). But it is almost
certainly not allowed for a company to make such a packet as part of its
business. (The law seems to imply that education is not a business or
profession, which I have no problem  with, though I guess many
cypherpunks might).
As ever, AINAL & if I was I wouldn't be an American one. (Though I was
working for Texaco at the time of the court case & I now work in a
(British) university where we have to deal with similar copyright law as
it exists here)
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-12-20 09:38:50
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Steal This Essay 1: Content Is a Pure Public Good 
Like, er, the posting was called "steal this essay" and he did. Obviously it is not true that all Americans lack a sense of irony. Jim
Choate maybe has no other.

@_date: 2001-12-07 18:35:55
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Masks to be illegal in U.K. 
Get your DMCA accepted as unconstutional then say that...

@_date: 2001-12-03 17:19:08
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Council of Europe Cybercrime Treaty 
Tracing route to members.ams.chello.nl [62.108.1.126]
over a maximum of 30 hops:
  1   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  193.61.22.245
  2   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  144.82.19.103
  3   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  144.82.255.17
  4    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  128.40.255.29
  5   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  128.40.20.190
  6    30 ms    20 ms    20 ms  ulcc-gsr.lmn.net.uk [194.83.101.5]
  7   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  london-bar1.ja.net [146.97.40.33]
  8   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  linx-gw.ja.net [128.86.1.249]
  9   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  LINXRT1.chello.com [195.66.224.89]
 10    30 ms    30 ms    20 ms  uk-lon-rc-02-pos-5-0.chellonetwork.com
 11    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  nl-ams-rc-01-pos-0-0.chellonetwork.com
 12    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  nl-ams-rd-01-pos-1-0.chellonetwork.com
 13    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  pos15-0.am00rt06.brain.upc.nl
 14    20 ms    30 ms    20 ms  srp10-0.am00rt02.brain.upc.nl
 15    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  srp0-0.am00rt03.brain.upc.nl
 16    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  gig3-0-0.h0rtr1.a2000.nl [62.108.0.82]
 17    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  members.ams.chello.nl [62.108.1.126]
Trace complete.

@_date: 2001-12-03 16:58:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Russian Party of Pensioners Manifesto 
You miss the point. James & many of the other Libertarians present are
aware past attempts at left anarchism.  But they think that  such
attempts will inevitably  develop into state socialist tyranny, or else collapse into a bloody war of all against all, or else  be defeated by
some other group that has already become a centralised tyranny. (In
Makhno's case all three happened, at least partly).
In other words they think that - to nick a Marxist term they probably
wouldn't use themselves - socialism has "contradictions", that you can't
have socialism without tyranny. From their point of view there is no
logical space for "libertarian socialism" or "socialist anarchism".
Someone who claims to be a socialist and yet opposed to state control
will, they think, be either a liar who will turn out to be a Statist in
the end, or someone who hasn't thought things through, who will turn out
to be a capitalist in the end.
I happen to think they are wrong. But stirring quotes from well-known
texts about the Russian revolution won't persuade them. The few who are at all interested will have read such stuff before and
already know the (very persuasive) arguments against it. (After all the
Russian revolution really did collapse into ten years of bloody war,
followed by 30 years of Stalinism, then another 30  of mind-numbingly
boring militarised dictatorship and petty cruelty from which anyone in
their right minds would have gladly escaped to America or western
Europe. They aren't making this up)
Of course most of the US libertarians neither know nor care about that
1920s stuff, and going on about it will just confirm their prejudices
about it. Americans tend to be well immunized against socialism - the
only way to get it past their mental blocks is to call it something else
:-)  It was still fun a few years ago when someone posted a chunk of the
Communist Manifesto with references to "the Bourgeoisie" changed to "the
Net" and quite a few of them took it as some recent anarcho-capitalist

@_date: 2001-12-03 14:27:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Viridian Note 00283:  Geeks and Spooks (fwd) 
Eugene Leitl forwarded:
[...big article snipped...]
Yee-hah! The most poly-on-topic post that has a appeared in cypherpunks
for a while. Read it early and often. Except for the nasty bit about the British near the bottom of course. We
are friendly people really. We couldn't help getting that empire you
know. All you guys just sat around not looking after your countries at
all properly and without anywhere near enough artillery or steam
engines, what did you expect? Trade or something? If it hadn't have been
us it would have been the Germans, or the French, or the Spanish, and we're *much* nicer than them.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-12-03 13:44:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Tim got it right here. The market value of anything is not a universally
agreed price, it is any price at which a buyer and a seller can agree to
do business.
All the discussion about certificates of speaking Navajo or whatever are
slightly beside the point. If personal reputation, as such, has a market
value it isn't the money you'd get by selling the reputation, because as
everyone else already pointed out, if you could sell it, it wouldn't
really be a reputation. The market value of a personal reputation is the
extra money you could get by selling something else, backed by that
That sort of reputation is used in real markets every day. I need to get
the hot water boiler in my flat fixed. I would be prepared to pay more
money to a plumber with whatever certificates of plumberhood plumbers
have than I would to someone I just happened to meet down the pub. I
might be happy to spend even more on someone who had done good work for
friends of mine. That sort of reputation has cash value.
It is even more important in pseudo-markets, like the ones in board
memberships of large corporations, or in public offices in the gift of
elected politicians. The kind of people who are called, in England, "The
Great and the Good" - an odd mixture of retired businessmen who have
made enough money, politicians who know they will never get to the top,
academics looking to increase their public profile, and the well-meaning
offspring of rich  and respectable families. Such people sit on
committees, and boards, and commissions, and inquiries, they run charities, and schools, and hospitals, and can make a career out of
nothing but reputation. Famous for not even being famous any more. Over
here in Britain we get them worse than  you Americans do do (though you
get them pretty bad, if the list of achievements of the board members of
a couple of US companies I have shares in is anything to go by) - we
have institutonalised it as the House of Lords. Yuck.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-12-04 12:51:08
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: More damage to liberty than I expected. 
Server hosting is now a boring, commodity business.   You needs some
marketing ploy to get mindshare from potential customers.
The kind of people who decide where their company's servers are to be
hosted are often the kind of people who used to make plastic models of
military hardware when they were kids. Who have coffee-table books about
planes with lots of pointy bits. Maybe even ones who read Bruce Sterling
novels. They also like to think that their data is Really Important.
Sealand or the Bunker ( are good PR,
regardless of the technical merits of their locations.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-12-06 15:34:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: CJ sent you a Yahoo! Greeting 
array zero-origin  error!
"Remember, remember the fifth of *November* " as the old rhyme goes.
Last night was the fifth of December.
And that "bonefire" site killed my browser.
Ken  Brown
Here's a full version as used at Lewes in Sussex (the only county where
Bonfire is properly celebrated!).  I guess when they bring in all their
silly new laws such verses will be illegal.
The Fifth of November,
Gunpowder treason and plot;
I see no reason
Why Gunpowder Treason
Should ever be forgot.
Guy Fawkes, Guy Fawkes,
'Twas his intent
To blow up the King and the Parliament;
Three score barrels of powder below
Poor old England to overthrow;
By God's providence he was catch'd
With a dark lantern and burning match.
Holler boys, holler, make the bells ring,
Holler boys holler, God Save the King! A penny loaf to feed the Pope,
A farthing O' cheese to choke him,
A pint of beer to rinse it down,
A faggot of sticks to burn him!
Burn him in a tub of tar,
Burn him like a blazing star.
Burn his body from his head.
Then we'll say old Pope is dead!
Hip, hip, Hooray!

@_date: 2002-01-23 12:15:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: OZ DoD missing 127 laptops. 
The British government lost nearly 1,500, including nearly 600 from the
MoD. As they are only about 1/10 of the civil service but they lost over
40% of the computers, I guess that shows that the Defence types are 4 or
5 times worse at security than all the rest.  In recent years at least two spies and a cabinet minister in Defence
have had laptops stolen:

@_date: 2002-01-07 16:46:36
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Decent Orwell Article. 
For those who haven't seen the page, the idea is that Blair chose the
date 1984 as the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Fabian Society
(British centre-left policy organisation dedicated to state socialism,
that once included HG Wells, Edith Nesbit, and George Bernard Shaw).  I
think that anyone who can get worked up about the Fabian Society is on
the verge of reds-under-the-beds paranoia. As Evil Conspiracies go it is
just a little bit public and a little bit wet. The  Iron Heel  is set in 1984, but that, in turn, might derive from
Chesterton's  The Napoleon of Notting Hill, also set in 1984.  It seems
to have been the traditional year of the future... OTOH Orwell said 1984
was just 1948 reversed & why not? (Do we believe Clarke about
HAL=IBM-1?) Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-01-07 16:03:20
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: contextual anonymity 
A few weeks ago I, and my daughter, went to stay with my brother for a
weekend. I left a radio on (not a self-conscious security measure, one
of them is usually on about 24 hours a day) and (don't ask why) the
telephone was off the hook.
On the Saturday some friends phoned from a nearby pub to see if I wanted
a drink. No answer. They got worried for some reason  and phoned the
phone company. They said that the phone was off the hook and they could
hear shouting. (The radio...) My friends got worried and went round to
my place. Couldn't get in. They called the police.
I turned up the next evening to find my door kicked in and boarded up,
and a note from the police.
Well, at least I now have a nice new door paid for by Her Majesty's
Government. And - seeing as my mates were there at the time - I now know
that police in London who want to break into someone's house don't
routinely go armed, and don't turn up in large numbers. Though they do
use a special "enforcer" tool that is meant to break a hole in the door
near the lock, but didn't in this case, and they ended up smashing the
whole thing up.  I once saw the fire brigade break in to the flat
upstairs - their special tools didn't work either, but one well-aimed
kick was enough to push the intact door and its frame out from the wall.
Irritating to the occupant who had installed a metal strip around the
door frame to prevent a break-in.

@_date: 2002-01-07 15:19:47
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: "Swiss bank in a box" 
Though as a matter of off-topic actual fact, no gold (maybe outside a
few labs that are trying hard) is likely to be pure enough not to be
traceable. As far as I know archaeologists & art historians (& I assume
police) have been matching gold artefacts to their sources for some time
now. Not as easy as copper (or oil - tax people like being able to trace
oil to wells) but doable.
Doesn't alter Tim's point that you can obscure the origins my mixing
gold from different places of course. Not, I imagine, something that
anyone actually ever does, but it would obviously work.
Googling for "gold isotope provenance" got me 911 hits. Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-01-07 17:10:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Fear and Trembling 
[...] Why "surprisingly"? Every UK administration since 1945 has been
America's poodle in foreign affairs and military matters.  [...] George III's rule on the American continent lasted longer than George
Washington's did. The present Queen is *still* the head of state of more
of the American continent than the president of the USA is
Ken Brown (I may be British but I'm not a bloody monarchist - though I
don't mind the royals as much in places like Canada & Australia as I do
here

@_date: 2002-01-07 16:51:38
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Snitches out themselves.Canarypunk stool pigeons,peter Trei 
I took a holiday from many things over the traditional 12 days of
Christmas, including cypherpunks and television. (Though my daughter
reminds me that we did watch a couple of hour's TV on New Year's Eve,
and for some reason she wanted me to watch a video of Forrest Gump on
Saturday). I got back to the email universe to find 440 cypherpunks postings from
mattd.  Much as I love Ozzy anarchists I wasn't tempted to read them.

@_date: 2002-01-08 14:15:57
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: "Shoe bomb" and "how to defeat spyware" 
implies
that triacetone triperoxide can be home-made, and has intriguing
reference to "ping pong balls dissolved in acetone". Interestingly,
despite scare stories, a simple google search doesn't turn up details on
how to make the stuff (neither does the Science Citation Index, which
might have been a better bet, though I imagine anyone with access to a
University library could get the information)
It also says that police in Quebec have orders to "withdraw immediately"
if  hydrogen peroxide, acetone and sulphuric acid are found in a
building, because it is used as a booby trap by illegal hemp growers.
Obvious cross-link to the other thread abut physical security here. IT
seems TATP is the chemical of choice for the sort of thing some posters
were thinking about.
And google has just told me that the husband of a colleague of mine has
published a paper on PETN - thousands of tons of which are apparently
manufactured every year and used in industry and medicine (it is a
vasodilator and cardioactive drug). So it might not be too difficult to
find that for sale.
So the argument that he wasn't acting alone boils down to "we think he
was too stupid to think it up" or else "we want you to think there are
lots of conspiracies so you give us lots of money to investigate them".
is the BBC report of an appeal by two Palestinians who are in jail in
London for (amongst other things) making bombs out of TATP in London in
1994, there is a website about the court case at:
Of course maybe the stuff really is hard to make & the Canadian police
are dealing with unusually sophisticated drug dealers and hemp growers.
I think Reid lived in South London, as do I. (he attended Brixton mosque
for a while). Of course there are no drug dealers or hemp growers in
South London. Really. Honestly. And the shop in my neighbourhood that
sells hydroponic kits is frequented only by little old ladies with
serious orchid collections.

@_date: 2002-01-09 11:50:07
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
The overpowering stench of snake oil pervades the ether
I particularly liked:
"The techniques described by ZeoSync would mark a break with the dozens
of existing compression technologies, including MPEG for video and music
and JPEG for pictures and graphics are able to compact data at
compression rates up to 10 times the original. These algorithms
typically work by eliminating long strings of identifiable bits of data
such as blue sky, green grass or the white background of a snow-covered
Which sounds like someone who doesn't know what they are talking about
being misreported by someone who doesn't understand (*)
"ZeoSync said its scientific team had succeeded on a small scale"
"The company's claims, which are yet to be demonstrated in any public
"ZeoSync, whose Web site can be located at  "Among the scientific team working with ZeoSync is Steve Smale, one of
America's most renowned mathematicians. Smale is an emeritus professor
at the University of California at Berkeley and the 1966 winner of the
Fields Prize, the Nobel Prize for researchers in this field. He could
not be reached for comment on his role in the project."
I bet. Ken Brown (*) clue for those who have too much of a life to bother with things
like file structures and encoding (though why would they be reading
cypherpunks?)  - JPEG is a lossy compression method that tries to recode
"real world" pictures  in a way that *looks* almost as good as the real
thing but takes up less space, by smoothing out gradual changes of
colour (and other stuff as well). It doesn't "typically work by
eliminating long strings of identifiable bits of data". And it doesn't
compress "up to 10 times", it compresses as much as you like, with a
trade-off between file size and image quality. MPEG, AFAIK, is similar.

@_date: 2002-01-09 11:12:32
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
No, it's a logical consequence of his definition of "random" & no more a
statement of belief than "1+1=2" is. If you use the word to mean
something else then it might or might not be true in your universe.

@_date: 2002-01-23 11:34:36
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: [FP] Transcript: AAMVA's InterNational ID Press Conference 
I have neither a driving licence (I don't drive) nor a credit card,
which made visiting the USA interesting. But I did have id because you
lot wouldn't have let me in without a passport. Does that not apply to
Mexicans any more? Or am I missing a subtext which implies that these
are illegal immigrants? (A category of person that I guess libertarians
and anarchists ought to be very much in favour of, as they are going
about their business with no licence from the State).
Ken Brown (Bike-riding British Christian Socialist - that makes me sound
almost like a Canadian...)

@_date: 2002-01-24 10:37:27
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Ecash fraud resolution 
In an /entirely/ online system, I'm not sure there is a real distinction
between sellers and buyers. One person sends another some stream of bits
that the other perceives to have a value.  The other sends a different
stream of bits.  It could be e-cash of some kind, or the password into
some system, or the text of Iain Banks's next novel, or a sequence of
pictures of a young Peruvian woman taking her clothes off, or a ripped
CD of Beta Band out-takes,   or a detailed map of on oil reservoir in
the Permian Basin of Texas.  The difference between barter and
cash-payment is lessened if markets can be cleared electronically all
but instantly.  And both "money" and "goods" can be part-transmitted and
Maybe, in general, the more kinds of money there "are" the less money is
distinct from goods. Of course it is different when physical goods change hands. (THe
difference between "physical" goods and the others isn't, of course,
that bitstreams aren't physical, but that their value lies only in their
information content. Other electrons would have done just as well. Or
the same message printed on paper. Especially if that message is "I
promise to pay the bearer on demand...")

@_date: 2002-01-24 10:37:02
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Ecash fraud resolution 
Absurdly enough, I had a dream about this last night. I was worrying
about assessment of reputation and I realised how it had to work. The
particular problem was the well-known one in evolutionary biology: how
does a female choose which male to allow to beget, and which to allow to
father,  her children.  Stuff about seahorses and anisogamous monoecious
reproduction (except in my dream I couldn't remember the word
Strange to say, after I woke up, I couldn't remember the answer :-)
How unusual. All I am left with is the trite insight that in human
beings (and I suspect any species with a decent memory in which males
play, or can play, a significant part in rearing offspring) assessment
of reputation is, if not hard-wired, pretty much universal. And the only
way it /can/ work is by assuming that he who can be trusted in small
things can be trusted in great. You tend to believe that someone who
lies and cheats about little things can't be trusted with big things. So
the most successful liar is someone who remains scrupulously honest
until the moment comes for lying. (So maybe you should never marry
anyone you haven't often played cards with!)  Not exactly
Ken An important point lots of people forget. The systems don't have to be
perfect, they just have to be good enough.
Another reason for quantum transactions, it limits the loss. (well, it
is the same reason of course, but looked at a different way) One of the
reasons I don't mind carrying 20 pound notes but I dislike 50 pound
notes (& if there was such a thing as a 500 pound note I wouldn't ever
use one) is that, although I don't like losing 20 pounds, it isn't going
to cause me much real grief.  500 pounds would be a bit of a blow.

@_date: 2002-01-25 13:05:11
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Thinking outside the box, deviously 
Trivially, because if the drill is wider than the sphere there will be
no part of the sphere left.
So the question can't be "about" that if it can be answered at all.

@_date: 2002-02-26 19:59:01
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Chinese Spam 
A good example of "altruistic punishment" as named by Ernst Fehr and
Simon Gachter in the paper in Nature a few weeks ago I think it was Choated to the list but I got bored searching the
archives for it - it was mentioned by John Young and someone else in
context of not feeding the koalas though. Obvious sum:
If spammers send M messages, hoping to get B benefit from each  sucker
who replies, and if a proportion S of recipients are suckers, and a
proportion, P, of recipients choose to punish,  and each punishment
causes D disbenefit then obviously if (SB < PD) spam won't pay.
As both S & B are usually negligible for spammers & D in this case if
very large, maybe we have the answer :-)
But it won't apply if spammers aren't rational actors (maybe like our
friendly neighbourhood bilby)
There are maybe other CP & crypto relevancies in that paper (although to
be honest I thought it was kind of obvious for Nature). Maybe more after
a seminar on it tomorrow.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-02-22 11:28:01
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: The Register - Terror talk stalks RSA Conference 
'The battlefield  security czar professed surprise at learning from the
comments that other armoured vehicles already exist, within military
agencies and even private companies. "What we discovered is that the
idea of having tough metal shells wrapped round a car or tractor... is
in fact an old idea," said Clarke. "There are already such vehicles out

@_date: 2002-02-21 11:48:01
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Doomsday Shutdown 
It's impossible to know "what really happened" because of the secrecy,
security, and straight plain lies surrounding the whole business. But since 1989 it has become increasingly obvious that at least a large
minority of officers on both sides never seriously intended to launch. Of course no-one can know how they might have behaved had they really
thought that the balloon was going up. But it as at least plausibly
claimed  (I can't put it more strongly than that because anyone who
really knows is almost by definition either a professional liar or
someone who was then and may still be in fear of their life)  that there
were times when the Russians thought they were being attacked and rocket
force officers chose not to escalate. Add to this the fact that the intelligence and security services of the
USSR and UK, and (we now know) the USA as well, were infiltrated at the
highest levels so that each sides spooks all knew what the other lot
were up to all the time.
And that the military & intelligence people were talking to each other
while their governments weren't (I found the idea that the CIA may have
saved the world (well, my bit of it at any rate) rather hard to believe.
The idea that they did it in co-operation with the KGB & that the person
they saved it from was the President of the USA made much more sense).
And that  (despite very successful US propaganda to the opposite effect
during the Reagan years)  the massive excess of US expenditure on arms
over Soviet really had very little to do with the collapse of the Soviet
Union, which was (we now know) on its last legs all through the 1970s
and 80s.
And that the real military problems the US faced for latter Cold War
years were nothing to do with the Soviets at all.
So all that wonderful "vocabulary" and "doctrine" that the Rand and
others came out with was all for nothing. Irrelevant to what was really
going on. But then the idea that warfare is about choosing the right
jargon was always a stupid one
But no-one who wasn't there will ever really know what really happened
to MAD. And as "there" is in fact hundreds of "theres", from the early
1970s to the late 1990s, political, military, and technical, and these
theres were keeping secrets from each other (and themselves), maybe
there is no one truth too know. No simple causes for complex effects.

@_date: 2002-02-21 11:24:36
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: List of political sf & fantasy books 
While I'm Choating the list: sf writer China Mieville (*)  posted a list
of sf and fantasy books "that every Socialist should read" at
  Even if you don't
care about books or politics check out the site and dig those
cheekbones. Interesting overlaps with the sort of stuff some of the right-wing
libertarians here might read.  I particularly liked:
"Ayn Rand -- Atlas Shrugged (1957) Know your enemy. This panoply of
portentous Nietzcheanism lite has had a huge influence on American SF.
Rand was an obsessive "objectivist" (libertarian pro-capitalist
individualist) whose hatred of socialism and any form of "collectivism"
is visible in this important an influential -- though vile and ponderous

@_date: 2002-02-11 15:02:04
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Letters on technology and Mediation. 
No it isn't.  It is exactly the same distance away, in a slightly
different direction. See below for long-winded off-topic wibble about
And uneducated know-nothing Yankees who don't know their own American
language should stop hiding their ignorance behind anonymisers... try
and Google for "whinge etymology". The first hits on the list are the
*American* Heritage Dictionary ( and
 then Hey, I Choate you some websites for US English:
 Ken Brown
Promised L-W O-T W:
US & English English are the same distance from Middle English as each
other (about 500 years, give or take a century or two). In sound values the dominant pronounciation in England is if anything
maybe a tiny bit further from Middle English than general US is.  We
both went through the Great Vowel Shift that changed the language from
Middle English, then the south of England did another vowel shift that
has only partly spread to the rest of Britain and some of North
America.  We adopted the "long a" in "father" and "bath" and "dance" (or
"ass" vs. "arse"), you still stick to the old "short a", just like the
northern English  do (though you are weakening - and for some reason you
say "paasta" for "pasta"). When you say "can" we hear "can" (well,
"kayun" if you are from New York or Texas) but when you say "can't" we
still hear "can" - because in the south of England the vowel has
changed, but the "t" on the end has been almost lost.
But then much more recently, some other vowel shifts started up in
America.  The New Englanders and the Canadians make "cot" sound the same
as "caught"  (or "cod"), but the British and most the rest of the
Americans don't.  When you say "dawn tomorrow" we hear "don tamarra". We think you say "Mom" instead of "Mum" because that is how you write
it, but actually you say "Mum" almost the same as we do (the vowel is a
bit longer), but you think that "o" is the proper letter for that sound
and we think it should be "u".   You mostly lost the glide in words like
"news" or "duke", so we hear you say ""nooz" and "dook", and you hear us
say "nyooz" and "jook". (And I remember an American who couldn't manage
to say pronounce East African words like "Nyeri") But some of you (in
the South anyway) still call Tuesday  "tyoozdai" like a Brit instead of
You often say "t" as if it was a "d", we often don't say it at all. Some of you still roll your "r"s the way they did in Middle English (and
still do in Scotland). In most of England we would need voice coaching
to get anywhere near that sound. In the south of England we hardly ay
"r" at all, rolled or not, the letter represents a vowel glide. And
those nice people in New England and Texas hardly use it either, neither
do most US blacks.  The name of my home town, Brighton, has one
consonant in it ("b") for people brought up in some parts of the city. When you say "water" we hear "warder". When we say "water" you hear
"waw-uh".   You still say "erb" (which sounds pretentious and
Frenchified to us) where we say "herb".
Syntax is pretty much the same in both, both kinds continue the
thousand-year march to simplification and loss of inflection, though
again British English perhaps goes a little bit further than US.  US
English usage is more influenced by modern German and/or Yiddish than
British is ("No way!") As far as vocabulary goes, it is six of one and half-a-dozen of the
other. US has retained some old words that Britain has almost lost (
"apartment", "apparel", "assignment", "attorney", "chore", "diaper",
"gotten", "hog", "in back of", "skillet"; were all buried in the past
over here before we began hearing them again on your TV shows. I mean
programmes.) but both have grabbed new ones from anywhere and
everywhere. You nicked more from German and Spanish than we did, we nicked more from French and various Asian languages; all for pretty
obvious reasons. But most of all we invent thousands of new ones every
year, and whichever side of the Atlantic they start on, they end up on
the other seconds later. So we get them confused with each other
"brunch", "gay" (for homosexual), "railroad", all sound American to
English ears but in fact they weren't.
There are differences of tone rather than meaning.  US newspaper
language often strikes Brits as old-fashioned, formal, and stilted but
then we have the Sun so you probably win that one. US TV language often
strikes Brits and slangy, colloquial, and cliched.  But the difference
is deliberate, nothing to do with dialect. Our TV can be as shallow as
yours  when it wants to be (Big Brother?). Your newspapers can be as
snide as ours when they want to be - we got your supermarket tabloids
years ago, and we're working on the New York Times.  Or rather the
Ozzies are. You will be assimilated to the Murdoch. Resistance is

@_date: 2002-02-06 12:37:10
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: spam attack on cpunks list 
Just anecdote (I'm not counting) but I think I've seem at least a
tripling of email spam in the last 2 months. An address I use mainly for
web browsing has had a huge increase. I suspect that a great many dodgy
sites are harvesting addresses and selling them to spammers. Also a lot
of the spam has gone rogue. There are programs on the Net that churn out
spam long after the originator has forgotten all about it. I've seen and
cleaned an old Solaris box that had been rootkitted 2 years earlier. I
have seen the future and it is mostly about getting sent junk mail by
Anyway,  cpunks is a bit of a spam magnet - the userid I receive SSZ & a
couple of other lists on is now the number one hit on the spam filters
here.   I think it is more about prats wanting to be k00L than any
conspiracy to disable discussions.
I'm not sure why, but, after I've filtered out obvious spam,  and also
messages from 3 or 4 frequent posters, (guess who), although the
quantity of real postings on cpunks has gone down the quality seems to
have gone up a bit.  Maybe it's just that some of the list members have
finally recovered from Sept 11/the dot-com bust/y2k or whatever
obsession gripped them.

@_date: 2002-02-08 17:03:24
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Letters on technology and Mediation. 
Ed Stone is right.  Whinge is perfectly normal English. At least it is over here in England.
I probably use the word almost every day. (people whinge a lot in
London. This week's pathetic whinge is about MMR vaccine. Prats.) Not
any kind of neologism. If I could be bothered to walk over to the next room I could find out
where it came from - no, I'll try Google - the *very* *first* hit is a
definition -  it is from  Middle English "whinsen", from Old English
"hwinsian" & has been around in the current spelling for 300 years at
least.  "Shite" is a bit rarer, but it is part of my use vocabulary (& for that
matter that  of my 12-year-old daughter). Basically another way of
pronouncing "shit", prevalent in the north of England, but in use all
over.  It is old too: "The verb shit started out in Old English as shite.  It probably
attained its current form by influence of shite's past participle, shitten. It goes back to the prot-Germanic root *skit-, which gave birth
to German scheissen, Dutch schijten, Swedish skita, and  Danish skide as
well.  *Skit- derives from the Indo-European root *skheid- "split,
divide, separate" (which also gave English schism  and schist).   The
sense here is of "separating" excrement from the body." Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-02-12 14:24:35
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Sheeple Land With Hands on Heads 
And yet, despite all this security, and despite all the surveillance,
the airlines are still about as secure as a paper bag.
Last week, at Manchester airport in the UK, some journalists walked onto
a plane with replica guns and fake bombs. No-one noticed. Yesterday, at Heathrow Airport near London, a couple of enterprising
young men drove off with 6.5 million dollars US in used notes that were
on their way from Bahrain to New York.
( It raises nagging questions like:
- why would a portable cargo of that value ever be in the sole charge of
one driver, completely out of sight of anyone ELSE (never mind the
security guards)
- why would anyone with enough state-licensed legitimacy to send the
money, send it in that form?  Why not just get the local bank to dispose
of the notes (I'm sure the US embassy would send a man with a gun round
to make sure they all got burned) and wire the money? Never mind the
Internet - these guys haven't even caught up with Morse yet. - why would anyone sending 6 million dollars not employ their own
security?  Unless of course they did, and they were watching all the
time, and the thieves are about to get a very nasty surprise when the
original owners turn up to collect the cash to put on the mantlepiece
next to their nice big insurance payouts. I imagine that the airport
staff are going to get visits from some extremely inquisitive loss

@_date: 2002-02-12 14:03:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Heavenly Weenies 
Right on.
No, but "Pax Vomitoria" might mean "The Silence of the Emergency Exits"

@_date: 2002-02-14 18:58:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Say a goodnight prayer for joshua. 
I thought the military were supposed to be "public servants".
Although the British government is now proposing a law to license
private mercenary companies. Really, really, truly.

@_date: 2002-02-14 19:06:31
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: "Stole their back"? 
Ken Brown auto-carps:
I meant, of course, "Some suburban areas".

@_date: 2002-02-14 18:55:37
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: "Stole their back"? 
"hack" doesn't mean cab. Once upon a time a hackney carriage was a kind
of cab, but that is the century before last.
But it said "locked outside a police station".
Bikes are just about the only thing anyone locks to anything in the
Has to be bike.
In a universe where Choate can consistently type "loose" for lose and
"responce" for "response" (Freudian, eh?) "back" for "bike" is
believable. Typos can be of the brain.
Back to the topic - to someone who doesn't care about their own privacy,
more cameras can be a rational policy. They don't prevent crime, they
move it. So you might rationally vote for more cameras in places you go
to, and not care about places you don't. The vast majority of these
cameras are privately owned, on shops and offices.  The ones run by
local councils or the police tend to be at busy town-centre locations,
frequented by many voters. Suburban areas are, and always have been,
more violent than city centres - depending on what you mean by suburban.
Many so-called "inner city" districts are in fact poor or badly-run

@_date: 2002-02-21 11:14:44
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
True enough, but the Germans were doing almost as well against
themselves, having attacked a great many US ships since 1939 and  sunk a
few, including at least one in US territorial waters. (Usual googles
quickly come up with sites like  and
there is stuff on the amazing  Also US forces (in the guise of military advisors to the Chinese,
"Flying Tigers" and so on) had been involved on a small scale in the war
against Japan for some years.
Pearl Harbo(u)r didn't get the US into the war - that was happening
anyway - it just made it trivial for the government to crush the
opposition to joining in. My googling around also came up with this
justification of US involvement by Roosevelt:
  (which is probably old
hat to you but not being a USAian I haven't seen such stuff of course) Some similarities (presumably not coincidental) to things said recently,
though  George Bush could do with some of those old speechwriters.

@_date: 2002-02-26 20:01:18
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Need To Know - several interesting items... 
If you did this on the South Bank you could sell it as conceptual
performance art.

@_date: 2002-03-20 09:48:00
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re:Meta-Meta-Meta-Meta ejaculation 
The jei address hasn't been used to spam CPx for some while now. It
looked like they stopped when asked to. Also there have been a
interesting & relevant messages on other lists since.

@_date: 2002-03-14 10:26:32
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Canadian govt to tax recordable media for RIAA, MPAA 
So we sort of swap. Next time any Brits go to North America we sort of
accidentally leave our CD players and have to buy new ones when we get
back. Don't *sell* them  of course, that would be *illegal* and
therefore *naughty*, never mind taunting the happy fun customs
officials. Next time any Americanadians turn up here they sort of
accidentally leave their pre-recorded CDs (still grossly overpriced in
UK - we can be charged 16 pounds  (over 25 dollars) for something that
sells for 12.99 dollars in the US - and its not tax, the difference
mostly goes to the record company).
Like the ancient Phoenicians leaving pretty cloths on the beach in
exchange for tin.
Ken

@_date: 2002-03-14 10:17:32
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: The Siege: Stranger than fiction 
It's what us Brits used to call a "punitive expedition" back in the old
Empire days. Except we didn't use to do them to our neighbours in the
next town. It goes along with "indirect rule". You appoint a local boss
to "keep order", but reserve the right to step in whenever something
goes wrong. In the old British Empire a "colony" - which was administered by Brits &
usually had both some local democracy and some white settlers - was a
legally and practically distinct entity from other kinds of dependent
territory. Most dependent territories, for example all of India & nearly
all of West Africa, were subject to indirect rule by local kings or
chiefs. When, as amongst the Igbo or the Agikuyu, there were no local
kings or chiefs, the British invented them and appointed their own,
replacing small-scale village societies or oligarchic city-states with
foreign ideas of monarchy.
When things are going well, it is a cheap way of keeping order in the
conquered territory & also means that you can keep your imperial
possessions well insulated from any homeland notions of democracy or
welfare. If anyone annoys you (say an "illegal" raid across the border that you
defined) you demand that the local boss suppress them. If he doesn't,
won't, or can't, you attack him. So he comes to seem as both a
collaborator and as impotent, so he can't act as a centre of resistance
to your rule.  And you send a commando, or a gunboat, or by the 1920s a
squadron of bombers, to punish the perpetrators. Anyone with a spare week could do worse than read "Frontiers" by Noel
Mostert, a huge history of the to-ing and fro-ing between the Cape
Colony (run by Brits) and the Eastern Cape ("indirect rule" by Xhosa
chiefs) in the 19th century.  The chiefs were in an impossible
situation, unable to either rule or retire, incapable of exerting any
authority over the land they supposedly ruled,  always afraid that their
own young men would stir up the Europeans who would come and drive them
out of yet another part of their land on some flimsy excuse, and
watching white settlers eat up the land.  Of course they weren't nice
guys themselves. Many of them were brutal, bloodthirsty, murderers.
Sometimes it is a qualification for the job. And oppression and slavery
don't make people into better people.
That was the war that brought the word "extermination" into common use.
What they meant by it was driving people out of their lands, over the
borders ("terminus" being end or limit in Latin). The Colonial borders
would be extended into Xhosa lands, white settlers would move in, at the
first sign of trouble a commando raid would be sent out to drive the
Africans across the border. The usual tactics would be to kill steal
cattle and to burn houses, and to destroy crops. The economic warfare
forced the Africans out of their lands - "extermination" in the original
sense - and into either crowded camps where they were dependent on
charity or else the lands of other African nations, as often as not
their enemies.  Many died, so "extermination" came to mean what we would
now call genocide.
Or read the novels of Chinua Achebe about the impossible positions
colonialism put people into. Or just do a web search for mention of Lord
Lugard. 	
Present Israeli government policy in Palestine is nothing to do with
either survival or religion. It is simple imperialism, a continuation of
the British Empire policy by a successor state. The main targets of the
policy are not really the Palestinians -  they think they will get rid
of them over a generation or two by extending the settlements and
squeezing the Arabs economically - but the Israeli left and perhaps
foreigners who might support Israel but wouldn't go as far as the
extermination of the Palestinians. I'm not saying Sharon and his friends
want suicide bombs and terror in the streets. Or even that they want to
kill Arab children. But they think they will never be safe while there
are Arabs living amongst them. They know that most Israelis, most Jews,
and most Europeans and Americans who think of themselves as friends of
Israel cannot stomach that. So Sharon's government deliberately provokes
bloodshed. To them the bombings and the shellings and the murders are a
price worth paying to bring their Israeli and Jewish opponents to a
"realistic" and "practical" position.
And Dick Cheney turns up in Jordan in the middle of this and what does
he talk about? Nuke Iraq! No wonder so many Arabs hate us. No wonder so
many Muslims think there is a war between "the West" (whatever that is)
and Islam. If you live there it bloody well looks like that.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-03-06 12:50:44
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Don't panic the New Yorker sheeple, glowing soon 
It is a very good film. It won an Oscar for best documentary (which is
odd, seeing as it is fiction). Of course it is very precisely targeted
against Kahn and his views (there is a parody of him in it) and intended
to stress the uselessness of "civil defence" in a large-scale nuclear
It was in fact finally shown on the BBC at least once - I saw it - but many years later.
Useful accounts of it at:

@_date: 2002-03-07 11:51:10
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: The living _won't_ envy the dead 
That's the point - you as a nation (the USA) might well have been able
to prepare for it.  Over here in Britain, the only way I could be more
than 30 miles from a probable target is to emigrate. There is only one
county in England which had (then) no active military base (Sussex -
though it did have some admin for the Royal Engineers & it does have the
HQ of the Military Police. Not, I suspect a likely ICBM target)
Rochester, where The War Game is set, is just south-east of London. It's
about 20 miles downwind of a major international airport (Gatwick), less
than 15 miles from a serious army base at Woolwich, not far from oil
refineries, power stations & chemical works (not necessarily targets,
but things you don't want to be near downwind of when they are blowing
up) right next door to a naval dockyard (Chatham, since closed down),
and at a transport choke point where road and rail bridges cross the
river Medway. If not a target itself it is within walking distance of 2
or 3.
Of course Tim would just say "don't live in Rochester".
Support for civil defence mostly evaporated in Britain in the 1960s
after the Russians converted to ICBMs. The left tended to regard it as a
government excuse to increase social control and erode liberties;  and
the right saw it as a waste of money - because it would always be
cheaper for the Russians to build more missiles than it would for us to
defend ourselves from them. Also there was the idea that  spending
enough on CD to survive an enemy strike breaks up MAD, so if the enemy
think you are going to do it it pays them to first strike (that is if
they ever had any serious intent to nuke you in the first place which we
now know the Russians never did). So spending less on CD was thought of
as making a war less likely.
Things are different if you are thinking about *limited* nuclear war
rather than MAD. Which is why old lefties like me who would have opposed
CD in the 60s & 70s (mostly on civil liberties grounds) would now be
rather in favour of it under the current conditions. A Britain targetted
by 50 or 100 warheads is going to be Airstrip One. A Britain in which a
single suitcase bomb goes off somewhere, or in which a few nutters from
Iowa start throwing bugs around, is a place in which individual
precautions might make sense.
As it is I'm right in the centre of London right now with something like
a dozen serious biomedical labs within 2 blocks of me. The nearest one
with live human pathogens being 2 metres from my backside as I write, So
if even a small bomb goes off in this street I start going upwind as
fast as I can.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-03-07 10:47:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Psyops: Every Barbie doll is more harmful than an American 
The psy-op is that the story plants in the heads of Americans the idea
that Iranian kids *can* buy Barbie dolls. Corollaries being that Persian
people are "just like us" and that the country is open to foreign trade
and cultural influence.  An antidote to what (over here) we perceive as
US ignorance of Iran - if all you get to hear is Bush & govt.
spokescreatures you get the idea that all USans think Iran is a
totalitarian anti-women anti-semitic dictatorship al la the Taliban
Expect to see more news items that mention the democratically elected
Jewish and Armenian members of the Iranian Parliament, and well-dressed,
well-paid, well-educated women running businesses in Teheran.
The most effective propaganda is the truth - especially if you get to
choose which part of the truth is told.

@_date: 2002-03-20 09:41:06
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: More lies from Jimbo 
[...stuff about Jim Choate snipped...]
Just confirms my feeling that most of the Americans here wouldn't
recognise a socialist or a communist if one bit them.  Maybe there is
something in your early upbringing that makes you invincibly ignorant to
the necessary concepts. Or are you using the word "socialist" here just
as a contentless term of abuse (as Jim does)?
If their postings bear any resemblance to the mentality of a human being
(& in Matt's case I sometimes suspect a clever Markov chain text
generator - or did when I used to read them) then Ozzy Matt is a
socialist, Texan Jim is /not/.  They might both be looneys (though I
suspect Jim isn't), might both be grumpy, pissed-off, curmudgeons
determined to post crap to the list for as long as people tell them not
to because they think it is a sign of weakness to do what you are told,
but Jim at least is not yet a socialist. Anyway, political opinion seems
orthogonal to sanity.
And I still think that his continual misspellings are Freudian slips.
Well, I do when I'm in a bad mood about all the stupid links. Actually
I'm not right now because filtering  them out reduced one of my inboxes
from 118 to 18 posts, which feels as if something has been achieved :-)

@_date: 2002-04-30 13:39:35
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: haos -- from MathWorld 
Er, yes, it is a great site. It even has a definition of mathematical
"A dynamical system is chaotic if it 1. Has a dense collection of points with periodic orbits, 2. Is sensitive to the initial condition of the system (so that
initially nearby points can evolve quickly into very            different states), and
3. Is topologically transitive. Chaotic systems exhibit irregular, unpredictable behavior (the butterfly
effect). The boundary between linear and chaotic   behavior is often
characterized by period doubling, followed by quadrupling, etc.,
although other routes to chaos are also
And this implies that "chaotic" means the same as "stochastic"????
One of the reasons I don't like the word "chaotic" is that it misleads
people into thinking it is the same as random, or as stochastic.

@_date: 2002-04-30 11:52:17
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Upcoming workshop on category theory and concurrency 
Not security, bandwidth. Millions of people can address me through
email, and hundreds do, every day.  Not enough time to read, so heaps is
skipped. In an ordinary day I doubt if as many as 5 strangers come up to
me and talk to me face to face, without me having approached them first,
and I live in a big city.  Also body language & stuff.

@_date: 2002-04-30 11:09:06
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: BBC2 to recreate Stanford Prison Experiment 
A quick walk round South London would show that a very large number of
men (including myself) shave their heads anyway - probably not as many
as 5 years ago, when it was almost normal, but a significant minority.

@_date: 2002-04-23 10:10:54
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Dead cowboys wage peace on the Internet 
Hereinunder attached is vauely on-topic, though spins some
unneccessarily self-important new jargon.  They don't quite seem to get
that TCPIP is fundamentally P2P from the bits up. I like the phrase
"disruptive compliance". The Net has a passive-aggressive personality?
Ken

@_date: 2002-04-10 12:09:34
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: all about transferable off-line ecash (Re: Brands off-line 
Over here most people seem to prefer coins these days. Low-value notes
have a cheap-and-nasty feel to them. They get all furry.

@_date: 2002-04-09 12:23:15
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: IMF/IRS/US, The truth must come out eventually... 
Yes. Whoever wrote this is a timewasting looney. Any other comments?
[... 38 paragraphs of pathetic nonsense snipped ...]

@_date: 2002-04-12 11:13:58
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Coins vs. bills 
As off-topic as an off-topic thing - but the bibliography of Ellison
anthologies is a deep topic, that raises hackles, and even law suits, in
some places. Try a google for "Last Deadloss Visions" by Chris Priest (I
bought my copy from the author though).
Ellison is also famous, or notorious, for reprinting slightly different
selections from the same couple of dozen stories (brilliant stories
though they are). Sometimes the same selection has different names in
different countries, sometimes (even worse) books with the same title
have different contents.  Or rather his publishers are notorious for it,
I have no idea how much input Ellison has in to the exact content of
foreign publications of his work, probably very little.
The 2 DVs were the same on both sides AFAIR, and anyway I bought the US
printings. Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-04-12 11:12:11
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Coins vs. bills 
I suspect the contemporary US equivalent is Britney Spears :-(
Alice Sheldon was better known as "James Tiptree Junior" and if you
haven't read any of her short stories you have a treat in store. Well,
"treat" is perhaps the wrong word for something quite so strong. Sex,
death, and rockets.  The sort of sf that makes you feel the star-winds
in your hair.

@_date: 2002-04-11 20:00:07
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Coins vs. bills 
what you said is all true but the benefit (as you pointed out) is
primarily to the retailer, not the shopper. All this doesn't apply to
higher-value transactions of course.
I think I stopped putting coins in phone booths on the street about when
I started carrying a mobile, which was late 1999 IIRC :-) Later than
most. These days, just about wherever I am, even if I don't have a
mobile, someone else does. Phone booths are on their way out for anyone
who has either a job or friends. As you say, they are mostly card-only now - used to be specialised
phonecards (I've used UK ones in Greece and Germany so they aren't
*that* specialised) now they accept normal bank-issued credit and debit
cards.  I guess the changeover began in the 1980s & was more or less
finished by mid-1990s. Some shops and bars have coin-operated ones.
I get more trouble with buying train & bus tickets. The machines try to
accept notes but almost all fail. They are the main reason I like the
new higher-value coins (though of course they are nothing like the value
of the pre-C20-inflation guineas and sovereigns my great-grand-parents
probably weren't wealthy enough to see many of)
This fits in with the thread about deployment problems. For these
low-price transactions buyers prefer cash. Monopoly retailers (as phone
booths were 20 years ago and railway trains of course almost always are)
can dictate how they wish to be paid.  If a PTT wanted you to use their
own cards, you had to. Competitive retailers have to get the buyers on
Must be, seeing as "Harlequin" was published in Galaxy magazine, then
reprinted in Ellison's  "Paingod and other Delusions", not in DV which
was an original-story-only anthology that came out a year or two later
Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-04-11 11:24:30
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Coins vs. bills 
For some reason the mention of a "Susan B Anthony" dollar stuck in my
brain as an "Alice B Sheldon" dollar. Susan Anthony is a person who I've
never heard of. I'm almost tempted not to find out who she is or was to
preserve a nugget of delicious cognitive dissonance. A world in which
governments put Alice Sheldon on the currency would be an interestingly
different world from the one we seem to be inhabiting. Because symbols work better when they bear certain kinds of resemblance
to what they are symbolising? Human brains are hard-wired that way.
Plastic money doesn't twang the right neural circuits. Who would care
for non-alcoholic communion wine?
Anyway, no-one has yet come up with a convincing reason for me to want
to carry any kind of electronic wallet for small transactions. Anything
under, say, 50 dollars American, is more easily done in physical cash
money.   If nothing else the irritation that you'd go through when you
lose one and have to get another makes it not worth it. If I lose coins
I lose the value of the coin and nothing else.  If I lose a bank  card
it ruins my day.  Even if the card was only good for 50 quid I still
have to jump through hoops to get a new one.
Obviously smart cash might make sense as public transport tickets, or as
a prepaid hotel bill (to hotel owners at any rate), and smart-card
applications for these things have been developing for decades. (We
certainly were issued with something like them at the hotel for the 1989
Eastercon in UK - which I only remember because it was the last I went
to for some years, they might have been around much earlier)  But in
general street use - why bother? Even if these putative electronic
wallets were as easy to get hold of as cash (walk up to a machine any
time of day or night, stick in some id, type in PIN, walk off) you might
as well just use cash. I suppose they could be of benefit to the operators of ATMs. The one at
the all-night filling station round the corner from me seems to be have
someone using it every ten minutes or so in the late evening. So, at a
wild guess, the stock level might be between 5 and 10 thousand pounds.
That's getting towards where it might pay someone to use heavy machinery
to get it out of the wall.  Even if it splurts itself with ink (there
are a lot of stupid criminals out there) that is still very inconvenient
for the building owners.
But there's nothing in it for the user. An initially valueless smart
wallet might be less attractive to muggers, but they just have to wait
for you to activate it. Or point a knife at you till you do. And the
more faffing about you need to do (PIN, setting authorisation limits,
pointing the thing at the reader) the more old-fashioned cash would seem
Now, using a mobile phone as money might sell. People seem determined to
use them for everything else. If there was a way of transferring prepay
directly between SIMs it would be used by teenagers (and drug dealers)
to settle small debts. Maybe they already are and I haven't noticed.
Ken Brown
And her smoke goes up for ever:

@_date: 2002-04-17 10:16:48
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: [303] If you're sick of crypto talk don't read this (fwd) 
Wouldn't ordinary flame be just as easy to do, slightly safer, and far
more satisfying to the user?
My own guess (worth no more than anyone else's, seeing as the spooks
don't even always talk to each other and certainly not to me) is that
government security agencies don't really worry about general use of PK
crypto that much. They probably reckon that operational difficulties for
decentralised users will always give them the edge. A bit of
infiltration here, a large wodge of  traffic analysis there, toss in
some /agents/ /provocateurs/ and serious  disinformation, and with any
luck you won't have to use that rubber hose. It might be a problem for
domestic police agencies, but they don't make government policy the way
the military can in many countries.
The real problems that crypto in the hands of citizens give to being
government are commercial and financial rather than directly military -
copyright in the medium term, the potential privatisation of money in
the long term. But them we all already knew that because we've been
blabbering about on cypherpunxs for Lo! these many years.
Ken Brown
BY the way, did any of you anti-statists out there notice that the whole
Netherlands government just resigned? They admitted they got the
intervention in Bosnia wrong (either they should have sent in sufficient
force or else they shouldn't have pretended that they could do any
good). They apologised, and left. Some other governments should emulate

@_date: 2002-04-25 17:40:03
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
Possibly confusion between 2 common English meanings of "repeat".
(1) repeatable, so if someone else runs the same algorithm on similar
hardware with the same initial conditions they get the same results,
which a program to calculate pi will be.
(2) repetitive, so that if you run the algorithim for long enough a
given sequence comes round again. Which pi isn't.
Of course of pi will have "repeats", in the trivial sense that any given
sequence will many times in a sufficiently long enough rendition. But
there is no cycle there, just randomness. The decimal digits "12" will
occur many times, and "123" will occur rather fewer times, and so on,
but it is not repetitive in this sense because seeing "1" followed by
"2" gives you no clue that "3" comes next. And seeing
"9863770323499906322" gives you no clue that next time you see "986377032349990632"  you will get "2" next.  (I think - I make no
pretence to know much about maths)

@_date: 2002-04-23 18:18:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
For no other reason than namedropping I want to point out that Bohm
worked out much of this theory in the building I'm in now - Birkbeck
College gave him a job after he'd been more or less forced out of the
USA by HUAAC.  I exchanged a few words with one of his ex-collaborators
(in the theory, not the Party) in the lift (elevator) a couple of hours
ago. About the soup, not about physics. I can't claim to understand the
As far as I know (not far, because I can only follow the English
descriptions, not the maths) Bohm's "hidden variables" never claimed to
make the universe predictable, even if deterministic. What they were
after is trying to find some way of describing what they thought was
really going on, instead of what we can observe. (& what they thought
was really going on seems to end up at God, more or less). And one of
the criticisms of it was that even if it were true (some claimed) it
would be impossible to tell experimentally from non-hidden-variable
descriptions. Which might come to the same thing as saying ">
Operationally, all interpretations give the same results" (I tend to be
wary of sentences that start with the word "operationally")
Back nearer to on-topic, Tim's explanation why the world could not be
predicted even if it were locally (microscopically) predictable sounds
spot-on. I may not know much about physics but I know enough about
biology, and the mathematical modelling of biology,  to see how big the
numbers get and how quickly. In a billiard-ball universe we couldn't
predict the exact behaviour of a medium-sized protein molecule, never
mind a whole cell. The world is too complex and detailed to predict. We
hit the combinatorial explosion almost as soon as we set out. I'm
working on some individually-based models of some stylised biochemical
pathways in model microorganisms. The simplest inquiries smash into
impossible numbers at resolutions many orders of magnitude above
anything that quantum considerations are relevant to.

@_date: 2002-04-25 17:26:46
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Quantum mechanics, England, and Topos Theory 
Actually as the cycle time for the sheep population  & the cycle time
for the grass are not the same or multiples of each other, what you get
from a deterministic continuously variable model is wild oscillations of
sheep and grass populations that make it nigh on impossible to predict
the sheep population at any given time in the future. Things get more
steady if you introduce predators that eat the sheep, but never
completely predictable in the long run. The only way to know how the
model system would stand at any time in the future beyond the typical
cycle time is to do the sums. And there is no guarantee that the real
world analogue of the model would be in a similar state at that time.
One of the classic examples of what is now called "chaos" (a word that I
don't like in this context). The exact trajectory taken by simple models
of predator-prey systems is often very sensitively dependent on initial
conditions.  Of course in real life these things are stochastic anyway
so the variables in your model should actually be probability
distributions, which makes the sums much harder and leads to
considerable handwaving. Known about since the 1920s, pretty exhaustively described by Robert
May, John Maynard-Smith & others in the 1970s, but still argued about
today. Whether or not more complex systems (more species, more levels of
predation, more kinds of resource) are more "stable" is still a moot
point, opinions tending to depend (sensitively) on what the opinionated
one actually means by "stable". And on whether they have a background in
maths, or physical sciences, or molecular biology, or real biology.
This kind of thing has implications for economics & technology & markets
of course (cf Santa Fe, ad infinitum).  People who think like ecologists
tend to assume that a more complex market, with more participants, and
more kinds of interaction between them, will be in the long run more
"stable" - perhaps because that is what they think they see in nature. People who think like engineers may disagree and talk of excessive
market volatility, and the dangers of new forms of trading & so on, and
they need for regulation, looking for a few global variables to track
and control. Apologies for off-topicness, but this is probably the only subject
that's come up here about which I suspect I'm better read than the list
in general.  I'm working towards a doctorate in which I intend to argue
(in effect) that for many kinds of investigation (such as the
relationship between complexity and stability of the whole system) you
do need to know about the fates  of the individual sheep. (Or, in my
case, imaginary protobacteria,  to  keep it simple :-)
I suspect they probably won't, not unless you spend a lot more time in
the lift than is healthy for you. Whiffs  will be whisked about
chaotically, some being lost every time the door is opened or anyone
walks around. So some poor guy on the 3rd floor will get a noseful, but
someone else standing next to him might miss out entirely.

@_date: 2002-04-29 13:43:49
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Europe 
Well, he's not quite as bad as S****r A&&&c used to be.
He indeed means  Dr. L**** G***** a long-time reader of, and spasmodic
contributor to, the UKcrypto & Cyber-rights-UK mailing lists. Has
recently been the main troll in sidelining a thread on something I've
forgotten about into a rehash of censorship/anti-censorship arguments. He makes anti-Choatian category errors -  sort of "I understand physics
therefore I understand ethics|law|politics|society - delete as
appropriate". The main one being that he really seems to think that if
something is against the law then it shouldn't happen, and that it can
be prevented. Ah, I remember - the thread was about Deutsche Bahn suing
ISPs who allowed links to websites purporting to contain instructions
for disabling German railways.
"Lawyers" will do. "Barristers" are professional advocates, lawyers who
plead in court. Very unlikely to be writing cease-and-desist letters. In
England retail lawyers are "solicitors". I don't think you get freelance IRA guys. Not with both kneecaps,
L****** G******* is a nice man. He wrote that the Cult of the Dead Cow
were a "bunch of barely literate mindless American teenage delinquents".
If they lived in England they could possibly sue him for that :-)

@_date: 2002-04-30 11:57:02
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Got carried away... 
I think I'll stick to my bicycle.
Why would anyone would want to waste their money on a car like that? Or
even trust their body to it?  I suppose insurance companies might have
an interest in limiting use of a car to people who were paid-up. An even
if cars were "like little tanks" why not open them with ordinary
physical keys, like real tanks? At least if someone nicks your keys they
leave your body behind. I want to use my retinas for seeing with.

@_date: 2002-04-30 11:50:51
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: which tends to extreme early specialisation, 
Same as what? "Stochastic" certainly doesn't mean the same thing as
"chaotic" in this context, so I assume you didn't mean that.
What I meant was that many biologists, even people who teach biology,
don't have the maths to describe the  models in detail.   So the books
and lectures tend to handwaving. The mutual incomprehension between
maths & biology can get extreme at times.
And even if they did their students, or the readers of their books,
certainly don't. I have been present at a practical class when a student
complained to the lecturer that he had promised that there would be "no
mathematics" on this course. She was moaning about something simple to
do with exponentials - the sort of algebra they tried to teach us at the
age of 12 or 13. From the lecturer's point of view it *wasn't*
mathematics, it was just general knowledge, the sort of thing he'd
expect any reasonably educated person to know about, or at least able to
pick up quickly.  As the course was about (amongst other things) enzyme
reaction kinetics it is a bit hard to understand how anyone could
imagine getting though it without at least that level of maths.
Possibly a worse problem in UK education than in most other countries. We encourage extreme early specialisation. In our schools you can drop
mathematics at 15 or 16 if you want, even if you later go on to study
science subjects at university. Well, you'd have trouble getting on to a
physics or engineering course, but you could do biology.  The most
advanced maths I did in what you would call high school was very
introductory calculus - simple differentiation mostly. Also  the
briefest introduction to integration. We weren't expected to be able to
do it, just know what it was, only a couple of hour's teaching. And that
was an /optional/ course, I could have got away without it. Not a
mention of matrices, nothing even approaching statistics, probability, number theory, none of what they then called "modern maths" (anything
which mentioned sets or topology), no algebra more advanced than the
quadratic equation formula (which we were expected to be able to use,
but not derive or prove).  And I was someone on a science track
(Biology, Chemistry, Physics) at a selective school that specialised in
science. My undergraduate courses included pick-ups on statistics and
probability, without which it would be impossible to take Biology, but
that was all.
Then these biologists who are semi-literate in maths become graduate
students and, need to do some modelling, and meet up with mathematicians
or physicists who may not have studied any biology since the age of 13. Of course all these folk did science at school - they probably have
never had any serious language or history teaching at all. It is
compulsory in British schools to do at least one modern language,
usually French for some reason, but only between the ages of 12 and 16,
and it is usually badly taught. In my experience most people who go on
to do science simply fail the class - they make you go to it, but you
don't have to pass to get onto other courses. There is no requirement to
"graduate" in classes you don't intend to continue with, so loads of
kids don't.
The same works the other way even more strongly. Most people studying
arts or humanities at university will never have passed a science exam
or maths exam in their lives,  and will have dropped or failed most of
the subjects *before* GCSE. I think the US equivalent to that would be
leaving a junior high school to go to a senior high school.  They are
exams you take at 15 or 16, and most of the brighter kids only attempt
the ones that they intend to continue later.
Of course the other side of the coin is that what we call "6th form"
education, 16-18, is, in sciences at any rate, the equivalent of the
first year of University in other countries.  So the system is good at
producing very knowledgeable people, very young. One of the reasons that
British research is significantly more productive than French or German.
By the time the French or German advanced student catches up with their
British counterpart in knowledge of their specialised subject they are
probably in their late 20s.
I didn't intend to write this rant... don't get me onto school sport

@_date: 2002-05-07 11:58:31
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Jim Darling 
The act of moderation to end all acts of moderation?

@_date: 2002-05-13 12:12:02
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
Er, I hit "send" prematurely, and I meant to go on to say that I have
often used 1 or 200 UKP in folding money - it is easy to do with
universal availability of ATMs. If anything I use more cash than I did
15 years ago because it is so simple to get hold of. And saves the
bother of waiting while they go online to validate the credit card if
the latest series of Buffy on video exceeds the floor limit at the shop.
Of course that doesn't apply to genuinely expensive items. I'm not sure
I ever spend more than maybe 200 UKP (300 USD) in cash at one time.

@_date: 2002-05-13 12:01:53
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
I use a debit card, one that draws against my bank current account the
way a cheque does (probably "check" to you). It's the same card that is
used as a cheque card.  Lots of purchases over $100.  I've  bought a
miniature video camera with it, maybe 1500 dollars US. Still involves merchant charges of course. As far as they are concerned
it is no different from a credit card. The cashier at the till probably
doesn't even know the difference (after all it says "Visa" on it).

@_date: 2002-05-10 10:38:25
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: UK e-money legal, sort-of 
Sorry Adam, that wasn't me, I just quoted it from the article in  the
Register. So I know no more.

@_date: 2002-05-09 15:09:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: UK e-money legal, sort-of 
I can't remember if this came up (maybe in a post I deleted). Forwarded without permission from the UKcrypto list.
It points to   - the nub of the article is:
"anybody that wishes to issue electronic money can do so as long as they
satisfy a number of core criteria specified by the Financial Services
Authority (FSA), without having to first obtain a banking license. In
essence this means that as long as the issuers of the e-money can meet
the capital requirements of one million Euros or 2 percent of the
e-money to be issued, they are free to do so. There is a limit of one
thousand pounds sterling on the maximum 'purse' value; the e-money must
be redeemable within five days and the currency must be usable for at
least one year."

@_date: 2002-05-14 17:58:04
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: trillions a day? 
Because the money goes round more than once.
Because most foreign exchange ends up right back where it started before
the end of the day, with tiny bits shaved off for interest.
Because vast proportions of the apparent US money traded are, and have
been for years, in the "euro-dollar" market in London and never touches
down in America at all. (the relative importance of that has declined
but other non-US markets are growing to replace it)
Because banks lend money they don't have, and the people they lend it to
lend it to others, who can include banks, who can lend the same money to
more than one person - and as long as no-one is *really* stupid
(remember Nick Leeson?) most of the money comes back home at settlement
Because lots of money doesn't really represent spending power at all.
Say that A owes B a billion dollars. B owes C a billion dollars worth of
euros. C owes A a billion dollars worth of yen. Minor fluctuations in
exchange rates, combined with traders efforts to pull a fast one,  mean
that smaller amounts of money - say a few hundred thousand a day -
permanently changes hands, and can be spent. But, absent the meltdown of
one or another market,  the whole pot never gets spent. It can't,
because it is mostly always promised to someone else.
Because people don't just trade "money", whatever that is. They trade
various kinds of rights and duties to money and other property. A has a
billion dollars. How much is it worth to B to buy the right to borrow
that billion for 1 day sometime next week, if they choose to? That has a
value. A sells that right to B, and C and D. What happens if B & C both
want to cash in? Well, A has to borrow the second billion from E in a
hurry... and so on.
Because as Bruce Sterling told us many years ago, cyberspace is real, it
is where the banks keep the money. Most of the money in the world is entries in databases in London banks
and market traders that no-one will ever spend. Most of the rest is in
banks in Singapore, Tokyo, and New York. No-where else has any at all,
statistically speaking :-)

@_date: 2002-05-27 10:52:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: NYT: Techies Now Respect Government 
I can't imagine that any large US company that operated abroad - which
is effectively all of big ones - didn't think about the same sort of
thing.  My ex-employers did business in a number of African and
middle-eastern countries, some of them in a state of civil war, and had
planned responses to kidnapping or murder of employees or their
families, and to armed attack on company buildings, so physical security
had always been on the agenda. If any of them were complacent about security in the USA itself, they
would surely have been shaken out of it in the 1960s if not before.
(Hey, didn't you guys use to have bank robbers? And what about the days
when payrolls really were rolls of paper money?). Anyway, after abortion
clinic bombings in the 1990s, and the Atlanta Olympic & Oklahoma
bombings and Seattle protests surely no corporation  the USA could have
been naive enough to think that they were immune to politcal violence? The US company I used to work for in London had it's buildings within
the blast radius of IRA bombs in 1983 and 1991 (and nearby in 1982 and
1995).  The main thing that worried them in London was being occupied by
demonstrators against the company's policies in other countries, or by
"anti-Globalisation" protestors. We had  discussions with police and
others about corporate response to attacks or demonstrations. I
participated in them at one point to  discuss IT security.  It was that
sort of discussion that persuaded people to pay for firewalls and proxy
servers. I don't think the idea that whole areas of the net woudl be
wiped out by stupid Microsoft word macros occured to many of the non-IT
managers, but they certainly didn't want to be hacked by Greens, who
some of them had an exaggerated fear of. One of the reasons I knew it
was time to leave was when I found myself talking to men in suits about
defending ourselves against demonstrations that friends of mine might
have been taking part in.

@_date: 2002-05-27 10:52:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: NYT: Techies Now Respect Government 
I can't imagine that any large US company that operated abroad - which
is effectively all of big ones - didn't think about the same sort of
thing.  My ex-employers did business in a number of African and
middle-eastern countries, some of them in a state of civil war, and had
planned responses to kidnapping or murder of employees or their
families, and to armed attack on company buildings, so physical security
had always been on the agenda. If any of them were complacent about security in the USA itself, they
would surely have been shaken out of it in the 1960s if not before.
(Hey, didn't you guys use to have bank robbers? And what about the days
when payrolls really were rolls of paper money?). Anyway, after abortion
clinic bombings in the 1990s, and the Atlanta Olympic & Oklahoma
bombings and Seattle protests surely no corporation  the USA could have
been naive enough to think that they were immune to politcal violence? The US company I used to work for in London had it's buildings within
the blast radius of IRA bombs in 1983 and 1991 (and nearby in 1982 and
1995).  The main thing that worried them in London was being occupied by
demonstrators against the company's policies in other countries, or by
"anti-Globalisation" protestors. We had  discussions with police and
others about corporate response to attacks or demonstrations. I
participated in them at one point to  discuss IT security.  It was that
sort of discussion that persuaded people to pay for firewalls and proxy
servers. I don't think the idea that whole areas of the net woudl be
wiped out by stupid Microsoft word macros occured to many of the non-IT
managers, but they certainly didn't want to be hacked by Greens, who
some of them had an exaggerated fear of. One of the reasons I knew it
was time to leave was when I found myself talking to men in suits about
defending ourselves against demonstrations that friends of mine might
have been taking part in.

@_date: 2002-06-10 15:44:01
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
Oh yes we do!  I never call them anything but "valves".

@_date: 2002-06-13 17:55:48
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
This is basically copy right as already existed in England, & not one of
the moral rights. Yep, this got added to English law (but not US, I think, except for the
weird VARA Peter mentioned which only applies to unique original
I don't know about the German laws but this is not, I think, the case in
most other countries. Just borrowing a poem &  using it somewhere else
would (at worst) count as parody, which is legally protected speech in
the US (& usually in England as well).
I think the law is more intended for the Alan Smithee situation, where a
publisher (or record company, film studio, broadcaster, whatever)  takes
a work and changes it so that the author thinks it makes them look bad,
and they don't want to be associated with it. I am no expert, but I
think up till 1989 in common law jurisdictions this would have to have
been pursued as defamation - which in the USA means the aggrieved party
has effectively no chance at all, and in England that the side with the
most expensive lawyers wins.
That is my general impression.  As an example of the sort of nonsense
that some countries recognise moral rights to avoid,  while Googling
around for these things I found this heap of prdroid shit:
"... any submission of materials by you will be considered a
contribution to Boeing for further use in its sole discretion,
regardless of any proprietary claims or reservation of rights noted in
the submission. Accordingly, you agree that any materials, including but
not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes,
drawings, original or creative materials or other information, provided
by you in the form of e-mail or submissions to Boeing, or postings on
this Site, are non-confidential (subject to Boeing's Privacy Policy) and
shall become the sole property of Boeing. Boeing shall own exclusive
rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be
entitled to the unrestricted use of these materials for any purpose,
commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgement or compensation to you.
The submission of any materials to Boeing, including the posting of
materials to any forum or interactive area, irrevocably waives any and
all "moral rights" in such materials, including the rights of paternity
and integrity."
PS in English these are "moral" rights - "morale" is borrowed from
French and means the mental state of an army :-)

@_date: 2002-06-13 15:00:12
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
[...snip...] [...snip...] True, but it is an old process. In French law there has been a concept
of "moral rights" in a work for a very long time. These are inalienable, you can't sell them. The two most important are
(IIR the jargon correctly) "integrity" and "paternity".
The right of integrity means that if someone buys the copyright to a
work, then alters the work in a way that could affect the reputation of
the originator, they can be sued. So, for example, if a painter paints
a  picture, sells it to a publisher, then the publisher prints a defaced
version as a book cover, the painter can perhaps sue the publisher.
The right of paternity is the right to be known as the originator. It
was  imported into English law in, IIRC, 1989, but has to be asserted -
which  is why nearly all books published in Britain these days have a
note asserting the rights of the author to be known as the author.
These rights did not exist in the USA (& still don't, quite),  but the
US didn't really have copyright law in the European sense until the
1980s anyway - what they /called/ copyright was something you had to
apply for and register - very different from our English tradition which
is based on an idea of the natural property rights of an artist or
author in their own work, and so has never had to be registered or
applied for, any more than you have to get government permission to own
the clothes you stand up in. The moral rights limit the freedom of
action of publishers to the benefit of artists and authors, not, as far
as I know  the ultimate purchasers, but then IANAL and
Some people who know a lot more about it than I do have said that
English law traditionally treated copyright as a matter of property,
French as a matter of personality, and the US as a sort of government
licenced monopoly or patent. But they are all much closer to each other
these days, with international copyright law being a compromise between
the old systems.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-06-13 14:46:51
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
In practice these days many scientists put copies of their stuff on
personal or institutional websites, perhaps regardless of journal's
objections.  If you Google for the authors of recent papers you often
find something, quite often something closely resembling their next
paper. There is a difference between refusing a paper that has already
appeared  elsewhere and trying to enforce copyright after paper
publication. Most journals try the first, many no longer try the second.
It really depends how much clout they have.  /Nature/ might be able to
enforce their embargo by the mere threat of not publishing your next
paper.  /The Proceedings of the  Yorkshire Geological Society/ might be
less fearsome.  I doubt if anyone makes a fuss about papers presented at
scientific conferences or privately distributed to colleagues (how
"private" is "private" is up to the editors I suppose) Abstracts,
posters, and  so on don't usually count as prior publication - science
could hardly function if they did.
Some publishers - such as the American Society for Microbiology - say
they won't accept papers published on a non-personal website, but don't
mind those that have appeared on a private website.  Also data can be
published as long as it doesn't "constitute the substance of the
submission". Biomolecular journals often /require/ that data (especially
sequence data) be freely available online. all authors the rights laid out in our new licence agreements in respect
of the material assigned to us: to re- use the papers in any printed
volume of which they are an author; to post a PDF copy on their own
(not-for-profit) website; to copy (and for their institutions to copy)
their papers for use in coursework teaching; and to re-use figures and
but explicitly allows not-for-profit online "reprints" /after/
These days, if your paper is /not/ online, it is less likely to be read.
So it is in the interest of the scientist to get it as widely available
as possible. Publishers walk a fine line between over-exposure, reducing
potential paper sales, and annoying their contributors.
On-line access to material has now become a 100% necessity in almost all
fields. Most people looking up papers start with abstracting services
and citation indexes such as SCI, which is available to research
institutions through various deals (ours come through
 or Medline
( Current Contents,
EMBASE & so on, all of which are now online. If a journal isn't
abstracted (both the ones mentioned above are) it is unlikely to be read
except by a small group.
Many journals and publishers make some or all of their full texts
available on line to subscribers, and a large minority make them
available to non-subscribers. Some put recent papers on their websites
and withdraw them later, others are print-only for the first year or two
and upload older stuff.  There are also a number of commercial web
archives to which you can subscribe - but of course a great many
research institutions do, so many scientists are used to seeing things
online. I can see a lot of things from Science Direct
( or Elsevier.  others like PubMed
( There are old
papers archived in places like JSTOR.
In the fields I have looked at most - microbial ecology, evolutionary
biology - I reckon I can read rather more than half of the relevant
papers  online, about half of those freely the rest because we subscribe
to various services.  In straight microbiology the proportion is
probably higher, largely because of the American Microbiology Society
which puts a lot of its publications on the website. (Such as
 - they also say they throttle the site allowing
no more than 1 download per minute per remote site) A lot of learned
societies are in effect either charities or government-funded, and so
are less concerned with profit. For example the US National Academy of
Sciences now puts new papers up daily, often some time before they
appear in print - the latest version has Quint, Smith, et al (2002)
"Bone patterning is altered in the regenerating zebrafish caudal fin
after ectopic expression of sonic hedgehog and bmp2b or exposure to
cyclopamine" which is as good a title as any
Loads of review & "current" journals are online as well. The "Annual
Reviews" are all online (though not all available to nonsubscribers)
which are good places to start.

@_date: 2002-06-13 17:27:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Artist's rights? [was: RE: Sci Journals, authors, internet] 
These laws don't really get into cyberpunks territory, because they are
about rights that are reserved to the original artist, and cannot be
transferred to publishers or distributors or record companies, and can
only be possessed by natural persons, not corporations. So (in France,
not the USA) a musician or a film directory might be able to sue Time
Warner or Sony if they insist on adding watermarks or copy protection to
a work, but neither could sue a cypherpunk for taking the watermarks
off.  In the USA the moral rights, AFAICT, wouldn't apply to the copy or
reproduction anyway, only the original. But the important point about that is that the artist lost!  According
to the website the tried "breach of contract, trademark violations,
copyright infringement and the violation of First and Fifth Amendment
rights" and lost all of them. So the new law has no real effect other
than to give a few days work to some lawyers.
Thanks for that - I hadn't heard of VARA before. No real reason I should
have I suppose, it being in the USA and me not.  It seems much more
limited than the French moral rights, in that it only applies to unique
objects, not to texts or to broadcast or recorded work.
According to the commentary in that paper the US experience with VARA
seems to agree with  what I have read about the French laws (in books
and papers trying to explain them to us English, who never had such
rules before), in that few actions are taken under it and that they are
almost always relatively unknown sculptors objecting to treatment of a
work of public art. With the implication that they are doing it more for
the publicity than for the damages, which are either never awarded (in
the USA) or are tiny (in France).

@_date: 2002-06-25 15:51:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
Am I expected to distribute my password with my code?

@_date: 2002-07-25 14:29:41
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: warchalking on the Beeb 
5 minutes of it on the breakfast-time Today show on BBC radio 4 a couple
of days ago. Positive almost to the point of ingenuousness - they
suggested that LSE was offering wireless as a "public good" which wasn't
quite how LSE described it at a ukerna seminar 6 months ago.
online version at

@_date: 2002-07-26 15:56:31
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: What happened to cypherpunks? 
This is just a test message to see if it gets back to me.
No traffic on lne or ssz though here for 24 hours.
Which after a few 100 in previous 2 days seems odd.

@_date: 2002-08-01 12:53:02
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Pizza with a credit card 
You want to spend ten thou on pizza?  Bloody hell, that's  excessive.
Any company selling you that much would lay themselves wide open to being sued because they got you addicted to fatty pizza and made you
could possibly allow that to happen. There should be a law against it!
Our legislators must act to defend vulnerable corporations against
predatory customers like you who spend too much money!
Ken (who has to choose among the 10 or so local Pizza delivery companies
in his part of London on the basis of which postcode database they use,
because most of them think he lives in the wrong street)

@_date: 2002-08-09 17:43:05
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Challenge to TCPA/Palladium detractors 
Nor anyone else's
If only because the exact image you depends on a hell of a lot of
programs &  libraries. Does anyone expect /Microsoft/ of all software
suppliers to provide consistent versioning and reproducible or
predictable software environments? These are the people who brought us
"DLL Hell". These are the people who fell into the MDAC versioning
fiasco.

@_date: 2002-09-20 11:26:24
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: software-defined radio killer app 
The biggest police station in western Europe is being built less than
half a mile from where I live.  Your phone will keep on ringing and

@_date: 2003-02-03 20:07:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Life Sentence for Medical Marijuana? 
Oh, PERSISTENT rumours eh?  So they must be true. The TRANSIENT sort are
just a pack of lies.

@_date: 2003-02-03 20:33:05
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Re: Passenger rail is for adventurers and bums 
Actually, in most places in UK, the railways precede the development of
the town. So the industry & cheap areas follow rail, rather than vice
versa.  What you say is often true about new road building though. Everyone
wants big roads a couple of miles away - no-one wants them on their
doorstep. That's how Labour took over London in the 1970s - the old Tory
GLC committed political suicide by road-building.  Roads do not make
Of course, what /should/ happen is that the people who need the roads
pay the people whose towns they go through...
