
@_date: 2004-11-09 15:08:10
@_author: "MR.KAMBORE MUSA" 
@_subject: URGENT . 
FROM THE DESK OF MR KAMBORE MUSA BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT. BANK COMMERCIAL OF BURKINA (B.C.B) OUAGADOUGOU,BURKINA FASO WEST AFRICA. MY PRIVATE E-MAIL ADRESS:  kambore_bcb_bank
Dear Friend, First, I must solicit your confidence in this transaction.This is by virtue of  its nature as being utterly CONFIDENTIAL AND TOP SECRET. However after series of petition was recieved by this present regime from foreign contractors and inability of the BANK COMMERCIAL OF BURKINA (B.C.B)to fulfill their obligation for the payment to its foreign creditors, in conjunction with the council of ministers, they mandated us to carry out a careful and comprehensive review of all overdue payments to foreign contractors and to effect payments immediately. During the above mentioned process, we discovered an abandoned sum of US$10.5M (Ten million five hundred thousand US dollars) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer who died along with his entire family in a plane crash that happened in Kenya, East Africa. Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless some body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines and laws but unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. Please I want you to visit the website below for more information about the Plane Crash:  It is therefore upon this discovery that I and other officials in my department now decided to make this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill. I agree that 30% of this money will be for you as a foreign partner, in respect to the provision of a foreign account, and 60% would be for me, while 10% will be for expenses incure during the transaction. There after I will visit your country for disbursement according to the percentage indicated. Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you as arranged, you must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and location wherein the money will be remitted. Upon the receipt of your reply, I will send to you by email the text of the application to fill and send to the bank. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch-free risk and this transaction will only take us 14 banking days because as a banker, I know what to do and move the fund into your account without any delay and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangement have been made for the transfer. You should contact me as soon as you receive this letter so that I will send you the text of the application to apply to the bank and the data information of the deceased customer and you should contact me through this my private e-mail address. :  kambore_bcb_bank
Yours faithfully. MR KAMBORE MUSA Bill & Exchange Manager, BANK COMMERCIAL OF BURKINA (B.C.B)
