
@_date: 2001-09-12 18:46:18
@_author: kenneth sankoh 
@_subject: Fund management/Investment 
Madrid Spain
Tel:  0034 696 368 505
LETTER OF ASSISTANCE
Dear sir,
I have a business proposal which I know might interest
you. I have in my possession a large sum of money
which I want to invest in your country.
In brief introduction, my name is Kenneth Sankoh, a
Sierra-Leonean and the son to Corporal FODAY SANKOH,
who was the leader of the Revolutionary United Front
of Sierra-Leone (RUF) and formerly the Director of
GOLD/DIAMOND CORPORATION of Sierra-Leone. My father was arrested and is presently being
detained by the civilian government of President
Ahmed Tejan Kabbah, for the role he played during
the regime of major Paul Koromah, which resulted to
war. On the night of my father´s arrest, he
instructed me to move out of the country without
delay, with the sum of US$ 31M (Thirty One  Million
US Dollars) contained in a sealed trunk box,
including quantities of Gold Dust and some uncut
Diamonds. I fled out of our country in the company of my mother
through the coastal river and arrived in
Abidjan-IvoryCoast, where I deposited the box in a
Security Company as containing family treasure forsafe
I have interest in your country and would want to go
into partnership venture with your company. I am
asking for your assitance to help us move out the
money and secure it for onward investment and to
make residence arrangement for us.
 I have the consent of my family and we have agreed
 to give you 15% of the total amount, including 15%
 share from the profits which the money will generate
 from any future investment. The existence of this
 fortune which I have revealed to you is authentic
 and confidential and there is no risk involved in
 the cause of retreiving it back from the Security
 Company.
It has been transfered and it is currently in the
custody of their Feduciary Agent in Spain. However I
left  Africa and decided to travel over to Madrid
under a Refugee Status in search of a good friend of
my faher who leaves in the city, I  arrived here to
discover that the man has relocated to somewhere
else. It is for this reason that I am contacting you
so you should please not feel embarrased receiving
this mail from me.
I am still in Spain and may leave back to Africa
should I not hear from you, in other to facilitate
another arrangement, but for now you should kindly
reach me via email, or the above telephone number to
enable me give you further details and also to fax
you all relevant documents covering the deposit of the
trunk box.
My father is still in detention and may finally face
public execution, hence we have considered it very
unsafe to remain in Africa as we may be the
government's next target. Accept my sincere regards
while hoping to hear from you.
KENNETH SANKOH.
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email alerts & NEW webcam video instant messaging with Yahoo! Messenger
