
@_date: 2004-11-23 11:32:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Confirm Acceptance 
Dear Friend,
This is important, and requires your immediate attention.  My name is KEN GOMAH, the former Chief Security officer and Personal Assistant to ex-President, Charles Taylor of Liberia.  During the civil war in Liberia, my former boss depended on the sale of diamonds to run his government.  Due to the embargo placed on us by the United Nations, payments for arms were done through intermediaries for onward forwarding of cash to the arms dealer.  To this end, my former boss had the habit of storing cash in his personal vault.  Bank to bank transaction was impossible as it was closely monitored by the United Nations watchdog.  Sometimes, arms paid for were not supplied due to the bottlenecks along the supply route caused by international observers.
With the recent declaration of peace in Liberia, the African Heads of Government intervened and former President Taylor was negotiated out of power and advised to accept asylum in Nigeria. The president hurriedly made a farewell speech and we left for Nigeria.  Today, we are leaving in a foreign land and confined to a suburb area town called Calabar in the eastern part of Nigeria.  NOTE:  In the course of leaving Liberia, we loaded several suitcases containing personal effects and other valuables into the presidential jet that conveyed the entire family including myself and other aides to Nigeria.  While offloading the massive consignment upon arrival in Calabar, I stumbled into a box containing the sum of US$11.5M in cash.  Further examination revealed that there were equally other boxes containing various sums of cash in various currencies.  Out of curiosity, I got determined and was able to divert one box.  When the box was later examined, it was found to contain the sum of US$7.5M in cash.  My boss had already complained about the missing box and I reminded him that it would likely be among the items abandoned in Monrovia before our departure.  Of course, all abandoned properties have been confiscated by the new regime and he did not ask further.  Due to my status as an asylum seeker and still serving under my former boss, I cannot directly spend the money here.  With the help of a trusted lawyer, we attempted to open a new account in a commercial bank for the lodgment of the funds.  The bank refused us opening the account because the money is in a foreign currency.  However, one of the bank's directors accepted to help us in moving the cash into the banking system for safe custody but gave a condition.  We were allowed to pay the money into the bank's non domiciliary account on the basis that we would secure the cooperation of a foreign partner to receive the money at his end.  While making the deposit, it was specified that the lodgment is for the payment of agricultural machineries and real estate investment abroad.   Presently, I need money for my daily upkeep but I cannot draw from the account because it is a non-domiciliary account.   The bank maintains that the total sum must be transferred to a company abroad or to my chosen partner overseas. Can you receive this sum of US$7.5M and disburse as appropriate?  If yes, kindly forward your response through my e-mail indicating your interest.  Upon your acceptance to work with me, I will furnish you with the details of my lawyer who will give you more confidential information about the transaction and also work with you for an effective transfer of the total sum to your nominated bank account.  Wile confirming your interest, you should furnish me with your private phone line, fax line, full names, full contact address and bank details.  My lawyer will thereafter open communication with you. For accepting to provide the conduit account where the funds will be paid into, I am offering you 35% of the total sum.  Upon the confirmation of the funds in your account, my lawyer will direct you on how to disburse my share.    I implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in this transaction.  I must use this opportunity to implore you to exercise the utmost indulgence to keep this matter extraordinarily confidential whatever your decision may be.  I await your prompt response.
Let me state here that I will need your assistance to enable me settle in your country after the transaction. This is therefore my only chance to break even and I need your assistance.  Please respond immediately indicating your interest.  You should also note my alternative email address is esa
KEN GOMAH
