
@_date: 2002-01-10 20:15:49
@_author: "Barrister. kenny martins" 
@_subject: FROM LONDON!!!!! 
From : Barrister. Kenny Martins
Kindest Attention,
Firstly, not to cause you embarrassment, I am Mr.
Kenny Martins, a Papua New Guinean by Nationality, a
Solicitor at law based in the United Kingdom and the
personal attorney to late Mr. Mark Michelle a National
of France, who used to be a private contractor with
the Shell Petroleum Development Company in Saudi
Arabia, herein after shall be referred to as my
client. On the 21st of April 2001, he and his wife
with their three children were involved in an auto
crash; all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost
their lives.
Since then, I have made several enquiries with his
country's embassies to locate any of my clients
extended relatives, this has also proved unsuccessful.
After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided
to contact you with this business partnership
proposal. I have contacted you to assist in
repatriating a huge amount of money left behind by my
client before they get confiscated or declared
unserviceable by the Bank where this huge deposit was
The deceased had a deposit valued presently at
US$30million and the Bank has issued me a notice to
 provide his next of kin or Beneficiary by Will otherwise have the account confiscated within the next thirty official working days. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the
relatives for over three years now, I seek your
consent to present you as the next of kin / Will
Beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of
this account valued at US$30Million can be paid to you. This will be disbursed or shared in these percentages,
60% to me and 40% to you. I have all necessary legal documents that can be used
to Back up any claim will be obtained From the Court of  England with the Certificate Of Deposit which has been  issued to me by the Bank. All I require  is your honest Co-operation, Confidentiality and Trust to enable us see this project through.
I guarantee you that this will be executed under a
legitimate Arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law.
 All the relevant documents that will give you the legal backing to claim the fund will be processed.
Please acknowledge receipt of this message by e-mail.
As I am based in the United Kingdom. And please
provide me the following below; this is to enable me
commence immediate preparation of all legal document
that will back up our claim.
1. Full Name
2. Your Telephone Number and Fax Number
3. Your Contact Address.
Your urgent response will be highly anticipated and
Best regards,
Barrister. Kenny Martins
