
@_date: 2011-09-06 13:36:19
@_author: Kevin W. Wall 
@_subject: [cryptography] Diginotar broken arrow as a tour-de-force of PKI 
I don't read Dutch(?), but seems to have been pulled down. I saw it
yesterday. Was hoping to share it w/ some of my colleagues.
Do you have alternate URL?

@_date: 2012-02-27 01:50:40
@_author: "Kevin W. Wall" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] US Appeals Court upholds right not to decrypt a drive 
Well, we're already considerably OT, but since the moderator seems to
be letting this thread play itself out, I use that to segue to a related to=
on a new proposed Ohio law and hidden compartments.
[I just literally finished posting this to my G+ account moments ago, but
will repost here rather than making all you you go to GooglePlus.]
Ohio Gov. John Kasich is advocating a law that would make it a 4th-degree
felony to own any vehicle equipped with hidden compartments. Conviction
under this proposed law could mean up to 18 months in jail and a
potential $5,000 fine.
So someone please tell me why the ACLU is not jumping all over this? I
just don't see how this law is a good thing. It seems to me that this
could trap a lot of innocent people. Imagine the following scenario:
    A drug dealer whose car has a secret compartment decides to
    get some new wheels so he trades in is old car for a hot new
    one to some legitimate auto dealer. The auto dealer does not
    know this person is a drug dealer so they have no reason to
    suspect anything. Sometime later, the car dealer sells the
    car to someone. That "someone" then happens to get in an accident
    where they get rear ended. The ensuing damage reveals a hidden
    compartment such as that described in the Columbus Dispatch
    article (see below). The officer on the scene of the accident
    notices the secret compartment, and even though there are no
    drugs present, decides to arrest the driver of the damaged car
    solely because she or he can observe the secret compartment.
    Thereby some innocent person is charged with a fourth degree
    felony and at least has to go through a bunch of legal hoops
    to clear his or her name.
Now how is this a _good_ thing? So much for the presumed innocent until
proven guilty.
The original Columbus Dispatch article is here in case anyone wishes
to read it:

@_date: 2012-02-25 23:18:54
@_author: "Kevin W. Wall" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] US Appeals Court upholds right not to decrypt a drive 
Well, they'd be wrong with that assumption then.
That's good to know then. I never had anything *that* secret to protect,
so never bothered to create a hidden volume. I just wanted a good, cheap
encrypted volume solution where I could keep my tax records and other
sensitive personal info. And if law enforcement ever requested the password
for that, I wouldn't hesitate to hand it over if they had the proper
subpoena / court order. But I'd be SOL when then went looking for a second
hidden volume simply because one doesn't exist. Guess if I ever go out of
the country with my laptop, I'd just better securely wipe that partion.
Blog: "The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree,
is by accident. That's where we come in; we're computer professionals.
We *cause* accidents."        -- Nathaniel Borenstein
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-04-10 02:57:54
@_author: "Kevin W. Wall" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] ICIJ's project - comment on cryptography & tools 
Some OT comments to an OT response...
[big snip]
Sorry, but I agree with Nico on this one. The problem is the brittleness
of our systems. One tiny problem and it allows the entire system to
break down and suffer vulnerabilities.  An attacker only has to find
one way in. And to be clear, as bad as developers handle cryptography,
cryptography, even when used poorly, is seldom the weakest link.
No...the problem is that humans just suck at writing secure code...
for that matter, we suck at writing _correct_ code (which often
results in insecure code).
And while I can't comment on Bitcoin or iMessage, I do know that
both Skype and openSSH have had their share of vulnerabilities and
probably an order of magnitude or more of non-security related bugs.
As humans, we make make lots of mistakes in many other
endeavors, but in many of those cases, the human element
itself is the end recipient / consumer of those "systems"
and it is a lot more resilient than our computer systems
are to errors. Case in point, see how many typos you can
find in this particular email thread...spelling errors, grammatical
errors, etc. Most of us probably read right through them. I'm
pretty sure that none of those errors made our brain reboot. ;-)
Try the analogous thing with computer code and at best you have
a harmless bug, but often you get a security vulnerability.  So far,
we haven't invented computer systems that work on a Do What I Mean,
Not What I Say. Fortunately the human brain seems to grok DWIMNWIS.
(Google for "Cna Yuo Raed Tihs?" for one popular example.)
That depends on what you mean by "good enough". I would agree that
most crypto is "good enough", but one reason for that there generally
are so many more easily exploitable vulnerabilities, why bother with
the crypto. For instance, when you web app is full of XSS and SQLi,
why would an attacker try some attack against TLS? It would be pointless.
On the other hand, if all other vulnerabilities were somehow magically
removed and only the crypto ones remained so that they were indeed
the weakest link, I think the crypto-related exploits would start getting
a lot more play.
They were in Area 11 (research) and back in the day, that research wasn't
required to be directly applicable.  Today I think something like this would
be rare, at least outside of universities, because their is just too much
pressure to turn everything into product in order to make profits.
Uh, that would actually be Ritchie and Thompson, but I'm sure you knew that. :)
OK, that last part is a bit misleading.  I worked at Bell Labs from
79-96 and Unix
was used in many of our internal systems, not just as development platforms
but also as operations support systems, call routing systems, etc. So it was
commercialized in a sense. AT&T wasn't allowed to directly sell it, they did
indirectly commercialize it by making it an integral part of many of the
systems that they sold to RBOCs (after divestiture).

@_date: 2013-04-06 17:28:30
@_author: "Kevin W. Wall" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] ICIJ's project - comment on cryptography & tools 
I think you're giving the NSA way too much credit on why security sucks.
Even if we were to restrict 'security' to the scope of cryptography, even
there, I think the NSA has much less to do with dumbing down crypto
security than other factors. IMO, the biggest factor is that 95% or more
of developers are completely ignorant of best practices in cryptography.
They good to some security book or beginning crypto book and emulate
the first example that they see which is using something like AES with
ECB mode and no padding and they copy it. Done. Cross that off their list.
When I've spoken to them, they aren't even aware of what cipher modes
are let alone why they should be using authenticated encryption! I blame a
lot of that on API design. Great example of poor design is Java's JCE.
It exposes cryptographic primitives as the expected low level that developers
want to deal with where what the really need is a much higher level API.
Furthermore, the defaults in JCE are just wrong (e.g.,ECB mode with no padding,
no authenticated encryption modes supported in the reference SunJCE
implementation, etc.)
However, the real reasons that security sucks goes way beyond crypto. In fact,
only a small part of application security has to do with crypto. As
has been repeated
several times on this list, even bad crypto is seldom the weakest link.
And I don't even believe that the root cause for poor security is even developer
ignorance or apathy. Most developers want to write code that is secure. The
reason they don't is that it is just not a priority for them. There
are two things
that I think are fueling our poor application security. The first is,
that the sponsoring
business units see not value per se in building systems that are secure nor even
maintaining secure systems (e.g., through regular patching and operational
reviews, etc.). They typically see security only has an additional
cost that contributes
nothing to their bottom line.  Because of that they are not willing to provide
additional budget nor additional time in schedules to bolster security. This
also somewhat explains the developer crypto ignorance in that they seldom are
willing to fund developers to be trained in application security,
including applied
Second, but somewhat related to this, is that developers are not rewarded
for developing secure designs and/or writing secure code. They are rewarded
for writing efficient and fast code that reduces hardware needs (thus
lowering costs)
and for writing fault-tolerant code (thus reducing outages and
increasing availability),
but it is rare to see anyone *rewarded* for writing secure code. (Note
that the reverse
may be true though...developers may be punished [through dismissal,
etc.] for writing
really bad, insecure code, especially if the organizational culture is
to find a scape
goats when a security breach is discovered.)  In many ways it is even
very difficult
to identify those who write secure code; it is much easier to identify
those who write
insecure code. Generally, only the test of time helps identity those
who regularly
produce secure code, but because it takes so long, there is no near
term feedback
and those developers are not rewarded for it. Consequently, it is not
a priority with them.
Note that these are only observations that I've seen that have been
consistent through
all the places where I've been employed. YMMV, but I expect there will
generally be
more similarities than differences.
Just my $.02,

@_date: 2013-08-23 05:48:51
@_author: "Kevin W. Wall" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] urandom vs random 
Instead of a bunch of additional devices in /dev, the could add support
to use fcntl(2) and ioctl(2) system calls to control it. That would allow for
more granular control (although not be as convenient from languages
where fcntl and ioctl are not supported such as the shell or Java. On
second thought, scrap that idea.  Of course, as far as blocking / non-blocking
I/O, one should be able to change that behavior by a flag to the open(2)
system call; e.g.,
   int fd = open("/dev/random", O_RDONLY | O_NONBLOCK);
or for /dev/urandom,
   int fd = open("/dev/urandom", O_RDONLY | ~O_NONBLOCK);
At least that much could be supported from Java if not from the shell.
Then if it is opened not to block, any read(2) request should either
return whatever is available or -1 with errno set to EWOULDBLOCK
when the normal result would be to block because there is not sufficient
entropy. It would be up to the application to repeat the read() attempt
(hopefully sleeping awhile in between) if they haven't read enough

@_date: 2013-09-07 01:52:14
@_author: "Kevin W. Wall" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
WEP was so bad it's hard to think anyone could have done that intentionally.
OTOH, stupidity usually wins out over malice.  Besides, I don't believe that WEP
fits the other attributes of the story.
But seriously, sabotage can manifest itself in a lot of different ways. Perhaps their
HUMINT promoted attitudes of jealously and backstabbing. Those means would
likely be more efficient means to get something you want. Eventually gets weary and will agree on practically anything even if it isn't near especially it it had been suggested early on and then discarded because the
committee decided they could do better. There's also politics, bribes, and other
gratuity they might offer.
There's more than one one to dumb down standards besides just suggesting
the wording of some crypto details which is what everyone seems to be
assuming they did. Maybe all they did was encourage an dumb idea that
someone else offered.
Blog: "The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree,
is by accident. That's where we come in; we're computer professionals.
We *cause* accidents."        -- Nathaniel Borenstein
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-31 20:13:03
@_author: "Kevin W. Wall" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
And you can find his actual prez here:
Worth the hour, although I'm sure your blood
pressure will go up a few points.

@_date: 2014-01-06 01:33:27
@_author: "Kevin W. Wall" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
Okay, here's a question for you that I hope you
can answer. Unfortunately, it may be a little OT
for this list, so I apologize for that in advance.
In your talk, you mentioned about the "interdiction"
that the NSA was using on laptops ordered online.
I'm assuming it would be too expensive and of little
return for them to do that on all laptops ordered
online, so likely they are only doing this for
certain targeted individuals.
If indeed that is the case, my question is, do you
have any idea of how common this interdiction
practice is and how they pull it off? Specifically,
with respect to the "how" part, I mean how do they
learn of a person of interest ordering a new laptop
online to begin with? If it is via the POI's already
compromised system, that is one thing, but if they
are doing this via snooping on all the orders of all
vendors who handle online laptop orders, that is
much more disturbing.
Informed speculation is okay as well, although we
would appreciate stating it as such.
Thanks in advance for your response,

@_date: 2015-05-30 03:20:12
@_author: "Kevin W. Wall" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dark Web should really be called the Twilight Web 
Slightly OT...
Oh yeah, that's an authoritative source. The writers on that show don't
even grok dot notation of IPv4 addresses. Apparently they think each octet
ranges from 000 to 999. E.g., one week they showed all of these IP
addresses on the same map.
They also tried to make up their on HTML once:
As Dave Barry says "I am not making this up." So our only hope is this is
simply troll bait for those with a clue. Instead, I think of it as being a
Slightly OT...
Oh yeah, that's an authoritative source. The writers on that show don't even grok dot notation of IPv4 addresses. Apparently they think each octet ranges from 000 to 999. E.g., one week they showed all of these IP addresses on the same map.
They also tried to make up their on HTML once:
<hidden:ip: 951.27.9.840><echo;off;>
As Dave Barry says "I am not making this up." So our only hope is this is simply troll bait for those with a clue. Instead, I think of it as being a comedy.
