
@_date: 2002-02-28 23:39:49
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Govt wants to be in your computer 
A controversial draft bill involving security technology is returning to
                                 The Senate Committee on Commerce,
Science and Transportation plans
                                 to hold hearings Thursday on a proposed
bill that would require computer
                                 and device makers to install a
government-approved anti-copying
                                 technology.
                                 The bill, sponsored by Sens. Fritz
Hollings, D-S.C., and Ted Stevens,
                                 R-Alaska, has the backing of some in
the recording and movie industries,
                                 which are striving to deter digital
pirates through anti-copying technology
                                 and lawsuits as well as by offering
legal alternatives for online music via
                                 subscription services. Some hardware
manufacturers, such as IBM and
                                 Intel, also have been working to build
digital rights management
                                 technology into future products.
                                 Many advocacy and consumer groups,
however, oppose the draft bill,
                                 saying it gives the government too much
control over technology that is
                                 just starting to appear in devices.
Senate hearings had been scheduled for
                                 last October but were postponed after
much public opposition to the
                                 proposed legislation.
                                 Technology civil liberties group
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) said
                                 the draft bill would be "a really
dangerous development for innovation,"
                                 noting that technology companies should
respond to the needs of
                                 consumers rather than the wishes of
government officials.

@_date: 2002-02-28 17:34:39
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Virginian legislators rape the constitution 
Anyone see a violation of constitutional search and seizure laws here?
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - Virginia lawmakers have passed a bill that will
allow police to take DNA samples from anyone arrested for a violent
Under the bill unanimously approved Wednesday by the Virginia Senate,
testing would be done on a sample of saliva, and would be destroyed if
the suspect is acquitted or if the case is dismissed.
The bill expands current law, which allows samples only from those
convicted of a crime, or from a crime scene.
Virginia has developed one of the nation's largest computerized DNA
databases. Several other states are considering similar legislation.
The House of Delegates approved the measure earlier, and the bill now
goes to Gov. Mark R. Warner, who has not said whether he'll sign it.
Warner initially objected to the measure but said he was more
comfortable when lawmakers added an amendment providing for the
destruction of samples in the case of an acquittal or dismissal.
Some southerners jus deserve killin

@_date: 2002-02-28 17:19:59
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Prosecutor Schmidt: New Yorkers don't know how to change the 
What's with these fascist NYC censor types?  First EBay, now CBS.  Some
N'Yorkahs just need
CBS urged not to show graphic footage in
              9/11 film
              Wed Feb 27, 8:54 PM ET
              HACKENSACK, N.J. (Reuters) - The CBS television network
was urged Wednesday not to show
              graphic footage of the World Trade Center attacks in a
documentary it plans to air next month.
              "Any media event that indiscriminately broadcasts the
graphic horrors of that day will disrupt the
              healing process," said a letter to CBS from Bergen County
prosecutor William Schmidt, head of an
              advisory board for victims' families.
              Schmidt, writing on behalf of the American Red Cross,
United Way and other groups assisting victims'
              families in Bergen County since the attacks, also asked
CBS to air the program at a later date instead
              of March 10, almost the six-month anniversary of the
              "While we do not object to the showing of the documentary,
we are particularly concerned about the
              potentially negative psychological effects that graphic
details of death and destruction may have on the
              thousands of individuals who have been traumatized by the
events of September 11th," Schmidt said in
              the letter.
              Some of the nearly 3,000 victims of the World Trade Center
attack lived in Bergen County across the
              Hudson River from Manhattan.
              Gil Schwartz, CBS spokesman in New York, said he had not
received the letter and would respond
              when he did. But he defended the two-hour film as
"responsible and sensitive" and said there was no
              footage of people being killed. He said rumors of such
footage were the result of "misinformation" and
              "misapprehension."
              French brothers Gedeon and Jules Naudet, the filmmakers,
were recording firefighters' training
              exercises about 14 blocks from the Trade Center when the
attacks began. They kept their cameras
              running and recorded the planes' approaches to the twin
towers and scenes inside the buildings of
              rescues and escaping workers.

@_date: 2002-02-28 17:17:34
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: mere abstract advocacy of lawlessness is constitutionally 
"Mere abstract advocacy of lawlessness is constitutionally protected"
---but you knew that
Court says gang speech protected by First
                Amendment
                By DAVID KRAVETS Associated Press Writer
                Published 1:20 a.m. PST Wednesday, Feb. 27, 2002
                SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Arizona cannot prosecute a former
gang member for advising a
                gang on its operations, initiation, expulsion and
graffiti practices, a federal appeals court
                ruled Tuesday.
                The decision by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
upheld a lower court's decision
                overturning the 15-year sentence of Jerry Dean McCoy,
who was convicted in 1996 of
                participating in a criminal street gang. The three-judge
panel said McCoy's advice to gang
                members - prosecuted under a 1993 Arizona law - was
protected under the First
                Amendment.
                The court pointed out it was mindful of the "serious
problems" posed by street gangs and
                that it was sympathetic to the Arizona Legislature's
efforts to protect its citizens from "the
                evils gangs all too often inflict."
                "We are forced to agree that McCoy's speech, at most,
constituted mere abstract advocacy
                of lawlessness, rather than an intentional effort to
further illegal activity," Judge Diarmuid F.
                O'Scannlain wrote.
                McCoy's attorney, T.S. Hartzell, said his client advised
Arizona gang members at two
                parties, and the discussions were centered on McCoy
saying, '"You guys don't know how to
                run a gang,'" Hartzell said.
                "What the Legislature intended was to stop people from
saying, 'Go see so and so and
                collect money from him and if you have to, hurt him,'"
he said. Ginger Jarvis, assistant
                Arizona attorney general, said the state would contest
the ruling, either by asking the court
                to reconsider its decision or by asking the U.S. Supreme
Court to review the case.
                But Pati Urias, a spokeswoman for the Attorney General's
Office, said later that the office
                hasn't yet made a decision on whether to pursue the case
                O'Scannlain said a conviction for the speech from the
former California gang member
                "strays dangerously close to a finding of guilt by
association. Such a conviction, even in the
                context of a street gang, cannot be squared with the
First Amendment, and thus cannot
                stand."
                The court, however, added that McCoy could be
successfully prosecuted if Arizona proved
                that his speech "actually caused imminent lawless
                But prosecutors did not present such evidence,
O'Scannlain said, adding that speech cannot
                be punished for advocating illegal action "at some
indefinite future time."

@_date: 2002-02-28 02:51:20
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: private infiltration of private groups 
The pro-abortion & anti-choice folks are privately acting like the Feds
and WTO protesters,
or Feds and militias, or Feds and cypherpunks:
Abortion-rights group trains activists to  'investigate' CPCs
                 By Allyson Smith
                  ) 2002 WorldNetDaily.com
                  As New York crisis pregnancy centers, or CPCs,
                  rally to fight subpoenas issued last month by
                  Attorney General Eliot Spitzer demanding
                  information about their business practices, the
                  National Abortion Rights Action League, which
                  supported Spitzer's election, is training
                  pro-abortion-rights activists to "investigate"
                  California CPCs.
                  On Feb. 7, NARAL's California state affiliate, the
                  California Abortion and Reproductive Rights
                  Action League held a "special training" session on
                  "Unmasking Fake Clinics" at the Westside Pavilion
                  shopping center in West Los Angeles. An Internet
                  announcement for the event promised, "During the
                  training, CARAL will expose the hidden agendas
                  and activities that take place behind the doors of
                  CPCs. The session will also equip you with the
                  necessary information and training needed to take
                  action against CPCs in your community."

@_date: 2002-02-28 01:32:12
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: NYT has SSNs but gave them away to crackers 
N.Y. Times hack exposes sensitive data
            Wed Feb 27, 3:02 PM ET
            Margaret Kane CNET News.com
            The New York Times Co. on Wednesday confirmed that the
internal network of its flagship
            newspaper was hit by a security breach.
                                 The breach that hit The New York Times
was first reported by
                                 SecurityFocus Online, a site that
contains content about security issues.
                                 An article there said a hacker gained
access to data ranging from
                                 employee names and social security
numbers to delivery records.
                                 The report also said the hacker was
able to tap into a database of sources
                                 and see the Social Security numbers and
home phone numbers for
                                 luminaries including former U.N.
weapons inspector Richard Butler and
                                 actor Robert Redford.

@_date: 2002-02-27 17:07:21
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: stopping traffic 
Suppose, he wrote, Osama bin Laden (news - web sites) loaded a
biological weapon into a container
and shipped it through foreign ports to the USA. The container,
unnoticed in the day-to-day bustle of
trade, could then be put on a rail car at Long Beach destined for
Newark, N.J. Somewhere along the
2,800-mile route, it is detonated.
As bad as the destruction such an attack might cause, the chaos that
would follow could devastate the
nation's economy.
The nation's shipping system could shut down, as airports did after
Sept. 11. ''The economic damage
would be incalculable,'' Flynn says. ''It would accomplish what a
terrorist group wants to do, which is
to disrupt this country's economic structure.''
No, dipshit, they want you to get out of Mecca.  Now go back to sleep.

@_date: 2002-02-27 17:05:28
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: FLA zoning laws don't apply to net 
Voyeurdorm sees major court win
            Tue Feb 26, 2:43 PM ET
            By Lisa M. Bowman, ZDNet News
            The U.S. Supreme Court (news - web sites) said Monday it
will not hear a case involving an
            attempt to shut down an adult Web site by the city of Tampa,
                                The city had tried to shut down
exhibitionist site Voyeurdorm.com, which
                                provides 24-hour live Webcasts of a
residence full of women while they
                                "study, work out, bathe and live the
lives of college co-eds." The city said
                                the Tampa residence violated city zoning
ordinances regulating the location
                                of sexually oriented businesses.
                                It's the second time a court has refused
to consider the issue, paving the
                                way for the Voyeurdorm to remain open
for business. In November, the
                                11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (news
- web sites) refused to grant a
                                full-court hearing of the case.
                                The city had asked for the full court
review after a three-judge panel of the
                                court ruled that city ordinances do not
apply to the Web site, which
                                operates primarily in cyberspace.
                                Entertainment Network (ENI), which runs
Voyeurdorm and other
                                exhibitionist sites, praised the Supreme
Court's move.
                                "This is a victory for anyone operating
a legitimate Internet site, whether or
                                not it has adult content," ENI Chief
Executive David Marshlack said in a
            statement. "It is obvious that the Internet should not be
regulated under zoning laws written long
            before the Web was even dreamed of."
            ENI was also in federal court last year during an
unsuccessful attempt to get permission to Webcast
            the execution of Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh (news
- web sites).
            Tampa officials said a lower court may still issue a ruling
on other parts of the case.
            "The Court's determination not to hear this case does not
mean the case is over," said Assistant City
            Attorney Jerry Gewirtz. Gewirtz said the city will abide by
any court rulings.

@_date: 2002-02-27 17:04:27
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Some southerners jus' need killin': Georgia tries to censor 
Georgia attacks violent-game sales
            Mon Feb 18, 1:43 PM ET
            By Trey Walker, ZDNet News
            Four lawmakers in Georgia submitted a bill yesterday that
would make it a criminal offense
            to sell or furnish violent interactive video games to
                                The bill, known as the Violent Video
Game Protection Act, would make it
                                a misdemeanor offense to sell games that
contain depictions of graphic
                                violence as determined by the
Entertainment Software Rating Board
                                (ESRB) to anyone under 18.

@_date: 2002-02-27 17:03:54
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: bovines of mass destruction 
FBI agents tells Missouri farmers to keep alert for terrorism
  By Tim Higgins
  Associated Press Writer
  02/26/2002 03:23 PM
  JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) -- Farmers are the nation's first line of
defense against terrorist
  attacks on the food supply through contamination of crops or
livestock, an FBI agent told
  Missouri farmers Tuesday.
  David Cudmore, Kansas City coordinator of the FBI's unit in charge of
fighting weapons of
  mass destruction, told a Missouri Farm Bureau conference that farmers
must be alert to
  suspicious developments.
  ``If you suspect something, report it and tell them why: 'There's
something weird with my
  crops. They're turning a color I've never seen before,''' Cudmore
  Beyond wiping out a herd, the deliberate exposure of animals to a
biological agent such as
  foot-and-mouth disease would hurt the nation's economy and send waves
of fear across the
  country, Cudmore said.
  He said it would be easy for a person to bring a piece of infected
material into the United
  States and spread it to livestock.
  ``If a person takes a rag, puts it on the nose of a cow with
foot-and-mouth disease, then puts
  it in his pocket, keeps it wet, gets on a plane, flies over to the
Midwest -- if he just shook a
  farmer's hand, boom!'' Cudmore said.
  Cudmore said he was more worried about biological attacks against
agriculture than
  anthrax attacks against people.
  Still, the FBI in Kansas City has responded to 45 anthrax scares,
Cudmore said. No person
  has been charged with a crime.
  Anthrax was discovered last fall at a Kansas City postal facility.
About 250 people were
  advised to take antibiotics as a precaution but no one became ill, and
the facility reopened
  after two weeks.
  Authorities field a lot of calls about nothing more than a white
powdery substance on a
  kitchen counter or garage floor, Cudmore said.
  He told farmers that if they detect something amiss, they should first
try to gather
  information about it.
  ``If you can't figure out the explanation for why something is going
on, you've got to report it,''
  Cudmore said.
And cover those udders!  You're embarressing Ashcroft!

@_date: 2002-02-26 20:33:02
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: FLA zoning laws don't apply to net 
Voyeurdorm sees major court win
            Tue Feb 26, 2:43 PM ET
            By Lisa M. Bowman, ZDNet News
            The U.S. Supreme Court (news - web sites) said Monday it
will not hear a case involving an
            attempt to shut down an adult Web site by the city of Tampa,
                                The city had tried to shut down
exhibitionist site Voyeurdorm.com, which
                                provides 24-hour live Webcasts of a
residence full of women while they
                                "study, work out, bathe and live the
lives of college co-eds." The city said
                                the Tampa residence violated city zoning
ordinances regulating the location
                                of sexually oriented businesses.
                                It's the second time a court has refused
to consider the issue, paving the
                                way for the Voyeurdorm to remain open
for business. In November, the
                                11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (news
- web sites) refused to grant a
                                full-court hearing of the case.
                                The city had asked for the full court
review after a three-judge panel of the
                                court ruled that city ordinances do not
apply to the Web site, which
                                operates primarily in cyberspace.
                                Entertainment Network (ENI), which runs
Voyeurdorm and other
                                exhibitionist sites, praised the Supreme
Court's move.
                                "This is a victory for anyone operating
a legitimate Internet site, whether or
                                not it has adult content," ENI Chief
Executive David Marshlack said in a
            statement. "It is obvious that the Internet should not be
regulated under zoning laws written long
            before the Web was even dreamed of."
            ENI was also in federal court last year during an
unsuccessful attempt to get permission to Webcast
            the execution of Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh (news
- web sites).
            Tampa officials said a lower court may still issue a ruling
on other parts of the case.
            "The Court's determination not to hear this case does not
mean the case is over," said Assistant City
            Attorney Jerry Gewirtz. Gewirtz said the city will abide by
any court rulings.

@_date: 2002-02-26 20:39:03
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Some southerners jus' need killin': Georgia tries to censor 
Georgia attacks violent-game sales
            Mon Feb 18, 1:43 PM ET
            By Trey Walker, ZDNet News
            Four lawmakers in Georgia submitted a bill yesterday that
would make it a criminal offense
            to sell or furnish violent interactive video games to
                                The bill, known as the Violent Video
Game Protection Act, would make it
                                a misdemeanor offense to sell games that
contain depictions of graphic
                                violence as determined by the
Entertainment Software Rating Board
                                (ESRB) to anyone under 18.

@_date: 2002-02-27 00:40:47
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: bovines of mass destruction 
FBI agents tells Missouri farmers to keep alert for terrorism
  By Tim Higgins
  Associated Press Writer
  02/26/2002 03:23 PM
  JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) -- Farmers are the nation's first line of
defense against terrorist
  attacks on the food supply through contamination of crops or
livestock, an FBI agent told
  Missouri farmers Tuesday.
  David Cudmore, Kansas City coordinator of the FBI's unit in charge of
fighting weapons of
  mass destruction, told a Missouri Farm Bureau conference that farmers
must be alert to
  suspicious developments.
  ``If you suspect something, report it and tell them why: 'There's
something weird with my
  crops. They're turning a color I've never seen before,''' Cudmore
  Beyond wiping out a herd, the deliberate exposure of animals to a
biological agent such as
  foot-and-mouth disease would hurt the nation's economy and send waves
of fear across the
  country, Cudmore said.
  He said it would be easy for a person to bring a piece of infected
material into the United
  States and spread it to livestock.
  ``If a person takes a rag, puts it on the nose of a cow with
foot-and-mouth disease, then puts
  it in his pocket, keeps it wet, gets on a plane, flies over to the
Midwest -- if he just shook a
  farmer's hand, boom!'' Cudmore said.
  Cudmore said he was more worried about biological attacks against
agriculture than
  anthrax attacks against people.
  Still, the FBI in Kansas City has responded to 45 anthrax scares,
Cudmore said. No person
  has been charged with a crime.
  Anthrax was discovered last fall at a Kansas City postal facility.
About 250 people were
  advised to take antibiotics as a precaution but no one became ill, and
the facility reopened
  after two weeks.
  Authorities field a lot of calls about nothing more than a white
powdery substance on a
  kitchen counter or garage floor, Cudmore said.
  He told farmers that if they detect something amiss, they should first
try to gather
  information about it.
  ``If you can't figure out the explanation for why something is going
on, you've got to report it,''
  Cudmore said.
And cover those udders!  You're embarressing Ashcroft!

@_date: 2002-02-28 01:50:08
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Interesting new cipher patent 
Cipher mixer with random number generator
                                                       Abstract
An encryption device has a random number generator whose output is
combined by exclusive-or with plaintext input which has been encrypted
by a first block cipher. The combined exclusive-or output is encrypted
with a second block cipher mechanism which produces a second enciphered
output. The output of the random number generator is also encrypted by a
third block cipher mechanism which produces a third enciphered output.
The first and second block cipher mechanisms differ from each other.
United States Patent
February 26, 2002

@_date: 2002-02-28 17:14:20
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Re: Recruiting Agents 
Quoth John Young:
 >the nation. I said maybe.
As John has said, many of the enemies of the US claim to legitimately
represent it.
Many are found along the Potomac.
And what John is doing *is* protecting the nation.  Esp from those
domestic enemies
of the constitution.

@_date: 2002-03-22 20:57:37
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: DEA censors on crack 
Notes on includes a poorly redacted .PDF containing at least two inconsistently
redacted US Agents' names
and at least three cases of US citizen SSNs being included.  Also a
reference to an unmarked
DEA financial snooping office above a bank in Florida.  Fascinating

@_date: 2002-03-20 17:58:53
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Supremes likely to suspend 4th amendment 
Drug Tests at Schools Argued at High Court
Choice excerpts:
"If there's a [drug] problem of a serious sort,
why can't they do this?" Breyer asked a lawyer
for the American Civil Liberties Union.
Because of the 4th Amendment and its ban on
"unreasonable searches and seizures" by the
government, replied the lawyer, Graham Boyd of New Haven, Conn.
The requirement of "individualized suspicion" is a figment of the past,
Breyer suggested, especially
when the police are not involved.

@_date: 2002-03-20 17:07:31
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Press sues Utah gov for shredding his email 
Listrelev: accountability, email vs. paper, disappearing ink
News Organizations Sue Utah Governor for Deleting His E-Mail, Contending
                          It Is Public Record
                          The Associated Press
                         Published: Mar 20, 2002
  SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Four news organizations have sued Gov. Mike
Leavitt, contending he is illegally
destroying his e-mail.
Leavitt's deletion of electronic documents amounts to destroying public
records, the lawsuit filed Tuesday contends.
The governor is "depriving the public of its constitutional right of
access to information concerning the conduct of the public's business,"
The Salt Lake Tribune, Salt Lake City Weekly and television stations
KUTV and KTVX said.
Leavitt spokeswoman Natalie Gochnour said the governor had not had time
to review the lawsuit, but, "We believe we are abiding by the law. We
basically view e-mail much like a conversation."
In 1998, a federal judge ruled that the White House cannot erase
computer files, including e-mail, without first announcing its
intentions and giving researchers at the National Archives time to
The Utah dispute started last year when the Tribune asked for paper and
digital correspondence from the governor's office concerning
congressional redistricting.
Leavitt's lawyer, Gary Doxey, turned down the request and said he
advised the governor to routinely destroy e-mails, many of which Doxey
said were personal.
The governor told The Tribune in November that he deleted all his e-mail
after three days.
"It's something I decided several years ago after conferring with my
counsel," Leavitt said. "In this job, I just deal with too many
sensitive issues."
City Weekly Managing Editor Christopher Smart said the demand that
Leavitt save official records is "common sense and reasonable. ... It's
clear we don't seek to know about his personal communications."
Rebecca Daugherty of The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press in
Arlington, Va., said whether the e-mail should be preserved depends on
its content.
"If these are records that have to do with conduct of government, they
ought to be preserved the same way paper records are preserved,"
Daugherty said. She said it wouldn't apply to a governor's e-mail asking
a staffer to bring him or her a cup of coffee.

@_date: 2002-03-19 20:29:24
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: GATTACA: can't sell urine on Inet in South Carolina 
Maybe too many of their legislators were sipping it?
Taking the piss is banned in South Carolina
                      By Drew Cullen
                      Posted: 03/18/2002 at 18:03 EST
                      Taking the piss from online vendors is officially
banned in the South Carolina,
                      following a Supreme Court (yes, Supreme Court!)
                      In 1999, the state of South Carolina passed a law
making the sale of (human,
                      we guess) urine online verboten, to the dismay of
local online bladder
                      merchant Kenneth Curtis.
                      He has sold his urine, through Privacy Protection
Services, since 1996. The
                      piss purveyor guarantees the samples, costing $69
a shot, are drug free and
                      throws in a small pouch, tubing and something
called a "warming packet" with
                      each sale. Bargain.
Listrelev: biometrics, spoofing, govt sales reg

@_date: 2002-03-19 18:22:28
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: US sued for lying 
U.S. Deceit at Issue Before Supreme Court
Law: The plaintiff says officials are liable for alleged lies about her
husband's plight before he
died in Guatemala.
By DAVID G. SAVAGE, TIMES STAFF WRITER
WASHINGTON -- A lawyer for President Bush on Monday
defended alleged lying by the Clinton administration in a Supreme
Court case that centers on whether government officials can be sued if
they lie to cover up crucial facts.
The case has nothing to do with Paula Corbin Jones or Monica S.
Lewinsky but instead concerns the Clinton administration's support for
the Guatemalan military. It also marked one of the rare instances in
which the victim of alleged government wrongdoing argued her own
case in the high court.
"The government
cannot engage in
intentional deceit
in order to
prevent [you]
from going to a
court of law,"
Jennifer Harbury,
a lawyer and
widow of a
guerrilla fighter,
told the justices.
For more than a
decade, Harbury
has carried on a one-woman crusade against
U.S. policy in Central America. In 1991, she met and married Guatemalan
rebel Efrain Bamaca
listrelev: bigbro, govt deceipt, govt secrecy, govt accountability

@_date: 2002-03-01 19:20:55
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Bugging religious college radio stations 
The infiltration begins:
Listening device discovered in the QC office
by Rebecca Wolf, QC Managing Editor
A maintenance worker discovered an electronic eavesdropping device
inside an electrical outlet behind a sofa in the
Quaker Campus (QC) newspaper office Thursday, Feb. 21.
Maintenance searched all outlets and light switches in the QC on Monday,
Feb. 25 and on Tuesday, Feb. 26, the outlets in
the Student Union and the offices of the Council of Representatives
(COR), the Acropolis and Whittier College Radio were
searched. Director of Student Activities Barnaby Peake also searched the
phones in the QC office on Wednesday, but no
other devices were found.
There are no suspects or leads as to who placed the device or why it was
"As far as I know, this is the first bug confirmed in a student
newspaper office," Mike Heistand of the Student Press Law
Center based in Washington D.C. said in the College Media Advisors
online message board.
The maintenance department and the Security and Spy Outlet store in
Puente Hills believed the device was homemade
using parts bought at a local store and took no more than 10 minutes to
install inside the QC. However, Private Investigator
Thomas Barnes of Thomas Barnes and Associates in Whittier said that the
device was too intricate to be homemade.
"[The device] works like a mini FM radio station," said an employee of
the spy outlet store, who wished to be identified only
as "Paul." "Whoever built it could have been listening live or could
have set up a tape recorder to record everything to listen
to later."
According to Paul, the device was designed to last no more than a year
because the individual components would burn out.
He tested the device at the store but it did not work, and he believes
the device was not functioning at the time it was
"We dont yet know why that device was there," said Barnes, a retired
detective. "There would be no lawful reason, because
anything recorded would not be admissible [in court] ... its definitely
The Whittier Police Department (W.P.D.) was called to the scene on
Monday but initially chose not to file a report because
of a lack of any real leads. However, after pressure from local
councilman Bob Henderson, W.P.D. Chief David Singer said
that there would be an investigation into why a report was not initially
filed. "Whenever a crime appears to have occurred, a
report should be taken," Singer said. "We will investigate what occurred
with whether a report should have been taken."
Assistant Chief of Campus Safety John Lewis later took the bug to the
W.P.D. and a report was filed Wednesday night.
Singer said he did not know what could be done in the investigation of
the bug at this time.
"Without a doubt the W.P.D. should have filed a report," Barnes said.
"This is not a civil case; this is a criminal case."
Hiestand said that installing a bug in a private area is illegal in
California, and there is a federal law that prohibits
government intrusion into newsrooms. "Clearly what has happened here is
reprehensible," Heistand said.
"This is a violation of our rights on innumerable levels," junior QC
Editor-in-Chief Amy Stice said. "Not only does it infringe
on our rights as a free press, but also as human beings entitled to a
right to privacy. Weve been threatened, and at a level
we find impossible to comprehend."
President Katherine Haley Will was off-campus at a conference this week
and could not be reached for comment. Assistant
Dean of Students Tracy Poon-Tambascia believes the bug was placed by
someone who had more than a casual conflict
with the newspaper. "This is a level of sophistication beyond general
tension," Tambascia said.
"Whoever installed the device wanted to monitor [the QCs] activity for
a long period of time. They wanted to keep tabs on
who [the QC] was talking to and probably wanted to neutralize stories
before they came out," Barnes said.
Campus Safety believes the device could have been placed in the QC
office by a group wanting to know the stories the
newspaper planned to publish, an ex-girlfriend or ex-boyfriend of a
former employee, or even by a former reporter who
wanted to scoop another reporter on a story.
The devices locationbehind the sofais the location for staff
conferences. According to QC Advisor Gary Libman, that
area of the office has been a meeting area for the staff since he has
been its advisor, which has been for 17 years.
The QC walls were painted last August and the paint seal was broken by
Armando Renteria, the maintenance electrician,
when he removed the device, indicating the device has been in the wall
at least since August. Campus Safety and Paul
estimate the device to be a few years old because of the size of the
components and the dust collected on it. Newer devices
are smaller in size and can transmit farther. The outlet that the device
was installed on is a newer model that was not sold
until the 1990s, according to Renteria.
Renteria was called to the QC office to fix a light table that had
broken earlier in the year. When Renteria checked the outlet
that the light table was plugged into, he found that the two main wires
to the outlet were switched. Renteria then pulled the
outlet out and found the bugging device connected to it.
When told of the device, Libman recalled that an issue of the QC was
stolen from news stands 15 months ago. "I think these
things are a matter of great concern," Libman said.
Approximately 1,200 newspapers were stolen of the Nov. 30, 2000 issue.
Lewis said that he did not see a connection
between the two events nor did he believe that "this is part of a
grander scheme."
"There isnt any evidence that there are more devices," Tambascia said.
"Our assumption is that this is the only device. ... I
dont know that we can do more. If more were found, it [would] feed into
a sense of urgencybut that wasnt the case."
A sense of urgency was felt by Council of Representatives (COR)
President Jess Craven, who contacted Barnes. Craven
said that the device did not just concern the newspaper but every
student on campus. "The privacy of students was
compromised and not taken seriously enough," Craven said. "It needed a
second look and thats what it got."
Craven said a second look was neccessary because the device was built
for long-term use, a hard-wire assembly that was
connected to the buildings power. Other devices that are
battery-operated are available but only last a few weeks before
needing a replacement battery.
Paul said that the device could transmit up to two to three miles away.
However, Associate Plant Director of Whittier
College Bruce Lussier said the device was a High Frequency (HF) device
and probably had a range of 200-300 feet.
Lussier is an amateur radio operator with a technicians license.
"The further the range, the more difficult it is when considering where
to search," Lewis said. "We want to take a measured
approach to this."
According to Campus Safety Chief Bernard Alex, this is the first
electronic eavesdropping device of this type found on
"Ive worked at schools and universities for 15 years and was in the
military for 25, and I have never seen anything like this,"
Lussier said.

@_date: 2002-03-01 01:48:18
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Connie 'Sleeze' Chung watches Pearl Video 
"We are all special objects ---at *least* as special as news whore
Pearl talks about Jewish heritage,
government on captors' video
                                             KARACHI, Pakistan (CNN) --
                                             American journalist Daniel
                                             discussed his Jewish
heritage and
                                             made propaganda statements,
                                             apparent duress, on a
                                             produced videotape that
                                             contained violent footage
of his death.
                                             CNN Correspondent Connie
                                             viewed a copy of the
videotape Tuesday.
                                             The tape included a direct
threat to target
                                             other Americans if the
demands of Pearl's
                                             kidnappers aren't met.
                                             The original videotape was
sent to
                                             Pakistani authorities last
week, who
                                             turned it over to U.S.
officials. The copy,
                                             which lasted three minutes
and 15
                 seconds, was more than 30 seconds shorter than the
original videotape, but
                 sources authenticated it as consistent with the
                 The tape began with the Wall Street Journal reporter
saying, "My name is
                 Daniel Pearl. I'm a Jewish-American. My father is
Jewish. My mother is
                 Jewish. I am a Jew." Then, looking at the camera, he
recounted numerous
                 family visits to Israel and noted that a street in a
town in Israel was named after
                 his great-grandfather, who was one of the founders of
the town.
                 Pearl's kidnappers had accused him of being an agent
for the CIA and for the
                 Mossad, Israel's intelligence agency. The Wall Street
Journal and the U.S.
                 government adamantly denied that he was a spy.
                 Following the discussion of Pearl's heritage, there
                 was a clear edit in the tape. Pearl can be seen
                 looking at the camera and struggling to make
                 statements from memory.
                 "Not knowing anything about my situation, not
                 being able to communicate with anybody, and
                 only now do I think about some of the people in
                 Guantanamo Bay. They must be in a similar
                 situation, and I have come to realize that this is
                 the sort of problem that Americans are going to
                 have anywhere in the world now," he said.
                 Among the demands Pearl's kidnappers had
                 made is that Pakistani nationals being held by the
                 U.S. military at the Guantanamo Bay base in
                 Cuba be released. The detainees are associated
                 with the al Qaeda network and the deposed
                 Taliban government of Afghanistan.
                 Pearl then looked off camera and makes this
                 statement: "We can't be secure, we can't walk
                 around free, as long as our government policies
                 are continuing and we allow them to continue."
                 There is another clear edit in the tape, and Pearl
                 then is shown saying, "We as Americans cannot
                 continue to bear the consequences of our
                 government's actions, such as the unconditional
                 support of the state of Israel."
                 In the tape, Pearl does not appear to have been
                 beaten. In some segments, his hair is mussed,
                 while in others, it is slicked back.
                 The section of the videotape where Pearl is seen
                 speaking lasts about 90 seconds. As he speaks,
                 pictures of bodies and funerals and words, such
                 as "Afghanistan," are superimposed on the
                 screen.
                 According to Chung, that portion of the tape is
                 then followed by a 50-second section containing
                 graphic scenes of violence against Pearl.
                 "I will not describe [the violent scenes] out of
                 respect to Daniel Pearl and his family," Chung
                 said.
                 Other sources who have viewed the tape said
                 the it shows Pearl being stabbed and
                 decapitated, although it is unclear whether he
                 was still alive at the time. His body has not been
                 found.
                 After the violence sequence, a picture of Pearl appears
on the tape with a title
                 -- National Movement for the Restoration of Pakistan's
Sovereignty --
                 superimposed on the screen. That group claimed
responsibility for Pearl's
                 kidnapping.
                 The group's demands then scroll from the bottom to the
top of the screen,
                 including demands that Pakistanis at Guantanamo be
released, that the U.S.
                 presence in Pakistan end and that F-16 fighters --
which Pakistan purchased
                 from the United States but never received -- be
                 The tape ends with a threat that if these demands
aren't met, what happened to
                 Pearl could happen to other Americans in Pakistan.

@_date: 2002-03-01 01:29:13
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Project 7 Militia busted 
KALISPELL, Mont.   A Montana militia group with an arsenal of weapons
planned large-scale assassinations as the first step to an escalating
confrontation they hoped would lead to a war with the federal
government, local authorities said Wednesday.
"We found weapons, ammunition, survival equipment, booby traps, body
armor, explosive, bomb-making equipment, you name it," Flathead County
Sheriff Jim Dupont said. "It all certainly supports the theory that
there was going to be big trouble. The last I heard, it didn't take
30,000 rounds of ammo to kill a turkey."
The militia group, Dupont said, hoped to kill enough judges, prosecutors
and law enforcement officers to force the state to call in the National
Guard. The plan was then to kill enough National Guard troops to catch
the federal government's attention, setting off an unchecked escalation.
"We're pretty sure they were planning on assassinating as many cops and
public officials as possible," he said.
Dupont said charges were expected, though it was unclear how many people
belong to the organization. He said he planned to meet with federal
prosecutors Friday to determine whether federal conspiracy laws apply.
The militia group also collected "intelligence files" on the targeted
officials and their families, who included Dupont's own name and those
of a county attorney, police chiefs, district judges, various deputies
and police officers and some of their relatives, the sheriff said.
"They had these information sheets, actual forms printed out from a
computer," Dupont said. "They had officers' names, addresses, places
they eat, places they shop, stuff about their kids. They even had
information on what medications one guy's wife was taking."
The group, called Project Seven, was headed by 38-year-old
Dave Burgert, who was arrested earlier this month after an
armed standoff that lasted nearly seven hours, Dupont
Burgert had been awaiting trial on charges he assaulted a
police officer in January 2001. He also faced charges of
obstructing a police officer in a November 2001 incident.
Burgert faked his own death and disappeared as a judge was ordering him
to be taken off house arrest and placed in jail, Dupont said. He was
nabbed after an informant member of Project Seven led officers to the
home of Tracy Brockway, where Burgert was hiding out.
Brockway, 32, is charged with obstruction of justice for harboring
Burgert. She also is suspected of using her job as a cleaning woman at
the Whitefish Police Department to gather information about officers and
their families.
Burgert and Brockway remain jailed.
Dupont said there is some question "whether this was a wide conspiracy
or just Burgert."
Mark Potok, editor of the Southern Poverty Law Center's intelligence
report, said that it seemed unlikely Project Seven was a large
Instead, Potok said, it seemed more like a case of "classic leaderless
resistance," in which a handful of disgruntled people operate without
any leadership or coordination with a network.
The center, which compiles information on hate groups and extremist
organizations around the country, has never even heard of Project Seven,
he said.
"We don't know of any big underground army operating up there, or
anything like that," Potok told FOXNews.com in a telephone interview
from his offices in Montgomery, Ala. "I think the likelihood is very
much that this might not be more than the two people they arrested."
Dupont said some answers may be on a computer seized at Brockway's
house, with much of the information encrypted, although the woman has
provided a password to decode some of the information.
The sheriff said the computer files could lead to additional charges
against Burgert, as well as conspiracy charges against at least four
other area residents believed to be members of Project Seven.
The militia's name refers to license plates in Flathead County, which
all begin with the number seven. A similar cell, called Project 56, is
believed to be operating in adjacent Lincoln County.
Dupont said the plate-based cells each have about 10 members who are
linked by a "mother cell" that serves as a communications hub.
The sheriff said his information came from the very reliable informant.
"Nothing he's told us has not come true," he said.

@_date: 2002-03-01 18:44:05
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Catholic Taliban spews on the Net 
Tell Galileo Galilei about free expression of truth, bub.
an absolute,
The irony of the Vatican Taliban decrying sources of absolutes and
oh, that's right ---*competing* sources.  Never mind.

@_date: 2002-03-19 19:35:23
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: How not to defend yourself against hacking charges 
Accused eBay hacker Jerome
Heckenkamp is
                                         back behind bars tonight, after
his first solo court
                    appearance in front of his trial judge took an odd
                    During what was to be a routine proceeding to set
future court dates,
                    Heckenkamp challenged the indictment against him on
the grounds that it spells
                    his name, Jerome T. Heckenkamp, in all capital
letters, while he spells it with
                    the first letter capitalized, and subsequent letters
in lower case.
                    Last week, Heckenkamp, 22, fired attorney Jennifer
Granick, and co-counsel
                    Marjorie Allard, in order to personally defend
himself against two federal
                    grand jury indictments charging that he cracked
computers at eBay, Lycos,
                    Exodus Communications, and other companies in 1999.
It was the second
                    time Heckenkamp fired his lawyers -- in January, he
had a federal magistrate
                    appoint him as his own counsel, only to change his
mind the same day.
                    At Monday's appearance, Judge James Ware seemed
initially perplexed by
                    Heckenkamp's challenge, and spent some time
explaining the nature of the
                    proceedings. Finally, he advised Heckenkamp to take
it up in front of a jury
                    when he goes to trial. "I cannot help but comment
that you have substituted out
                    a capable attorney," the judge added.
                    Heckenkamp went on to demand that he be immediately
allowed to take the
                    stand and testify, and was again rebuffed by Ware,
who noted that the
                    appearance was not a hearing or a trial.
                    The computer whiz then asked the court to identify
the plaintiff in the case.
                    Ware explained that the United States was the
plaintiff, and was represented
                    by assistant U.S. attorney Ross Nadel. Heckenkamp
said he wanted to
                    subpoena Nadel's "client" to appear in court, and
Ware asked him who,
                    exactly, he wanted to bring into the courtroom.
                    When Heckenkamp replied, "The United States of
America," Ware ordered
                    him taken into custody.
                    "The comments that you are making to the court lead
me to suspect that either
                    you are playing games with the court, or you're
experiencing a serious lack of
                    judgment," said Ware. The judge added that he was no
longer satisfied that
                    Heckenkamp would make his future court appearances.
                    Heckenkamp had been free on $50,000 bail, and living
under electronic
                    monitoring -- prohibited by court order from using
cell phones, the Internet,
                    computers, video games and fax machines.
                    Before two deputy U.S. marshals hauled Heckenkamp
away, he threatened
                    legal action against the judge. "I will hold you
personally liable," he said. "I will
                    seek damages for every hour that I'm in custody."
                    In a telephone interview after the appearance,
Heckenkamp's father, Thomas
                    Heckenkamp, said his son is only trying to protect
his rights . "They've
                    overstepped their bounds, and they're keeping him
from defending himself," he
                    said.
                    Heckenkamp's next court appearance in San Jose is
scheduled for April 8th.
                    Trial in a related case in San Diego is set for
April 23rd.

@_date: 2002-03-20 23:39:32
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: state censorship, copyright: My Life, in Arabic 
The Arabic Translation of Hitler's anti-Semitic manifesto Mein
                 Kampf, which has been a bestseller in the Palestinian
territories for
                 some time, has begun to turn up in bookshops in London
where they
                 are said to be selling well. The London Telegraph
quotes a local
                 bookstore clerk in an area heavily populated by Arabs
as saying,
                 "People are interested in it." The Telegraph notes that
the Bavarian
                 state government in Germany, which holds the book's
copyright, has
                 tried to stop its publication around the world. But the
Arabic version,
                 with a picture of Hitler and a swastika on its cover,
became the sixth
                 best selling book in areas controlled by the
Palestinian authority.
To those who gripe about posting list-relevant news clips: what is the
You might not have encountered these bits -they're not all slashdot
They are relevant to the list.  Occasionally they draw a response;
an interesting conversation.  But hey, its your killfile.

@_date: 2002-04-12 19:02:30
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: USGov censorship of domain names + content 
This is precisely why some of us distrust the USG's involvement in any
naming scheme.  They
intend to decide "acceptable" content and applications, and to require
full true-name IDs (DNA too?) on
Oppressive regimes always license the printing presses and xerox
Will they also control any permutation of .kids, and any
typewriter-hamming-distance perturbation,
just in case users misspell things?
Other additions in the bill call for collection of detailed contact data
from operators of dot-kids sites
       and the right to pull the plug on the domain or transfer
oversight to another company if it isn't working
       out as planned.
Right now, the legislation calls for Washington, D.C.-based NeuStar to
oversee .kids.us, a
       second-level domain within .us. The legislation's supporters
originally hoped to create a separate .kids
       domain that would function as a top-level domain similar to .com
or .org. However, the Internet
       Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN (news - web
sites)), which oversees
       administration of such domains, put the kibosh on the proposal.
Some legislators need their "plugs pulled", with extreme prejudice.

@_date: 2002-04-12 16:34:23
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: power punks (was Tesla) 
Hard to believe one has to explain this, but:
You can send electricity far without losing much to resistive losses
if you crank the voltage up.  There are some HV DC lines actually
used today, between major grids, IIRC.  But AC, unlike DC, is readily
to different voltages via simple, passive transformers.  So you send it
at high voltage, down convert at the local substation, and down convert
further at the pole pigs on your street.  That's why AC won.
The higher the AC frequency the more you lose to radiation --the US's
60 Hz broadcasts more than the UK's 50 Hz.  Airplanes use 400 Hz,
so they can save weight by using smaller transformers --the higher the
the smaller the transformer can be.

@_date: 2002-04-11 22:06:35
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: The right to control what you see: digitally removed adverts = 
[Ed: will these building-owners sue Steve Mann when he wears his goggles
which eliminate
advertising? ]
NEW YORK (AP) - The owners of several Times Square buildings have filed
a lawsuit against the makers of the upcoming "Spider-Man" movie for
digitally altering a sign appearing in the motion picture.
In a lawsuit filed in Manhattan federal court, the owners of 2 Times
Square allege that Columbia Pictures digitally replaced a Samsung
advertisement on the side of the building with one for USA Today. The
sign appears three times in the film, according to court papers.
Samsung is a competitor of Sony, which owns Columbia Pictures.
"We think it's inappropriate to substitute your own image for the one
that exists," Anthony Costantini, a lawyer for building owners Sherwood
48 Associates, told the Daily News in Thursday's editions.
Heidi Henderson, a spokeswoman for USA Today, said the paper was not
paid for having its name appear in the movie; she said the filmmakers
simply picked the newspaper's logo to place on the building.

@_date: 2002-04-10 16:24:11
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: LATimes misuse of 'hacker' for saboteur 
[Unfortunate that a paper llike the Times would confusing hacking and
simple sabotage by a fired
sysop.  Since "lost time" is part of the damages, why isn't spam
Hacker Gets 16 Months for Crashing Firm's Computers
  By JEAN GUCCIONE, TIMES STAFF WRITER
A disgruntled former employee was sentenced
Tuesday to 16 months in state prison and
ordered to pay $50,000 in restitution for
hacking into a defense contractor's computer
and crashing the system.
In February 2000, a month after being fired,
Oganesyan tapped into H.R. Textron's computer
and caused the system to crash for a day,
said Deputy Dist. Atty. Jonathan Fairtlough.
Seven hundred employees at company offices in Valencia, Pacoima and Ohio
were unable to use their computers, causing $211,000 in lost labor
costs, Fairtlough said.

@_date: 2002-04-09 22:23:43
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: link wars: authors' guild think Used Books = Napstering 
Authors Guild to Members: De-Link Amazon.com
NEW YORK (AP) - Angered at Amazon.com for offering used editions of
current books, the Authors Guild is urging members to remove links on
their Web sites to the online retailer.
"Amazon's practice does damage to the publishing industry, decreasing
royalty payments to authors and profits to publishers," the Guild said
in a statement Tuesday.
"We believe it is in our members' best interests to de-link their Web
sites from Amazon. There's no good reason for authors to be complicit in
undermining their own sales. It just takes a minute, and it's the right
thing to do."
The Guild urged members to link their sites to Barnesandnoble.com and,
"especially," BookSense.com, the online site for independent
Amazon, which began selling used copies of new books in November 2000,
defended its policy Tuesday.
"It encourages customers to explore authors or genres they might not
otherwise try because of the price," said spokeswoman Patty Smith. "That
ends up helping authors and publishers."

@_date: 2002-04-09 22:19:46
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: 1st amendment, intellectual freedom, university intimidation in 
What about freedom of speech? Holt was asked.
"What about it?" the law professor responded.
(Some law profs need killing...)
WASHINGTON, April 8 (UPI) -- Two University of Alabama professors say an
attempt is being made to
intimidate them for opposing mandatory campus "diversity" training
Allegations will be brought before a panel of the Faculty Senate that
the professors "interacted" with state
lawmakers in Montgomery "to attempt to lessen the Legislative
appropriation which the University receives,"
wrote law professor Wythe W. Holt Jr., co-chairman of the senate's
Faculty Life Committee in a widely
disseminated March 22 letter to his colleagues.
In a phone interview, United Press International asked Holt for the
identity of those who planned to bring the
allegations before the committee. "That's none of your business," he
Civil rights historian David T. Beito, one of the professors against
whom the allegations will be brought,
joked that mandatory First Amendment training for faculty would be more
appropriate. "Of course, that's a
contradiction in terms," he said.

@_date: 2002-04-09 17:09:43
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Teaching contempt of authority in mandatory youth education 
"I don't want to live in a country
where I can be searched without grounds just because someone
suddenly decides it's OK."
The plan has divided this remote ranching town of 2,900 residents
between those who think "suspicionless" testing is a small price to pay
and those who decry it as a government Gestapo tactic. Students
complain that the entire debate demonstrates how little adults trust
to do what's right.
"I didn't realize the 4th Amendment gives kids the right to do illegal
things," he [school district
gestapo McDonald] said.
Drug Tests for Entire School Weighed

@_date: 2002-04-08 21:44:09
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: RE: mil disinfo on cryptome 
engaged in
     analysis, discussion, or publication of material on intelligence,
     foreign affairs, or protected technology.<<
However Faustine neglects to include the simple solution, that you
renounce playing with Johnny:
     b. The individual terminates the employment or discontinues the
activity upon
     being notified that it is in conflict with his or her security
More interestingly, s/he neglects to include this disqualifier from
State Secrets:
Conditions that could raise a security concern and may be disqualifying
     d. Involvement in activities which unlawfully advocate or practice
     commission of acts of force or violence to prevent others from
     their rights under the Constitution or laws of the United States or
of any state.<<
How many Congressvermin, police w/ NCIS access, FBI, judges, domestic
spooks of all flavors, etc are guilty of this?

@_date: 2002-04-11 16:59:27
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Bill Stewart is an alpha cat? 
Quoth Bill:
 >>--Tim May
 >>"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat."
 >>Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11
You mean *you're* not their alpha?  You can learn to flatten your ears
if you practice,
and you might be able to raise the hair on the back of your neck with
Perhaps your cats see you as needing to perceive structure, so in front
of you they act
deferentially towards one of theirs.  A ruse for the benefit of the
benevolent feeder.
 >Cats just don't have that problem, even groups of cats that do have an
alpha cat.
The actual meaning, less succintly phrased, is that those who define
themselves by their
position in a hierarchical organizational chart cannot conceive of a
social structure
(such as a discussion group) which is without a leader.  The
"cypherpunks movement" fnord and all that.
(If there is a "cp movement", it is the raising of the middle finger
above the closed fist, in the direction
of oppression.)
Have you heard the news?
The dogs are dead!
You better stay home
And do as you're told.
Get out of the road if you want to grow old.

@_date: 2002-05-16 22:57:04
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: AP: nuances of threats 
Court: Abortion Activists Created 'True Threat'
                     By DAVID KRAVETS, Associated Press Writer
                     SAN FRANCISCO -- A federal appeals court reversed
                     today and ruled that anti-abortion activists who
created Wild
                     West-style posters and a Web site condemning
abortion doctors can
                     be held liable because their works amounted to
illegal threats, not free
                     speech.
                     However, the sharply divided 9th U.S. Circuit Court
of Appeals
                     ordered a lower-court judge to reduce the $108.5
million in punitive
                     damages a Portland, Ore., jury awarded to four
doctors who sued the
                     abortion foes.
                     At issue was whether the posters and Web sites
violated a 1994
                     federal law that makes it illegal to incite
violence and threaten abortion
                     doctors. In its 6-5 decision, the appeals court
called the works a "true
                     threat."
                     The same court had come to an opposite decision
last year. Many
                     members of Congress and others had said if the
court's original ruling
                     were allowed to stand, the Freedom of Access to
Clinic Entrances
                     Act would be gutted.
                     The anti-abortion activists had depicted various
doctors on Old
                     West-style wanted posters passed out at rallies and
on a Web site
                     called the "Nuremberg Files," which listed abortion
providers' names and addresses and declared
                     them guilty of crimes against humanity. The name of
Dr. Barnett Slepian was crossed off the list
                     after he was killed by a sniper's bullet at his
home near Buffalo, N.Y., in 1998.
                     Four doctors, claiming they feared for their lives,
sued under racketeering laws and the 1994 law.
                     And a federal jury found in 1999 that the Web site
and some of the posters amounted to threats
                     to kill.
                     The anti-abortion activists had argued the posters
were protected under the First Amendment
                     because they were merely a list of doctors and
clinics that they hoped to put on trial some day,
                     just as Nazi war criminals were at Nuremberg.
                     The appeals court today, however, disagreed.
                     Circuit Judge Pamela Ann Rymer wrote that there was
substantial evidence the posters were
                     distributed to intimidate doctors. Holding the
abortion foes accountable "does not impinge on
                     legitimate protest or advocacy," Rymer wrote.
                     In a dissent, Circuit Judge Alex Kozinski wrote
that "the evidence in the record does not support
                     a finding that defendants threatened plaintiffs."
                     The appeals court instructed the trial judge to
reconsider the $108.5 million in punitive damages in
                     light of the court's 2001 ruling in the Exxon
Valdez case.
                     In that case, the 9th Circuit said that the $5
billion punitive damages verdict against Exxon for the
                     1989 oil spill in Alaska was excessive. It said
that for every dollar in compensatory damages
                     awarded, the judge should allocate about $4 in
punitive damages.
                     In the abortion case, a jury awarded $12 million in
compensatory damages, but nine times as
                     much in punitive damages, well beyond the ratio
specified in the Exxon Valdez ruling.
                     Among the defendants was Michael Bray of Bowie,
Md., author of a book that justifies killing
                     doctors to stop abortions. Bray went to prison from
1985 to 1989 for his role in arson attacks
                     and bombings of seven clinics.
                     The case was widely seen as a test of a Supreme
Court ruling that said a threat must be explicit
                     and likely to cause "imminent lawless action."
                     During the trial, U.S. District Judge Robert Jones
had told the jury the posters and Web site
                     should be considered threats if they could be taken
as such by a "reasonable person." Jones also
                     had instructed the jury to consider the history of
violence in the anti-abortion movement, including
                     the slayings of Slepian and two other doctors whose
names had appeared on the list.

@_date: 2002-05-16 15:46:19
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Re: Cow Obscenity and Pornography 
What does this law say about computer-generated images of farm animals?

@_date: 2002-05-14 16:35:04
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: burbclave tech 
TCM Wrote:
Hmm.  My OC burbclave just installed a laser-barcode scanner to admit
(The barcodes are discrete black on black in the visible and work in the
in my night vision device the barcode is quite visible.)
I haven't seen pizza-carrying teens use dupes of the barcodes to skate
but its possible...

@_date: 2002-05-13 22:30:03
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Brinworld: residents use UAV to bust County for eco violations 
Folks around Trabuco Canyon insist they're not
                   rebellious by nature. It's just that the stakes are
                   in their fight against a neighbor who bulldozed four
                   acres of oaks and coastal sage scrub without state
                   and federal permits.
                   To assess the extent of the grading, they hired a
                   biologist to videotape the work. After all, the
                   residents said, the area was possible habitat for
                   endangered or threatened species. But the biologist
                   was shooed off the property.
                   Undaunted, the residents borrowed an idea from
                   the war in Afghanistan and hired Larry Fleming,
                   who strapped a 35-millimeter camera to a
                   remote-controlled model airplane and flew it over
                   what residents consider a battle zone. The images
                   were not CIA quality, but residents were happy
                   with their "reconnaissance drone." And they
                   succeeded in getting the grading stopped.

@_date: 2002-06-14 20:41:12
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: spouse-spying software -d.i.r.t.@home? 
Looks like someone else is selling a trojan for paranoid monogamists:
With 128-bit encryption, even... yawn

@_date: 2002-08-16 15:51:05
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: ECrimes document clueless on 802.11b 
Stand-Alone and Laptop Computer Evidence
d. Check for outside connectivity (e.g., telephone modem, cable,
ISDN, DSL). If a telephone connection is present, attempt to
identify the telephone number.
"Better bombing through chemistry."
 -John Pike, director of Globalsecurity.org
 on use of speed by US pilots

@_date: 2002-08-14 18:46:32
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Chicago posts names, addresses on 'net, "promises to remove" 
story at: Identities at:
The best part: Chicago says: "individuals will be removed from this
However, the list will not be removed, as the Net Memory is Long.
The Chicago office of Blacknet LLC seeks the names, addresses, etc. of
responsible bureaucrats.
"Better bombing through chemistry."
 -John Pike, director of Globalsecurity.org
 on use of speed by US pilots

@_date: 2002-08-13 22:25:25
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Polio, DES Crack, and Proofs of Concept 
In the most recent _Science_ some biologists gripe that the scientists
who synthesized infectious
poliovirus from its description were not doing anything novel, just a
"prank".  Any biologist
would have known that, since you could concatenate nucleotide strings,
and since polio needs nothing
besides DNA (eg no enzymes) to be infectious, obviously you can synth
This is *remarkably* similar to cognescenti reactions to the DES Crack
project.  Yes, it was
obvious it would work, and it was largely unnecessary (from a
security-planning perspective)
to actually do it.  But it was proof-of-concept.  Like synthesizing
"Better bombing through chemistry."
 -John Pike, director of Globalsecurity.org
 on use of speed by US pilots

@_date: 2002-08-13 17:38:21
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Colin plays dumb, Russians don't want Peace CorpSpies 
MOSCOW (AP) - Secretary of State Colin Powell made no progress in
discussions with his Russian counterpart in overcoming Moscow's
unexplained refusal to grant visas to Peace Corps volunteers, a U.S.
Embassy official said Tuesday.
U.S. officials are negotiating with the Foreign Ministry and the
Education Ministry, but the visa problem - which has forced Washington
to cancel plans to send a new batch of volunteers to Russia this year -
remains unresolved, said an embassy official, speaking on condition of
Goodness!  You mean the US is stuck with only embassy staff, no "Peace
Corp" Spies in the field?
"Better bombing through chemistry."
 -John Pike, director of Globalsecurity.org on use of speed by US pilots

@_date: 2002-09-10 16:49:52
@_author: Khoder bin Hakkin 
@_subject: Denver Colorado Stasi files, and DB linking 
There is an article on the Denver Police/STASI  files at:
Folks were in the database for bumperstickers.
That will be very amusing when all the crime-DB are integrated and used
to harass people in airports,
buses & trains, street checkpoints, and when the crowd-face-scanners
find a hit.
Some authorities just need reformatting.
"Better bombing through chemistry."
 -John Pike, director of Globalsecurity.org
 on use of speed by US pilots
