
@_date: 2005-02-09 10:38:00
@_author: "Kip H. Lambert" 
@_subject: Oppertunties Abound. 
the Nations Gas Trader
the Nations Gas (Breaking news update)
"A Superior Information
Resource"  Attn: Subscribers, Stockbrokers, Analysts &
Investors                                   Avalon Gold Corporation  (OTCBB:
AVGC) Symbol  AVGC OTC.BBEst. Shares Outstanding 20,000,000 Est. 13,000,000 Recent Price $0.28
Outlook: Tremendous Value Will a prolonged war in IRAQ and
current/future Prices hurt the US Economy?  Avalon represents a
fantastic opportunity for all of our readers to capitalize on when entering the escalating Natural Gas Market, NOT ONLY DOES AVALON PRESENT A GAS PLAY, WE ALL GET A PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP IN THIS COMPANY AT A VERY
REASONABLE ENTRY POINT.........  Avalon Gold
Corporation (AVGC) Clarifies  Uinta Basin Prospect's 4 Trillion
Cubic Feet of Recoverable Gas approximately $24 billion USD!!!
TODAY Are Told There Is Lots More PR Coming)
Hottest Oil-Gas Sector in the United States, U.S. Rockies: 8 Out of 9 Drillings - Avalon
BELLINGHAM, Wash., Feb. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Avalon
Gold Corporation (OTC Bulletin Board:
AVGC -
News) believes the U.S.
Rockies to be one of the biggest areas for oil and gas discoveries in the Recently, Bill Barrett Corporation announced that, in the Williston Basin in
2004, on nine gross horizontal oil wells, eight were successful. In the oil gas drilling business where dry wells sometimes happen often, to go 8 for 9 successful oil and gas drilling is the equivalent of finding the mother lode oil and gas.
Avalon stated that its Uinta Basin Prospect has the of being a Giant Gas Field similar to the Drunkards Wash Field and the Jonah
Field, both recognized gas fields. The Drunkards Wash Field, just south of Avalon's prospect is estimated to be between 2-4 TCF of recoverable gas. The Jonah Field
Overpressured Gas Plain, which is analogous to the Company's prospect area, similar over-pressuring, depth, reservoir rocks and is estimated to be 2.5+ RECENT PRESSClarification of
Avalon's Uinta Basin Prospect's 4 Trillion Cubic Feet of Recoverable Gas
Avalon Gold Corporation (OTCBB:AVGC) announced that further to the
Company's acquisition of 13,189 acres in the Uinta Basin in the US Rockies,
Utah, the Company would like to clarify the prospect's potential 4.2 TCF
(trillion cubic feet) of recoverable gas, which is overpressured by a gradient.  "With natural gas selling at today's price approximately $6.00 USD per cubic feet of gas (CFG), the value of 4.2 TCF of
recoverable gas is extremely positive, approximately $24 billion USD," Carlton Parfitt. The US Geological Survey and the oil and gas
industry recognize that the sedimentary basins of the Rocky Mountains hundreds of trillions of cubic feet of recoverable gas (methane) from low
permeability sandstone. "The
potential of Avalon's prospect in the Uinta Basin is enormous, based on the
geology and data available to date," states Dr. Robert Milam, a recent member of
Avalon's Advisory Board and Management Team.  AVGCs giant gas lease borders other leases owned by EOG
Resources Inc. (NYSE: EOG), EnCana Corp (TSE: ECA.TO; NYSE: ECA) and Bill
Barrett Corporation (NYSE: BBG) is also near by. Major energy companies recognize that tight gas reservoirs, where geological formations make complex, and coal-bed methane, where gas is extracted from coal deposits, two of the more important near term sources to boost North American of natural gas as demand outstrips supply and drives up Gas is currently $6 per cubic feet WITH MOST INDUSTRY SAYING IT IS GOING A LOT HIGHER!!!
All of you might want to consider this exceptional
opportunity to own a percentage of a company that could be one of the next PERFORMING ENERGY COMPANIES " AVALON has positioned itself next to the majors. AVGC
has the potential to take advantage of the worlds escalating energy prices. escalating  prices have created substantial opportunity for Avalon Gold
JUST REASONS WHY WE LIKE THIS ONE
 Continued Rise in the Worlds Gas Prices!
2. Major Gas
prospect 4 trillion cubic feet of recoverable Gas potentially
3.  $24
Billion dollar potential within the Unita Leasehold borders
major NYSE companies
5.  High demand due to the WORLDS CONCLUSION Avalon Gas Corporation.(AVGC) is ready to
become a major presence in the gas fields, Avalon has postured itself along of some already significant players in the field. AVGCs potential in the Unita Basin
is enormous, based on the geology and data at hand
it could represent a $24 BILLION GUSHER.  AVGCs stock is well
positioned for a immediate upward movement!!! We believe that AVGC be in a
position to become a dominant player in this industry. You do not want to miss this
wonderful opportunity. For information on AVGC, go to for SEC filings or press releases.  information provided within this email pertaining to investing, stocks,
securities must be understood as information provided and not investment The Nations Gas Trader advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade stocks featured within this email. None of the material within this report be construed as any kind of investment advice. Please have in mind that the
interpretation of the writer of this newsletter about the news published by company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say. Look releases by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in disclose the holding of AVGC shares prior to the publication of this report.
There is a inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to intent to make a profit from the liquidation of the shares. Stock might be at any time, even after positive statements have been made regarding the company. We own shares of AVGC, there is a inherent conflict of interest in statements and opinions. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and
expectations involving various risks and uncertainties, that could cause to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking
This email shall not constitute solicitation or an invitation to get a position in or sell any security
mentioned herein. This newsletter is not a registered investment advisor and not affiliated with any broker or dealer. The newsletter was paid 475,000 from a third party to send this report. All statements made are our express
opinion only and should be treated as such. We may own, take position and any securities mentioned at any time. This report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These statements may include terms as "expect"," believe", "may", "move"," undervalued" and "intend" or similar terms.
remv frm list cpy/paste
birthsindowitcherprism.com/suntan/finish/
