
@_date: 2001-09-26 21:58:14
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
Hash: SHA1
Noted.  PGP/GPG is supported, RFC 2015 is not.  Apologies.
The argument's about what it's about.  I'm interested in seeing
arguments on both sides of the discussion:  why is or isn't signing
recommended, why is or isn't RFC 2015/3156 recommended, what is the best
way to secure broader 2015/3156 support (assuming same is a commendable
goal).  False:  PGP/MIME creates a requirement that all mail applications treat
the encoded material as opaque, and not subject to manipulation.
Encrypted messages which are modified by transports are rendered
non-decryptable.  Signed messages which are modified by transports fail
authentication.  I've seen both issues fairly frequently when dealing
with signed/encrypted mails using 2015 encoding.
You haven't made clear (and it's not clear from the RFC) how 2440
protects against such damage.  If I've misread the spec, please
disabuse me.
I'm ordinarially somewhat inclined to agree with you.  I'm not
completely comfortable with my stance here, though I'm going to continue
until an alternative emerges that speaks to the issues addressed in RFC
2015 / 3156.
I generally strongly resist "standards" which deprive the user of
control or discretion over their systems or data, or introduce security
issues, often by way of executing untrusted content.  The Web is rife
with examples, Javascript, Java, and Flash being prime among them.
PGP/GPG encryption and authentication are the opposite of this:  the
user is given more control, more authentication, higher security, and
greater discretion over data and processes.  Full implementation for the
purpose of handling signed data isn't required so long as the underlying
data are cleartext.  I'm also trying to be clear in distinguishing
advocacy for *support* (strongly encouraged) with advocacy for *use*
(encouraged, but not mandatory).
It's not clear to me why clients cannot implement at least sufficient
2015 compliance to be able to display signed messages without issue.
Note that Declan's observation that MIME would create issues using
transparent to humans -- the underlying content is comprehend able.  It's
clients that insist on not presenting raw format, but don't render
MIME-encoded formats properly, which cause problems.  There are also new
clients being developed which don't support MIME at all.  A friend's
mobile phone/PDA is an example -- it can't handle _any_ MIME
attachments, let alone 2015 encoded mail.
IMVAO, RFC 2015/3156 have followed the appropriate track of specifying a
standard, demonstrating multiple implementations, and providing a
largely trivial track to achieving compliance.  This is strongly
preferable to, say, modifying a Kerberos implementation and consequently
encumbering the modified specification.
More widespread adoption of an open standard should create broader
pressures for yet more widespread adoption.  When I hear from those who
have issues accessing my mail, I copy them the rant mentioned above.
I'm still revising the document to be informative without being
inflammatory -- a delicate balance.
A similar (but contrary) argument applies to proprietary file formats.
If, say, Microsoft's share of the office / "productivity" application
space falls to, say, 80%, there will be sufficient interaction
inefficiencies that they will be required to, de facto, open and/or
freeze their standards.  User interoperability and Metcalfe effects will
dictate this.  At this point, Microsoft's monopoly on this space will
effectively broken.
Accusing others of not reading while not following your own advice is
hardly commendable.  At 32KB, it's probably not too steep a price.
I'm not convinced.
- - -- Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire

@_date: 2001-09-22 00:36:38
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: PGP author under fire for terrorist use of crypto 
on Fri, Sep 21, 2001 at 01:12:27PM -0400, Matthew Gaylor (freematt
Terrorism is the art of what's now known as "asymmetric warfare".  It
uses the enemy's own strengths against itself.  With the very barest of
resources:  a few score operatives, basic training, minimal
communications.  It can achieve impressive amounts of damage,
particularly against soft targets, taken unawares.
My own assessment of 9/11 is that the attacks were likely only 1/3 to
1/4 effective.  Three of four known aircraft reached their targets.  A
fourth was disabled by an unarmed, unprepared, civilian force.
Appearances are that another two to four aircraft were originally
planned to be involveed in the attacks, as well as other possible
incidents based on other modalities.
The truth is that within an hour of the initial incidents, the country
was on a war footing.  Stories now indicate that Air Force fighter
intercepts were scrambled against the two planes targeted for the WTC
and were 12 minutes from intercept at the time of the attacks.
Shoot-to-kill appears to have been ordered against Flight 93.  Warnings
are now circulating for possible incidents on Saturday.
Our resources were used against us:  aircraft, freedoms, communications
networks, cars, highways.  Crypto is yet another tool.  It may be used
for good or evil, and in balance I suspect it does far more good than
Phil has no more cause than any of the rest of us to feel regret.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-22 20:02:36
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Preparedness (ultralight attack on statue of liberty) 
on Sat, Sep 22, 2001 at 08:08:06AM -0700, David Honig (honig
You fail to understand.
Nerve gas is absorbed through the skin.  A containment suit is required,
a gas mask, alkali or otherwise, is worthless of itself.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-23 08:35:29
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: CDR Anonymizer <cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com> ? 
...neatly sidestepping the fact that fraud is a crime, stupidity isn't.
Relevance, please.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-23 06:44:12
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: CDR Anonymizer <cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com> ? 
on Sat, Sep 22, 2001 at 08:32:46PM -0700, CDR Anonymizer
FYI, info on the scam.  This is the tenth instance I've seen this year.
Please feel free to distribute the following if you encounter the scam
on other NGs or mailing lists.
I've compiled a set of rants (frequently repeated essays/posts) at
    This is an example of the "Nigerian Scam", also called 419 Letters, or
just plain 419.  Most 419 letters and emails originate from or are
traceable back to Nigeria. However, some originate from other nations,
mostly also West African nations such as Ghana, Togo, Liberia, Sierra
Leone, Ivory Coast ( Cote D'Ivoire ) etc.
It's the current wrinkle of a decades-old scam that nets tens of
millions of dollars per year, and may be the third largest industry in
Nigeria.  The 419 Coalition believes that it is the elites from which
successive governments of Nigeria have been drawn who are the scammers.
Expect little cooperation from Nigerian authorities.
Information in this notice is compiled from various sources, links
below.  Keep reading for reporting information.
The Scam operates as follows: the target receives an unsolicited fax,
email, or letter concerning Nigeria containing either a money laundering
or other illegal proposal OR you may receive a Legal and Legitimate
business proposal by normal means.  Invariably, the proposition involves
resources which are somehow locked up:  oil or other invoice problems, a
bequest, money cleaning, or misallocated funds.
At some point, the victim is asked to pay up front an Advance Fee of
some sort.  If the victim pays the Fee, there are many "Complications"
which require still more advance payments until the victim either quits,
runs out of money, or both.
To report the scam:
    If you are a United States Citizen or Resident and have suffered NO
    Financial Loss, write "No Financial Loss - For Your Database" on the
    documents you received and Fax them to the US Secret Service Task
    Force handling Scam matters at 202-406-6930.
    Documents may be emailed to
        mailto:419.fcd "No Loss -- 419 Scam"
    IF you are a United States Citizen or Resident and YOU HAVE SUFFERED
    A FINANCIAL LOSS write "Financial Loss - Contact Me ASAP" on the
    documents you have received and Fax them to the Task Force at
    202-406-6930 and give Your telephone number(s).  A Secret Service
    Agent will call you back as soon as possible to discuss the matter
    with you (don't worry, you're Not in any trouble).
    (Above from Other countries have their own reporting methods, see above for more
Additional information:
    Google search:
        Federal Republic of Nigeria, Embassy:
        Sierra Leone:  Nigerian 419 Scam:
        Nigeria Scam Letter Archive
        Nigeria - The 419 Coalition Website
        U.S. Postal Authorities crack down on Nigerian Spam
        Nigeria - The 419 Coalition Website
        Urban Legends:  Nigerian Scam
        Salon: I crave your distinguished indulgence (and all your cash)
        Nigerian 419 Scam "Game Over!"
        Book describes how the scam plays out.
Thank you.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-24 08:46:22
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Expectation of privacy in public? 
on Mon, Sep 24, 2001 at 07:16:03AM +0200, Anonymous
Jeffrey Rosen's _The Unwanted Gaze:  the destruction of privacy in
America_ is a good general read on this topic, and is generally
It doesn't cover the issue of "privacy in public" in depth, though the
issue is really more one of moving anonymously (or at least largely
unrecorded) through public spaces.
Rosen does discuss privacy at home and at work, and in cyberspace.  The
index doesn't specifically list "public spaces", though there's some
discussion of anonymity.  Brandeis and Warren wrote a law review article
in 1890 in the _Harvard Law Review_.
Rosen does touch on expectations of privacy in public spaces:
    In _The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Milan Kundera describes how
    the police destroyed an important figure of the Prague Spring by
    recording his conversations with a friend and then broadcasting them
    as a radio serial.
The other interesting discussion is of the Olmstead case (the original
wiretap case).
I would raise objections on the basis of the Fourth and Forteenth
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-25 05:50:09
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Democracy is our enemy 
on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 03:22:34AM -0000, Anonymous (nobody
I can think of a number of differences as well.
As trolls go, about a 6.5.
Terrorists are not in a direct position to deprive us of rights to
privacy, free speech, encryption, and computing platforms.  Should their
cause prevail I've no doubt access to such freedoms would be far starker
than under any regime pledged to the US Constitution, with little
recourse for appeal.
There is little on-charter discussion possible of the terrorists.  There
may be speculation of methods they did (or didn't) use.  Outcomes of
their actions are going to generally be abhorred.
The response of the US and other govnerments worldwide is a different
issue.  These are largely institutions of or answerable to their
peoples.  There's also a long tradition in democratic (both proper
democracies and republican governments) political experience of making
rash decisions, often curtailing the freedoms of democracy.
I see no problem with focussing discussion on these matters.
IMVAO we're cut from manifold different weaves of cloth.  None of us
speaks for all, self included.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-26 00:22:11
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Signed, anonymous...(was Re: Getting Bush...) 
on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 02:22:25PM -0700, Meyer Wolfsheim (wolf
I suppose this has also been discussed, but if anyone has a favorite
compelling argument I'd be interested in seeing it.
Several Web archives include signatures.  Checking, e.g.:, debian-user,
I found I couldn't validate my own posts.  However, archives in mbox
format with full text of mail as received should work.
I can think of several compelling arguments for supporting signed list
messages, should the sender wish to sign.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-25 20:41:24
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Signed, anonymous...(was Re: Getting Bush...) 
Hash: SHA1
The thought crossed my mind.
Someone got cluesticks for me WRT cypherpunks list protocol, and/or the
cypherpunks listmanager WRT RFC 2015?

@_date: 2001-09-25 19:17:13
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Signed, anonymous...(was Re: Getting Bush...) 
on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 10:48:44AM -0700, auto301094
Might I ask what the purpose of utilizing hushmail, signing a message,
and not having publicly available keys, is?
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:08:59
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
Hash: SHA1
What's "normal" PGP messages?
There is an option to clearsign by default.  I've elected not to do

@_date: 2001-09-26 08:42:19
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 11:41:18PM -0700, Meyer Wolfsheim (wolf
My information is different, though I've not used Outlook in some years.
I know several people who do, one of whom also uses PGP, RFC 2015 MIME
            ...including MS Outlook Express (plugin) and MS Outlook (plugin),
Public key infrastructure.
I was spooning from the top of my head.  It's more generally known as
the RSA public key encryption patent, released by RSA September 6, 2000:
    I don't have the patent number handy but could reference it for you if
There were doubtless other issues.  The patent didn't help.
I"m willing to risk that.  Responses have varied, most people appreciate
the information (they simply don't know the inssues).  Maybe one in ten
responds as you suggest.  I try to provide compelling content, where
About two years.
You've got arguments against signing?  Again, pointers appreciated.
So you're going to disable all MIME handling in your mailer?
That's an astounding proof.
To expand on the the analogy:  widespread deployment of mail clients
with unsafe content handling (and yes, I'm specifically pointing to MS
Outlook, though there are other guilty parties), combined with an
operating environment with few or no effective security measures, low
user awareness of security details, and lax administrative practices,
creates a volatile, low-entropy, high-potential, readily triggered,
exploitable resource.  Rather like gasoline.
The problem isn't the attachments (matches), it's the gasoline (buggy
I think it's rather apt, myself.
Compelling or otherwise, I'll draw your attention to the paragraphs
immediately following "Why Do You Insist On Signing Your Mail Anyway".
  - Assurance of identity.
  - Assurance of integrity.
  - Evangelizing PKI.
  - Seeking broader compliance with associated RFCs in mail clients and
    handlers.
I'm not set up to run same, but I'm interested in finding one that
doesn't demime.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-26 05:49:51
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
Hash: SHA1
I refer you to RFC 2440:
    Note that many applications, particularly messaging applications,
    will want more advanced features as described in the OpenPGP-MIME
    document, RFC 2015. An application that implements OpenPGP for
    messaging SHOULD implement OpenPGP-MIME.
RFC 2440 is a low-level standard defining the structure, RFC 2015 is in
some respects a specialized application of same.  Among the advantages
offered by RFC 2015 is that it defines MIME-encoded PGP components as
opaque:  message handling systems should treat these components as
opaque.  The failure to do so by most web archival systems then becomes
a compliance issue with RFC 2015.  Note that many artifacts of tagging will render signed messages
unverifiable, regardless of whether clearsigned or RFC 2015 signed.
Defining *a* standard and complying with it is the preferred solution.
I'd suggest for reading:
    RFC 3156:  "MIME Security with OpenGPG", M. Elkins, D. Del Torto, R.
    Levien, T. Roessler (August 2001).  Updates RFC 2015.
    ftp://ftp.isi.edu/in-notes/rfc3156.txt
A few points:
  - It's not that Mutt doesn't play well with others (and yes, I'm aware
    of the curious synchronicity between the authors of mutt and RFC
    2015), it's that (some) others have chosen not to play with Mutt.
    This isn't world+dog playing catchup to a fluid, Redmond-devised,
    monopoly-ensuring "standard".  It's world+dog being afraid to enter
    into the encryption frey.  RFC 2015 is unchanged since 1996.
    Actually, plug-in support for a range of mailers is available for
    most mainstream products and platforms, including both MS Outlook
    and Eudora (two most frequently cited apps).
  - RSA is almost certainly partially to blame for this.  The RSA PKI
    patent only expired in September of 2000.  If this patent hadn't
    existed, widespread use and implementation of crypto support in mail
    tools would be fait acompli, and discussion of legislation such as
    the Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 would be largely moot.
  - Backward-compatibility of RFC 2015 would be nice.  OTOH, when
    visiting a (Win2K) using friend recently, I discovered I'd stymied
    him with plain text attachments (copies of mail messages I'd
    forwarded as attachments) the other day.  Without a file extention,
    legacy MS Windows has no idea what to do with the content, and the
    simple precedents of either using a tool like the GNU/Linux "file"
    command (to guess file contents using the compelling heuristic
    of...looking at file contents), or simply throwing the shitheap at a
    (text-capable) pager, are beyond the pale for legacy MS Windows
    users....    - Backwards-compatibility II:  RFC 2015 renders the message and
    signature components as inline quoted printable, and inline,
    respectively.  Mailer disposition should be to simply render these
    using existing inline text representation.  This is a failure of
    such mailers to provide fundamentally sane handling of MIME.
  - As has been pointed out, RFC 2015 messages are composed of nothing
    but ASCII.  Technically, so are UU encoded messages.  It's how that
    ASCII's handled that's significant.  Still, the raw encoding
    provided by RFC 2015 is transparent to humans.
  - My own philosophy on using signed email is summed up in my standard
    GPG rant:
        # install
    In part:
      - Your mailer is broken.
      - This is your problem, not mine.
      - File a bug report with your vendor.
      <...>
    So, Why Do You Insist On Signing Your Mail Anyway?
  - My general suggestion to list maintainers is that policies be set on
    what MIME encoding is or isn't allowed.  Content filtering based on
    such rules would reject malfomred messages.  Likely targets:  HTML
    mail, various binary attachments.  This strikes me as more useful
    than de-miming all messages.  While we're at it, attacking the
    dozen-plus line disclaimers showing up in more and more corporate
    email would be a blessing.  But I believe this constitutes thread
    drift....
  - I'll put in a vote for suggesting the cypherpunks list support
    broader adoption of encryption standards by allowing and supporting
    RFC 2015 signed messages.
Ain't Google grand :-)
Go ahead, laugh.  I sign my mail.  When I have to, I clearsign it, under

@_date: 2001-09-26 22:07:55
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Cooked/umodified lists?  (was: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG...) 
Hash: SHA1
on Wed, Sep 26, 2001 at 01:15:54PM -0700, Meyer Wolfsheim (wolf
I don't see a 'cooked' filter, unmodified, list.  Am I missing
How bad's the spam?

@_date: 2001-09-30 23:08:48
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
Have you ever been in a brawl where one side (or both) has friends?
Sucker punching tends to violate the norms of honorable conduct.  If you
down the first guy, but have to deal with three of his friends, the
issue becomes a bit less clear cut.  Concepts of "unfair advantage" tend
to escalate:  sucker punches lead to friends, knives, back alleys,
and/or heat.
That's more or less where the perps of the 9/11 attacks find themselves
at the moment.
The other side of the argument is the bee'n'the bull theory.  Sure, the
bee can get in the first lick, but you've now got one pissed-off bull.
If your sucker punch *doesn't* land the fellow, you've got consequences
to deal with.  I'd say the US is currently stung, but by no means
hurting in any diminished-capacity sense of the word.  This doesn't
strike be as good strategic thinking on our oponents' part.
I did make a halfhearted attempt to search through TAoW looking at
strategic guidelines.  I'll give it another shot and see what I turn up.

@_date: 2001-10-29 02:31:23
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Soothe or alarm:  What is "weaponized" anthrax? 
I posted on this question Oct 21, saying:
    [Rep Frist's (R-TN) comment] leads one to question the descriptions
    of anthrax as "weaponized" and "non-weaponized", particularly as
    there are several dimensions of weaponization.  The lesser is spore
    size, with 5 micron being the preferred form for inducing inhalation
    anthrax.  The greater is antibiotic resistance, and it appears that
    this is the criterion on which statements of "non-weaponized
    anthrax" are being made.  Truth seems to be that resistance is
    secondary to spore size given the difficulty of treating advanced
    cases of inhalation anthrax.
    My suggestion to the press would be to disaggregate the term
    "weaponized" to its components:  inhalable, and antibiotic
    resistant.  This provides the public with more useful information:
    the bacterium is or is not a grave infection threat (inhalable), and
    the bacterium is or is not treatable (resistant).  This is
    actionable information: inhalable, but nonresistant, anthrax means
    that individuals should be aware of respiratory illness symptoms and
    submit for early diagnosis and/or treatment.
Today's SF Chronicle reports:
    When it comes to describing anthrax, it is as if they are speaking
    different languages.
    "Weapons-grade material," Gephardt, the House Democratic leader from
    Missouri, told reporters this week, describing the potency of the
    anthrax in a letter opened in Daschle's office.
    "Common variety," Senate Majority Leader Daschle from South Dakota
    said of the same white powder.
    Scientists say both are right.
    The material was weapons grade, in the sense that it was finely
    milled and aerosolized to make it easier to infiltrate a victim's
    lungs. At the same time,
    it was a common variety that was not genetically altered, making it
    fully treatable with common antibiotics.
    So which statement is more responsible?
    [...]
    "I don't think 'weaponized' has any medical or scientific value,"
    [Ridge] explained late this week. "It seems to have different
    meanings . . .  to different people."
    The discrepancy in labeling the potency of the poison is a perfect
    illustration of the challenges confronting authorities as they try
    to communicate complex, evolving and grim information on live
    television, often on an hourly basis.
    The failure to use precise language can have fatal consequences.
    On Oct. 18, three days after Daschle's letter was opened, Postmaster
    General John Potter invited the press into a mail facility in
    southeast Washington, and told the assembled reporters and workers
    that "there is only a minute chance" that anthrax spores could have
    escaped from envelopes and harmed postal workers.
    Today, Potter is on a 60-day dose of antibiotics. So are the
    reporters and anyone else who attended the news conference,
    including Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony Williams and his
    80-year-old mother. Two workers at the facility have since died.
    Authorities knew at the time that the refined spores were highly
    potent, but based on previous experience in New Jersey and Florida,
    had no reason to believe they would contaminate the Washington mail
    house. And they wanted to calm anxious postal workers.
    "The administration has been forthright in making information known
    as soon as information is available," said White House spokesman Ari
    Fleischer. "It is the nature of this type of attack involving
    anthrax that information develops over time."
    Nevertheless, there is frustration from those who feel that soft
    words intended to soothe might instead lull people into a false
    sense of complacency.
    "I think we've got to stop parsing words and trying to be anything
    other than accurate about what this is," Gephardt said of the
    biological attack on the Capitol. "This is highly sophisticated
    material. It is small in size and it aerosolizes, and so you've got
    to be careful in the way it can be handled.
    "I believe people are smart. If you arm them (people) with accurate
    information, you have a better chance of preventing successful
    attacks," Gephardt said.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-23 09:13:15
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Netscape Out! 
on Tue, Oct 23, 2001 at 01:13:49AM -0700, Bill Stewart
For the GNU/Linux and free 'Nix users in the crowd, I've got my own set
of reviews (about four months stale, update kinda in progress) at
    My personal graphical pick:  Galeon.  Konqeror and Mozilla aren't too
far behind.  w3m and lynx are great for quick text browsing.  Dillo's a
blazingly fast, lightweight graphical browser, if you don't mind the odd
rough edge (no cookies, frames, animated gifs, cut'n'paste,
Java/Javascript -- most of which is IMVA a Good Thing(tm)).  Other
clients reviewed as well.  Netscape?  It sucks, blows, bites, and loses.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-22 06:47:47
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Karsten M. Self shows himself to be clueless, again 
Hash: SHA1
Dammit Tim, this is *my* cornfield.
So, let's get this straight:
  - RFC 2015 encoded, striped by lne:  fucking moron.
  - Clearsigned:  fucking moron.
Hey:  Tim's internally consistent!

@_date: 2001-10-22 01:34:07
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Instant Anthrax...test (was: Re: And another one bites the 
gpg: Invalid passphrase; please try again ...
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
You clearly can't to wait for individuals to be symptomatic, you have to
detect eposures.  The point, however, is that exposure itself isn't a
high risk given appropriate, timely, treatment.
The Economist is now reporting on "instant screening":
        Biological weapons
    Testing times
    Oct 18th 2001
    From The Economist print edition
    Instant screening for anthrax is now possible
    [...]
    Unfortunately, the two established methods for identifying anthrax
    and other microbial contaminants involve time-consuming laboratory
    techniques. One is to try to culture an organism from the powder,
    and then subject it to a barrage of chemical tests to identify it.
    The other is to amplify and identify its DNA . The first takes days,
    and the second is a sophisticated technique that few laboratories
    are yet able to manage. So, even if the result is negative, chaos
    may already have been caused and the act of terrorism rewarded.
    A better solution would be to screen on the spot. And technology to
    do this is now available. It uses a test strip, costing $20, that
    looks like a pregnancy-detection kit.
    The Guardian Bio-Threat Alert System is a joint development by
    Alexeter Technologies, based in Wheeling, Illinois, and Tetracore,
    of Gaithersburg, Maryland. It takes 15 minutes to react to the
    presence of anthrax, and it is the only rapid field test now
    available.     [...]
Apologies if this was already posted here.  Search of my inbox doesn't
turn it up.

@_date: 2001-10-20 19:29:32
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
Thanks, wasn't aware of that.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-20 00:27:26
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Inflation 
on Fri, Oct 19, 2001 at 04:41:28PM -0700, mmotyka (mmotyka
As previously posted, an iso-8859-1 to ASCII encoding error.  The degree
symbol was converted to a zero.  Divide values by 10.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-17 19:24:09
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Sen. Gregg changes his mind, won't introduce 
on Wed, Oct 17, 2001 at 09:34:09AM -0700, mmotyka (mmotyka
Or Bugtraq.
This is a real concern, yes.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-16 23:23:02
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Internation Patent Law doesn't apply to USG? 
on Tue, Oct 16, 2001 at 02:45:36PM -0700, Meyer Wolfsheim (wolf
To the best of my knowledge, patent law is not uniform internationally,
certainly not to the extent copyright law is.  In the US, both patent
and copyright are powers granted to, not obligations required of,
Congress.  There is prior precedent for lifting patent protections,
usually as anti-trust settlements.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-15 00:45:25
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Post formatting (was Re: MIME cruft vs. straight ASCII 128) 
Nope.  Pulling the same lne.com feed Tim is.  There were a number of odd
nonstandard characters (resolved as + S, R, and W, mostly "smart
quotes"), and in general poor linewrapping / spacing.  That -S
character is particularly annoying to root out on a GNU/Linux system.
My general list formatting preferences are pretty vanilla:
  - 72 character lines.
  - Postfix (reply-after-quote) response.
  - Attribution lines corresponding to quoted content.
  - Quoted-line prefix, preferably '> ' or '>'.
  - Standard ASCII content, as opposed to extended charactersets, HTML,
    or proprietary document formats.
The growing disregard of such conventions in many contexts is a growing
annoyance of the Net.
I happen to prefer signing messages per RFC 2015, and it's largely
habitual.  As lne.com de-mimes such attachments, this shouldn't be an
issue for much of this list.  I'm not an absolutist on MIME and extended
character sets, believing there are appropriate uses.   I'm satisfied
with the recent coverage of this topic here, no need to elaborate.
My point regards formatting:  in the majority of cases, a few moments
with a text editor is sufficient to greatly increase readability of of
posted content.  I happen to use vim, and can untangle most posts in
under a minute.  This is a matter of respect:  one person's doing so
saves the remainder the effort.  I've noted that the posts I've bounced
to list reformatted tend to gather response where originals don't.
I also prefer to denote cited text via indentation as:
    an example of a block
    of cited text.
I don't believe these are extraordinary preferences, and even sustpect
Mr. May may agree with me on several.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-14 00:29:17
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: F.B.I. Did Not Test Letter to NBC or Immediately Notify 
on Sat, Oct 13, 2001 at 04:40:02PM -0700, AARG! Anonymous (remailer
That was utterly unreadable.  Please format posted material such that
it's legible.
    October 13, 2001
    F.B.I. Did Not Test Letter to NBC or Immediately Notify
    City Hall
    By JENNIFER STEINHAUER and JIM DWYER
    Although the F.B.I. was notified on Sept. 25 about suspicious
    letters sent to NBC, neither the letters, nor the powder residue
    inside them were tested until nearly two weeks later, and then only
    because a private doctor notified city public health officials about
    a troubling skin condition in the news assistant who had handled the
    mail, officials acknowledged yesterday.
    In fact, the F.B.I. laboratory neither performed nor sought any
    tests on the powder or the skin samples taken from the employee,
    identified as Erin M. O'Connor, a 38-year-old assistant to Tom
    Brokaw.
    "That, unfortunately, did not take place," said Barry W.  Mawn,
    assistant director in charge of the F.B.I.'s New York office.
    He also said the agents had intended to interview Ms.  O'Connor soon
    after they learned of the case, but did not, for reasons he did not
    explain.
    F.B.I. officials said investigators picked up the envelopes on Sept.
    26, the day after NBC security officials called the agency. New York
    City officials were not informed of the preliminary inquiry until
    days later.
    Indeed if the Health Department had not been alerted to the case by
    a private doctor, it might well have hibernated in the F.B.I. files.
    Mr. Mawn said yesterday that the agency had to investigate dozens of
    threats, scares and false alarms, and that is how this case was
    initially treated. Since Sept. 11, when the two planes slammed into
    the World Trade Center, city and federal law enforcement officials
    have received hundreds of reports of menace and foul play ranging
    from bomb threats to chemical attack scares.
    The discovery of a case of apparently deliberate anthrax poisoning
    in the heart of New York City is just the latest in a string of
    terrifying events that have challenged the law enforcement and
    health care infrastructure in the last month. It pushed health care
    officials to nail down a pathogen that most of them had no
    experience with.
    And it once again tested the fragile relationship that has always
    existed between the New York City Police Department and the F.B.I.,
    agencies that are forced to work in tandem on unprecedented and
    constantly evolving crimes.
    "Information sharing between the F.B.I. and the N.Y.P.D.  has always
    been poor," said one person who has worked closely with both
    agencies. "There is often a lack of willingness on the F.B.I.'s part
    to share information, although it is getting better. As they move
    forward, clearly the F.B.I. is going to have to be more
    forthcoming."
    In this case, Mr. Mawn said, the gravity of the situation was not
    fully appreciated by the federal authorities until recently.
    On Sept. 25., Ms. O'Connor handled a letter postmarked from St.
    Petersburg, Fla., filled with white powder, according to law
    enforcement officials. She also handled a second letter containing a
    sandy substance. Network officials, immediately suspicious, called
    the F.B.I., which picked up the letters the next day.
    Then, the agency began to prepare a cover letter for its own
    laboratory indicating that the substances needed to be tested, but
    the letter was never completed and the evidence was never sent from
    the F.B.I.'s office in New York to its laboratory, said Joseph
    Valiquette, an F.B.I. spokesman.
    He added that some delays happened because investigators were unable
    to interview Ms. O'Connor to supplement the cover letter. "We wanted
    to send a complete package to the laboratory," said Mr. Valiquette.
    So none of it was sent. Mr. Valiquette said he did not know why the
    F.B.I.  could not speak with Ms. O'Connor, who works in Rockefeller
    Plaza and lives in the metropolitan area.
    On Sept. 28, Ms. O'Connor developed a strange sore on her chest.
    Nervous, she went to see Dr. Richard Fried, a Manhattan infectious
    disease specialist, said Dr.  Annetta Kimball, the doctor covering
    for Dr. Fried, who could not be reached last night.
    Armed with the description of the rash   which she described as
    central scarring surrounded by a lot of swelling   the doctor likely
    consulted his textbooks to nail down what was going on. Dr. Kimball
    said that Dr.  Fried suspected that his patient had been exposed to
    anthrax, and immediately prescribed Cipro.
    "There is a good chance he had never seen anthrax before," said Dr.
    Kimball. "This is New York City, not an agricultural area." He also
    took cultures from a wound Ms. O'Connor developed, but those swabs
    were negative for anthrax, she said.
    At some point, officials and Dr. Kimball said, the patient visited a
    dermatologist.
    One of those doctors notified the city's Health Department on Oct. 6
    of a possible case of anthrax. The city has among the most
    sophisticated epidemiologists and public health labs in the country.
    Mr. Valiquette said that the F.B.I. learned from the city's Health
    Department that "this was an issue." The substance eventually made
    its way to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in
    Atlanta, which went to unusual lengths to identify it. There was
    little powder to work with, and a power failure in the lab halted
    the work for nearly a day, said Dr. James M. Hughes of the C.D.C.
    "None of this ever did go to the F.B.I. lab," he said.
    One of the Ms. O'Connor's doctors ordered a skin biopsy, which was
    sent to the C.D.C. But by the time the tissue was taken, the patient
    had begun taking an antibiotic to counter possible anthrax. As
    intended, that drug degraded the cellular structure of the bacteria.
    On Wednesday, the city was informed of the case under investigation.
    The C.D.C. was able to identify the spores of anthrax, and officials
    were informed of the results early yesterday morning.
    Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani announced the first confirmed case of
    anthrax yesterday morning at NBC.
    He was described by a person who was with him early yesterday as
    being "three feet off the ground" when he learned that the F.B.I.
    had not brought word of the developments to city officials earlier.
    Mr. Mawn acknowledged that investigators revisited the case after
    learning of the concerns of the health officials. "A second
    notification came through to the Department of Health, at which time
    the evidence response people and the F.B.I. also became involved
    with it. It was initially assigned to two agents that just covered
    the lead. And upon that, it was immediately submitted for tests. As
    you know and as the mayor has talked about, those tests were
    initially negative."
    Yesterday, The New York Times received a letter filled with white
    powder that was addressed to a reporter, Judith Miller. The Times
    notified the mayor's office, and city and F.B.I. officials responded
    immediately.  Tests for radioactive and chemical substances were
    negative, and results from a more definitive test for anthrax DNA by
    state and federal labs were expected over the weekend.
    Coordinating the efforts of the various law enforcement and public
    health officials is proving tricky   there have been dozens of bomb
    and other threats around the city since Sept. 11, and the city,
    which investigates each case, cannot inform the public or other
    agencies about each one. Just yesterday, the city heard of about a
    half dozen cases of suspicious powder or envelopes that it is
    investigating, the mayor said.
    "If there was a problem, it was in the way they first investigated
    it," one Police Department official said of the F.B.I.'s
    performance.
    But there was some concern last night among health care experts
    about the delay in the testing. The inability of the agency to
    identify the substance was "not very comforting," said one C.D.C.
    official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. "That is a little
    disappointing, to say the least."
    Anthrax spores, if kept under appropriate conditions sealed and
    unexposed to lots of light   can be preserved for years, said Jerome
    M. Hauer, the former director of the Office of Emergency Management
    and currently managing director of Kroll Inc., an investigation
    firm.  He added: "You don't want them sitting around. In this
    environment, you hope there is good information sharing, especially
    when it involves biological agents."
    Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company | Privacy Information
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-12 22:01:09
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Feingold amendment 
on Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at 11:55:25PM -0400, Declan McCullagh (declan
Herblock thought so (thanks to Dan Gillmor):
    Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-12 16:32:43
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: bunkerbuster: not just for nukes 
on Fri, Oct 12, 2001 at 03:58:36AM -0700, citizenQ (citizenQ
That's my read.
Several press articles mentioned the GBU-28, and Rumsfeld mentioned it
(or was asked about it) specifically in a press conference Wednesday or
Thursday (NPR's on continuous-feed mode here).  The only reference I saw
to the B62-11 specific to the current conflict was a Wired article "Nuke
'Em From On High"
    The device itself is nuclear (not merely a d-u casing, in fact I don't
see d-u mentioned at all), with yields from 300T - 300KT, in a focussed
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-09 21:43:55
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: DC Metro spray bottle scuffle (was Re: More biochem terror?) 
on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 02:47:59PM -0500, Roy M. Silvernail (roy
Let's try to post with some specificity as to location and details,
subject updated.
NPR was reporting this at ~12 noon PDT, describing the fluid as perfume,
with no known BioChem agents detected.  Reactions were described, note
that placebo effect is likely to be high.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-08 23:25:35
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: fwd: New fashion trend 
gpg: Invalid passphrase; please try again ...
gpg: Invalid passphrase; please try again ...
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Images are demimed here.  Post a link.

@_date: 2001-10-06 06:11:28
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax found in Florida 
Hash: SHA1
With one man dead and Bloomberg reporting a possible second case, the
warning posted to this list on the 27 of September looks more
    From: osama_ben-laden
    To: cypherpunks
    Subject: Opening night
    Date: Thu, 27 Sep 2001 15:02:12 -0700
    X-Converted-To-Plain-Text: from multipart/mixed by demime 0.97c
    X-Converted-To-Plain-Text: Alternative section used was text/plain
    The rehearsals have gone off better than expected.  Opening night
    for our production of Anthrax Theater approaches.  Please check your
    TVs and newspapers for details.
Archive URL:

@_date: 2001-10-06 01:09:45
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: PATRIOT bill, Leahy's USA 
on Fri, Oct 05, 2001 at 11:27:54PM +0000, citizenq
I searched for 'terrorism' at the Thomas online legislative index a
couple of days ago.  Over 50 items returned.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-02 22:17:22
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: STILL OFF TOPIC: Re: America needs therapy 
on Tue, Oct 02, 2001 at 05:19:09PM +0100, Ken Brown (k.brown
The Heppenheimer book cited here previously posited a catcher fabricated
out of bulletproof material, in lunar orbit.  Of roughly conical form,
and rotating about its axis, material launched via railgun from the
lunar surface would be caught, then ferried to an L4 or L5 construction
point.  Heppenheimer's scenario envisioned using pellet shooters as
reaction mass.  Matter flux in orbit is such that operations could be carried
out for extended periods of time with no perceptable increase in
micrometeorite impacts.
For loosly aggregated masses, possibly even larger:  they'd simply
disintegrate in orbit.  Though try to justify the low odds to the poor
sap who *does* happen to be in the wrong place.
Lunar material has an albedo of about 3%.  Its radar signiture may be
better.  But there isn't currently a tracking system that's designed to
detect large amounts of new orbit insertions.  Yes, we track dead
satellites, lost space hardware, and the odd glove.  Hundreds of
thousands of stone-tossings, I'm not so sure.
Cities can't run.  Their populations can.  But it would take a day or
two for a typical US conurbanation.  The infrastructure remains
particularly vulnerable.
Better yet:  water strike.
If you're particularly devious, aim for an unstable undersea slope
seismic region.
Heinlein's good history here, particularly if you're into harsh
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-01 22:53:51
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Just Say "So?" 
There's an alternative formulation:
   Don't just do something.  Stand there.
The gist is the same.  Senseless activity isn't justified by virtue of
being activity.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-01 19:09:25
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
on Mon, Oct 01, 2001 at 08:37:30AM -0700, Subcommander Bob (bob
...let's look at the bright side.
Afghanistan isn't a Balkan state....
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-01 19:32:52
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: America needs therapy 
on Mon, Oct 01, 2001 at 11:57:18AM -0700, georgemw
Electric vehicles are far more efficient idlers than ICE vehicles.
Idling is essentially paying the oil companies for the privilege of
sitting still.  It's not an inconsequential cost.
Other congestion costs are not as attributable to oil, but direct
combustion is.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-01 22:56:53
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Text of Ashcroft Anti-Terrorism act? 
Hash: SHA1
Does anyone know if the updated text of the proposed Anti-Terrorism act
has been published?
The NYT reports Ashcroft urging a vote by "next week":
    No substance on the bill itself.

@_date: 2001-10-03 00:33:39
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
on Tue, Oct 02, 2001 at 07:11:19PM -0500, Neil Johnson
Works from here.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-03 19:29:09
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
on Wed, Oct 03, 2001 at 11:00:04AM -0400, Declan McCullagh (declan
Note that there are a relatively small number of Googles on the Net.
This is a point that was brought forth pointedly at John Wharton's ee380
seminar at Stanford last spring, during Rhonda Hauben's seminar "Usenet
and the Usenet Archives The Challenges of Building a Collaborative
Technical Community"
    Specifically, the Usenet community became used to the Deja News
archives, to the extent that many independent archives of specific
newsgroups or collections of groups were deactivated, relying instead on
While comprehensive archives are useful, *single* comprehensive archives
present a point of failure and control.  The Net would be advised to
develop multiple Google alternatives.  And I say this as quite the fan
of Google....
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-03 23:00:15
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Nifty secret bank system 
on Wed, Oct 03, 2001 at 03:25:33PM -0700, Steve Schear (schear
For some, cost of transfer is a secondary consideration to secrecy, and
possibly sufficient to keep a significant underground network active.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-06 04:13:38
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: OT: Could you survive? advanced survival skills test 
on Fri, Oct 05, 2001 at 05:01:37PM -0700, David Honig (honig
Try Death Valley in the winter time.  You have to worry about both.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-09 02:27:53
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
Hash: SHA1
When posting tables:
  - Post the source.
  - Author in a monospaced font (e.g.:  courier).
  - Use spaces, not tabs, for layout.
The results of your post as received are virtually unreadable.  I'll try
to fix and resubmit, but cannot vouch for accuracy.

@_date: 2001-10-09 22:44:12
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax Case Number Three 
on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 02:52:56PM -0700, Eric Cordian
Reference?  I'm listening to the News Hour w/ Jim Lehrer where current
commentary includes the letter.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-09 22:16:26
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Fwd: [free-sklyarov] Fwd: Smell Test for a Certain Unconfirmed 
Following post calls to question the legitimacy of the Cryptome RIAA
meeting report.  Others have expressed doubts as well.  I don't agree
with most of its points (see free-sklyarov archives for my response),
but would appreciate back-propogation to point of origin for response.
John, anything you can do?
on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 02:16:20PM -0400, Seth Johnson
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-10 00:38:01
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Any Reason I Should NOT Killfile Choate? 
on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 06:48:03PM -0500, Incognito Innominatus
I'd appreciate at least a paragraph of context and subject line with
URLs.  Otherwise, his posts are useful.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-10 00:14:11
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards in profiling 
You are what you eat? Federal agents are tracking suspects tied to
    the Sept. 11 strikes through supermarket club cards that may give a
    hint of ethnic tastes. "Time was, this data was so disorganized
    nobody could make sense of it, but not anymore. They're looking for
    people based on their supermarket tastes," says consultant Larry
    Ponemon, head of the Privacy Council business consortium. "Trouble
    is, there's so much bad data out there, and how do your know if
    someone eats like a terrorist?" he asks.
Also (and source of above):
        What Do You Buy At The Grocery ... Punk?
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-12 07:35:00
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Who speaks for the detained 
At last nights "BayFF" public meeting on pending anti-terrorist
legislation, John Gilmore made what I felt was a very good point in the
   Who is representing the 500+ people detained in the ongoing Sept. 11
   investigation?
Even assuming the Feds are being good at picking up people fitting
profiles, there are doubtless innocents in the detained group.  My
understanding is that most are being held as material witnesses, under
immigration rules (recently revised), not formally charged with any
crime -- and hence not eligible for public defenders.
The two panelists representing general civil rights causes, Robert Rubin
(Legal Director, Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights of the SF Bay Area)
and Ann Brick (Staff Attourney, ACLU of Northern California) were
disturbingly uninformed on the issue, Ann's comment was "nobody's
contacted us" (well, um, yes...).
As the names of the detainees haven't been released (this might
compromise the investigation), yet the detainees may not have access to
council, this seems to be, as one audience member commented, a catch-22.
Press coverage on this topic is sparse at best.  I've found one Yahoo
story dating from Oct 2 which claims the detainees "were permitted to
consult a lawyer" and were provided "documents in their native
    Anyone here have data on the situation?
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-14 01:40:20
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax Theater opens in San Jose 
on Sat, Oct 13, 2001 at 06:07:22PM -0700, Steve Schear (schear
URL:  SJ Mercury News, source:  AP.  Also a UAL London-DC flight.
        Plane quarantined at San Jose International Airport
    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- About 80 passengers were held aboard a
    United Airlines jet that arrived Saturday afternoon from Chicago
    after a man reportedly stood up in mid-flight and released a powdery
    substance into the air ventilation system.
    Police, FBI and emergency crews were at the scene setting up a
    decontamination tent for the passengers of United Airlines Flight
    1669 from Chicago.
    ``There was apparently a report of a middle eastern male who went to
    the rear of the plane and opened up an envelope. It had some powder
    in it and it went through the air duct system,'' said San Jose
    police department spokesman Rubens Dalaison.
    The witness and the man who allegedly dispersed the powder were
    taken off the plane and were being decontaminated at about 5:00 p.m.
    Fire department personnel took air samples from inside the United
    Airlines Airbus 319 craft to determine if any toxic agents were
    present, Dalaison said.
    Airport spokesman Jim Peterson said someone from flight crew radioed
    ahead to the San Jose tower at about 2:30 p.m. and told them that a
    witness reported seeing a man open up an envelope and disperse an
    unknown substance into an air vent.
    The incident came as anthrax scares spread throughout the United
    States. In Boca Raton, Fla., five more tabloid employees at the
    American Media Inc. building tested positive for exposure to
    anthrax, a company spokesman announced Saturday.
    At Washington's Dulles International Airport, a spokeswoman said a
    powdery substance found in a restroom on a United Airlines plane
    from London was being tested at an Army laboratory in Maryland.
    Spokeswoman Tara Hamilton said the flight was met Saturday by a
    hazardous materials team and FBI agents, who determined that 17
    people out of 216 passengers and 14 crew members had used the
    bathroom.
    The 17 passengers were detained and preliminary decontamination
    steps were taken on them, which Hamilton said consisted for most
    part of washing their hands.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-14 23:55:45
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: [OT] Anthrax protocol issued. 
Cleaned up.
on Sun, Oct 14, 2001 at 12:48:21PM -0500, measl (measl
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:17:14
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Martial law supposedly implemented in the US 
So the 1960s-70s really *was* a time warp.
I tend to see things as more cyclycal myself.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-18 01:51:40
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Non-verbal IQ testing 
on Wed, Oct 17, 2001 at 08:24:47PM -0500, Harmon Seaver
Ping-pong.  Not half bad at baseball and basketball either.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-23 01:28:40
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 04:58:54PM -0700, David Honig (honig
Better yet:  energy can't be replicated.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-20 23:13:44
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
on Sat, Oct 20, 2001 at 05:48:44PM -0500, Harmon Seaver
    California, Maryland, New York, Ohio, Texas, and Wisconsin, notably.
See also:  [From California SB 1447, 1992, the "Privacy Act of 1992"]
    SECTION 2: INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM DRIVER'S LICENSES
    This section requires the written consent of a consumer for a
    business entity to (1) sell information obtained from the consumer's
    driver's license or (2) use such information to advertise goods or
    services.
    The section is intended to cover instances where a consumer presents
    a driver's license or identification card for identification
    purposes during a business transaction.  The section is not intended
    to prevent businesses from using driver's license information for
    business record-keeping, or for other purposes related to the
    transaction (i.e. authorizing a transaction).
    The section is not intended to change existing law with respect to
    the ability of businesses to obtain driver's license information
    from other sources (such as DMV records).
    The need for this section is heightened by the new "magstripe"
    drivers license developed by the Department of Motor Vehicles.  This
    license has a magnetic stripe on the back which contains much of the
    information on the front of the license.  The stripe will enable a
    business entity to store information contained on a driver's license
    simply by scanning the card through a reader.
    A publication by the Department of Motor Vehicles dated May 1991
    ("Department of Motor Vehicles Magnetic Stripe Drivers
    License/Identification Card") states that "using point of sale (POS)
    readers and printers, the business community can electronically
    record the DL [driver's license] /ID number on receipts and business
    records."  The publication notes that "magnetic stripe readers are
    readily available, relatively low in cost, and are already available
    in many retail outlets."
    However, a merchant might access much more than the driver's
    license/ID number; the publication notes that "readers have been
    produced, and market available readers can be modified that will
    read the three tracks of information contained on the California
    card."  According to the publication, the tracks contain information
    such as license type, name, address, sex, hair-color, eye-color,
    height, weight, restrictions, issue date.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-21 22:46:38
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Why Plan-9? 
Hash: SHA1
This says nothing about current development.  Word I've heard (from
someone tangentially involved with the project) was that the release was
something of a desperation move.  As someone who watches free software
licences closely, the Plan 9 license is one of the more twisted bits of
corporate-authored licenses.  Not necessarially bad, but it reeks of
compromise clauses speaking to internal battles.  Rumor was that a
codebase that had been stable for a couple of years saw a slew of
commits in the weeks leading to the public release.
How about its external use track record?
The license is *not* OSI certified, nor is it considered Free Software
by the FSF.
    OSI approved licenses list:
        FSF discussion of Plan 9 License:
    This is a plus.  There are other systems which provide this, from
Guardian GNU/Linux to, IIRC, Jon Shapiro's EROS.  EROS shares a number
of design similarities with Plan 9, as I understand, though I can't
admit to more than a nodding aquaintance with either.
Ditto GNU/Linux.
What does this mean?  How does this compare with, say, GNU/Linux and
How does this compare with, say, journaled filesystems?  I'm not
challenging, I don't understand the statement above and am not familiar
with the technology.
Built into what?  Filesystems?  Networking?  How does this differ from a
GNU/Linux approach of providing encrypted filesystems and/or FreeSWAN
and/or SSH as modules and/or userspace.
...which are granted via...?  Passwords, perhaps?
Oh, now *that's* compelling....
What's Inferno?

@_date: 2001-10-21 21:56:28
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: And another one bites the dust, another one down, another 
gpg: Invalid passphrase; please try again ...
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
     Frist, R-Tenn., said the man must have been exposed to an intense
     form of the bacterium, strong enough to move through his
     respiratory track and deep into his lungs.
This leads one to question the descriptions of anthrax as "weaponized"
and "non-weaponized", particularly as there are several dimensions of
weaponization.  The lesser is spore size, with 5 micron being the
preferred form for inducing inhalation anthrax.  The greater is
antibiotic resistance, and it appears that this is the criterion on
which statements of "non-weaponized anthrax" are being made.  Truth
seems to be that resistance is secondary to spore size given the
difficulty of treating advanced cases of inhalation anthrax.
My suggestion to the press would be to disaggregate the term
"weaponized" to its components:  inhalable, and antibiotic resistant.
This provides the public with more useful information:  the bacterium is
or is not a grave infection threat (inhalable), and the bacterium is or
is not treatable (resistant).  This is actionable information:
inhalable, but nonresistant, anthrax means that individuals should be
aware of respiratory illness symptoms and submit for early diagnosis
and/or treatment. The media hype also tends to ignore the fact that anthrax is, in the
forms detected to date, largely treatable.  Gross attempts at
containment (expensive) are less advisable than identification and
treatment of exposed individuals (less expensive).

@_date: 2001-10-22 22:00:11
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Additional Anthrax Deaths Suspected 
on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 02:36:58PM -0700, Karsten M. Self
Memo to self:  include URLs.
    Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-22 21:36:58
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Additional Anthrax Deaths Suspected 
on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 12:14:29PM -0700, Eric Cordian
    antrax: n. AKA mailsorter's disease
    (Future dictionary entry)
There is a vaccine for anthrax.  It's not generally distributed, though
military and vetinary personnel may receive it.  The CDC's fact sheet
states that it requires six doses (three at two week intervals, then six
months), protects against cutaneous and inhalation anthrax, and
requires an annual booster.  There are some risks of the vaccine, though
exposure risks are higher, the worst is a sever allergic reaction,
observed in less than 1 in 100,000 doses.
Might it make sense to vaccinate mailroom personnel?  Like high-end
routers on the 'Net, this is where the current delivery mechanism is
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-22 23:55:22
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Farm Out! (was Re: Retribution not enough) 
That's wishful thinking, Declan.  After, all, this is a capatilist
society.  What's in it for me? [1]
1.  Gratuitous abuse from Tim May, of course.  Back to the cornfield.

@_date: 2001-10-24 00:24:02
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: USPS:  glowing by leaps and bounds 
on Tue, Oct 23, 2001 at 08:31:38AM -0700, David Honig (honig
OTOH, futures for nuclear winter wheat are strong.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-23 11:23:57
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: USPS:  glowing by leaps and bounds 
Irradiation equipment is being considered for mail processing, heard
both over NPR's Morning Edition, and referenced in a story posted to
        KSAT
    Monday October 22 08:39 PM EDT
    Safety Concerns Grow Among Postal Customers, Inspectors
    [...]
    The U.S. Postal Service said Monday that it is looking into a
    technological method that could block the movement of anthrax in the
    mail.
    Postal Inspector Doug Turner said the postal service has studied how
    radiation equipment used to kill bacteria in foods could help
    against the germ threats.
    "The radiation would kill the bacteria that might be involved with
    the mail," Turner said.
    But there is no official word on whether the irradiation equipment
    would make it's way to San Antonio.
    [...]
I would hope that relatively short-term leases are being considered.  Or
is this going to be a long-term threat?
Any pointers on packaging for photographic and/or magnetic media through
mail to survive irradiation equipment?  How about the magstrips on all
those credit cards issued through the mail?
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-25 01:59:20
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Where the torture never stops.. 
on Wed, Oct 24, 2001 at 07:12:13PM -0700, John Young (jya
    Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-25 06:06:41
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: House chairman doesn't want "parochial" issues to stop 
on Thu, Oct 25, 2001 at 12:44:48AM -0400, Declan McCullagh (declan
So, who're the Senate holdouts?  90+ votes means a filibuster's
impossible under cloture rules, no?
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-26 05:14:52
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Senate approves USA Act, sends to Bush, Ashcroft vows "new 
on Thu, Oct 25, 2001 at 02:31:42PM -0400, Declan McCullagh (declan
                              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    ^^^^^^^^
Conviction without trial?
The following sentence also parses ambiguously.  Is that "taking
suspected terrorists, who are in violation of the law, off the
streets...", or "taking, in violation of the law, suspected terrorists
off the streets..."?
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-30 22:40:09
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Transperancy Spray? 
on Tue, Oct 30, 2001 at 10:25:54AM -0800, mmotyka (mmotyka
Or "security" envelopes, possibly.
First, is that what this spray is?  Any information on the chemical
Freon's pretty chemically inert.  That's among its advantages, though
it's a liability in the upper atmosphere.  Other options might be some
indicator that notes a rapid change in temperature (evaporating
refrigerant does a nice job of lowering temperature quickly), or
presence of a fluid.  Even a nonreactive chemical could float something
loosely applied to a letter.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-30 08:42:07
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Transperancy Spray? 
on Mon, Oct 29, 2001 at 10:23:55PM -0800, Max Inux (maxinux
That's been around quite the while:
            Source: Robert Uhlig, Electronic Telegraph
    Date: 3rd March, 2001
    [We've got mail] An aerosol spray that makes unopened envelopes
    transparent so that the contents can be read has been invented.
    "You spray it on and it temporarily makes the envelope clear," said
    Robert Schlegel, vice-president of the makers, Mistral Security, of
    Maryland. "It leaves an odor for 10 to 15 minutes, but there is no
    smudging of ink, no stain, no evidence at all. The envelope is
    transparent for a few minutes and you can respray it hundreds of
    times without leaving any stain."
I'd heard of use of same by CIA going back maybe ten years, if not
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-30 22:59:26
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Napster execs needing culling 
on Tue, Oct 30, 2001 at 06:31:49AM -0800, Khoder bin Hakkin (hakkin
Misappropriation, not theft.  These aren't material goods.  You might
also read the Wind Done Gone ruling and reexamine exlusive rights to see
what you own under copyright in a work -- hint:  it's not the work.
I'd also recommend for reading 17 USC 115, "Scope of exclusive rights in
nondramatic musical works: Compulsory license for making and
distributing phonorecords", providing for compulsory licensing for
distribution and making arrangements (covers) of a work.
    Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-31 02:36:41
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: NOTAM:  GA prohibited w/in 10 miles of nuke plants 
Copied from a friend, generally reliable.  NOTAMs are eventually posted
to a few publicly available sites:
    !FDC 1/1763 FDC PART 1 OF 6 TEMPORARY FLIGHT RESTRICTIONS OVER
    NUCLEAR SITES. FOR REASONS OF NATIONAL SECURITY. EFFECTIVE
    IMMEDIATELY UNTIL NOVEMBER 07, 2001 0500 UTC. PURSUANT TO TITLE 14
    CFR SECTIONS 91.139, EMERGENCY AIR TRAFFIC RULES AND 99.7 SPECIAL
    SECURITY INSTRUCTIONS. ALL GENERAL AVIATION FLIGHT OPERATIONS ARE
    PROHIBITED WITHIN A 10 NAUTICAL MILES RADIUS OF AND BELOW 18000 FEET
    MSL OVER THE BELOW LISTED NUCLEAR SITES EXCEPT FOR MEDEVAC, LAW
    ENFORCEMENT, RESCUE/RECOVERY, EMERGENCY EVACUATION AND FIRE FIGHTING
    OPERATIONS WHEN AUTHORIZED BY ATC:
He continues:
    I've got no idea what the hell they're doing, but damn, a GA plane
    wouldn't do more than scratch the friggen concrete on a nuke plant.
    (It was wondered what a plane crash would do, so a F-4 Phantom II
    was rammed into a containment wall at 600+ MPH, it penetrated 2.5
    inches. (Its a 6 foot wall).
    Grrrr. Insane restrictions. Bullyboys in uniforms pushing around,
    people held illegally.
Sounds like the feds are treating the current "credible threat" as broad
and shutting down all options.  Anyone care to posit a scenario in which
GA could threaten a nuke?
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-09 10:07:05
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: WashPost:  DoJ to monitor lawyer's calls 
Pointer from Dan Gillmor's SJMerc column.
   U.S. Will Monitor Calls to Lawyers
   Rule on Detainees Called 'Terrifying'
   By George Lardner Jr.
   Washington Post Staff Writer
   Friday, November 9, 2001; Page A01
    The Justice Department has decided to listen in on the conversations
    of lawyers with clients in federal custody, including people who have
    been detained but not charged with any crime, whenever that is deemed
    necessary to prevent violence or terrorism.
    Attorney General John D. Ashcroft approved the eavesdropping rule on
    an emergency basis last week, without the usual waiting period for
    public comment.  It went into effect immediately, permitting the
    government to monitor conversations and intercept mail between people
    in custody and their attorneys for up to a year at a time.
    The move, which the Justice Department said was necessary "in view of
    the immediacy of the dangers to the public," stunned defense lawyers
    and civil libertarians.  They assailed it as an unconstitutional attack
    on the right to counsel and, in the words of American Civil Liberties
    Union official Laura W. Murphy, "a terrifying precedent."
    The monitoring of attorney-client conversations is the latest in a
    series of extraordinary law enforcement measures the government has
    taken in response to the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on New York and
    Washington.
    President Bush last week signed the USA Patriot Act, a bill that gives
    the government a freer hand to conduct searches, detain or deport
    suspects, eavesdrop on Internet communications, monitor financial
    transactions and obtain electronic records on individuals.  The
    administration also has promised to crack down on immigration
    violations, Congress is considering legislation to tighten airport
    security, and Ashcroft announced yesterday that he is reorganizing the
    Justice Department and FBI to concentrate on terrorism.
    Until now, communications between inmates and their attorneys have
    been exempt from the usual monitoring of social phone calls and visits
    at the 100 federal prisons around the country.
    According to a summary published in the Federal Register Oct. 31, the
    monitoring will be conducted without a court order whenever the
    attorney general certifies "that reasonable suspicion exists to
    believe that an inmate may use communications with attorneys or their
    agents to facilitate acts of terrorism."
    The definition of "inmate" previously covered only people in custody
    of the federal Bureau of Prisons, but it was changed to cover anyone
    "held as witnesses, detainees or otherwise" by INS agents, U.S.
    marshals or other federal authorities.  Since Sept. 11, the government
    has detained nearly 1,200 people, many on immigration violations.  The
    Bush administration has declined to say how many have been released.
    Explaining the new rule, the Justice Department said authorities "may
    have substantial reason to believe that certain inmates who have been
    involved in terrorist activities will pass messages through their
    attorneys (or the attorney's legal assistant or an interpreter) to
    individuals on the outside for the purpose of continuing terrorist
    activities."
    The president of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers,
    Irwin Schwartz of Seattle, denounced the eavesdropping as "an
    abomination" and said it would be challenged in court at the first
    opportunity.
    "The Code of Professional Responsibility is quite clear: a lawyer must
    maintain confidentiality," Schwartz said.  "If we can't speak with a
    client confidentially, we may not speak with him at all.  And if we
    can't do that, the client is stripped of his Sixth Amendment right to
    have a lawyer."
    The Justice Department said it will set up "procedural safeguards" to
    protect the right to counsel.  Inmates and their attorneys will be
    notified "of the government's listening activities," and the
    monitoring will be done by a special "taint team" that will not
    disclose what it hears to federal prosecutors or investigators without
    approval by a federal judge, officials said.
    Records of clearly privileged information, such as a discussion about
    a client's defense, will not be retained by the monitors, the
    department said.  "Apart from disclosures necessary to thwart an
    imminent act of violence or terrorism, any disclosures to
    investigators or prosecutors must be approved by a federal judge," it
    added.
    The critics were not mollified.  "Who's going to be on the taint team?"
    asked Kate Martin, director of the Center for National Security
    Studies, a nonprofit group in Washington.  "The government says it's
    building a mosaic, processing thousands of bits and pieces of
    information that may seem innocuous at first glance.  How is the 'taint
    team' going to know if something a person says to a lawyer is part of
    the mosaic or not without sharing it with others?  This seems to be a
    useless safeguard.  What if they think what they overhear is in code?"
    Martin said monitoring of witnesses and others who have not been
    convicted would be "particularly outrageous." Murphy, who is director
    of the ACLU's Washington national office, agreed, saying, "the idea
    that this could be happening to innocent people is really disturbing."
    A lawyer's effectiveness, she added, can be dramatically diminished if
    the government is listening in, making a client fearful of disclosing
    all that the attorney needs to know to mount a forceful defense.
    The attorney-client eavesdropping authority is an addition to the
    "special administrative measures" the government has imposed on
    certain inmates since the World Trade Center bombing in 1993 and the
    bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma City in 1995.  They include
    solitary confinement, interception of mail and restrictions on
    visitors and telephone calls.  But until Ashcroft signed the new
    regulation, they were limited to 120-day periods.  Now, all such steps
    can be ordered for a year at a time and renewed indefinitely at
    one-year intervals.
    Those under "special measure" regimes include Omar Abdul Rahman, the
    blind sheik convicted in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing; Abdul
    Hakim Murad and Wali Khan Amin Shah, convicted of conspiracy to blow
    up 12 civilian jumbo jets; Eyad Ismail and Ramzi Yousef, two others
    convicted in the WTC bombing; Wadih Hage, convicted of conspiring to
    kill Americans around the world; and Mohammed Saddiq Odeh and Mohamed
    Rashed Daoud Owhali, who were convicted in the 1998 bombings of the
    U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
    At a trial last June, an Algerian witness said Rahman issued a "fatwa"
    or religious ruling from prison, telling followers to "fight Americans
    and hit their interests everywhere."
    Staff researcher Lynn Davis contributed to this report.
    ) 2001 The Washington Post Company
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-03 01:22:20
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Napster execs needing culling 
on Fri, Nov 02, 2001 at 10:56:20PM -0000, Anonymous (nobody
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-05 03:47:55
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: FW: Damn ! I wish I'd though ot fhis myself 
on Sun, Nov 04, 2001 at 02:39:52PM -0800, Sandy Sandfort
Terminal velocity of dust is pretty low.
Reports are that the bulk of the WTC debris are same.  There are
structural components from the base of the towers, and debris from
neigboring buildings, which are more substantial.
Frankly, a modicum of HE attached to a guided device is more effective
There's a poetic sense to this, but not much military practicality.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-08 00:44:29
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Minneapolis, Nov 15: Fwd: [free-sklyarov] Bruce Schneier talk 
on Wed, Nov 07, 2001 at 09:34:36AM -0600, Jim Crumley (crumley
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-08 23:17:23
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
on Thu, Nov 08, 2001 at 03:58:04PM -0500, Trei, Peter (ptrei
...and, as previously reported here, an age-old practice:
    It's an older practice than you'd think.  I just ran across the
    following while looking at some IBM history, regarding the
    "Hollerith Card":
    Maybe someone should propose a "three strikes" law for suicide terror
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-18 07:40:42
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
One of my regrets is never having met Feynman.  I've enjoyed his works.
The risks I'm referring to are those resulting in his visits to Oak
Ridge at which he found that workers didn't know of, let alone
understand, the concept of criticality.
I believe the issue was covered at more depth in _Surely You Must be
Joking_ or _What do You Care What Other People Think_, but I've just got
Gleick's biography _Genius_ handy.  P. 198-199.  It's explicit that
Feynman was part of the assessment and solution of the situation:
    At Oak Ridge, where the first batches of enriched uranium were
    acculating, a few officials began to consider some of the problems
    that might arise.  One letter that made its way to Los Alamos from
    Oak Ridge opened, "Dear Sir, At the present time no provisions have
    been made in the 9207 Area for stopping reactions resulting from the
    bringing together by accident of an unsafe quantity of material...."
    Would it make sense, asked the writer -- a plant superintendent with
    the Tennessee Eastman Corporation -- to install some kind of
    advanced fire-extinguishing equipment, possibly using special
    chemicals?  [Robert] Oppenheimer recognized the peril waiting in
    such questions.  He brought in [Edward] Teller and Emilio Segre,
    head of the experimental division's radioactivity group.  Segre paid
    an inspection visit, other thorists were assigned, and finally the
    problem was turned over to Fenyman, with his expertise in
    critical-mass calculations.
    [A situation exacerbated by storage of "wet" uranium -- water being
    an effective damper, lowering requirements for a critical episode.]
    ....Through dozens of rooms in a series of buildings Feynman saw
    drums with 300 gallons, 600 gallons, 3,000 gallons....He relaized
    that the plant was headed toward a catastrophe.  At some point the
    buildup of uranium would case a nuclear reaction that would release
    heat and radioactivity at near-explosive speed....He laid out an
    detailed program for ensuring safety.  He also invented a practical
    method...that would let engineers make a conservative approximation,
    on the spoot, of the safe levels of bomb material stored in various
    geometrical layouts.  A few people, long afterward, thought he had
    saved their lives.
A more recent incident of similar nature was the Oct. 1, 1999,
Tokaimura, Japan incident in which at least 19 workers were exposed to
radiation from a critical mass of enriched uranium nuclear fuel, later
reports put the number as high as 667 workers and residents.
            Radiation levels reportedly reached 15,000 times normal levels 1.2
    miles from the site, too high to allow worke to approach the
    accident site. Residents within a 10 kilometer (six mile) radius of
    the plant have been told to stay indoors. The order affects close to
    300,000 people. About 160 were evacuated.
Two workers in the incident died as a result of radiation exposure,
Hisashi Ouchi, December 22, 1999, Masato Shinohara April 27, 2000.  The
third worker most directly exposed to the incident, Yutaka Yokokawa, was
released from hospital in December, 1999.
The direct cause of the Tokaimura incident appears to have been
corporate corner (and cost) cutting, sanctioned by the plants owners to
the extent it was part of documented procedure:
        The accident happened when workers preparing nuclear fuels mixed
    uranium oxide with nitric acid using a stainless steel container
    instead of a mixing apparatus. This shortcut was described in an
    illegal operating manual drafted by the company. The manual had
    never been approved by the supervising ministry, as was legally
    required. The procedure violated some of the most basic safety
    requirements that were well known in the nuclear industries since
    the early 1940s. By circumventing the mixing apparatus an excessive
    amount of nuclear fuel could be inserted at any one time, which lead
    to a nuclear chain reaction. Most likely the illegal shortcut was an
    attempt to save costs in order to be more competitive with foreign
    fuel suppliers. The shortcut had been used for seven or eight years
    before the accident happened. The three workers were performing this
    task for the first time and were wearing t-shirts instead of
    protective clothing and the required film badges to measure
    radioactive exposure.
The issue under discussion is long-term contamination resulting from
military nuclear projects.  Contamination at the Hanford facility has
been well documented; one quick cite:
        Hanford waste disposal practices throughout its production history
    were horrendously shoddy. Government officials estimate that as much
    as 450 billion gallons of contaminated liquid wastes were dumped to
    the soils. As a result, the groundwater under more than 85 square
    miles of the site is contaminated above current standards. Some of
    the most radioactive materials were stored in underground tanks,
    constructed of concrete and containing a carbon steel liner.  Of the
    177 underground tanks, 69 are acknowledged to have failed so far,
    and to have leaked radioactive and chemically toxic solutions to the
    soils, where they have migrated to the groundwater which feeds the
    Columbia River.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-17 23:29:04
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
This analysis neglects consideration of several points:
  - Nation-states (even authoritarian ones) will likely want to create
    both a sustained program, not merely crank out a few crude nukes,
    and preserve the talent involved.  One-offs are almost always easier
    to complete than a production effort, but the lowered total cost is
    offset by a higher unit cost.  The terrorist organization can
    accomplish its goals with crude tactics and marginally effective
    devices.  Credible military threat isn't as simple.
  - Credible military weapons have minimum requirements of both efficacy
    -- efficient use of supercritical energy -- and predictability --
    having the damned thing go off in the silo / bunker / hanger /
    munitions dump rather than the chosen target isn't particularly
    useful.
Tighter constraints => Longer fulfillment time.
The original US project, as described by Feynman, involved much
radiation exposure and high risks of criticality incidents at Oak Ridge,
some of which are documented in his biographical essay collections.  The
Hanford reservation is still a glowing waste zone, much of which greatly
postdates a fairly deep understanding of radiation hazards.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-25 22:53:16
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
First:  this is somewhat orthogonal:
  - Only a portion of the book is being copied.  This makes the
    reproduction cost significantly different from the sale cost of the
    authorized book.
  - Materials from many sources are being assimilated, raising total
    costs; and the holding period for the materials is generally short
    (the duration of a quarter or semester).  Production-quality
    bindings and archive-quality paper aren't required.
Second:  where exactly is this occuring?  You seem to indicate smaller
I worked at Kinko's during the period 1989 - 1992, largely serving UC
Davis.  This was during the period Kinko's was involved in a large
copyright infringement suit (Basic Books v. Kinko's, ultimately lost by
Kinko's to the tune of US$1.3m) over the issue of "Professor
Publishing", the coursepack preparation service.  As Tim indicated, this
was a core of Kinko's business model from the company's founding in
Santa Barbara in the early 1970s.
Kinko's, at least, of major copy centers, has significantly revised its
processes, both securing copyright clearance on more (most?) of the
materials, and deemphasizing the role of Professor Publishing within
At the time I left the company, there was a strong awareness for all
employees about making unauthorized copies (and you'll occasionally hear
stories about people who're denied service to copy materials they own),
at least when this is done "behind the counter".  What customers did in
the self-serve area was largely unregulated.
Care to name any of the shops at which this was occuring?  Kinko's,
AlphaGraphics (are they still around?), and other high-profile repro
shops tend to have fairly strong policies regarding unauthorized
copying.  The same tends to extend to copy centers run by colleges and
universities.  Smaller, privately held shops tend to play faster and
In the case of Kinko's, the covered materials were most if not all in my
experience, with a sheet listing clearances added to packs by the time
I'd left.  There's also the Copyright Clearance Center (CCC:
 formed in the 1970s, which has played a
significant role in recent photocopy copyright infringement claims as,
as its existence has "removed any excuse for unauthorized copying"
(Paul Goldstein, _Copyright's Highway_, Hill & Wang, 1994).
Peace.  Tim May excepted.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-12-07 06:05:52
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: slavery in New Jersey 
on Fri, Dec 07, 2001 at 05:39:24AM -0000, Dr. Evil (drevil
Unfortunately, the usual response is for Tim May to take a bead on you
for being altruistic and helpful to humanity.
I've taken to reflowing stuff locally.  My bounces to list were not well
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-12-02 08:43:13
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions 
Defeat:  create a log buffer file of fixed size, logged activity changes
its contents, but not the size of the file.  E.g.:  a filesystem image
file under GNU/Linux.  Techniques could be used to maintain a constant
global MD5 checksum to defeat other detection attempts.
Manipulating file create/modify times is trivial under most OSs.
These measures can be taken for specific, high-security, messages.  Risk
profiles are not isomorphic in all circumstances.
Many of which are woefully poorly designed.  Zimmerman at ALS spoke of
one in which the key was stored in cleartext within the dongle, don't
recall the specific device.
The iPod's definitely an attractive target for portable computing, it's
also fairly robust (I bounced the demo off the hardwood floor of Apple's
Palo Alto store from about 4-5 ft.).  It appears you're just using it
for storage purposes.  Note that this still requires trusting the
environment to which the iPod is attached.
Various handhelds, particularly running an advanced OS (e.g.:
GNU/Linux), would be similarly attractive devices, readily kept on ones
person at most times, and support encrypted filesystems or files.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-12-01 02:07:32
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Cattle Herding... (was Re: in praise of gold) 
on Tue, Nov 27, 2001 at 06:52:04AM -0800, David Honig (honig
No.  Etruscan T-Bills.  Fertilized eggs.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-12-01 02:06:54
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: Cattle Herding... (was Re: in praise of gold) 
on Mon, Nov 26, 2001 at 05:21:07PM -0800, georgemw
No, actually, you probably came out about $1.60 ahead.
"Farebox recovery" -- the amount of a transit system's expenses that are
covered by direct rider payments -- tends about 30% - 40% of expenses.
This varies widely, a sparsely-attended rural service might rate 10%
returns, typical suburban service 15-20%, a well-served metro transit
system might come as high as 50-55%.
You're also neglecting the possibility that the fare might not have been
a whole cow, but just cost you an arm and a leg.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2003-01-20 21:41:01
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: [linux-elitists] LOCAL Stanford University: face down the 
Gilmore and others have also been audience members.  The CPRM lecture
was attended by John, myself, and other concerned community members.
The forums are *open to the public*.  A proportionate response is both
expected and apprpriate.
Why should a presentation at this venue be any different from protests
of immoral principles or activities in any other context?

@_date: 2003-01-20 21:41:01
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: [linux-elitists] LOCAL Stanford University: face down the DMCA enforcers (fwd) 
Gilmore and others have also been audience members.  The CPRM lecture
was attended by John, myself, and other concerned community members.
The forums are *open to the public*.  A proportionate response is both
expected and apprpriate.
Why should a presentation at this venue be any different from protests
of immoral principles or activities in any other context?

@_date: 2003-01-19 20:31:14
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: [linux-elitists] LOCAL Stanford University: face down the DMCA enforcers 
Larry:  Please don't CC: me on list mail.  I read it.
I've also written you off-list on community norms.  I'd strongly
recommend you reqcquaint yourself with ESR's "Email Quoting" essay:
    Whether they're aware of it may or may not be a matter of debate.  DMCA
is certainly relevant.
I'm not as familiar with Dennis.  I know that John intends the
colloquium in part for its role in bringing the two sides of such
debates together.  For harsh questioning or making of statements if
The collquia _are_ a venue in which public statements and feedback can
be made.  For many of those who lead more sheltered roles in
technological development, this may be one of the few opportunities they
have to emerge into daylight.
The colloquia are also taped, broadcast over SITN, and streamed over the
Internet.  A number of technology companies follow the series.  The
press are not infrequent attendees.  Your audience is larger than just
those in the basement of the Gates building.
I suppose we're going to appeal to our bought-and-paid for legislators.
Or the "we dare not disturb the balance" courts?  Why not tell the front
line that they're on the wrong side?  I guess the Auschwitz guards also
had a tough time, so, everybody, let's not be too hard on them.
Memo to Larry:  sometimes, just sometimes, the dude on the front line
realizes he's *on the wrong side*, and is in precisely the right
position to do something about it.  Why deny Mssrs Lalone, Miravelle,
and Demma this opportunity to orient their moral compass?
Well there, that's actually a semi-sensible suggestion.

@_date: 2003-01-18 02:45:49
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: [linux-elitists] LOCAL Stanford University: face down the DMCA enforcers 
Note that the CSL Colloquia are a great opportunity to meet with all
sorts of folks on all aspects of technology.  The faculty, particularly
John Wharton, are very aware that they offer an opening for the public,
and the range of viewpoints presented is large (Lessig spoke at the CSL
a year ago).
Target the _speakers_ and _philosophy_, not the program itself.
That said -- go forth and make a joyous noise ;-)

@_date: 2003-12-12 03:07:01
@_author: "Karsten M. Self" 
@_subject: Re: [linux-elitists] Monday 15 Dec: first all-Open Source 
Content-Disposition: inline
Content-Disposition: inline
