
@_date: 2014-07-27 18:37:35
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Russia open procurement for report on deanonymization of Tor users 
It's normal, almost all Russian procurements are like this. Also, it can
be only companies that have licenses for access to classified
information and for producing wiretapping devices, I'm not sure it can
be citizens. Probably it will be some companies like MFI Soft or Norsi
Trans who already produce devices Russian mass-surveillance program SORM.
There is something more about that companies
Not very likely. I don't think break Tor costs just $111,500. It seems
more like report on existing weaknesses.
Also, Russian journalists found some more interesting procurements
published same day by same agency, including tender for trojan (

@_date: 2014-07-24 14:15:15
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Russia open procurement for report on deanonymization of Tor users 
It's tender by "Special equipment and communication of Ministry of
Internal Affairs". Title fully says "Study the possibility of obtaining
technical information about users (user equipment) on anonymous network
Tor, codename TOR (navy)"
~$111500 (3 900 000 roubles)

@_date: 2014-08-14 17:27:23
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Ukraine passed the bill about sanctions in first reading, it give power to close media, websites 
Seems like it finally passed, but without that bad things
But seems like The National Television and Radio Broadcasting Council of
Ukraine asking now for blocking Russian-language Euronews (but not
Ukrainian), says it's "propagandist"

@_date: 2014-08-08 17:08:27
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Russia want to force all Internet resources install their surveillance system 
PM Dmitry Medvedev signed a decree about an upgrade to Russian
surveillance system targeted to users of websites.
It says that "organizer of spreading of the information" must sign a
plan with Federal Security Service to install surveillance
software/hardware with direct link to Federal Security Service, like it
works with ISPs and other communication providers now. The details about
installed software and hardware is confidential. It's not clear who will
pay for this, but probably it will be resource owners, like it work with
ISPs and other communication operators.
"Organizer of spreading of the information" is a term introduced by
Federal law N 97-FZ of 05.05.2014 (called by media "bloggers law"
because it also force bloggers to register in special "bloggers
registry"), it means somebody who make works something that send any
information over the Internet, basically it's any website, email server
or anything. That law also force them to store all logs about user's
actions (even for anonymous users) for 6 months.
It's not only Federal Security Service who can access that information,
it's any authority who has the right to do operative investigate
activities. Currently it's near 6 authorities, including Federal Drug
Service, Federal Tax Service, Federal Guard Service and others.
Federal law N 97-FZ of 05.05.2014 came in force on 1st August.
From the fact that Russian telephone surveillance system called SORM
(system for operative investigative activities), SORM-2 for Internet,
and SORM-3 for storing logs, this can be named SORM-4.
 the
decree (in Russian)
 "Bloggers law" (in
 news report (in Russian)

@_date: 2014-08-05 08:24:20
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Russian League for Internet Safety propose "pre-filtration of the Internet" 
League for Internet Safety want "two-level filtration of the Internet" —
by blacklists (what already works in Russia) and by content analysis
system which can block a website if the content is prohibited by law.
"We propose an Internet filtration system, which can automatically in
real-time determine content of the webpage requested by the user", —
said Denis Davidov, head of league. "The system evaluate content of
webpage and determine a category to which that information relates. If
the category if forbidden, the system automatically blocks a webpage."
League for Internet Safety is a lobbyist organization for Internet
censorship. First censorship law,
 , is their work.
 (in Russian)

@_date: 2014-08-04 17:54:28
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Ukraine's Security Service asking for blocking separatists websites 
Security Service of Ukraine send a letter to Ukrainian Internet
Association asking for blocking websites which "promotes war, ethnic
hatred, violent changing the constitutional order or territorial
integrity of Ukraine".
List include many Russian-language websites related to separatist
movement of Eastern Ukraine, two videos on YouTube, polish website
wolna-polska.pl and Russian game steaming community goodgame.ru (?).
Ukrainian Internet Association is a trade association of
Internet-related companies founded in 2000.
Original letter
 (in

@_date: 2014-08-01 20:10:55
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Russia want completely ban Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies 
Ministry of Finance of Russia drafted a bill to ban cryptocurrencies
with administrative or criminal penalty for mining and other operation.
Also they want to censor bitcoin-related websites.
This will come into force in 2015.
 (in Russian)

@_date: 2014-08-12 13:01:43
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Ukraine passed the bill about sanctions in first reading, it give power to close media, websites, an 
It includes many types of sanctions, but most interesting is that ones:
9) the prohibition or restriction of the retransmission of television
and radio channels;
10) the prohibition to use radio frequency resource of Ukraine;
11) the restriction or termination of the media or other information
activities, including those in the Internet;
12) the restriction or prohibition of production or distribution of
printed materials and other information materials;
24) the prohibition of political parties, movements and other civil
society associations and foundations;
So if that bill will be passed, National Security and Defense Council
can ban any foreign media, website, foundation, movement, printed
material, etc. without court.
 news report (in Ukrainian)
 text (in

@_date: 2014-09-20 10:32:59
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Russia moves date when personal data law came into force to 1st Jan 2015 
Today Duma have passed in first reading bill which moves date when
personal data law came into force from 1st Sep 2016 to 1st Jan 2015.
Original law forbid storing any personal data of Russian users outside
of Russia.
"We need to speed up the law, it's not a secret that personal data is
the object of attention of criminals and special services of Western
countries." — says one of the authors, Alexandr Yushenko from Communists
"And maybe we need to forbid all that social networks, as in Iran? Let
everyone involved in amateur, go to the cinema, museums. They sit alone
in that networks, or acquaint with somebody, and then follows sexual
promiscuity. It's indeed dangerous, you just say an extra word — and
then claim on you in court!" — says Vitaliy Zolochevsky, member of LDPR
438 votes for, 0 against, 0 abstained.
Voting results Report  (in Russian)
Another one  (in Russian)

@_date: 2014-10-05 12:55:31
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: UPD: draft is available Re: Russia want completely ban Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies 
Surrogates actually banned since 90s, but nobody knows what money
surrogates is, there was no lawful definition, and as far I remember,
first time it was used in a letters from Bank of Russia and Prosecutor
General which says Bitcoin is surrogates
Funny thing that with such definition they ban anything except ruble,
including money in computer games, some payment systems, etc.
Russian Duma acts crazy last time, they voted for many crazy bills, and
this one will just continue the trend, so there probably no real reason
for ban. Bitcoin is not so popular in Russia, it take a really little
part in drug deals or anything other, but probably they will attempt to
justify the ban with drugs, there is some talks on drugs started last
time, which very overestimated the problem.
That probably will work like "we google bitcoin and ban first 20 or more
links, repeat every day/week/month", that way it works with drugs or
suicides, they banned many doorways, jokes or even slang terms not
related to any crime (like an article on boosters from EVE Online, in
Russian community it's called "drugs", or latest GitHub ban for an
article which recommends you to commit a suicide with starting WWIII,
using nanomachines from science fiction, making a nuclear bomb from your
own body, etc.) because of that.

@_date: 2014-10-03 13:03:03
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: UPD: draft is available Re: Russia want completely ban Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies 
OK, draft is available now:
Draft bans surrogate money and defines this as currency, including the
electronic, used for payments or/and exchange, beside the ones described
in federal law (definitely this includes bitcoins).
Emission, creating and distribution software for emission of money
surrogates, distribution of information which can be used to emission
money surrogates and/or operation with them, operation with money
surrogates: 30-50k rubles ($750-1.25k) for citizens, 60-100k
($1.5k-2.5k) for govt officials, 500k-1m ($12.5k-25k) for legal entities.
Also it gives power to the Bank of Russia to censor websites related to
the emission and operations with money surrogates.
If any Russians read this: you can add proxy=127.0.0.1:9050 to your
bitcoin.conf/litecoin.conf/dogecoin.conf/etc., and this will proxy all
your connection via Tor network (of course you need also to run Tor for

@_date: 2014-11-10 16:42:48
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: National Bank of Ukraine on Bitcoin 
"...hryvnia is the only legal tender in Ukraine, adopted by all natural
and legal persons without any restriction on all territory of Ukraine
for the transfer and settlement.
Issuing and turnover any other currencies [besides hryvnia] and using of
money surrogates for payments is forbidden<...>
Given the above, National Bank of Ukraine considers "virtual
currency/cryptocurrency" Bitcoin as a money surrogate that isn't
providing real value and can not be used by individuals and entities on
the territory of Ukraine for payments, because it is contrary to the
norms of Ukrainian legislation.
However, the international distribution of such payments attractive for
illegal activities, including money laundering and financing of
terrorist activities.
We emphasize that user is responsible for all the risks in use "virtual
currency/cryptocurrency" Bitcoin. National Bank of Ukraine as a
regulator is not liable for risks and losses associated with use of
"virtual currency/cryptocurrency" Bitcoin.
In order to protect consumers rights and safety of money transfer,
National Bank of Ukraine encourages citizens to use services of only
those payment systems/settlement systems, which included the National
Bank's Registry of payment systems, settlement systems, participants in
these systems and service providers of payment infrastructure."
So it's not says Ukraine bans Bitcoin (some media already published such
statements), it says Bitcoin already illegal in Ukraine, as any currency
besides hryvnia, and says govt isn't responsible for any risks with
using Bitcoin.
Official statement:
(in Ukrainian)
Law of Ukraine "About National bank of Ukraine":
 (in Ukrainian)

@_date: 2014-12-30 19:21:08
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Firechat's Amazon S3 instance got blocked in Russia 
So firechat.s3.amazonaws.com with IPs 54.231.13.81, 54.231.13.89,
54.231.2.105, 54.231.32.137, 54.231.8.89, 54.231.9.17, 54.231.96.161 was
blocked in Russia by order 27-27-2014/Ид4349-14 of General Prosecutor.
That instance was used by Firechat to over-the-internet chats.
Firechat became very popular in Russia in last days (it's got to the top
of Apple's App Store) because of it's mesh-chat function and because of
planned rallies in support of Alexei Navalny. Rally was planned on 15
Jan, but as court yesterday decide to move the date of sentence to 30
Dec, it happened today. Alexei Navalny got 3.5 years of suspended
sentence, and his brother, Oleg, was jailed for 3.5 years.
This is the first time when some service got blocked that way, before
that there was only websites. It's not a big deal because of mesh chat.
Both firech.at & opengarden.com/firechat wasn't blocked and still works,
downloads from App Store & Google Play are fine too.
Due to how ISPs block things (IP blocking mainly), Russian users also
got a problems with many services which use S3.

@_date: 2014-12-27 11:40:41
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: UPD2: negative reaction from Ministry of Econ Development UPD: draft is available Re: Russia want co 
So Ministry of Economic Development reacts negatively on that draft,
says definition of "money surrogate" is too broad, in current redaction
that can lead to ban on almost everything (gift cards, loyalty programs,
It's not like they vote for Bitcoin, as RT says in title, seems like
they just want more realistic definition.
the revised bill to the Ministry of Economic Development, or submit it
to the government without changes, enclosing a table of differences on
the project.
 (English)
Anton Nesterov:

@_date: 2014-12-21 11:09:36
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Latest Belarusian censorship law & censorship actions 
Today President of Belarus signed a law which provides heavy regulation
to freedom of speech. Basically, it makes any website media and forbids
"information aimed at the propaganda of the war, extremist activities,
or the calls for such activities, pornography, violence, cruelty, and
any other informations which distribution can harm national interest of
the Republic of Belarus, or forbidden by this law, or by any other
legislative act of the Republic of Belarus". It also force owners of
websites to moderate user-generated content. Any website which violate
this will be blocked. Also the law forbids any media with more than 20%
of foreign investors.
The law was passed really fast, only on 17st it came info parliament,
and today, 21st, it's already signed by president. Nobody ever heard
that such law are coming, even in the rumors.
The law will came into force on 1st January.
Yesterday domain name onliner.by, which hosted Belarusian media portal,
was seized. They moved to onliner.ru.
Media portal 21.by was also blocked.
Two days ago some media was blocked, including charter97.org (they was
already blocked for years for some users), belaruspartisan.org,
gazetaby.com, zautra.by, udf.by, naviny.by, belapan.com, belapan.by.
Minister of Information Liliya Ananich asked media to use only official
sources and write articles in the national interest of the country.
Besides media censorship, there is some financial problems because of
Russian financial crisis. So the govt blocked 13 online markets which
posted prices in US dollars, also 3 websites (deal.by, migom.by,
kufar.by) was warned as they had ads on goods with price in $.
prokopovi.ch, p2p currency exchange, was also blocked.
 — text of the
law (Russian)
 (Russian)
 (Russian)
 (Russian)
 (Russian)

@_date: 2015-01-14 11:22:28
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?B?UmU6IFJ1c3NpYW4gYmxvY2thZGUgb2YgY29tbW9uIGJpdGNvaW4gc2k=?= =?UTF-8?B?dGVzLCBwb3NzaWJsZSB3b 
It's about heavy censorship.
I'm not sure how it will work, it seems really crazy, but following the
text, FB, Twitter, Wikipedia, Google, etc., basically any foreign
website which stores PD of at least one Russian citizen (by Russian
laws, PD is any data that can be used to identify a person, maybe even
IP in logs will be enough, maybe there is need for more info, but
profile in any social network will be enough for sure) should be blocked
on 1st September if they don't move their servers to Russia.
Yes, they use rhetoric like "you saw that shit in Snowden's docs, we
must protect Russians from the NSA, it's for your own good, you don't
want that 'muricans to spy on you, don't you", but of course privacy is
not what they want in the country that have FSB boxes (SORM) installed
on every ISP's equipment by law.

@_date: 2015-01-10 13:10:10
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Meet the iMarker, Russian targeted ad service which analyze your traffic on ISP side 
Some logs posted in comments here  also
 and
Not sure about redirects, you can try it with Russian Tor exit nodes

@_date: 2015-01-10 12:44:13
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Firechat's Amazon S3 instance got blocked in Russia 
It's mesh, and mesh chats works without internet, but Firechat also
allows over-the-internet chats, which was blocked. By the way, it's
already unblocked.

@_date: 2015-01-09 11:07:32
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Meet the iMarker, Russian targeted ad service which analyze your traffic on ISP side 
Actually, it seems like *it is* Phorm. They mention yourself as Phorm's
representatives in Russia here:
Seems like Phorm bought them at the some stage, and that tweet from
iMarker founder says they fired him
 also some info
about replaced software inside ISP networks without their knowledge
 another posts
in Mikhail Berzliev's company ADEx FB mention takeover by Phorm

@_date: 2015-01-08 20:45:13
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Meet the iMarker, Russian targeted ad service which analyze your traffic on ISP side 
How it works?
ISPs install the iMarker equipment and mirror all user's traffic on it
(Russian surveillance system, SORM, works the same way). Software takes
time, URL and HTTP Headers from HTTP requests. Then scraper with IP
92.242.35.54 and User-Agent WebIndex follow every visited URL and
analyze its content. All this information used to build a profile for
user. They says that information is removed right after analysis, and
software saves only result of that analysis. Their website lists that
they categorize users by search queries, online shopping activity, time
of visits, activity on social networks, keywords on visited pages,
visited websites, social-demographic info, such as sex, age, marital
status, and education level, and then they use that data to distribute
users for consumers groups. Every user has some kind of pseudonymous ID
with linked profile.
It's also has an opt-out option How many users affected?
They says it's 38 million people all over Russia. Minister of
Communication Nikolay Nikiforov said in 2014 there was 62 million people
in Russia using Internet, 56m of them do it every day, so it's 61% of
Russian Internet users. iMarker's website list Akado, Rostelecom,
ER-Telecom, NetByNet, Qwerty, and TTK as ISPs that installed iMarker's
How to check if this affects you?
If you are a client of Russian ISP, you can check it here
 If you own a webserver, grep the logs for
connections from 92.242.35.54.
How do check script works?
It generate a random link and wait for 3 seconds for connection from
iMarker's IP address.
How long iMarker works?
Company start work on January 2010, commercial sells started on August 2011.
 — script that checks if your ISP use iMarker
 —
report on iMarker from 2013, says they are ready to provide free DPI to
ISPs in exchange of user's data (Russian)
 — blog post quoting private
mails from iMarker's crew (Russian)
 — TOS (Russian)
 — blog post about iMarker (Russian)
 — iMarker website (Russian)
 — opt-out page (Russian)
 — Nikiforov's statement
on number of Russian Internet users (Russian)

@_date: 2015-01-14 03:03:11
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: 3 Bitcoin-related websites blocked in Russia, including bitcoin.org 
First law Internet censorship law (2012) was met by some protest,
Russian Wikipedia was closed for a day, Russian Google & Yandex placed
censorship doodle, the law was criticized hardly by everyone in the
industry, etc., but it was passed anyway.
There was mass rallies followed election fraud in 2011-2012
 , and it
was probably the reason for all these crazy laws. 2011-2012 rallies
didn't brought to any positive changes, but made it clear that there is
many people who can go on the streets.
Rallies still going on (latest was on 30 December, organized all of
sudden in a day
, and there will be more).
And of course there is special law that allows general prosecutor to
immediately block websites with calls for unsanctioned rallies and
extremist activities.

@_date: 2015-01-14 01:58:55
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: 3 Bitcoin-related websites blocked in Russia, including bitcoin.org 
No, proxies still not blocked, as well as websites of Tor/I2P/VPN
There was some rumors about a bill to block proxies for years (FSB said
that they want to write it, then MP Yaroslav Nilov, then FSB again,
leaked emails of MP Robert Shlegel contained some discussion, etc.), but
still no draft.

@_date: 2015-01-13 21:20:40
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: 3 Bitcoin-related websites blocked in Russia, including bitcoin.org 
Full judgment is avalable, thanks to Russian Pirate Party
 All in all, there is
7 websites, two others is bitcoinconf.ru and hashbitcoin.ru. That two
addresses not blocked (yet?), but presented in the judgment. One of them
shows just parked domain page, the other one is a website of Russian
Bitcoin conference set to 2 April 2015 in Moscow.
Judgment basically says it's illegal to use Bitcoin because the only one
currency in Russia is ruble, and Bitcoin is a money surrogate, which is
prohibited by Russian law, and the law allow courts to prohibit
distribution of any information in Russia.
For reason, it says that: "Free distribution of information about
electronic currency causes active use of cryptocurrencies for drug,
arms, and forgery dealing and other criminal activity. These facts, as
well as ability to uncontrollable transboundary money transfer followed
by cashing in, are hight-risk approaches for potential using
cryptocurrencies in schemes for legalization (money laundering) incomes
from criminal activity, and the financing of the terrorism."
Anton Nesterov:

@_date: 2015-01-13 16:03:53
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: 3 Bitcoin-related websites blocked in Russia, including bitcoin.org 
coinspot.io and indacoin.com was blocked too, so it's 5 websites.
Quote from the judgment posted by RKN:
"As article 27 of Federal law "On Central bank of Russian Federation"
says, official monetary unit (currency) of Russian Federation is ruble.
Introduction others monetary units and issuing money surrogates on the
territory of Russia is prohibited.
Under such conditions, cryptocurrencies, including "Bitcoin", are money
surrogates, they contribute to the rise of underground economy, and
can't be used by citizens and entitles on the territory of Russian
Anton Nesterov:

@_date: 2015-01-13 13:12:25
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: 3 Bitcoin-related websites blocked in Russia, including bitcoin.org 
So today bitcoin.org (208.64.123.130), bitcoin.it (162.159.245.241,
162.159.246.241) and btcsec.com (188.40.102.131 was blocked
country-wide, because Neviansky's court of Sverdlovsk oblast rule
2-978/2014 on 30 September 2014. Text of this judgment is not known,
it's not on their website yet (Russian laws force courts to publish
their judgments on the Internet), so this is hard to say what for
exactly this websites was blocked. The bill that allow to block
Bitcoin-related websites is still a draft.
 (Russian)

@_date: 2015-01-13 22:28:09
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Bittorrent Mainline DHT and Tor 
With "Reduced Exit Policy" that allows connections only on some ports,
so dynamic ports are the reason why it works
Cathal Garvey:

@_date: 2015-02-25 14:22:29
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Belarus just banned Tor and other censorship circumvention tools 
"11. If government inspection find Internet resources or anonymity tools
(proxy servers, anonymous networks like Tor, and so on), which can be
used to get access for Internet resources with limited access, they
should add identifier of that Internet resources or anonymity tools to
the list of limited access."
 text (Russian)

@_date: 2015-09-24 14:47:13
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Activists leak Russian =?UTF-8?B?Z292ZXJubWVudOKAmXMgcGxhbnMg?= =?UTF-8?B?dG8gY3JlYXRlIGEg4oCYbm 
Judging by leaked docs and people involved I'd say it's more like
Kwangmyong So it's created not for research, but for censorship. Also they want to
get some money from the govt for this project (they even scared that
Rostec could get this tender).
Travis Biehn:

@_date: 2015-09-09 14:36:54
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Russia failed to break Tor 
A company hired by the Russian Interior Ministry to identify users of
the Tor network, an anonymous Internet browser, has announced its plans
to terminate its state contract without finishing the task.
According to the Russian newspaper Kommersant, the Russian Interior
Ministry signed a series of contracts in 2013 and in 2014 with a company
called “the Central Scientific Institute for Economics, IT and
Management Systems” (CSI EIM) to study and to fight online anonymity.
The newspaper reports that CSI EIM has now hired lawyers, in order to
terminate its four government contracts.
Information about the contracts between CSI EIM and the Interior
Ministry is classified. According to an investigation conducted by
Kommersant, however, one of the agreements, under the code name “TOR
(Flot),” involved studying how to retrieve information about Tor users
and investigating what technologies Tor uses. CSI EIM was supposed to
earn 3.9 million rubles ($57,540) for the work.
In addition, CSI EIM won a government contract in 2014 for 20 million
rubles ($295,000), known under the code name “Chameleon-2,” involving
“the creation of a hardware and software complex for allowing secret and
anonymous remote access to strategically important information.”
The Interior Ministry has refused to comment.
Tender to crack Tor
Archived version with Tor in description Tender that has info on termination of tender to crack Tor

@_date: 2015-09-09 14:14:29
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: How Putin Controls the Internet and Popular Opinion in Russia 
John Young:
Soldatov is actually critical of Snowden mainly because of this
It's not fingerpointing. US is not the only country with surveillance.
Russia has surveillance. Many surveillance.
SORM works from 2000, it's hard to compare Russian and US surveillance
technologically, but Russia use it on larger scale for sure. SORM covers
100% of Internet connections, installing SORM is forced by law. But even
if US has the most advanced surveillance system, it doesn't mean that
you should ignore surveillance in other countries.

@_date: 2015-09-23 11:42:36
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Activists leak Russian =?UTF-8?B?Z292ZXJubWVudOKAmXMgcGxhbnMgdG8g?= =?UTF-8?B?Y3JlYXRlIGEg4oCYbmF0aW 
The data-leaking blog Anonymous International, also known as
Shaltai-Boltai (Humpty Dumpty), has published the Russian government’s
project proposal for creating a "national information platform," which
would serve as an alternative Russian Internet.
According to Anonymous International, the project was drawn up by
Russia’s Foreign Trade Bank cluster analysis and spatial development
director Sergey Ganzya, the IT director of the hydroelectricity company
RusHydro, Garald Bandurin, and several other people. The leaked content
includes email correspondence and a document about the project.
In the leaked emails, the authors of the project discuss the creation of
“an entirely custom IT platform that can expand globally.” The
development of such a platform can serve as “import substitution in the
IT sphere” and “create a secure national digital environment with lower
risks than in the global www-field.”
The document published by Anonymous International mentions Russia’s
direct dependence on “the goodwill and decency of global providers of IT
solutions.” The authors of the document believe that “there are no
objective guarantees that, in the event of a conflict, Western security
agencies won’t paralyze—or, worse, seize—direct control over elements of
the infrastructure.”
The leaked emails between the project’s authors refer to the “general
officers” of Russia’s “Oplot Rossii” party, which was tasked with
delivering the project proposal to Russian President Vladimir Putin. The
correspondence dates to June 2015.

@_date: 2015-11-24 11:03:37
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Russia actually kind of cracked (?) Tor 
group "to study the possibility of obtaining technical information on
users and users' equipment of Tor anonymous network" for $59,000. When
media reports appeared, mentioning of Tor was deleted.
Then company who won this contract (The Central Research Institute of
Economics, Informatics, and Control Systems, subsidiary of Rostec) then
posted a contract to hire a law firm tasked with negotiating a way out
of the deal
Now source of Kommersant close to the one of two parties of the deal
says that project was nearly finished, but CRI EICS didn't meet the
deadline, so that why there is court involved. Results was passed to the
Interior Ministry where it's already in use.
Representative of hired law firm told Kommersant that Interior Ministry
wants to just knock down the price or force CRI EICS to pay the forfeit.
Kommersant piece also mention a case when one user was deanonymized when
he used Tor Browser to post trip reports and prosecuted for propaganda
of illegal substances (I don't believe that was result of "cracking
Tor", he probably failed somehow (maybe used real name), also it would
be strange to perform probably costly attack for fine less than $100).
 Kommersant report (in Russian)

@_date: 2015-11-03 01:24:18
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Facebook censorship 
I don't think it was ordered by Facebook leadership or something like
that. The truth is that FB has pretty flawed mechanism of blocking, so
any page that received many abuses from FB users will be banned for some
time without any action from FB mods. Both pro-Ukrainian and pro-Russian
pages were banned many times this way, including ones with verified
accounts. Here is some The Guardian report on blocking Russian
opposition activists and Ukrainian bloggers pages, for example
So there is no conspiracy, just a lot of users abusing FB's abuse
mechanism and FB doing nothing with that.
But FB really censored an event page of opposition rally in Russia
following Russian request
Zenaan Harkness:

@_date: 2015-11-22 17:44:51
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Russia bans purchase of foreign non-niche software in Russian state agencies 
Zenaan Harkness:
Well currently Russia has many problems with transparent spending. Even
if tenders are public, it's still problematic to cancel clearly corrupt
tenders. They often build it in such way that only one affiliated
company can participate, like "company should had at least N workers,
with N workers with Z certificates" and so on.
So the idea of moving to free software is awesome (when the idea of ban
foreign software is not), but realization would be flawed because of how
Russia works.
Yes, I know, and I don't think there is any problems with providing
services for money. By "overpriced services" Ivan means kickbacks, it's
not special for software.
But it's a proprietary freedom-denying community-compromising software
that you get from Astra Linux that clearly violates GPL, I don't think
it's any better. If they fix that problem and opensource everything,
that would be awesome, but now it's bad.
It's not only military actually. Government company VNIINS just removed
all copyrights from RedHat, added some functionality and now sells it to
authorities, mostly military, but it's also used by drug police and others.
There was a govt decree about moving to free software, but it mostly
failed. For example, all schools was forced to install ALT Linux in
2007, if I remember correctly. They did, but it was installed in
dualboot with Windows and used only to show inspectors that well, here
is your Linux, we're in compliance (initially there was no accepted by
Ministry of Education books, only courses for teachers, but even that
was almost stopped when Putin came back, so that result was obvious).
Money was spend, but with no actual results. So Russia tried to jump on
the free libre software bandwagon for years with little or no success.
But also there was some successful migrations to free software, for
example, all clinics in Moscow moved to ALT Linux. There was no need of
ban of foreign software for it, they just did it. That how it should be,
but it's more like exception than a rule, and it's really hard to make
all Russia work that way.
The problem is not in Russian companies making money on free software,
but doing this in corrupt way and with GPL violations. If they can do it
without that, this would be good.

@_date: 2015-11-22 01:51:25
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Russia bans purchase of foreign non-niche software in Russian state agencies 
Ivan Markin:
GPL doesn't need special regulation, it should work by-design
everywhere. Russian civil code even mention free licenses specially
(article 1286.1), so there is full legal basis, although I can't
remember any cases when that article was used in court (probably there
was none).
There is semi-opensource GNU/Linux distribution called Astra Linux based
on Debian and used by Russian govt that violates GPL by not providing
source codes to their KDE3-based DE
 (funny that Astra Linux was
created specially for govt decree about moving state agencies to the
free software).
There is proprietary OS MSVS based on RedHat used in military which not
only violate GPL by not providing source codes, but even removed most of
copyright notices.
etc., etc.

@_date: 2015-11-21 15:52:41
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Russia bans purchase of foreign non-niche software in Russian state agencies 
Russia is just active as US on spying on it's own citizens, if not more,
yes, in the name of the same "national interests", although in this case
it seems to be more about money.
A kind of way to bypass that already found by Eset, they just partner
with Russian company and sell the same product as Russian-origin. Of
course this means that price for Eset products will be higher for
authorities and money will leave Russian budget for no reason.
Also Russian analogs which has no way to compete with foreign software
because of quality and price now can survive only by selling their shit
to the government.
And if you thought that opensource will take place of foreign
proprietary software, it's not true. Only in the form of proprietary
Russian product using some GPL/etc. codebase in violation of these licenses.
Corruption in Russia is very real and strong.
Zenaan Harkness:

@_date: 2015-12-04 18:19:58
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Russian citizen won a case against surveillance in the European Court of Human Rights 
tl;dr Roman Zakharov, Russian journalist and activist, tried to sue
Russian government since 2003 for intercepting his mobile telephone
communications and the Russian laws on surveillance as unconstitutional.
He failed and then went to the European Court of Human Rights, which
ruled that Russian laws violate Article 8 of ECHR and forced Russia to
pay 40,000 euro of compensation.
Here is the text It also has a good review of Russian laws about surveillance.

@_date: 2016-04-29 18:29:02
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Somebody logged into Telegram accounts of some Russian opposition activists 
Russian activists Georgy Alburov (member of Anti-corruption Foundation)
and Oleg Kozlovsky (member of Solidarnost movement) found their Telegram
accounts accessed from same NY IP address 162.247.72.27 (which is Tor
exit relay running by The Calyx Institute
) using telegram-cli. They did not have two-factor authentication
enabled (Telegram by default uses one-time passwords received by SMS,
but you can also enable "two-factor authentication" which is asking a
password when you try to login with new device) and they didn't received
the SMS message, so it's looks like SS7 attack. Russian government known
for it's exploiting SS7 vulnerabilities (and those are not really
vulnerabilities which can be easily fixed, those vuls exists because SS7
was designed that way).
MTS, telecom provider used by Alburov and Kozlovsky, commented that SMS
receiving was disabled on their accounts for some time.
I also have some evidence that Russian authorities uses same method for
logging into Facebook accounts (Facebook also have a feature called
"one-time password"  which
allows to send SMS with text "otp" to Facebook number and receive a code
which is enough to login into Facebook).
SS7 designed such way so this is not required for attacked to be in same
country as you. It's not required for your telecom provider to
cooperate. All you need is an access to SS7. Security services have it,
private spies have it, and you can have it: there is plenty of companies
selling SS7 access.
So if you use Telegram, enable two-factor authentification.
If you use Facebook, turn on login approvals
If you using any service which allows you to login just with code
received by SMS, find out a way to turn off this or stop using this service.
If you thinking about such feature in your service, please don't do so.
See also:
News report
(in Russian)
Kozlovsky's post with details received from MTS
 (in Russian)
The Critical Hole at the Heart of Our Cell Phone Networks
which covers some previous SS7 attacks by Russian govt and SS7 design
SS7: Locate. Track. Manipulate
 great talk by Tobias Engel
on 31c3 about SS7
SS7map  map covering SS7 issues

@_date: 2017-04-10 21:24:00
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Russian free software activist arrested for extremist materials posted from his Tor exit node 
Dmitry Bogatov aka KAction, Russian free software activist and
mathematics teacher at Moscow’s Finance and Law University, arrested in
Russia and charged with extremism.
Here is news report about his arrest
From his Tor exit node user with nickname Airat Basharov posted some
messages on sysadmins.ru website. Russian investigators alleged that
this messages contains a call to mass riots and terrorism. Messages were
posted from different IPs in different countries (probably another exit
nodes), and only one was posted from Bogatov's IP. After Bogatov's
arrest, Airat Basharov continue to post messages.
Here is his Tor exit node, last seen 2017-04-05 20:00:00
Another report about Bogatov
(in Russian)

@_date: 2017-04-08 01:25:00
@_author: Anton Nesterov 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [ PFIR ] It's now illegal in Russia to share an image of Putin as a gay clown 
Here is Federal List of Extemists Materials on Ministry of Justice
website You know where "Ru" is? Russia.
Путина, на лице которого макияж – накрашены ресницы и губы, что, по
замыслу автора/авторов плаката, должно служить намеком на якобы
нестандартную сексуальную ориентацию президента РФ. Текст под
изображением (воспроизводится с сохранением особенностей орфографии и
пунктуации, с сокрытием нецензурной лексики): «Избиратели Путина, как
... вроде бы их много, но среди моих знакомых их нет», размещенный 07
мая 2014 года в социальной сети «Вконтакте» на аккаунте
 с ник-неймом «Александр Цветков» (решение
Центрального районного суда г. Твери от 11.05.2016);
Federation V.V. Putin, who got makeup: made up eyelashes and lips, which
according to the author's intentions should be a hint of allegedly
non-standard sexual orientation of president of Russian Federation. Text
under picture (reproduced with saving features of spelling and
punctuation, with hidden obscene vocabulary): "Voters of Putin as ...:
seems like there is many of them, but I don't have any among my
contacts", posted at 7 May 2014 in a social network "VK.com" under
account   with nickname "Alexander Tsvetkov"
(Central Tver's oblast court judgment from 2016-05-11).
Well, that's even linked in WP article, so you can call it
self-reference only if you admit that Ministry of Justice of Russia
website operated by WP and WP has direct influence on Russian courts.
