
@_date: 2001-12-07 12:32:33
@_author: KPJ 
@_subject: Re: Delta airlines doesn't allow sick person to carry their 
FYI: Certain sub-species of cannabis form very hard and compact stems,
which are excellent material for bludgeons. One can easily break bones
with a single hit with this light-weight weapon.
But it's not a smoking material.

@_date: 2001-12-29 23:16:51
@_author: KPJ 
@_subject: Re: Fun with bleach and nail polish remover 
It appears as if Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer
Minor correction: /H2H2/ should be /H2O2/, naturally.

@_date: 2002-01-04 13:13:28
@_author: KPJ 
@_subject: Re: Faustine's paranoia index 
I'm a firm believer in mobile preparedeness: in fact, every day I never leave
home without carrying a complete BOB concealed in a Kate Spade bag. And I mean
fucking EVERYTHING, the true survivalist nutcase works: first aid kit,emergency
rations, flashlight, space blanket, poncho liner, magnesium fire starter, water
purifying tabs, mini-entrenching tool, Swiss army knife, NIOSH-95 filter mask,
nitrile gloves, monocular, grundig shortwave, passport, etc etc. (Full contents
available on request, it would take awhile!)
I hereby request.  Feel free to act.
     /kpj
Please use elevator, stairs stuck between floors.

@_date: 2002-03-12 10:52:14
@_author: KPJ 
@_subject: Re: node query 
Correctly installed message transfer agents (MTAs) add a "Received:" header
when they receive a message. (If your isn't, you lose.)
If your is, then look at the e-mail you received. The first header looking
something like this is the last one, added by your MTA.
Received: from slack.lne.com (dns.lne.com [209.157.136.81])
        for ; Sun, 10 Mar 2002 19:26:13 +0100 (MET)
You might need to show extended headers, depending on your user agent (UA),
meaning whatever you use to read your e-mail.
Above shows:
      0. The sender MTA claimed to be "slack.lne.com".
      1. According to DNS, it's real name is "dns.lne.com".
      2. The sender MTA source IP number was [209.157.136.81].
      3. The protocol used was ESMTP.
      4. The SMTP envelope target address was .
      5. The SMTP envelope source address was .
Remember, anything not added by the local MTA can be forged.
Of the above information, points 0, 4, and 5 are trivially forged.
To forge point 1 requires some knowledge of, and access to, the DNS.
To forge point 2 requires spoofing software.
END OF LINE

@_date: 2002-04-29 14:03:36
@_author: KPJ 
@_subject: Re: Topics and Toposes (Re: "news" is irrelevant -- write code 
Argumentational analysis:
  You only want to comment on ~ 20-30 news items per year.
  People on this list usually discuss those items.
  You feel you waste your time with traditional media.
  You believe the news media people bias the news a lot.
  You believe the journalists do not understand technology.
  You notice they produce sound bites.
  You view them as mindless minions of ``the party line''.
  You don't like the message they deliver.
OK, so you don't like traditional media.  Others might like them, however.
Argumentational analysis:
  You don't like the traditional news media, either.
  You notice that news media choose to not broadcast everything.
  You note that this week they report on homosexual pedophile priests issue.
  You don't care about that issue.
  You note that they also report on Arabs and Jews killing each other.
  You don't care about that issue, either.
  You don't like neither Arabs nor Jews, anyway.
OK. People using a broadcast medium cannot send everything due to economics
in a market oriented capitalistic setting. If you don't interest yourself
for the issues, then I suggest you simply ignore the media. Your decision to
dislike these media appears irrational. Others might well find their reporting
relevant for _their_ interests.
Most people don't care about QSR's. You do. You form a minority. As one, you
will find less mention of your interests in a market oriented economy. Stands
to reason.
I would suggest that people with minority views or interests simply put up
a web page with their interests, form web rings with other people sharings
their view or interests. Make the pages relevant for those who interest
themselves in these matters, and they will start to create a community.
Of course, that just might leave a lot of information about yourself on the
web, something some people like to avoid.  I would suggest they create a few
'nyms, split the interest between the 'nyms, and put up the interesting pages
on different servers.  Divide and conquer. [...lots of your varying interests snipped...]
So, WHO distracts WHOM from WHOSE ``real goals''?
+                                 Ironically, the lack of new repressive Quite possibly true.  Western venture capitalists wants a fast buck.
+                            With crypto being relegated to page D-42 of Why would people interested in crypto care about what Joe Sixpak thinks
about crypto?  Do _you_ feel less interest in crypto when the media does not
paint you as a ``heroic'' fighter against U.S. government?
Correction: *Previous* libertarians.
The ``cypherpunks write code'' definition apparently defines a hard core.
The rest merely act as cypherpunks groupies.
PERL has its uses. You can naturally write a crypto package in it, as in
any Turing complete language. However, some people encounter a mental block
against using PERL, since it does not remind of their favourite computer
programming language, like C, PASCAL, Intercal, or whatever.
Either (a) people stopped hacking crypto code in 1980,
       (b) the governments silently approached those that did, and
       (c) people don't understand crypto code and hack something easier,
 or    (d) something else.
Do you have any hypothesis as to the reason why?
A disappointed old man who has lost his illusions of an easy victory
should avoid telling, as his pessimism will infect some of the young,
and thus make the old man's defaitistic predictions a reality. Anyways,
nobody likes a whiner. ;-)
[...lots of nostalgia snipped...]
Who cares?  Let the readers of the magazines vote with their wallets.
[...moby mumblage snipped...]
Littering in a public mailing list. Pay your fines to the clerk.  NEXT!
Never tell people about what you _will_ do.
Tell them what you _have_ done.
So when you have done some real work on the matter, at least written some
paper on the stuff, and published it, you may well write about it here.
At a bare minimum, write a web page on the stuff, and ask people to have
some comments on it. Until such time, you simply add to the useless noise.
Delusions of grandeur can help you if you use as a source of energy to
do things you wouldn't otherwise. Otherwise, you only pat your own back.
Matthew (the) X probably feel the same rush.

@_date: 2002-04-05 09:04:22
@_author: KPJ 
@_subject: Re: out of the box 
Quite amusing. X-D
If you believe in things like that, then you just might be interested
in buying the Eiffel Tower (Paris, France) which I won on poker the
other night.

@_date: 2002-04-29 19:25:38
@_author: KPJ 
@_subject: Re: Upcoming workshop on category theory and concurrency 
But you _did_ in fact reply, through the cypherpunks list.
So I presume you meant to perform a social gesture of some kind, which,
to me, suggests you felt an emotional reaction to my post. These social
rituals apparently mean a lot to many people.
You have entered self-defence mode instead of reading the stated points.
Standard human behaviour, but inappropriate. Try to avoid it. Emotions
will cloud your rational mind.
Correction: I have not stated anything on whether you have written ``enough''
Yes, humans forget easily, a mark of a short-lived species and a small brain
capacity (e.g. elephants remember much longer due to their larger memory).
A human can remember more and better using mnemotechnic tool, organisation,
and technology. With a wearable and a Remembrance Agent you can remember
every post you have ever seen, if you so wish.
Will you also avoid talking to somebody on the street unless you have a
memory of ever having received a formal presentation or business card from
that person?  I have noticed this on-line anomaly which several people:
they require more data on an online communication subject than on an offline
communication subject. Appears irrational to me: online security can never
become higher than physical security of the subject. But I disgress.
On topic, maybe. But as you so eloquently stated, not cypherpunks-y.
Idle guesses as to whether something might prove useful to encryption someday
makes interesting fantasy for people who enjoy fantasy. Nothing more.
Hard work, using the scientific method (including peer review), OTOH, changes
the world. You can make a difference with science as your companion.
Therefore, if one wish to changes the world, one should avoid idle guesses
and do hard, scientific work on the matter. Thus, ``cypherpunks write code''.
Have you forgotten?
FYI: I read _everything_ on this list, including the posts of unit Mathew X.
Excellent!  Looking forward to read about it.
Whether others interest themselves in my comments lacks relevance to me.
In fact, the less people know about me, the better for my purposes.
As the old saying goes:
   The interest lies in the reader's cognitive centre,
   just as beauty lies in the viewer's esthetic centre.
   /kpj
I will not be pushed, filed, stamped, indexed, briefed, debriefed, or
numbered. My life is my own.

@_date: 2013-07-23 14:04:22
@_author: kpj@sics.se 
@_subject: Re: Python Random Number Generator for OTP 
2013-07-22 16:50:55 -0400 Tom :
A sound card in your box then can deliver random numbers.
You may wish to look into this:
This may also interest you;
