
@_date: 2001-10-18 09:35:19
@_author: asbestos 
@_subject: Protect your brain from cell phone radiation 
Could Cell Phone Radiation Be...
      Scientific studies show that cell phones send dangerous microwave radiation through the ear canal penetrating your Temporal Lobe, the softest most easily damaged part of your brain.
The latest research suggests these health risks.
Head aches , memory loss, chronic fatigue, anxiety disorders,
genetic damage, brain cancer, leukemia, attention deficit.
Thermal View shows how cell phone radiation penetrates the brain.
Left is an adult middle a 10 year old right a 5 year old.
Feeling warmer in the head lately?
Who is most at risk?
Children and Teenagers
because their brains are not fully developed.
Anyone who uses a cell or cordless phone regularly.
Here are some quotes from the media
The US Department Food and Drug Administration
says cell phones emit radiation which can cause biological damage.
Verison Wireless cites British Department of Health Report June ,2001
Parents who wish to reduce their childrens RF exposure may choose to
restrict their wireless phone use.
In this day of new technology how many things have been found to be hazardous (asbestos), Toxic (DDT), or deadly (smoking). All these products were found to have unacceptable consequences with their continued use. Am I saying throw your wireless phone away or never use it? NO. Technology has rescued man kind agian. Your best defense.
The Safeguard Shield with patented shieldtron technology is proven
in independent lab tests to block 90% of the radiation emitted by the
ear piece of your wireless phone. Shieldtron is manufactured under the most rigorous standards from a composite of silver, nickel, and copper.
If you use a wireless telephone take a few moments to get more informed on this
controversial topic. The life you save may be yourself or a loved one.
All the best,
Kristopher McCraw
To be removed from future mailings please accept my apology and reply to this email with remove in the subject line
