
@_date: 2017-07-14 18:04:20
@_author: Kurt Seifried 
@_subject: Re: [oss-security] Estimate for the total number of exploitable bugs in large linux distro? 
First you need to define "distribution". Do we go with "all" the packages
shipped? Ok... what about things like firefox?
 1500 CVEs... does
that count to the distribtion count?  What about non-free in Debian? Anyone
that ships Flash is also going to see their stats bumped way up.
Now we need to define "exploitable bugs", for example an exploit chain, is
that multiple bugs or do we count that as a single one for this discussion?
There's a lot of /tmp flaws that are "exploitable" but I can pretty much
guarantee nobody will ever bother.
I would then point out the only source of data anyone is mentioning is CVE.
And CVE has counting rules. For example if you find 100 XSS flaws in a php
app (because they forgot to use htmlspecialchars on output) in the same
version we'll assign a single CVE, not 100. So how many bugs do you count
this as?
CVE is also incomplete. There's lots and lots of vulns with no CVE
(something I'm trying to remediate with the DWF).
I would suggest before anyone continue this thread they go read:
it's largely a pointless discussion because the question isn't well
defined, and we know for a fact we don't have good data to answer it

@_date: 2018-01-09 18:33:48
@_author: Kurt Seifried 
@_subject: Re: [oss-security] Own on install. How grave it is? 
One thing to keep in mind: most operating systems can have their
install media updated, e.g. Windows slipstream where you make an
install media with all available updates, or you can install updates
without a network trivially (e.g. for RPM/DPKG based systems just have
a USB key with a copy of the updates and install them). To say nothing
of using orchestration tools that essentially can take care of it
themselves, or generating master images that are up to date
(containers/Docker are a good example here, you want to deploy up to
date containers and then refresh the entire container for updates, not
run yum update inside of it, cattle not pets and all that).
Obviously things that don't support this add risk (e.g. you MUST
connect to the internet to get updates), and if the update tools
themselves have a problem, you have a major problem.

@_date: 2018-01-09 15:37:08
@_author: Kurt Seifried 
@_subject: Re: [oss-security] Own on install. How grave it is? 
Many OS installs/etc take a password during install, either manually
(e.g. prompting you at the command line), or the OS is installed using
tools that allow a password to be set (e.g. Red Hat kickstarter,
Satellite, CloudForms).
In general if an OS install does NOT give you any way to set a
password during install and forces you to install the product, boot it
and then login with blank credentials and set a password you end up
with a CVE since a network based attacker can easily win that race, a
good example being FreeNAS CVE-2014-5334. If the installer can prompt
for a password or take a password through other means (e.g.
kickstarter) than there's a safe option so no CVE is needed typically.
