
@_date: 2012-11-30 01:40:25
@_author: Kyle Creyts 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
A few questions this thread raises for me: you are a very trusting
person, and frequently let people borrow your things. A friend
frequently borrows your phone, which he explains is because he:
 a) frequently lets his phone die, or has run close to using too many minutes.
  You frequently allow him (and other people) to borrow your phone. At
some point, it becomes clear that his life has taken a turn for the
worse, and he has become involved in activities of which you do not
approve. You stop allowing him to use your phone. During a criminal
investigation of your friend's activities, it later becomes clear that
for some time he was using it for illegal activities.
  At what point did allowing him to use your phone become illegal, and
how should a responsible citizen rationally realize or identify this
  How can one be reasonably sure that one knows another person well
enough to allow them to use one's equipment/resources? When do you
become responsible for the activity of someone else on your equipment?
Clearly "always" is not correct; similarly, "never" is also not
 b) (most analogous to the actual situation) has a [legitimate?]
reason for wanting to avoid the entity he calls having, being able to
predict, see, or otherwise link some information he wishes to give
them with some information he does not wish to give them (for example,
his phone number [1])
  Upon this pretense, which seems fairly reasonable, you allow him
access to your phone. In order to enable this pursuit (so that this
phone number cannot be attached to a pattern of activity), you also
allow others to use your phone for similar reasons. You consider such
activity correlation/tracking and data mining to be a violation of
privacy (explicitly with regard to data-mining and activity tracking
performed in pursuit of selling this data for profit).
Now arguably, in the second case, you are operating this "service"
with an explicitly altruistic intent. IF you are not informed about
the mechanics of this process, and you are unaware of the issues this
creates for law enforcement entities in identifying criminals, what
constitutes wrongdoing? If you are not aware of criminal uses of your
service which is entirely free and only intended for avoiding
data-miners, are you still accountable for the activities of those
using it? Why? At what point do you accept or acquire this
responsibility? How is this different from operating a party line
shared by an apartment building or phone bridge with external calling
I am curious about the impact of the nuances of each of these situations.
[1] he is paranoid, and doesn't like the pizza place associating his
address with his phone number, or perhaps he is calling someone who
collects marketing data and attempts to data-mine his activity, or
some other more legitimate, applicable and realistic take on
appropriate cases for desiring anonymity in such a transaction

@_date: 2012-12-17 19:52:25
@_author: Kyle Creyts 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
In most jurisdictions, wouldn't using a de-gaussing ring in the door frame
to wipe any equipment being removed constitute "tampering with evidence" or
interfering with an investigation if the authority in question is in
possession of a warrant/subpoena?

@_date: 2013-02-26 16:39:22
@_author: Kyle Creyts 
@_subject: Re: NYT covers China cyberthreat 
I think it is safe to say that finding a foothold inside of the United
States from which to perform/proxy an attack is not the hardest thing
in the world. I don't understand why everyone expects that major
corporations and diligent operators blocking certain countries'
prefixes will help. That being said, you make a solid point to which
people should absolutely listen: applying an understanding of your
business-needs-network-traffic baseline to your firewall rules and
heuristic network detections (in a more precise fashion than just "IPs
from country $x") is a SOLID tactic that yields huge security
benefits. Nobody who cares about security should really be able to
argue with it (plenty of those who care don't will hate it, though),
and makes life _awful_ for any attackers.

@_date: 2013-02-21 10:25:54
@_author: Kyle Creyts 
@_subject: Re: NYT covers China cyberthreat 
The focus on platform here is ridiculous; can someone explain how
platform of attacker or target is extremely relevant? Since when did
people fail to see that we have plenty of inter-platform tools and
services, and plenty of tools for either platform built with the
express purpose of interaction with the other? Just because you
learned to code/operate on/for/with/from a *nix doesn't mean that
teams of Chinese coders can't make a tool that gets the job done
on/for/with/from a Windows box. Many people write many softwares of
diverse purpose and use for many platforms. Platform is, as far as I
can tell, moot in this discussion. Feel free to enlighten me.
Consider the US's indignation over the targeting of civillian or
corporate intellectual property and the shifting of reality from
preconceived expectation. I have had it explained to me as a purely
ideological difference between the US and China. Simply put: just
because we might find it immoral for state-sponsored espionage to feed
stolen IP into the private sector, doesn't mean that China will feel
the same; to some, it is perceived as nationalistic, another way the
government helps to strengthen the nation.
For another example of this, an acquaintance once told me about the
process of getting internationally standardized technologies approved
for deployment in China; the process that was described to me involved
giving China the standards-based spec that had been drafted and
approved, being told that for deployment, they would have to improve
upon it in a laundry list of ways to bring it some 5-10 years ahead of
the spec, and THEN it would be allowed to be deployed.
Whenever you have enough new players, or the game goes on long enough,
the rules end up changing.
On Thu, Feb 21, 2013 at 12:28 AM, calin.chiorean

@_date: 2013-02-20 06:10:37
@_author: Kyle Creyts 
@_subject: Re: NYT covers China cyberthreat 
quite a bit of coverage lately from the media.
Kyle Creyts
Information Assurance Professional
BSidesDetroit Organizer
