
@_date: 2004-07-20 23:57:42
@_author: "Lynette McDowell" 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?b?U21hbGwgQ2FwIFN0b3ggQ2FuIFNpenpsZQ==?= 
B-R-E-A-K-I-N-G  N-E-W-S  A-L-E-R-T  A-F-T-E-R  T-H-E  C-L-O-S-E (OTC:PRMN)
Pearl Asian Mining Industries, Inc. (OTC: PRMN)
Will Wednesday be a huge day for the stock? You may want to act early as
many of these small equities jump on news...
Pearl Asian Mining Industries (PRMN) Announces the Acquisition of The
Wolf Lake Group Properties in Vancouver Island, British Columbia,
VANCOUVER, BC -- (MARKET WIRE) -- 07/20/04 --  The Pearl Asian Mining
Industries (OTC: PRMN) announces the 100% acquisition of another
mining prospect on Vancouver Island, comprising eight (8) mining
claims, known as the Wolf Lake Gold-Silver-Copper Properties, subject
to 2.5% NSR, signed on July 8, 2004.
This Wolf Lake Group located in the Nanaimo Mining Division, east of
the past-producing Mount Washington gold-silver-copper mine, which has
a current drill-indicated resource of 550,298 tonnes at a grade of
6.75 g/t gold and 32.23 g/t silver. Mineral deposition associated
with these intrusive/extrusive events produced the gold-silver-copper
arsenic lodes and the porphyry gold-silver-copper systems of the
Mount Washington and Constitution Hill areas.
The claim group currently covers about 2 square kilometres of ground
with room for expansion, and hosts several high-grade gold prospects.
Values in excess of 2 ounces per ton gold with good silver, zinc and
some copper are common. Initial exploration on the Wolf Lake Property
identified three areas of strong high-grade gold mineralization, the
Lake Zone, the Road Zone and the Bluff Gold Vein. All these three
areas may be a part of one large contiguous mineralized horizon,
sufficient work has not been done as yet to prove this.
A new confidential geological report on the gold zones has just been
filed with the British Columbia Government. This report was done by a
professional economic geologist with 50 years experience, Dr. K.
Warren Geiger PhD, P. Eng., P. Geol. The report is consistent with
National Instrument 43-101 standards. According to this recent
geological report, authored by Dr. K. Warren Geiger PhD, P. Eng., P.
Geol., this property has high-grade gold mineralization along with
substantial silver and base metal values that occurs in a series of
quartz veins exposed in these three main areas. The Lake Zone north
of the Wolf Lake shows a gold mineralization assay of 82.1 g/t gold
and 174.47 g/t silver. The Road Zone has a sample mineralization
assay of 21.94 g/t gold and 30.86 g/t silver, while the Bluff Gold
Vein Zone located roughly in between the two zones has a sample
mineralization assay of 75.77 g/t gold.
Access is excellent, with a mainline logging road bisecting the
property, which is about 15 minutes drive from a junction with the
major Island Highway. Property elevation is low so work can be
continued virtually all year round. Dr. Geiger said, "There is a good
potential for discovering more high-grade gold zones and extending
the three known zones with further exploration work." "I think of it
as 'Treasure Island' because of the many rich mineral deposits," says
James W. Laird (former owner).
Founder and Chairman of the Board E. Pearl Asia quotes, "Pearl Asian
Mining Industries Inc. intends to bring these rich natural resource
properties into production as quickly as possible."
Forward-Looking Statements:
With the exception of historical information, this news release and
accompanying information may include forward-looking statements that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could
differ materially from those anticipated as a result of various risks.
There are numerous factors that could contribute to such differences,
therefore such projected events and anticipated results are not
warranties or guaranties that such events will occur or that the
Company will achieve such results.
Good Luck and Succesful Trading
