
@_date: 2001-11-30 11:21:05
@_author: LaParfumerie 
@_subject: Great Holiday Gifts! 
FriendThe holidays
            are right around the corner. Order
            by December 14th for Christmas. 
            La
            Parfumerie will save you big money! A special
            scent is always an ideal gift. Not sure what to buy? With a
            Gift
            Certificate you are guaranteed to give the
            perfect gift. Don't wait, Order Now! Your order will automatically
            enter you to win the Grand Prize Fragrance
            Raffle.
 Order & Register
            Now
            by December 14th for Christmas Brand Name Perfumes, Colognes, Body Products
Scented Candles all at the lowest prices!
              Gift Items for 'Her, Him & Home'. Gift Certificates for easy holiday shopping.
Order to enter the Grand Prize Fragrance
              Raffle!
            now for the holidays with this special
        offer!
FREE Gift Wrap Delivery in time for the holidays! Save an additional
              5% off our greatly reduced prices. Orders above $65.00 will receive a
              FREE GIFT All orders above $125.00 can choose one
              FREE GIFT either from: SCENTED TRAVEL TIN CANDLE
              or CORNELIAN NECKLACE or GARNET NECKLACE (note the chosen item in
              the "Comments" field)  Extra Special
            Attraction! 
            Only
            Register - No Purchase Required   Win a $100.00 prize
            value of assorted gifts for Christmas!    Two
            drawings on Fridays, 12/07 and
            12/14.
      Parfumerie.com never sends unsolicited email. Only unsubscribe requests
      submitted to this page can be fulfilled. La Parfumerie.com cannot fulfill
      unsubscribe requests submitted elsewhere or to the email boxes of
      individuals. We respect the many demands on your time, so if you prefer
      not to participate in receiving these special offers or announcements
      please click
      here
