
@_date: 2010-05-09 17:54:32
@_author: Larry Sheldon 
@_subject: Re: BGP (in)security makes the AP wire 
Well, egg-on-face time.
Thunderbird has a loss-of-focus issue and the message I was working on
was in a news group--not here.
I'll just grab my coat .....

@_date: 2010-05-09 17:50:56
@_author: Larry Sheldon 
@_subject: Re: BGP (in)security makes the AP wire 
[The wonderful New And Improved Thunderbird deleted a response and the
message I was responding to--I don't know how or why--seems to have to
do with the arrival of new messages.]
The message I was responding-to seemed to be a rant that the reason Area
Code changes are (were) a hassle was due to the reluctance of the Evil
Powers to permit overlays and portable numbers.
I was saying that the Evil Powers thing is always a lot of fun, but the
facts are that until fairly recent times, that is the way the technology
worked.  (As a point of interest--overlays have indeed been around since
the 1960's.)
When you dialed a number, a class 5 office received the digits dialed
and decided what to do with the call.  If the number dialed was one it
served, it connected the call.
If not it would (using engineering decisions encoded in the machine[1])
hand the call off to a higher class office, maybe all the way up to a
class 1 which might hand it off to another class 1 and thence back down
the hierarchy to the class 5 that served the number.
There just was no way to keep track, second by second, to keep track of
where a given number had wandered off to.  No Evil Powers (not Bush, not
Halliburton, not Cheney, not Tea Partiers, not ....).  It was just the
way things worked--and it was a pretty elegant design, all things
[1] Things that accounted for traffic patterns in a particular machine.
 For example, an office worked in had a class 5 machine in the 214 Area
Code) which had an office that served 805-area numbers so they did go
anywhere.  It had high usage to 714 numbers so there were trunk right
straight to the right class 5 office.

@_date: 2010-05-09 15:54:46
@_author: Larry Sheldon 
@_subject: Re: BGP (in)security makes the AP wire 
I worry about the implications in the article in the environment of
recent news....
IRS (or FTC, or FCC) maintains a hosts.txt that everybody uses instead
of BGP?
I wonder how telephone calls are routed?  (I know how they were in the
60's and 70's--I really don't know how the current system works.
And when I drive someplace, I do indeed go by the signs I see, which are
not erected by a central authority, as I move along.  (I don't have a
route from here to Fairbanks, Alaska, but my MCA shows one from here to
Council Bluffs, Iowa, and from there there are several I might use,
depending on what signs I see ("Warning, I29 N closed at Mondamin due to
flooding") when I get there.)
I'm sorry, but I am very afraid of "Central Authority".

@_date: 2013-09-06 21:50:42
@_author: Larry Sheldon 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back
I did "bother".....the first 'graf after the link reads, in toto:
You apparently use the silent "period" at the ends of 'grafs so I took
the blank lime as the 'graf delimiter.
Who is "we".  I lave learned to distrust the generic "we" as doers of stuff.
What is your part of the recovery?  What do you see as mine.  (I like "you" and "me" as identifiers for doers of stuff.  Third party identifiers are acceptible and tenatives, pending conversion to "me" or

@_date: 2013-09-06 10:29:17
@_author: Larry Sheldon 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
We need to think bigger than "whatever it takes to get along to the end of the quarter....:
