
@_date: 2004-01-05 03:15:04
@_author: since it's not a guy trying to spy on Ben Affleck at a bar 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Ben Affleck & J-LO S^EX tapes eOg4RNk2QZBEXEm0? 
I'm sure most of you know this story but here it is again in a nutshell. Ben Affleck, the luckiest most ungrateful bastard alive, and J-LO have been together for over year - it's the perfect Hollywood fantasy-love story and the wedding date was set for about a month ago. Then, for whatever ungodly reason, this fuckin' idiot, Ben, goes to a Canadian strip club and cheats on J-LO with a big-titted, blonde stripper... not even a hot one at that! And of course, two different people filmed his sorry stupid ass doing it and the rest is on the news as you've all seen. So, that was the first thing to happen... six days after that was all over the news and media, J-LO is caught on film in her own bed in her own house having sex with someone that's not Ben! Evidently, Ben had their place rigged with secret cams and J-LO had no idea... so, the revenge cheat also gets caught but by Ben... since he was a cheating scumbag, appare!
ntly he was paranoid and now we know he had good reason to be too! 22 minutes of Ben and the stripper! 7 minutes of the J-LO revenge cheat!
1. The Ben Footage takes place in a Canadian strip club at his VIP booth. Its about 22 minutes of watching Ben get it on with this blonde big-titted stripper. She starts out by lap dances which turn to dry humping, then she lays him back on the couch and she gives him a blowjob before riding him until he cums. After he cums the footage even shows her cleaning him up with her mouth then zipping him up and of course... her slipping him her number.
2. The J-LO footage is more crisp and better quality because the camera is not moving (since it's not a guy trying to spy on Ben Affleck at a bar). It is a secret wall-mounted camera that shows J-LO and an unidentified male getting it on in her bedroom. It's a very good angle and this footage is a lot hotter and more intense... we can hear everything like her moaning as she gets eaten out... we see her get fucked from behind and also see her on top of him. It ends when they roll off the bed and are no longer in view but its 7 minutes long and very hot footage - she must have been extremely mad at Ben, let me tell you!
Click on this link                                                                                            to get a NO CHARGE pass to the video show of BEN's and JLO's movies!
          You have total control - We charge $0.00           No strings - No Bullshit
The only thing we ask is you're 18 years of older!
Note: You MUST be 18 or older to watch these videos! WANT US NOT TO CALL YOU AGAIN? TELL US!
