
@_date: 2010-10-11 18:00:57
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: Re: India plans to develop its own computer OS 
Any gradeschool child can read the fucking manual and create their own
OS, the reason there are no working options is due to aggressive and
murderous attacks by us dept commerce, secret service, and entire
military units which depend on intentionally soft targets for pay. Ask
DOJ why they sponsor organized crime and terrorist exploits yourself.

@_date: 2011-01-12 22:40:05
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: Fwd: VOLCANO: Establishment of international preserve for 
Establishment of international preserve for Kilauea Volcano
ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERNATIONAL PRESERVE for the active flow fields of
KILAUEA VOLCANO and related areas.
The active flow fields contiguous with Kilauea and Pu'u O'o volcanic
systems cover a wide area adjacent to the Hawaii Volcanos National
Park and state or local preserve areas and include small areas of
privately owned and state owned land.
UNESCO has indicated these areas as protected sites and religious and
cultural groups globally respect this area as a place of significance
and natural wonder. Thousands of individuals visit daily at a
makeshift viewing area.
- This area is frequently innundated with diverse lava flows and is
expected to continue as an active volcanic area for a long time.
- The majority of the area is a collection of state, county, and
national protected areas or state holdings which are entirely
unmanaged and most frequently under exclusion orders for prohibiting
public access and for situations related to the volcano.
- State of Hawaii DLNR (Department of Land and Natural Resources) is
also responsible for numerous fragmented sections which they would
prefer to dispose given fire and safety liability and impossibility to
- Of the remaining private property, 40% is in tax default and can be
transferred by county order and most parcels are appraised at $100 per
parcel for intended emanent domain and are vacant having not been
touched since the original lava flows.
- The National Park has trouble managing its eastern expansion as it
is active flows and out of range for rescue and safety crews and local
emergency services refuse to respond throughout the entire area.
These combined factors strongly encourage the establishment of an
INTERNATIONAL PRESERVE.
Parties represented include:
Royal Gardens Community Association, Keone Ranches Estates, Kalapana
Gardens Subdivision, land owners in Kaimu, Kalapana, Kupahua, etc
representing a strong majority of land holders in this exciting but
dangerous area.
To unsubscribe from the volcano list, send the message:
signoff volcano
To contribute to the volcano list, send your message to:
volcano  Please do not send attachments.

@_date: 2011-03-23 20:53:18
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: 1/9/11 and historical wiretaps 
Pre for oBSama.com documentary.
(200)1-09-11 or 1911 simplified to "9/11" in the American system was a
manifestation of a turf war between the us treasury secret service,
department of justice including dea and FBI, oss derivatives, and military
dia defense intelligence agency and factions like disa. Though the troubled
situation was existing previously and most parties already involved, it
became structured in the context known to history when a number of small
children were exploited as newspaper carriers.
During the 1980s through to a set of legal clarifications in the late 1990s,
child labour such as newspaper delivery by children under legal working age
was considered child exploitation and illegal under both federal and
international law. In this prominent historical case, the children serving
as newspaper delivery in a quaint neighbourhood were being used to finance
hobby projects such as a network of bbs systems which they ran entirely
themselves. as these communication systems expended their influence in the
dawn of the technological revolution, they were used for automatic
distribution of public interest content and electronic media and became the
primary conduit between eastern new York and northern Europe due to cleaner
telephone lines more direct in both directions. by 1993 and 1994, these
children were subject of heated political disputes contrasting their
benevolent educational activities financed by illicit child labour
exploitation with trans-national automatic distribution of public interest
content and its frequent payload of age-restricted material and shareware
license generators. with international distribution of significant volumes
of data, some of which could easily have come from controlled sources, this
hobby project financed by newspaper delivery drew the attention of most
federal authorities and related international parties. by 1994, the doj FBI
espionage division, treasury secret service, military intelligence including
dia (and Cia for foreign data), us customs for the trans-border transfer of
content, even the us dea drug enforcement administration for the
distribution of "cracks" (and coordination thereof in a small urban
environment) were all involved. the children, still pre-teen, simply
continued their highly regarded activities and provided a large percentage
of the intellectual content and shareware traffic between Europe and eastern
usa. A specific legal situation generated conflict between a majority of the
legal and investigating parties as us secret service was obligated to defend
the exploited children against corrupt practices of the department of
justice which would have led to further direct exploit and customs and
military were also at odds due to strife and inconsistent policy. as
military interests trump civilian, the defense intelligence agency activated
a special unit to track information leaks and distribution mechanisms
including these kids' bbs by active participation. in contradiction, USSS
ncmec and doj amongst others contradicted the dod and NATO interests by
bringing the situation of the exploited children to the UN as both a
security and policy issue. the modern internet was only starting to develop
at this time, sponsored mainly by the American institution which saw a
potential for global propaganda distribution, and various factions of the us
dept of commerce and defense intelligence agency chose to encourage consumer
use of computer devices and found case models such as these to be ideal
templates. as the military dealt with the transition between centrally
managed data systems and these new console devices entities such as Disa
defense information systems agency and others encouraged making use of
public sector communication noise to obscure the the transport of data for
ic (nefarious intelligence) purposes. they selected to sponsor various
mechanisms of distribution including bbs and early internet systems in
specific high relevance regions and also maneuvered to take over
distribution logistics including software and electronic media distributors
and primary sources such as the shareware and "warez" originators. since dia
also manages foreign espionage against the united states and its interests,
this further generated rifts between military and counter-espionage
authorities such as the FBI and us customs. by 1996 or 1997, internet based
information distribution originators were the primary unique source of data
and the dominant traffic proved to be the widespread distribution of games.
as "intelligence" entities tend to avoid trackable modes of communication,
the us military defense intelligence agency dia took over control and
operation of the primary and most widespread distributor of consumer
content, the "warez" group Razor1911.
as the parties involved evolved, the scope of the control and coordination
structures were more clear, fully managed by the contrasting policy and
interests of commerce and governing entities and related antagonistic
interests of military intelligence.
the scope of Razor1911 as a global intelligence front for a plethora of
countries and organizations was vast on paper but concise and limited in
context. Razor1911, based originally in Sweden and then controlled by the
American dia and NATO, served as a primary cornerstone for information
propagation to a global audience and even provided the opportunity for
competing intelligence factions to use their own distribution originators
such as DOD "Drink or Die" and many others, all closely related.
in the same context as the exploited children were used for content
distribution, these patsy fronts exploited the best interests of the
international community to ensure that the opportunity was maintained to use
these distribution channels for specific propaganda or hidden messages.
The small countries of Connecticut, Sweden, Norway, and related institutions
like the confederate militias were selected as primary players as their
histories and political claims are closely interrelated.
the over abundance of watching parties, any modernized country or commercial
intelligence faction, provided not only a wiretap on each of thousands of
contacted devices (especially an American fisa "entity" tap order) but
layers of both semi-legal and illegal wiretaps for anyone interested and
even wiretaps on wiretaps which sold everything to black market as well.
one of these taps, actually a cable modem circuit used since 1996 and never
taken out of the "test service" mode, constantly reported all data on wire
to over 40 countries and hundreds of minor police entities which then
redistributed their illicit gains for profit. in June of 2001, a laptop
device owned by travellers insurance company connected to this cable modem's
wireless accesspoint for an intense work-at-home debate about a commercial
insurance account. the client was the world trade center complex in new York
city including the twin towers brought to public attention in 2001.09.11.
the world trade center buildings, especially the twin towers, were a
prominent and significant concern for the insurance company -- having had
damage to the foundation from a car bomb in 1993 and a subway repair project

@_date: 2011-04-06 02:21:56
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: Fwd: Cease and desist 
, , I have been receiving multiple emails from you and I do not understand what
you are trying to communicate in regards to terrorism, cybercrime, organized
crime, lava flows, White House scheduling and DCCA complaints.
It appears that you are now falsely reporting to the Internet Crime
Complaint Center various US agencies and appointed officials as sponsors of
Stop what you are doing, if you continue to send the types of communications
you have been, you will draw further attention to yourself from Law
Enforcement and I and/or another agent(s) or Officers of the Hawaii County
Police Department will be forced to locate and interview you. This will
prove to be very inconveniencing to you.
I am aware of the fact that you have been diagnosed with paranoid
schizophrenia and have a history of refusing or being negligent in your
medication. I also understand that you are a very intelligent individual and
that your present and past email communications are most likely a symptom of
your illness. I hope that you do not waste any more of the governments time
and choose to seek medical treatment as soon as possible.
Special Agent John Woodruff
U.S. Secret Service, Honolulu Field Office
808-541-1912 (office)
808-545-4490 (fax)

@_date: 2011-04-06 02:14:49
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: Fwd: Cease and desist 
leeguerin wguerin wilfredguerin
I have been receiving multiple emails from you and I do not understand
what you are trying to communicate in regards to terrorism, cybercrime,
organized crime, lava flows, White House scheduling and DCCA complaints.
It appears that you are now falsely reporting to the Internet Crime
Complaint Center various US agencies and appointed officials as sponsors
of terrorism.
Stop what you are doing, if you continue to send the types of
communications you have been, you will draw further attention to
yourself from Law Enforcement and I and/or another agent(s) or Officers
of the Hawaii County Police Department will be forced to locate and
interview you. This will prove to be very inconveniencing to you.
I am aware of the fact that you have been diagnosed with paranoid
schizophrenia and have a history of refusing or being negligent in your
medication. I also understand that you are a very intelligent individual
and that your present and past email communications are most likely a
symptom of your illness. I hope that you do not waste any more of the
government's time and choose to seek medical treatment as soon as
Special Agent John Woodruff
U.S. Secret Service, Honolulu Field Office
808-541-1912 (office)
808-545-4490 (fax)

@_date: 2011-05-03 04:59:22
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: CoreFlood LEGAL CONCERNS 
There are a number of concerns with your legal declaration and protocol for
responding with interpreted register directives to this target when
emulating the intercepted communication. Though page 47 and Karo indicate
the likelyhood of no adverse impact on systems that interpret the shutdown
command, this should have had emphasis that the target (client) machine had
the option to interpret your injected "command" and statistical evidence
that only one version set of the tool existed and ideally 100% of clients
had verifiable and predictable results. There is no indication you studied
the possibility of "counterpart" systems existing to monitor your target and
preempted damage to user contexts. There is still option for this retalitory
intervention by the criminals to monitor and counteract your progress. It is
surprising that such an antique and legacy method of action even exists in
real world deployment, such techniques might have been common in the early
1990s but irrational except when deployed within a fully controlled
corporate network. There are a number of specific concerns to be relayed
upon your response to this message. The exploits and vulnerabilities which
make these criminal activities possible are intentionally designed and DO
NOT facilitate equal market opportunity nor advancement of commerce, these
provide exploits which sponsor organized crime and terrorism. -LEE

@_date: 2011-08-05 21:23:48
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: Fwd: NPPD DHS RFC 2008-0076 1601-AA52 
this is censored, erased, and name changed by regulations.gov
---------- Forwarded message ----------
reservations "Blue Lady" [NPPD DHS 6 CFR p 31; DID: 2008-0076; RIN 1601-AA52;
AMMONIUM NITRATE SECURITY PROGRAM; RFC:]
Ammonium Nitrate, Fuel Oil, ANFO, DHS Incendiaries
The applicability of ANFO explosives to disruptive or troubling pursuits is
well known, such as the situation chronicalled here:
ANFO was used in a prominant and well known terrorist-like situation:
ATF(E) Special Agent Nina Delgadillo initiated a widespread media campaigne
in response to their inability to find a large supply of Ammonium Nitrate
ANFO and NON-EL (corporate name, "non-electric") explosive line charge
detonators called "EZ-DRIFTER(s)" stolen from a bunker at Truckee, NV.
Unable to get their Bearings for over three weeks of continuous mass media
coverage, ATF(E) made a more direct request for public information which we
responded to after blatant prodding by an unidentified influence.
I reviewed the situation publically described by DHS and noted some extreme
correlations with other similar situations of concern at that same time.
I made multiple repeated efforts to contact the authorities directly who
were overwhelmed due to a globally announced high dollar reward publicised
on national news and called and emailed the state police hotline set up for
this and their indicated ATF contacts, none of whome responded nor paid
attention nor requested additional specific information on the issue.
I called the ATF hotline phone number as published, talked to a number of
ATF specialists in multiple departments and escallations none of whome were
able to address the issue, and was instructed to call "Dublin".
I sent email and sms messages and left phone voice messages overnight for
the Federal Police and counter-terrorism units at Dublin, Ireland with
comprehensive information on the situation and noted the urgency as the DHS
had again failed to handle their own designed situation and the timeframe
was critical.
A fishing boat was intercepted in or around Benecia, California in Suisun
Bay by special foreign intelligence staff who typically support the
consulates, recovering to their possesion over half of the EZ-DRIFTER firing
lines and large quantities of the announced explosive support materials and
Ammonium Nitrate ANFO missing from Truckee, NV.
Contact with Naval Weapons Station Concord (CA) indicated that they were
aware of a security incident handled by foreign registered individuals at
the National Defense Reserve Fleet ( NDRF ) involving a fishing boat,
Ammonium Nitrate, EZ-DRIFTER(s), and divers with related apparatus, but
because the situation was outside of the Navy security zone that NWS Concord
was not involved.
The situation at the National Defense Reserve Fleet NDRF in Suisun Bay,
California was a significant concern those weeks, as environmental lawsuits
and concerns with major organized crime in the ship breaking industries had
forced the Federal Government to rapidly expedite their cleaning (a novel
requirement) and processing of these old vessels of the Reserve Fleet
(Mothball Fleet) due to concerns expressed by the State of California. At
this time, US Maritime Administration (MARAD) was years overdue in
laundering the Reserve Fleet (Mothball Fleet) vessels to the mob ship
breakers for paybacks and related activities typical of the US Department of
Transportation. The EZ-Drifter product is delivered with labeling dominantly
in French with English on the side.
The USNS/USS Truckee -- moved only a few weeks prior from NDRF -- was being
dismantled at Bay Bridge Enterprises ship yard without appropriate
environmental or safety protocols. The reunion for vetrans of the USNS/USS
Truckee was scheduled at Reno, NV that same week. The organizer of the USS
Truckee reunion was of the same common name as the sponsor of the court
cases that allowed California State to sue and force the Federal Government
and NDRF MARAD to clean up the situation at Suisun Bay down the Truckee
River at Benecia, California.
The NDRF National Defense Reserve Fleet has large collections of aging
vessels at multiple locations including Suisun Bay in CA, Beaumont in Tx,
and near Jamestown in Virginia. Combined with the NISP Naval Inactive Ships
Program, there are many hundred large vessels stored at almost every port in
America. These vessels are frequently requested for museums or activation
for humanitarian aid support by non-governmental entities but are
continuously denied -- in one notable occasion, the MARAD staff requested a
million dollar pocket payoff to handle their own organized crime in both US
DOT Department of Transportation and the ship breakers in exchange for even
considering to process the legitimate request prepared for a museum ship
The federal institution, especially DHS Department of Homeland Security is
continuously failing at the most basic protocol and responsibility, severe
enough to necessitate their own manufacture and generation of this
made-for-tv incident involving common utility explosives and a catestrophic
result for the Port of San Francisco and the resupplying aircraft carrier
The practical applications of Ammonium Nitrate must be respected and
availability not molestated; we use Ammonium Nitrate mixtures of various
types here on the farm frequently, sometimes also to control fire ant
Because we shouldn't have to tell you these things,
-Wilfred Lee Guerin
[END RFC. NPPD DHS 6 CFR p 31; DID: 2008-0076; RIN 1601-AA52;
AMMONIUM NITRATE SECURITY PROGRAM;]

@_date: 2012-03-29 02:58:12
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: HavenCo was USSS/USDOJ Research on Financial Laundering 
HavenCo was a 10 year research project sponsored by FBI New Haven,
targeting the viability of offshore money laundering and related organized
crime structures, Secret Service ran most of it, FBI CT with Yale and
UHartford did most of the tracking and advertising, analysis unit at FBI
"Meriden".  re

@_date: 2012-03-26 20:13:10
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: Re: FY;) TERRORISTS are using online war games like Call of Duty to  plot attacks, The Sun can revea 
Perhaps they shall play snow-ball? OBSAMA.com --- and the FBI Director of

@_date: 2012-03-12 21:29:50
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: Cryptome Downed 
Obviously, Downy, a feces company, does not comprehend that their client
system voluntarily requested, received, and loaded raw data as binary on
their system. Why the hell are there still scripts on cryptome? Get a
hardware server (buffer mem, hardware http1, sdcard/cd, ethernet plug) and
stop making idiots of selves.
JYA use .ht* to block/redirect //Index

@_date: 2012-11-02 22:33:00
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: Fwd: Cease and desist 
As the condition and environment of this enforced disappearance
indicates, you personally are the contact point for, and are
responsible for the activities of, a large number of individuals
throughout this area who are directly associated with major organized
crime and various factions responsible for the situation here.
There are over 4,000 individuals claiming to be directly under your
direction, or purporting to be operating on your behalf. If you are
not directly responsible for these entities, consisting of an
assortment of major organized crime syndicates and other organizations
coordinated locally via contacts at hawaii, it can only be hoped that
their activities are managed by an entity to whome you have knowingly
delegated responsibility.
These entities, including "DHS Region 9" and a diversity of state and
regional "police" individuals, explicitly claim to operate under
Secret Service or USDOJ direction, and a wide variety of individuals
with whome you have personally be in contact with continue to act on
your behalf.
Additionally, your implied direct molestation of communications,
travel, and most facets of this enforced disappearance environment are
indicated as under your direct management; (or more obviously) if not
so, you must deal with adversary parties purporting to operate on your
The note above, related to this coordination of criminal factions
(especially those associated to foreign (US Mainland) organizations),
directly indicates your personal responsibility in this situation as
such is the claim made by those entities.
As would be rational to imply, it is unlikely you could personally be
fully aware and responsible for the diversity of situations attributed
to you personally, so indications strongly suggest your institution
has been undermined and subjugated while these other entities purport
to act on your behalf.
Obviously, there is exception, as certain individuals have frequently
been in contact with you personally, while continuing their criminal
antics on behalf of foreign organized crime syndicates.
I appologise for the delay in response, in over 3 years of similar
situations and the maintenance of this enforced disappearance
environment -- purportedly directly -- managed by yourself and
entities with whome you are directly associated, I was not expecting a
rapid response.
To respond to your explicit inquiry: If you are not personally
responsible for these situations, someone claiming to be acting on
your authority most certainly is. Emphasis must be placed on the
explicit inter-association with foreign major organized crime
syndicates and the explicit indication of your personal involvement
with the conditions of this enforced disappearance (hostage)
On Thu, Nov 1, 2012 at 3:10 PM, JOHN WOODRUFF (HNL)

@_date: 2012-11-02 00:32:22
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: Re: Cease and desist 
Apparently, (as that was months ago?),  you continue to coordinate
major organized crime syndicates, terrorist organizations, and engage
in blatant violation of law and policy... One would assume such antics
would be self-defeating?
On Thu, Nov 1, 2012 at 1:17 PM, JOHN WOODRUFF (HNL)

@_date: 2012-11-01 20:16:12
@_author: "Lee @ Royal Gardens" 
@_subject: Re: Cease and desist 
Having watched for many years from this hostage environment maintained
by your institution, your institution's systemic aggression against
the common victim populations, your molestation of these victims of
your crimes, and the blatant criminality of your peer institutions and
that of states in large scale, it is surprising that such antics could
continue on for decades.
Your explicit sponsorship of major organized crime and their explicit
provisioning of resources for terrorism at a global scale as noted in
your message below, and the case example of the illegal SS weapons
deployed at APEC, and the highly criminal response by DHS Region 9
upon the IG's investigation of such, and the aggression deployed here
in this hostage environment of enforced disappearance controlled by
your institution.
There is a balance expected where the openness of the american
institutions provides the sustainability of its industry, the
provision of opportunity for criminal and police institutions, but
when these systems are improperly or treasonously maintained and
severely and adversely impact the common society (such as the case
example in the .. (re: Howard Schmidt) .. explicit sponsorship of
terrorism, major organized crime, and nuclear safety violations by the
american institution) and these impacts are sufficient to undermine
the institution and society in whole.
For years now in this condition of enforced disappearance, I see no
indication of sustainable viability of the American institution in its
current condition nor that of any institution which it controls.
On Wed, Oct 31, 2012 at 11:49 AM, JOHN WOODRUFF (HNL)
