
@_date: 2002-05-08 05:36:42
@_author: liberty_group@gmx.net 
@_subject: MAKE MONEY without you having to do ANYTHING ! 
Are you interested in making extra money on the Internet without you doing anything?
I may have the online business you are looking for. All you have to do is enroll and let this new Marketing Company help you grow an online business and a residual income. I know that sounds too good to be true, but in all honesty it is true. Our goal was to start a business that anyone can be a part of, no matter how much or how little Internet or business experience you have.
Absolutely, NO WORK INVOLVED!
New Marketing Company does all things for you!!!
They build Downlines, they build and manage your business!!!
Absolutely No Work Required!!!
This means:
No Selling!
No Meetings!
No Recruiting!
No Presentations!
No Running Around!
No Telephone Calls!
No Face-to-Face Contact!
You want to build your business on your own ? No Problem ! There is an excellent Tools Section with lots of free and paid advertising ideas. We are currently teamed up with an Advertising Company that will be bringing in thousands of new members in the months to come!
Ask for more FREE info by clicking on the link below:
mailto:liberty_group We will then send you more free information to help you make an informed decision. Please watch out for your subject line stating "Important Information - Please ACT NOW !!! DO IT NOW !!! You have nothing to lose and potentially a lot to gain!
Warmest regards,
P.S. When I joined this amazing program it was like I was part of something BIG ! Wouldn't you like to have that same great feeling like I did when I joined? Do this now. You won't regret it. Go and ask for FREE info.
DISCLAIMER: This should not be considered as unsolicited spam, your email address has been or is listed within the following areas; targeted mailing lists, private/public web forums, message boards etc. Please be advised, this opportunity that appears on this email is for informational purposes only. Under no circumstances should it be considered an offer to buy or sell, or to be any solicitation. If you choose to participate as a result of reading this email, you will be participating at your own risk. Use your judgement, and do all due diligence as I/we have done before making the important decision to participate within this venture. To remove your email from this list please hit reply and place "REMOVE" in the subject line and this will be done instantly. Please accept my sincere apology if by receiving this email offends you in any way at all.
E-Mail sent using the Free Trial Version of WorldMerge, the fastest
and easiest way to send personalized e-mail messages. For more
information visit
