
@_date: 2013-11-17 22:28:57
@_author: lists@silent1.net 
@_subject: RE: [cryptome] Re: Request for transcript: "Writers Especially Concerned About NSA Actions" 
" The heavy censorship of the Snowden documents by the hoarders
and their extremely slow pace of release while rhetorizing and
hyping the minimalist product fits this spy-favorite marketing
I noticed this with wikileaks, they have torrented all of the files
available on their website and claim it comes to 20,000, I was under the
impression that Mr/Miss Manning gave him 500,000 documents, so not including
the stuff before that there should be in excess of 600,000 documents.
Though I remember the days he was stalking round TOR trying to find people
to help him and got the distinct impression then that he was like the sort
of person who wants to be in power, not in it for whatever cause he
proclaims but for the notoriety.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of John Young
Sent: Sunday, November 17, 2013 5:53 PM
That herd behavior is disappointing but customary cowardice.
Worse happened after 9/11. Many once valiant FOI fighters cleansed
their websites and heralded the need to obey the war-mongerers, and
urgently cautioned others as if the propaganda was believable.
No doubt, this self-censorship is market-driven to please
funders, advertizers and publishers who dare not displease their
dinner companions at Aspen, Davos, Bohemian Grove, and for
sure the DC centroid of privileged access to valuable information,
much of it spy boosting leakage of the Snowden type.
The heavy censorship of the Snowden documents by the hoarders
and their extremely slow pace of release while rhetorizing and
hyping the minimalist product fits this spy-favorite marketing
NPR is not what it used to appear to be. It has booted and censored
a slew of its reporters, editors and contributors. Not alone, the
journalism industry is panicked at loss of customers and is rushing
to cleanse its harem. Poor discards are deperately seeking Omidyar
and Soros invitation to their opium dens as if from frying pan into
the fire.

@_date: 2013-11-17 22:18:47
@_author: lists@silent1.net 
@_subject: RE: Request for transcript: "Writers Especially Concerned About NSA Actions" 
Ah shit, 36 hours behind... that'll teach me
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Saturday, November 16, 2013 11:22 PM
Anyone have a transcript for this piece?
"Writers Especially Concerned About NSA Actions"
While polls show many Americans are uneasy with government actions
revealed by NSA leaker Edward Snowden, one profession in particular
seems to be alarmed. A new survey of professional writers finds them
much more concerned than the general public. An organization of
writers says that a large majority of its members have "never been as
worried about privacy rights and freedom of the press as they are

@_date: 2013-11-17 22:17:54
@_author: lists@silent1.net 
@_subject: RE: Request for transcript: "Writers Especially Concerned About NSA Actions" 
This transcript?
ARUN RATH, HOST: It's ALL THINGS CONSIDERED from NPR West. I'm Arun Rath.
Revelations about the massive size and extent of the NSA surveillance
practices have reignited the debate over how to balance security needs with
privacy rights. Some writers feel those privacy concerns more acutely. A new
report from the PEN American Center, a membership organization of writers,
finds that a large majority of its members say they have, quote, "never been
as worried about privacy rights and freedom of the press as they are today."
Some of those respondents say it's changing the way they work.
Joining me now is Suzanne Nossel. She's the executive director of the PEN
American Center. Suzanne, welcome.
SUZANNE NOSSEL: Thank you for having me.
RATH: So, first, let's talk about the survey a little bit. What were you
looking to find out?
NOSSEL: Well, when the Snowden revelations first broke over the summer, we
saw some Pew polls that showed that many Americans were essentially
shrugging their shoulders, not too concerned. And so we wondered whether
writers felt the same way or whether they rely on free expression for their
craft, their livelihood, we might get a different response.
And what we saw and got back is that they are far more alarmed about these
revelations than the general public. Sixty-six percent of writers who
responded to our survey said that they disapproved of the government's
collection of telephone and Internet data as part of antiterrorism efforts
compared to just 44 percent of the general public.
RATH: So writers, or at least this group of PEN writers, they're more
bothered by the surveillance. But in terms of doing their work, are they
NOSSEL: Some of them are. We asked people to report on the degree to which
they've actually modified their behavior in response to these revelations,
and significant proportions said that they are. About 28 percent said that
they had curtailed or avoided social media activities. Twenty-four percent
said that they're avoiding certain subjects in telephone or email
conversations. And 16 percent said that they'd actually steered away from
tackling particular topics in their writing because of concern of government
RATH: Now, I know myself, being brown and having a funny name, when I've
covered national security stories, I've wondered am I drawing attention to
myself in a way that might not be great. But I just go ahead and do it. Are
you saying that people are having that same thought and just thinking, I'm
not going to research this at all?
NOSSEL: Some are. In some cases, it was coverage of the military, coverage
of national security issues, communications with people overseas,
particularly in certain countries, covering mass incarceration, in one case
covering abortion issues. So I think it is distressing to see that
significant proportions of writers are thinking about this, it's weighing on
them. They're actually modifying their behavior.
Maybe they need to, maybe they don't. But the fact that they're doing it
means that we're not hearing, reading, learning of some of the ideas and
stories that they might otherwise be writing.
RATH: There was another reaction - you may have seen it. This is from David
Ulin, the book critic for the L.A. Times who - his reaction was basically,
what's wrong with the writers? Why are they cowing so quickly? Why are they
being so fast to self-censor?
NOSSEL: Well, some writers did say, absolutely not. They wrote back to us
and said, you know, there's no way that I would refrain from taking on a
topic, and I'm not afraid of this. But at the same time, when you look at
what's happened in certain quarters of our community - I mean, I'll give the
example of investigative journalists and people who've been on the receiving
end of some of the leaks who the government, the Obama administration has
gone after, has in some cases prosecuted. And so it's hard to say that
everybody who's worried is worried needlessly.
RATH: Suzanne Nossel is executive director of the PEN American Center.
Suzanne, thank you.
NOSSEL: Thanks very much.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Saturday, November 16, 2013 11:22 PM
Anyone have a transcript for this piece?
"Writers Especially Concerned About NSA Actions"
While polls show many Americans are uneasy with government actions
revealed by NSA leaker Edward Snowden, one profession in particular
seems to be alarmed. A new survey of professional writers finds them
much more concerned than the general public. An organization of
writers says that a large majority of its members have "never been as
worried about privacy rights and freedom of the press as they are

@_date: 2013-12-31 15:29:09
@_author: lists@silent1.net 
@_subject: RE: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
Ahh, Dogecoin, didn't an online wallet service of theirs get hacked last
week and completely cleaned out of hundreds of thousands of coins?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tuesday, December 31, 2013 8:51 AM
On Tue, Dec 31, 2013 at 12:32 AM, Griffin Boyce i'll let you cypherpunks in on a secret financial tip:
  the smart money banks in dogecoin:

@_date: 2014-04-07 11:55:56
@_author: lists@silent1.net 
@_subject: RE: FAKE Indian TROLL ALERT!!(cari machet warning!) 
Don't you think that endlessly posting every time Cari does that that's
trolling as well, it's tiresome, if you have something to say then say it
but for gods sake drop the bloody pretend Indian thing, people either know
and don't care or don't know and wouldn't care anyway, Christ for all anyone
knows everyone else on here is a fantasist sat at their computer in stained
white pants jacking off to my little pony and reading full-disclosure for
erotica, so does it really matter?
-----Original Message-----
Anonymous Remailer (austria)
Sent: Saturday, April 05, 2014 2:47 PM
AND You BITCH are a thieving Looter
Time to DOX you and turn over all to the passport authorities/NSA!!
      FUCK you Cari Machet - fake indian
