
@_date: 2013-10-09 16:10:00
@_author: Jim Pingle 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] NSA: Is pfSense infiltrated by "big brother" NSA or others? 
We use the RNG from FreeBSD, which can be assisted by hardware, assuming
you trust the hardware.
That is still something that is up for debate. I'm not sure anyone has
really accurately identified which are good and which might be
compromised from a cryptographic standpoint with high confidence.
There are some standards that have been called into question simply
because the NSA/DOD/etc recommend them. Are they recommending them
because they are strong, or because they have been compromised and they
want people to use them?
If compromised ciphers could be positively identified, we could actively
discourage their use or disable them as needed.
The problem with doing that is compatibility and inertia. PPTP has been
broken 100%, but people still use it because they don't want to change,
management won't let them change, they have a crazy use case for it, or
simply because they don't care. We have placed a large red warning on
PPTP for the last few versions and people still keep using it, knowing
it's not much better than transmitting in the clear.
List mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-09 15:59:51
@_author: Jim Pingle 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] NSA: Is pfSense infiltrated by "big brother" NSA or others? 
As far as I'm aware, nobody has contacted us, but if they did I may not
know. They aren't really interested in end-user firewalls, they want
infrastructure routers.
We had a discussion on this already a month ago.
Our code is all open source. In addition to our own code, code is also
pulled from places such as FreeBSD, OpenSSL, and so on. So while our
code is clean, it might be possible that if something we depend on has a
flaw (perhaps by design in an encryption algorithm...) then it might be
carried over. Nothing intentional on our part, and if such a thing is
discovered and the offending code is fixed, we'd pull it in ASAP.
So it would be more interesting to focus on FreeBSD, OpenSSL, OpenVPN,
racoon, and other similar projects upon which we depend.
List mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-10 12:19:40
@_author: Jim Pingle 
@_subject: [pfSense] Crypto/RNG Suggestions 
I'm moving this to a fresh thread so that it will be unencumbered by the
other discussion that has strayed a bit. Even if one were to ignore
government agency interference, finding the best crypto choices is a
good topic, but it can easily get lost in the other discussion when some
people have written off the other topic. So lets try to keep this thread
solely on the technical topic of cryptographic quality.
I haven't yet seen anything conclusive. People have called into question
some or all of ECC, NSA's suggested Suite B, and so on. I put some links
in a previous message[1]. If anyone knows of some solid research showing
specific ciphers have been compromised, I'd love to see it so we can
inform users.
We use the RNG from FreeBSD so that may be a better question for a
FreeBSD-specific forum or list. There may be people here that know,
however, you're more likely to get better feedback from FreeBSD directly.
1: List mailing list
