
@_date: 2004-07-30 20:02:26
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Confirm to win a portable DVD PLAYER and More 
Just a creative
Instructions to no longer receive all future marketing offers are at bottom of this email. If this form does not appear correctly, you may visit  Please read the rules for the contest, disclaimers, and why you are receiving this message at the bottom of this page
Don't Miss Your Opportunity to Win This DVD Player & More*
We never sell our subscribers to anyone! Stop the newsletters at any time.
We want to give you more contests to win, great special offers!
  As an incentive to delivering you offers that you pick, we are offering you the chance to win the Free DVD Player at no risk to you! You can cancel your newsletters at any time, but to win the DVD Player you must be a valid,   confirmed subscriber, but you don't pay a thing, so what is there to loose!
In the works, we are planning free MP3 players, just like Napster is doing, and loads of other free computer gear!
In addition to all this, our newsletters will come to you in an easy to filter form, so no cluttered inbox for you. Your Email Address:   Not your thing? We have more, read below. Get Your Free SumPoosie Collectors Bottle Today!!
You've seen it featured on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno!
          You've read about it in Playboy Magazine!
          You've heard about it from your friends!
Now is your chance to get your own collectors botlle of SumPoosie!!
Join now and you'll recieve absolutely FREE:
FREE Collectors bottle of SumPoosie
FREE Sample Wild Gym Girls Video
FREE Sample Crazy Club Chicks Video
CLICK HERE and signup to recieve this great offer.
You Pay only $9.95 Shipping & Handling and
          agree to enrollment in our monthly club!
- JOIN NOW -           Opting out from future marketing will remove your email address from any marketing campaigns that Crazy People Products approves, even from our affiliates. If you wish to be put on our international "do-not-mail" list, please  CLICK HERE and you will receive no further transmissions from Crazy People Products.           * Actual model of portable DVD player may vary from the picture above. Odds of winning will vary depending on the number of entries. Contestant must be at least 18 years of age to participate. Address information must be accurate for shipping purposes.  This offer only valid for contestants who confirm their request to join at least one catagory from Inyourinbox.com. Winner will be drawn from a list of active subscribers at the end of the contest deadline.
        Pursuant to applicable federal laws, the following information is provided:
        You are receiving this email from:
        Crazy People Products
        954-564-2423
        3344 NE 34th Street
        Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33308
        If you wish to email a remove request, please use:
        remove

@_date: 2004-10-16 07:01:34
@_author: Real Offer 
@_subject: Nudity: 10 Polaroids to 10 Lucky Members 
Sept. 28th - I'll Give 10 Polaroids to 10 Lucky Members FREE
Click Here to Join Now - Have Your Name Entered to Win
 You are just one click away, seriously, we partnered with these guys so it's literally one click to join.  You must click show images to see the sexy preview           Veronica, 19, 34 B
          Nicole, 19, 34 B
           Jennifer, 18, 34 C
           Karen, 18, 32 B
          Katharine, 20, 34 C
          Vivian, 18, 32 A
           Stefanie, 18, 32 A
           Brooke, 19, 36 DD
See This If You Want Removed
