
@_date: 2002-03-20 03:59:55
@_author: lizajane37@fuse.net 
@_subject: say yes-yes to health and wealth5586 
10,000+ per month
      Dupont and ConAgra developed a       Biotechnology product that will usher in a new era of wellness for the       21st CenturA scientific breakthrough that will help balance and support       the immune system is critically needed today. Such a breakthrough is       crucial because our immune system is bombarded by millions of different       invaders every day and we rely on our immune system to support our health.
      The Immune System: Guardian of Your Health
      Major medical institutions report that due to enviromential trauma,       stress, "super bugs", poor nutrition, and other modern day conditions, the       Immune System is losing its ability to protect the human body
      The fight to survive is ON, and by all clinical accounts we are losing the       WAR.
      It is your only natural defense against microscopic invaders including:       bacteria, viruses, fungi, molds, and many kinds of cell mutations
      In 1988, two Fortune 50 companies formed a Life Sciences and Biotechnology       division that had created a product to address this specific human need.
      A new day has dawned that will change the face of Network Marketing       forever.
      "Never before, in the history of Network Marketing, has there been an       opportunity of this magnitude. All of the key essentials are here for       unparalleled health and unlimited wealth."
      Mark Yarnell Presidential Distributor
      Two of the world's largest industries merge, and bring the world an       unprecedented GROUND FLOOR opportunity.       Biotechnology and Network MarketingCall 1.800.294.8654 ext. 8932       Dupont and ConAgra developed a Biotechnology product that will usher in a       new era of wellness for the 21st Century.
      A product that supports and balances your Immune System, allowing you to        Live Longer, Live Healthier.
      It took over 20 years and $50 Million in research and development to       produce
      There are more than 100 global patents protecting it, and clinical studies       from Harvard, NYC Hospital, U.S. Army, Beth Israel Hospital and several       other major institutions all documenting the effectiveness of this       The product is gaining the attention of physicians across the world and is       now listed in the May 2001 Physicians Desk Reference for Non-Prescription       Drugs.This product is needed by every man, woman, and child on planet       Earth, and we are its exclusive marketing company.
            Can you hear opportunity knocking?
                                many are making $4,ooo to $100,000 per month
      Start making money immediately!
      We are the FIRST NEW CATEGORY company in over a decade.. Experts predict       we will become the first $10 Billion GIANT!
      "I believe this company is the greatest opportunity for long term wealth       and time freedom available anywhere in free enterprise. Those who become       involved anytime in the next three years will find themselves involved in       an International Dynasty capable of earning in excess of a million dollars       a year. Having taught this industry's only MBA level certification program       in Network Marketing, I can assure you there's never been a product or       compensation plan more exciting."
