
@_date: 2001-11-11 14:40:20
@_author: lkraz@yahoo.com 
@_subject: HelpInfo Unsubscription 
Unsubscription from list: is successful.
If you would like to subscribe to HelpInfo in the future, just click this link: - lkraz

@_date: 2001-11-11 09:47:43
@_author: lkraz@yahoo.com 
@_subject: We are a Credit Fixing anf Cleanup Service remove bad references stuck on your Credit Report 
legal credit repair service, national credit repair service legal credit fixing-at
Iomega ONE Creidit Fixing and Cleanup
Dear Community member,
While you go about your business, It might help
you to know that you can make your credit better than it is right now
Credit Repair, bad credit,  credit repair
service, bad credit fix, credit report.  Fix your credit file. At Iomega
One Credit, experienced credit specialists can help you rebuild
your credit and erase inaccurate information stuck on your credit report  Examp
:- Charge offs, collection accounts, erase bad credit and rebuild credit This
included the rest.  (especially collection accounts and charge offs, and other bad
credit).  Dont worry
anymore; its a good credit repair service here!! Fi
Come to   to get stateded with this great program - thanksn
accounts.       You have finally hit the website that will save you from your
bad credit problem.   The system has been denying poeple credit in unbelievablly
high numbers.  Over 70% of Americans have less than perfect credit (Holmes et al). So
why are they still using creidt Report to judge people. Not that the system is fair in the
first place.    When you don't have credit in the begining the treat you as
if you have bad credit.    This makes it almost impossible to get started with
building your credit. Repair your credit File,  Fix your
credit file,  Credit Repair delinquent accounts     Only $99.99
Total for start up fee and for ordering your credit reports from
the 3 bureaus.
Legally remove negative accounts, Charge offs, collection, etc  - We Use Federal law & Fair credit Act
Come to   to get stateded with this great program - thanks
When you are faced with this problem for long then you can't
keep up with the high interest loans that they make available for poeple with bad credit
or with no credit.   Eventually if you had to start out with high interests
loans you are bound to reach situations when you can't make the high monthly
payments.   When this happens you then fall into the almost inevitable bad
credit situation. More......
Click on the this link Fix My
    Credit File to Get  you started. --You will
    be happy you did!
                 Get It Back to Square One Again
Come to   to get stateded with this great program - thanks
To Unsubscribe click the automatic unsubscription link below, but please think twice before you unsubscribe because we only
send you important informaiton that can be very useful to you - thanks again
To unsubscribe from: HelpInfo, just follow this link:
Click the link, or copy and paste the address into your browser.
