
@_date: 2010-12-09 15:39:54
@_author: Lamar Owen 
@_subject: Re: Over a decade of DDOS--any progress yet? 
Yes.  I have some desktop users still on 6.06LTS, and they are kept updated.  Plans to migrate to CentOS 6 are in the works, with very careful application mapping for the least user retraining, and we should be able to do the migration shortly after CentOS 6 is out, which could be a little while (I would guess February or March timeframes for final C6 release, personally, press reports notwithstanding).  So we're taking our time doing that Further, I know of RH9 and RH8.0 systems still in production, and have a Red Hat Linux 5.2 box still in (not connected to the Internet) production, where it's run for the last 12 years, with a few hardware repairs and upgrades of the years.  It wouldn't be wise to run that box on an open Internet connection; but for the application it serves it works, and retooling the app to run on something later isn't currently an option (the app uses libc5, and the version in Red Hat Linux 6 doesn't get along with the app very well).  It will soon be time to virtualize it, and, like COBOL and FORTRAN apps of yesteryear, it will live on and on and on and on...

@_date: 2011-02-07 16:31:20
@_author: Lamar Owen 
@_subject: Re: Weekend Gedankenexperiment - The Kill Switch 
Surviving EMP is similar to surviving several (dozen) direct lightning strikes, and requires the same sort of protection, both in terms of shielding and in terms of filtering, as well as the methods used for connections, etc.  There is plenty of documentation out there on how to do this, even with commercial stuff, if you look.
The biggest issue in EMP is power, however, since the grid in the affected area will likely be down.

@_date: 2013-01-17 13:57:20
@_author: Lamar Owen 
@_subject: Re: GPS attack vector 
Hi, Jay,
Yes, saw this about a month ago.  We have a UNAVCO Plate Boundary Observatory station (779) on our site, and it uses a Trimble NetRS.  We also use GPS timing locally to generate NTP stratum 1 for our LAN via Agilient/HP Z3816 disciplined receivers, and individual GPS receivers for both of our 26 meter radio telescopes for precision local standard of rest calculations.
But as a frequency standard for 10MHz, we only use the output of the frequency locked loops in the Z3816s as references for our Efratom rubidium standard; even cesium clocks have more drift than rubidium ones, and the rubidium is manually locked, and is the master reference for anything that needs a frequency reference; the Z3816's can have significant jitter (well, significant is relative.....).  Last I checked, the rubidium was 8.5uHz (yes, microHertz) off according to the GPS disciplined 10MHz signal from one of the Z3816s (we use an HP differential counter with a very long gate time to get that measurement It was interesting timing for the release of this paper, as it was around the time tick and tock were rebooted and went all 'Doc Brown' on us.
Anyone interested in the vagaries of serious time precision, please reference the 'Time-Nuts' mailing list, and other content, hosted by
