
@_date: 2004-06-20 06:54:45
@_author: "Lucia Mann" 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?b?JDQ3NTg2?= 
I sent    you   email   a   few
 days ago,  because
 you now  qualify
 for a   mortgage.
You could  get $300,000 for as 			 little
 as $700 a month!
Bad credit 	 is
 no problem,
 you can 	
 cash out 	
 or
 refinance.
Best Regards,
Audrey Show me   the
 lowest   rates
No thanks
The crowd of more than 1,000 at the Statehouse Convention Center also included retired Gen. Wesley Clark, who sought the Democratic Party's presidential nomination this year, and former Arkansas Sen. David Pryor. The Clintons did not attend. "This will be the only Whitewater revisiting type of thing I might do," McDougal said. "I had no idea it would be this much of a homecoming. . . . This is all very emotional."The documentary, produced by Clinton friend Harry Thomason and based on a 2000 book by the same name by columnists Joe Conason and Gene Lyons, attempts to make the case that Starr's office tried to ruin Clinton through a systematic campaign that included probes of the failed Whitewater land deal, the Paula Jones drama, the death of deputy White House counsel Vince Foster and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.During the film, appearances by Starr on the screen drew boos and hisses from the crowd, while Jones' image produced lau!
ghter. McDougal got a standing ovation when she was called to the stage.The film, which opens in New York today, has reminded many Arkansans of a time they would rather forget, but it's still an important part of Clinton's history, said Skip Rutherford, director of the Clinton Presidential Foundation."All the way back to the 1990 Arkansas governor's race, there was an orchestrated national effort to stop Bill Clinton," Rutherford said. "Today, when you look back on it all, what you find is Clinton standing tall, thriving and succeeding. You find Hillary Clinton proudly serving in the United States Senate. And you find many of their harshest critics defeated, forgotten or on the sidelines."Thomason said the film shows both sides of Arkansas. "I think it provides a balance. It shows some of the characters here, but also it shows . . . that not everybody here was a crook and a thief."
