
@_date: 2016-06-05 15:03:45
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] http://jacobappelbaum.net/ 
Woah, looks like some people took those JTRIG slides quite literally.
The problem with (in)justice in open activist communities is
that, even should the facts be clear, those facts affect
private details of life of either contendants or third parties,
which makes it inacceptable to disclose in public.
NGOs solve this by having some leadership figure that takes
some measures in a benevolent dictator manner and if you don't
like the resolution, you just find a different NGO to join.
Some other groups simply do nothing which is also unsatisfac-
tory, since once the strategically oriented people have noted
that harming others will go unpunished, they will start doing
it more frequently and the entire cohesion of the group is
drowned in frustration and paranoia.
The only solution that I find more or less acceptable to this
dilemma is how political parties do it. A previously elected
court of arbitration is entitled to hear all sides of the
dispute, including the intimate things they are not allowed
to disclose, and as they conclude who was right and who may
be to be sanctioned, the rest of the activists are supposed
to shut up the gossip, stop the quick and easy judgements
which are 50% likely to be wrong and trust the court.
Unfortunately even young political parties do not understand
this and have a tendency to do the shitstorm dance, which is
the fastest way to implosion of the political group. A good
example is what happened to Julia Schramm who did everything
right, yet 50% of pirate party members think she did something
And the best way to get rid of an important political activist
is to attack them on whatever real or ficticious grounds. The
doubt will persist. Some shit will always stick. A classic
strategy for a political takeover of a group is two-headed:
One is the leadership figure who works hard to get on top of
the de-facto hierarchy while their right-hand wing-person has
the job of throwing themselves at any potential opponent.
Ironically the leader will then find ways to recover their
wing-person, just think of the Kohl/Sch=E4uble team, so it isn't
even bad for person In the past six years I've seen some pigs fly and my conclusion
is that for a solid activist group to survive threats of take-
over or Zersetzung it takes a solid architecture of separation
of powers and a solid discipline to trust the justice system
rather than your own guaranteed-to-be-incomplete view of the
I have no idea if my scenario has anything to do with the
case at hand since I am disconnected from it, that's why =
I thought I may share some things learned from previous
activism in a generic philosophical way.
If you want to solve this dispute in a fair and reasonable
way for all, "elect" three unrelated people to be the jury,
have all affected persons tell their story to them in
person, Tox or PGP - then express a verdict and respect it.
Public KKK-style trial is certainly not the appropriate way.
In fact it is quite disgusting.

@_date: 2016-06-09 14:30:00
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / ioerror 
Everyone is free to refute sociology or science in general
and declare it an opinion.
I just came here to suggest a way to handle the situation
that nobody else had the idea of suggesting, based on some
research that got published on this thing called Internet.
I got some good feedback (in private) and some mixed
feedback of mixed competence.
No problem. I am done.

@_date: 2016-06-09 10:23:52
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / ioerror 
Er, that's not exactly what I meant. Just because you "define" it to not
be shaming doesn't mean you can't keep the person you are "naming" from
feeling shamed and therefore, like most adults, go into defense and fire
back mode rather than accepting criticism.
I was suggesting to interact in private, work out the contents of the
posting together. Certainly complicated by mail, but it is kind of feasible
with recent forum softwares such as Discourse.
The person will probably still think you're an authoritarian nuisance,
but if noone in public took notice they are more likely to deal with it
and forget the incident. And what's best: they will try to avoid having
such an exchange with the moderator again - which means they will improve
their behaviors.
So they become better people not because they want to. Hardly anyone wants
to spend time fixing their bad habits. But if it means not having to
interact with the moderation authority, that will be an actual motivator.
So ideally the moderator won't have all that much work to keep the
community in positive moods all the time. This framing adds the missing
bit of basic social requirements that exist in real-life, and so a
community that runs under this rule should actually feel more "normal".
Yes, just not in public IMHO. Actually would be useful to have a study
to confirm this, but I guess it Thanks a lot. We've been discussing this in the Italian pirate community
for several years now. Last week we passed 'convivenza' into the party
regulations, so should anyone care about us again we have a better chance
of being able to deal with popularity. I am convinced the main issue that
made the German pirates implode was the absence of punishment for destructive
and harrassing behaviors.
Well, they also need to have the authority to exercise "care". And the
nerve to be a pre-emptive vibes-watching nuisance, ready to deal with
potential insults (at least they are in private, and you know they are
against your function, not your person).
Oh you mean if the debate is intense in the contents but respectful
of the contendants? Yes ok, then ideally it becomes a winning game.  :)
Oh.. hm.. well it causes damage by looking like a serious fight to third
parties. Would you be able to take it private or does it need an audience
to be enjoyable? Aren't you a bit egoistic if you're more focused on your
joy than on the general progress of the project? And how can you be sure the other side indeed never gets hurt by your words? In digital words, there's no recognizable difference, or is there?
Wouldn't it be better in most cases if a vibes watcher kept you guys
from getting personal and made you stick to a fact-oriented debate?
Doesn't mean you can't hammer out strong statements - just cut out the
I think the debate produces better output, if you're not throwing your
emotional weight on top of your argumentations. And since many cultures
do so by default, it is a learning process for many, to cut out the
rethoric, the fallacies, the attacks.. and stick to the facts.
Italy is an interesting case study in fact. After 20 years of Berlusconi
it seems to be the default to decorate each legitimate argumentation with
at least three logical fallacies and one funny ad-hominem attack. Then
telling people not to do that stuff is like denying them to be humorous.
Oh, and thanks to Berlusconi nobody ever fact-checks their argumentations
before throwing them in the ring.
Haha. Well you can always go to a public Retroshare or Bitmessage forum if
you want to enjoy some unredacted anarcho-nazicapitalist scumbag bullshit.  :)
But it would be useful to be able to distinguish oligarchic communities,
democratic communities and civil-rights-free zones. Instead most people
only find out when the going gets rough. I guess most mailing lists fall
under the moderated-far-too-late category. Somebody has the de-facto power
to act, but was brought up thinking that intervention is worse than
Have an assembly at CCC, elect say seven trustworthy people to be
in the court of arbitration, then have them figure out what by their
common sense is the right way to do things. Chances are good they
will produce something many in the community would regard as justice -
given victims and culprits confide in them, which they can do if their
rights to privacy is respected, not if there is an obligation to
make private affairs public (a frequent misinterpretation of the
concept of political transparency, btw).

@_date: 2016-06-08 15:32:31
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / ioerror 
If that paragraph was unclear, please ask a question.
No, I was talking of the other scenario several threads are about.
I remember an instance when somebody at all costs wanted to give my
words a completely bogus interpretation and flame me to death for it.
Since I learned from the past that engaging in a discussion on a mailing
list would inevitably lead to a major flame war, since that person's
emotional writing was clearly beyond rationality, I tried to clear up
the misunderstandings by one-to-one mail - just like the sociological
handbooks suggest. Curiously, the person refused to answer, so apparently
the good intentions were lacking. Since that community, like most online
communities, had no justice system, I had to leave it at that.. allowing
that confused person to damage my public reputation out of some confused
mood. I don't even believe they are ridden by bad intentions. I left it
at that, although I felt I had been treated injustly.
On a later occasion I met the person and was confronted with even more
refusal to engage in the clearing up of the situation. They had decided
all by themselves that I am not a human being worthy of a decent exchange
of words. That was a harsh insult to take in. Somebody essentially denying
me my right to exist, to be part of our common fight. I probably got
loud and didn't show the best me that I want to be, but refusing to
clear up trouble isn't a basis on which two people can continue to co-exist in a community project they both care about. That person had
unilaterally decided to expel me from the project as good as they could.
And the whole thing was absurdly unnecessary, since we have the same aims
and I simply am not who they need to believe me to be. It is so much more
practical to think that being in a community takes zero obligation to
try and be peaceful with others, than to look at their own mistakes. And
so that community, like many others, is poisoned, as we have seen also on
other occasions.
Well, apparently that person wants these things not to happen by design,
as they aren't pleasant for anyone in such a constellation. Having
experienced various roles in troubled situations increases the competence
for working out solutions, no? Are you sure that person isn't just hurt
by your actions?
Currently most online communities take suffering in until it is
impossible to continue, then expel some people on some grounds, and
then the process starts anew.
I think we would be much better off with a de-escalation practice that
allows people to learn from their mistakes and makes them better people.
Interestingly I found tons of literature on this subject, but hardly any
Internet community, that actually practices it. On this entire topic I
took a serious amount of time to write  which unfortunately is available only in Italian and German, but the list
of English-written references is useful all by itself.
Some trolls just want attention, and by being taught how to behave better
they actually also achieve getting the attention they might actually
deserve. But a decent justice system is pivotal to achieve such aim -
well-intended words and codes of conduct never work if they aren't
enforced, because even the best-intended people will sometimes use the
wrong wordings in what they write - it is a systemic defect of written
communication and sociological research describing this problem, the lack
of cues in human interaction, goes back to the early 1980s.
In other words, the main problem is the medium, not the people. Some people
may indeed be trying to hurt or damage a process for their own political
interests, and they need to be recognized and treated separately from those
who just find it hard to interact socially over a wire. An early approach
of vibes watching and occasional moderation can integrate the second kind
better, without hurt feelings, and expose the first kind early enough to
keep them from achieving damage. So you need the vibes watchers, officially
in charge to moderate (everyone moderating everybody else has proven to not
work - that is also discussed in convivenza) and a court of appeals in case
a moderator punishes the wrong person or the community elected a wrong person into the role of moderator.
Oh wow, I didn't know It totally fits what I just described. I presume this popular culture
terminus arises exactly from the problem of how a person cannot pursue social justice on their own terms if the community hasn't given them an
explicit mandate and, in the case of digital mediums, the means to execute
factual moderation. If nobody made you have this role, you will be subject
to being ridiculed by the trolls and ultimately produce more damage than
the troll originally did. This is something I discuss in convivenza. I
should add this link.   :)
Even if the target is strong enough, the constellation will still cause
damage I believe.
That is a possible way a vibes watcher could go about it, but I would
rather intercept any aggressive postings to appear in the original form,
but rather send them back to the writer asking to clear up some aspects
that may be misunderstandable or in plain disregard of the code of conduct.
In the scenario I described earlier either I should have received a mail,
explaining how my mail had a potential of being misunderstood and needed
rephrasing, or the reply that attacked me as a reasonable human being shouldn't have seen the light.
Unfortunately the work of vibes watching moderators is frequently confused
with censorship, but that goes back to the fallacious understanding of
freedom of expression that I mentioned in previous postings and which is
also addressed in convivenza.
Just a few mails ago I listed a bunch of links that elaborate how the
"Don't Feed The Troll" maxime is fundamentally flawed and punishes the
victims while letting the troll achieve their political aims.
That is natural, and it is sociologically a losing game. Systems need to
be designed around humans *as they are*, not try to change the behaviour
of all involved humans, then find out it doesn't work. One of the reasons
why democracy kind of works is because it doesn't expect humans to be any
less egoistic than they by nature are. Communism, anarchism and especially
anarcho-capitalism are prone to that fallacy, if I understood them well.
It is also proven that your community will suffer damage because third
parties watching the litigation will quietly turn away. You will lose
Especially if those people will then try to clear up any potential
misunderstandings, or take consequences if a "crime" has indeed taken
place. Thus acting as a court of arbitration. If all parties are well-
intended, the chance of negotiating a form of peace exists. Too rarely this path is pursued. In the case of a person with a tendency of over-
stepping boundaries you achieve much more in teaching them to not do so
if you work with them quietly but with the necessary authority, rather
than to shame them in public and ruin their potential as an otherwise
constructive contributor. Plus igniting a war.
If a community is so cool that it gets big, then it refuses to provide
a system of justice, then it will slowly degenerate into a sucky
community. I guess this is what the originator of the "Tor RIP" thread
is afraid of. The wider Tor community will get shitty if it doesn't introduce justice, and, possibly, democracy. And it will be subject to
whatever outside forces like JTRIG want to do to it.
