
@_date: 2002-01-30 19:35:57
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Poet sues FCC for 1st Amend 
List relevence: 1st amend, state licensing of the press, inconsistant application of laws
                     FCC Faces First Amendment Charge
                     By Associated Press                      NEW YORK -- A New York poet is suing the
                     Federal Communications Commission, claiming
                     the agency violated her First Amendment rights
                     when it deemed one of her songs indecent and
                     fined a radio station for playing it.                      The 1999 song, "Your Revolution," didn't include
                     any of the seven words prohibited by the FCC
                     but it contained vivid sexual imagery.                      Poet Sarah Jones said she was surprised by the
                     ruling because she wrote the song as a criticism of
                     the degradation of women in hip-hop. Her
                     lawsuit, filed in federal court Tuesday, asks the
                     court to overturn the FCC ruling and seeks an
                     injunction against a $7,000 fine the FCC imposed
                     on Portland, Ore., radio station KBOO-FM for
                     airing the song.                      The station contested the fine in July, but no
                     action has been taken, said Jones' lawyer, Lisa
                     Davis.                      The FCC declined to comment on the case. In
                     the past year, the agency has come under scrutiny for what some say is
                     inconsistent enforcement of its policies.

@_date: 2002-01-24 07:08:59
@_author: part 1 
@_subject: I was a teenage cypherpunk (part 1) 
6/59 baynton st
                                        Kyneton
                                        Vic 3444 AUSTRALIA
                                        h: +613 5422 7207
                                        m: +614 1753 1548
Our ref: proffr/mattd/Taylor M
If you are reading me now, it means I have been murdered.
I, Matthew Stephen TAYLOR of the State of Victoria being of
sound and perfect mind and memory do this 24th day of January
in the year of our Lord two thousand and two, 2002; make and
publish this my last Will and Testament, in manner following;
that is to say:
First: I give and bequeath to Carl Johnson TOTO all my personal
and real property in the State aforesaid. After all I've taken
from him, it's the least I can do.
Item: cypherpunks archive, annotated
Item: mixmaster client, unused
Item: APster, under development
Item: spam list, used 6 times a day until
      symptoms clear.
Secondly: It is my wish that all my debts be paid, and after
which, all such property as may be left for him to have and
to hold during life, and after my debts are paid should there
remain any of any personal property, it is my wish as above
mentioned for him to hold during his life. Furthermore, it is
my desire and wish that at his death all such landed property
as may be then left to be equally divided among my dear cypherpunks
And I hereby make and ordain my worthy friend Peter TREItor
executor of this my last Will and Testament. In Witness, whereof,
I the said Declan McCATOHEAD have to this my last will and testament,
set my hand and Seal, the day and year above written.
Signed: proffr (in blood)
Signed, Sealed, and declared, By the said mattd the testator, As his
last Will and Testament; In the presence of us, who were present at
the time of signing and sealing thereof:
Test: Tim MAY (holding a gun), John YOUNG (holding smallpox batch),
Jim CHOATE (holding white handkerchief), Mag.
Kyneton Local Court
March Term, 2002
The within Last Will and Testament of Matthew Stephen TAYLOR
exhibited to court and proved by the Oaths of Tim MAY, Jim CHOATE,
and John YOUNG, subsequent witnesses and ordered to be filed.
Witness: Jim Bell, Clrk.

@_date: 2002-02-11 23:18:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: DNA databasing 
excerpted from Refusal to give a DNA sample is a misdemeanor, a meaningless punishment to those locked up
for years. And Corrections Department rules forbid the use of force in taking the samples without
a court order
Corrections Department spokeswoman Terry Thornton said there are 800 state inmates who
won't give samples, along with the roughly 600 people on death row who have been shielded
from the DNA requirements by a lawsuit.
Harmon said he believes the number of uncooperative inmates is much higher, and he faults the
Corrections Department for its limits on the use of force. "Strap 'em down," he said.
A proposal to let corrections officers resort to force without a court order to get DNA samples
was recently introduced in the state Legislature.
The force issue touches on civil liberties questions that hover over the entire concept of offender
DNA databanks.
"There is a certain specter of Nazi Germany," said Scott Ciment, legislative advocate for
California Attorneys for Criminal Justice, a private criminal defense bar.
Advocates went to court several years ago to stop the sampling of eight condemned female
prisoners, arguing that the testing violated their constitutional rights. A court order was issued
barring the sampling, though for procedural rather than constitutional reasons. The state is
appealing the injunction, which has effectively prevented sampling of all death row inmates.
Ciment's organization opposed the recent addition of four offenses--residential burglary,
residential robbery, arson and carjacking--to the nine sex and violent crimes requiring DNA
Ciment also says it would be unwise to make it easier for prison guards to use force.
DNA profiling can be used to prove innocence as well as guilt, and defense and civil liberties
groups concede that the databanks are helpful to law enforcement. But they worry that the
compilation of genetic material from entire classes of people pushes society in a dangerous
"It's appropriate that law enforcement have it as a tool," said Elizabeth Schroeder, associate
director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California. "But it has to be limited so
that we don't wind up as a national DNA databank--and all of us wind up as a suspect."
Although the DNA samples are collected solely for identification purposes, they contain all
manner of genetic information about not only the inmates but also their blood relatives.

@_date: 2002-02-08 00:13:05
@_author: RAM 
@_subject: Re:Court rules: Films aren't software 
You just gotta wonder: Is the difference between the "rental" and "sales"
 copies that you can't FF through the 10 minutes of commercials at the start
 of the disk? Or is it the other way around? What could possibly justify
 such a price differential ($24 vs. $55)?
 The RIAA weenies are gettin' awfully bold these days, even if no smarter.
Cheers - Dr. Strangelove

@_date: 2002-02-03 18:15:44
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: patience 
That's quite amusing if you've ever observed certain
obsessive states associated with speeding.
Its easier to drive to mexico to buy bottles or
get large diverted quantities.

@_date: 2002-02-01 22:30:35
@_author: AP 
@_subject: FBI's bimonthly internet warning, yawn 
FBI Says Terrorists May Have Sought       Vulnerability Details on Internet
            By Ted BridisAssociated Press Writer
                     Published: Jan 31, 2002
      WASHINGTON (AP) - The FBI said al-Qaida terrorists may have been  studying American dams and water-supply systems in preparation for new  attacks and sought information on the Internet about insecticides and pest-control  products.
 The bureau's National Infrastructure Protection Center said Wednesday that a  computer belonging to a person with "indirect ties" to Osama bin Laden contained  architectural and engineering software as it related to dams and other  water-retaining structures.
 The FBI did not say where the computer was found or who owned it.
We have always been at war with Oceania bin Laden

@_date: 2002-02-19 13:33:52
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Bush didn't get Osama bin Laden ... pass it on ... 
Prediction: in order to justify the Holy War on Nations Without Effective Anti Aircraft Defenses, against opposition of the whole western Europe, Japan and others, Bush will produce another 5-10K carnage in the Fatherland in the next four weeks.
Avoid dense areas.
