
@_date: 2001-12-04 23:01:20
@_author: mail@teleseminarsrus.com 
@_subject: We Are Calling It The Who Let The Calls Out, Dont Be Left On The Sidelines, Make Money Now Intern 
**TeleSeminarsrus Presents The First Ever InternetSeminar, Featuring David 'Covered Call King' Skidmore**
him into doing an hour long InternetSeminar On Saturday Morning, December 8th.
Here is what some have had to say about David:
'I made $3,500 using David Skidmore's techniques after listening in on the TeleSeminar on November 8th.  Thank You TeleSeminarsrus.com' - John S., Part-
Time Trader, NC.
'I made $400 in 3.5 days playing NSM, one of David's picks.  David You Are The Man!'  - Michael B., 31, Founder of TeleSeminarsrus.com, Trader, K.C., MO
Here are some Challenges With Covered Calls:
*	You may have tried this strategy and failed. It is not your fault.  You were taught Covered Calls incorrectly.  You do not know the finer points of Covered Calls that can mean the difference between a 15% gain and a 12% loss per month!
*	You may have tried this strategy and lost a lot of money. By learning a couple of David's key money management techniques you will trim losses easily and naturally.
*	You may have been told lies about this strategy. Most of the traders that do Covered Calls lose big time, because they don't know what they don't *	You may have paid big money to a seminar company to teach it to you incorrectly. There are seminar guys that are out there teaching you the wrong way to do Covered Calls.  If you try to do Covered Calls their way you are almost 100% guaranteed to lose!  These guys shouldn't be allowed to teach you unless they have made the kind of money David has made with Covered Calls.
*	You may have been sucked in by this strategy because it doesn't involve any work and it can pay you big. Once you really learn how to do Covered Calls David’s way, you can make money and still have a life or job.
Here is what David Is Going To Be Covering:
1.  Stock Picking
2.  Stock Analysis  3.  Call and Premium Analysis
4.  Chart Analysis
5.  Everything You Need To Know Before You Get In
6.  Execution of the Orders
7.  Monitoring and Changing Results
8.  The Exit Strategy
9.  How To Make A Bad Position Good
10. He will also give you 3 of his tops picks now.  If you followed him from the November 8th TeleSeminar you would be making money NOW!
SEMINAR:   December 8th, 2001 8am Pacific Standard Time
Here is how the Seminar will work.  You will sit in the privacy of your own home.  You will listen, watch, ask and type questions from David.  The Seminar is set up so you can follow David on the internet and over the phone 'Live'.  David will walk you through his whole process of making money using Covered Calls. BONUS:  You will get David's Personal Fax number and you can fax him with any questions over the next 30 days.
We only have 25 web ports available.  If Covered Calls are something you enjoy doing and you want to learn the finer points from the King, you need this Exclusive Internet Seminar.   To Sign up call 1-888-870-9754 or fax this form to 413-294-4532.  First come, first serve basis.
The cost is $499.    Register By December 6th, 2001 and get this special price $199. Members receive this Web-Conference as part of their membership benefits.  Contact us to see how you can become a member. If you want to be removed from our mailing list make sure you follow the directions below.
If you no longer wish to receive emails from us, please click on the link below.
To CHANGE your email, click on the link below:

@_date: 2001-12-04 07:41:01
@_author: mail@teleseminarsrus.com 
@_subject: Bear Attacks NASDQ in December 
Dear Gang:
Based on my conversations with Dave Brennan, Vic Schiller and Chris Manning, technical analysis indicates that we are going to have a Nasdq pullback before Christmas.  I am emailing you to let you that we are getting prepared to profit on the coming Bear attack on the NASDQ.  I am going to have an immediate "Emergency How To Profit From The Nasdq Correction, before Christmas TeleSeminar"  It will be on December 11th 6pm PAcific Time.  The traders that are ready are going to make money when the Bear swipes at the NASDQ.  I have a special guest lined up who will discuss how to protect positions you have now, how to make money of the coming pullback, how to deal emotionally and confidently with the coming pullback.  I don't want anyone to miss this call, especially if you have never played the downside.  You will learn how to play the downside easily, naturally and confidently. Most of all you will make money.  This can be a big opportunity for the trader that knows how to profit from a pullback!
Sign up for this call on December 11th and I will give you all of the calls for jam-packed star studded month of December for only $99!!  Call the office now 1-888-870-9754.  Here are the Teleseminars we have already lined up for We will tape this, Dec 6th and send it to you, if you didn't get on the call!   December 6  -  Meet Jeanne Gabellini, she is one of the nation's top private personal "Money" coaches to many individuals (some Famous people we can't mention).  Jeanne has been doing this professionally for the last 8 years.  Her specialty is helping people deal with money!  She will help us uncover the 3 habits and patterns that are keeping us from wealth.  She will help us identify money making strategies we have been missing.  She will help us formulate a Money Plan!  Learn the Law Of Attracting Money - which anyone can leverage to create/attract more money in their life NOW!  Jeanne has worked very closely with  Robert Kiyosaki (the author of "Rich Dad, Poor Dad") infact, she teaches several of his classes.  She will be sharing details of what dramatic changes we can make to create wealth quickly in our lives!  This call will be very exciting!
December 13  - Our Next Guest has appeared on "CNBC Power Lunch," NBC, CNN, CNNfn, and MSNBC. She has also been featured on CBS MarketWatch.com and in Fortune Magazine (March, 2001).  She is a very, very busy lady who is a National Best Selling Author of THREE books:  Called "A Beginners Guide To Daytrading On-Line", "A Beginners Guide To Short Selling",  "A Beginners GuideTo Short Term Investing".  She comes very highly recommended from one of our clients.  He met her and was so impressed by her that we had to have her as our guest.  Her name is Toni Turner.  I caught up with Toni just after she broke her foot, so she couldn't run far.  I talked to Toni for 30 minutes and I knew immediately that this lady is genuinely interested in sharing her trading knowledge, experience, tips, techniques and tactics with serious individuals that want major results in their trading accounts, in a short amount of time.  Her commitment is even on her website it reads:  "My goal is to teach active traders and short term investors how to participate in the stock market safely and profitably, without losing their shirts, or blouses"..  She specializes in Day Trading and Swing Trading.  Yes, you can still make big money doing this and especially with Toni's proven tools.  She does seminars around the nation.  She uses technical analysis as the key to her success.  She confessed to me, like most people, she lost most all of your trading portfolio when she first started trading and that experience allowed her the burning desire to master trading.  When I say master trading, you will find out exactly how good of a trader she really is. She may be the best trader that no one knows about and that I have met.  I can't get into too much detail of what she will be talking about, however it will involve Candle Stick Charting, how to get in and why to get out of a trade.  As a bonus she will talk about her favorite indicators that she uses to make money December 18 - December 18 - Rob Stanley This is our first diversified investment Teleseminar. I use to live in Dallas, Texas and I was able to met and hear about some really good oil and natural gas companies. The organization that we are interviewing is recognized as one of America's more successful independent oil and gas companies. Comprised of carefully selected oil and gas professionals, Reef's management represents an important synergism of industry experience in the key areas of finance, land, geological and geophysical exploration, drilling, completion, and production. This experienced management team, together with highly skilled technical consultants and the latest computer technology, enables Reef to operate without layers of corporate bureaucracy to make faster, more aggressive decisions which have resulted in significant discoveries of oil and natural gas reserves. What really impressed me was that the individuals that are running thecompany, the one with the least experience has been in the industry 17 years. Rob Stanley, who has been in the oil industry for numerous years will visit with us about why oil and natural gas investments are great right now, how to get involved, what to know before getting involved, 3 mistakes investors make and how to avoid them, tax credits and tax eliminate tools, secrets about the industry no one will tell you, how wealth is created in this industry, how to cut your risk and get great returns! If you have ever thought about orheard about oil and natural gas investments Rob is going to share everything with us. Join us!
December 20 -  I met this guy last summer a friend of mine was/is real impressed with the returns she has been getting with this guy's website.  Allow me to introduce to you Vic Schiller, who is a successful options trader and has one of the hottest options websites on the planet.  He has a patented formula for screening and helping you find the stocks that you are looking for.  It is called SmartSearchXL, a patented decision support technology that identifies the highest return option trade opportunities.  This allows you the convenience and control required to automatically sort, filter, screen, organize and analyze a database of all 2,700+ optionable stocks and 100,000+ options online to find investments to meet your profit goals. Plus he brings together timely essential data, extensive analysis, and comprehensive option information.  With the tools that Vic has helped develop, it allows you to make money in bullish, bearish or a stagnant stock market.   The thing I like most about Vic’s information is once you get all of this data (are there can be a lot of it)  he then gives and teaches strategies that you can apply and start making money with.  I have not met too many people that believe in their product so much that they have an incredible and unheard of guarantee.  Here is how it reads:  "If during any month you do not make at least five times your subscription fee on your option investments, your next month's subscription fee will be free."  He is specifically going to address:   How he picks and exits option trades.  He is going to go over specifics  that have made him a great trader and consistent moneymaker.  The Secrets to how "You" can squeeze dividend-like income from non-dividend paying tech stocks.   How to insure the value of your portfolio the same way you buy car insurance?  How you can use options to hedge your stock portfolio and make more money.  He is going to go over his "never before revealed" way of charting?  As a bonus he is going to go over the secrets he found to PUTS, his 5 General investing rules of thumb and 10 Of His Very Own Secret Tricks of Trading.
Call the office now to register for all Bear Teleseminar and get all of calls for December for FREE, 1-888-870-9754, all for only $99.  Let's Make Some Money Despite Market Direction,
From The People That Are Brining Information Home To You
PS - As Always 100% Satisfaction Guarantee NO RISK Or Your Money Back!  Call now 1-888-870-9754, first Teleseminar is December 11th.  Call before December 6th and get on the call live.  If you can't make it we will tape it and mail it to you.
