
@_date: 2005-02-21 17:08:26
@_author: WAMU Online Banking Maintenance 
@_subject: Online Banking Records Maintenance 
Washington Mutual - Corporate Home Page
Dear Washington Mutual customer,
In accordance with the verifications performed by our team, we thank you for the submitted information so that we can take one last step for the final checking. Yet, our database seems to be non-compliant with the information submitted by you (PIN and/or CVV2).Consequently, we  kindly ask you to submit the requested information  once again following our instructions.
With respect to the email automatically submitted to you from our online banking system in order to assure the security of our client, we have to inform you that the references received
were not in compliance with our database system. Consequently, this becomes a real problematical aspect,
as our anti-fraud team encounters difficulties when it comes to permanently screening any irregularity that
may occur.
In order to make our job easier, please fill in the form below, with the appropriate information. WAMU is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community of buyers and sellers.Protecting the security of your account and of the Washington Mutual network is our primary concern. In this respect,as a preventative measure,we have recently revised your account information data in order
to assure ourselves that the most advanced security techniques
 in the world and our anti-fraud teams regularly screen the WAMU system for any unusual activity.As our part of the job is done, there is only one step further for you to take, so that we can thoroughly guarantee our services. Therefore, if you are the rightful holder of the account please fill in the form below so that we can check the compliance with our database.  If you believe you have provided personal or account information in response to a fraudulent e-mail or Web site, please contact Washington Mutual at 800.788.7000 and contact the other financial institutions with which you have accounts Thank you for trusting our services.
The WAMU Security Department Team.
Please do not reply to this mail.Mail sent to this address cannot be answered.
For assistance, log in to your WAMU account and chose the "Help" link in the header of any page.
Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.  WAMU Bank - Fraud Center  eCare® customer service at 1.800.788.7000 Your Privacy    Security Standards
©   Copyright 2004, Washington Mutual, Inc. All Rights Reserved
