
@_date: 2002-06-01 16:27:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Major Medical Breakthrough Huge Profit Potential 
Major Medical             BreakthroughHuge Profit Potential
Imagine yourself as part owner of the       most interesting, full service state-of-the-art medical facility, equipped       with the most sophisticated and effective scanning diagnostic tools       available today.
Electron Beam Tomography is a       cutting-edge diagnostic technology capable of providing a       crystal-ball-like look into your medical future. This technology has been       featured on Oprah, Larry King, Good Morning America, and USA       Today.
EBT Scans are now covered by most health       insurance companies and HMOs, causing an explosion in usership and       exceptionally high demand for this procedure.
EBT can identify heart disease years       before a treadmill test would show an abnormality and many years before a       heart attack might occur.
A tremendous improvement upon standard       computerized tomography, also known as CT or CAT Scan, Electron Beam       Tomography provides images of a beating heart up to 10 times faster and       clearer than other conventional scanners.
The dramatic capabilities of this       spectacular technology should provide an extraordinary investment       opportunity for those establishing state-of-the-art outpatient clinics, in       order to provide the EBT body scan procedures to health conscious       Americans. Projected 10-year return of 916%.
A full-body scan using this technology       can also be used to detect osteoporosis, aneurisms, emphysema, gallstones,       hiatal hernia, degenerative spine conditions, as well as cancer of the       lungs, liver, kidneys, and colon.
Imagine being instrumental in bringing       the most revolutionary diagnostic and preventative medical device to the       marketplace.
$15K minimum investment required.       Serious inquiries only.
Click here to receive your free video and full       business
