
@_date: 2002-04-18 18:48:15
@_author: private invitation only 
@_subject: we GUARANTEE you a check! 
You are receiving this because we have exchanged e-mails in the past and your e-mail address is on file. If you wish to be removed, removal instructions are at the end of this message.Yes, that's right! We guarantee you a check!Hello, this is Steve in Georgia, USA. I hope this email finds you and yours in good health.I have something for you to read that will interest you!Thank You for your time.Answer four simple questions and we guarantee you a check! CLICK HERE:      HERE:             (private invitation only)A successful friend of mine called to inform me that a group called Internet Marketing101 had just launched an exclusive recruiting software that would revolutionize networking as we now know it.  He asked me to simply go to the site answer the four questions and told me that it would cost me zero to do it AND they guaranteed me a check. I am glad I trusted him because I would normally ignore a pitch like that cause its sounded to good to be true. I appeased him and answered the four questions at the bottom of the site.I am grateful I did! I now have over 120 folks in my powerline in less than a week and growing like crazy. They were recruited and placed there by this new software and the team. It blew my mind and I've already made money without doing anything. Putting my info and taking the tour was all it took, see for yourself. Your PowerLine will grow like MAD! You can bet I will learn even more about the Internet Marketing 101. This incredible software has only been in use for 8 weeks!This is by far the best system I have seen in 12 years in this business!Now even those who have never made money before ARE!Now that I've done my part by alerting you to this awesome opportunity, the rest is up to you. You owe it to yourself to go answer the four questions and see what happens REGARDLESS OF WHAT PROGRAM YOU'RE PRESENTLY WORKING.
NOTE: The first in gets the most spill in a Powerline. Powerline means one under the other down one line. So if 100 people join from this email and you are first you will have 99 people in your powerline, if your the 50th you will have 49,if your the 90th you will have 10. So on and so on!So needless to say go fast, take the tour,answer the 4 questions, get your free spot in the powerline and let this system go to work for you like it is has been doing for all of us!FOLKS THIS SYSTEM WORKS LIKE A CHARM AND COSTS NOTHING SO PUT IT TO THE TEST!TRY IT AND YOU WILL BE AMAZED!MOFO I SURE AM!Regards,Steve Ga, USAAnswer four simple questions and we guarantee you a check! CLICK HERE:      HERE:             (private invitation only)   Internet Marketing 101 SteveGa, USARemoval  This message is sent in compliance of the new emailbill section 301. Under Bill S.1618 TITLE III passedby the 105th U.S. Congress. This message cannot beConsidered Spam as long as we include the way to beremoved and the senders info to be true and not falsified.Paragraph (a)(c) of S.1618, further transmissions to you bythe sender of this email may be stopped at no cost to you by sending a blank email with "removeplease" in the subject line to removeplease . We honor all remove requests at once.
