
@_date: 2002-04-14 23:06:39
@_author: "Malcolm L. Carlock" 
@_subject: Ayn Rand writeup in UK Spectator 
Ayn Rand recently got some press in The Spectator (UK.)
The URL is:
If that's too mangled for use, the article should be findable by going
to  selecting 'entire site' within the search function,
then searching for 'ayn' (no quotes.)  The article in question is entitled
"Cover Story, The next great exodus by Simon Heffer"

@_date: 2002-04-14 22:59:12
@_author: "Malcolm L. Carlock" 
@_subject: Re: Coins vs. bills 
Susan B Anthony is the George Washington of US Feminism (d 1906.)
Supposedly, part of the reason the SBA dollar didn't catch on was that the
profile of Ms Anthony was deliberately uglified on the orders of meanies at the
US Mint.  This being the 1970's, they presumably felt that a feminist artifact
was being forced (as it were) down their throats.
Someone certainly uglified it.  I remember the coin clearly.  The change was
admitted at the time, and explained as making her appear "more stern" (or
dignified, or somesuch.)  A pity, since Ms Anthony in her younger days was a
fair looker.  Unfortunately, one could be forgiven for thinking the coin
commemorated The Wicked Witch of the West.
Combine that with the fact that almost no vending machines or payphones in the
US accepted the coin (and folks complained that it wore holes in their pockets)
and it spelled doom.
No disrespect to Ms Anthony, but the coin was a typical statist fiasco -- push a
technical artifact onto a market that's not prepared for it / doesn't want it.
...or for that matter, M Ciccone (tip of the hat to Bob H.)  I've had a
sneaking admiration for her for some time.
Speaking of Feminism and empowered females, an article in the 13 April
Economist may be of interest.  Entitled "The Appeal of Guns -- Pinkos and
Pistols" it describes the growing interest among US left-leaning types in guns
as a tool of empowerment against oppression.
The accompanying picture shows a protest sign reading "Rapists Love Unarmed
A number of women I know have agreed with this sentiment for ages.  It's good
to see the idea (finally!) getting official recognition from the group that
would benefit most from it.
For me, the kicker was that this was reported in The Economist, of all places,
and non-snidely to boot.
