
@_date: 2001-09-18 17:30:05
@_author: Jannet Sankoh 
@_subject: Assistance /Partner 
From : Mrs JENETH SANKOH
 Abidjan, C么te d'Ivoire  West Africa  Dear  Sir,
 With due respect and humility I write you
this letter which I believe you would be of great
assistance to me and my children. I am Mrs JENETH
SANKOH, the wife of the late
Dr FREDERICK  SANKOH of the blessed memory. Priorto my
husband assassination by the rebel force loyal
to CORPORAL FODAY SANKOH of the revolutionary
United Front (RUF), He was the Director general
National Gold and Diamond Mining corporation of
Sierra-leone. Few days before my husband was
assassinated,he instructed me and my children (DIDOW
K. SANKOH AND HENRY)to move out of Sierra-Leone and
also to go in his underground strong room where the
documents of money he has deposited in a security
company in Abidjan C么te d'Ivoire in one trunk Box as
family valuables and treasures with the name of my
first son DODOW K. SANKOH as the beneficiary. The
amount is US$12.500,000 (Twelve million five hundred
thousand United States Dollars. We managed to escape
to Abidjan the Republic of C么te d'Ivoire through the
help of  my husband's friend who is a trawler. As our
travelling document was sized.For your information ,
the security company did not know the real content of
the box and we do not wish them to know until the
money is transferred to your account. As it was
deposited as family valuables and treasures.    Meanwhile, I want to leave C么te d'Ivoire entirely with
this money for investment in your country because of
the  unstable political situation and mostly for  the future of my children. I want you to please  assist us  to claim the box from the security company and
also deposit the money  in a local account here in
your name and order the bank to transfer the money to
your account in your country. As our foreign partner
for our investment. We have it in mind to reward you
with a certain percentage for your assistance. As soon
as we hear  from you Do not hesitate to give me your
word through this E-mail mamasankoh
immediately you receive this  letter to enable us
proceed in Ernest toward retrieving the box and
transferring of the  money  into your account.
Finally, Please ensure that no one else knows about
this money as it is only myself my son, yourself and
the Rev. Pastor of the church where we worship  knows
about this money.May God bless you as you assist me.
yours sincerely.
 MRS JENETH  SANKOH
Terrorist Attacks on U.S. - How can you help?
Donate cash, emergency relief information
