
@_date: 2005-04-01 08:08:12
@_author: mneTAN MANPOONG 
@_subject: Please can I trust you?. jeqe 
Blessed Friend.
This letter may come to you as a surprise due to the fact that we have not yet met. I have to say that I have no intentions of causing you any pains so I decided to contact you through this medium. As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I believe everyone will die someday. My name is  TAN MANPOONG, an Indian by birth  am an oil merchant in Iran , and I have been diagnosed with prostate and esophageal Cancer that was discovered very late due to my laxity in caring for my health. It has defiled all form of medicine and right now, I have only about a few months to live according to medical experts.
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for anyone not even myself but my business. Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I was only focused on my business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world. I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that I know my time is near, I have willed and given most of my properties and assets to my immediate and extended family members and as well as a few close friends.
I have decided to give alms to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed money to some charity organizations in Thailand, Sudan and Ireland. Now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this my self any more. I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and donate the money, which I have there to charity organization in Bulgaria, they refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore,as they seem not to be contended with what I have left for them. The last of my money which is the huge cash deposit that I have with Financial Firm Abroad (name with held ) to the tone of $18,500,000.00 USD (Eighteen Million five hundred thousand dollars) .I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations and let them know that it is I  MR TAN MANPOONG,that is making this generous donation.
Please if you willing to carry out this last wish for me ,please send me the following information , so that we can proceed and I will have my lawyer send you all the necessary documentations that will facilitate the release of the funds to you.
 1. Full Name
 2. Your Telephone Number and Fax Number
 3. Your Contact Address.
 I am writing this from my laptop computer in my hospital bed where I wait for my time to come. I pray that God uses you to support and assist me with good heart God be with you. Please send Reply to my private email: manpoong
 Remain Blessd
TAN MANPOONG,
NB: I will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this matter until the task is accomplished as I don't want anything that will Jeopardize my last wish. and Also I will be contacting with you by email as I don't want any of my family member to know because they are always around me. Do endeavor to send me the above contact details.
