
@_date: 2009-03-04 10:29:20
@_author: "Marcus Brinkmann" 
@_subject: Re: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop 
In this particular case, the border guard already saw the supposedly
incriminating documents, but they failed to properly secure the evidence (the
picture on the laptop) at that time.   When they shut down the laptop, the
evidence was locked down by the encryption due to the removal of the
encryption key from RAM.  Securing digital evidence is a big problem for law
So, if the defense then discloses a different encryption drive with only
kitten and puppy pictures, they will be in very big trouble, as there is
already testimony that other files exist.
The defense is asked to produce the documents in question.  I don't know much
about the legal bells and whistles that apply to such a case, but here are
some ideas:
* Maybe the defense could ask the prosecution to describe which pictures they
want to have in particular, and the defense can make a case to just produce
those particular pictures.  However, the prosecution can probably just demand
to produce all files within particular folders, which are easier to recall and
more likely to hit something interesting.
* Maybe the defense can argue that they lost the password and thus access to
the document.  They'd better make a convincing argument that they really can
not recover it.  It would be great if that argument is tied to the police
confiscating the equipment.  Maybe the password  was written in invisible ink
on the laptop and needs to be rewritten every day or it washes away...
* I wonder if it may not be a better strategy to reveal the password and then
argue that the pornography is legal or widely available on the internet,
supposing it really is just generic internet porn.  OTOH, some material may be
legal only in some countries.
A couple of consequences:
* The safest thing to do is to do a clean operating system install before
* If you use encryption, shut it down before crossing the border.
* Computers have too many documents in a single, easily accessible location.
If the files were more dispersed, the defense might be able to weasel out by
producing fewer documents.  Nobody would bring a meter-high stack of porn
magazines from Amsterdam in their luggage, but with cheap mass storage it's a
different situation.
Also, this information is easily explorable by everyone using the file
manager.  Maybe hierarchical organization is not the best way to store such
documents.  A searchable database that limits the number of results may offer
some protection against "stumbling over something interesting".
* Online storage may be an attractive solution for border crossing without
leaving documents at home.  The internet is a big smuggling ring that easily
avoids border guards.

@_date: 2012-05-26 13:30:47
@_author: "Marcus Brinkmann" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh traffic? 
Sorry, that's not quite it.  The "Kleine Anfrage" (small inquiry) is a
tool for the opposition to put pressure on the government, which has to
explain itself in response to specific questions on a certain topic.
In this inquiry, the left party asked questions about telecommunication
surveillance by the BND, (encrypted and/or unencrypted), which was
reported about in the German press.  In particular, they asked questions
about the keywords used for filtering, the technical methods for
filtering, the amount of filtering that has been done, if any successes
were documented, how politicians/attorneys/journalists and other
protected groups are protected, etc.  The goal is to either find
material that is embarrassing or at least to remind the government and
secret services of their boundaries.
In the end, most of the answers were secret and, as far as they were
given at all, are only available to members of the German parliament.
There is very little specific information that is not secret, for
example that 90% of the emails are spam, that 16400 keywords were used etc.
As far as decryption capabilities goes, the text is very clear: The
software used to analyse the communication stream can, in principle,
decrypt and/or analyze at least some of it.  Note the qualifiers: In
principle, decrypt and/or analysis, depending on type and quality of
This really can mean anything and everything.  I would assume that it
just means that the software and services they are buying have
implemented some automatic decryption based on the state of the art
attacks on weak cryptography, or at the very least the ability to detect
encrypted streams and at least analyse the flow.
There is nothing in the answer that suggests that the BND has any
abilities beyond what is commercially available as the state of the art.
Also, there is nothing in the answer that suggests that there is no need
to restrict the use of crypto by the public.  That is just not within
the scope of the inquiry or the response.  The topic was surveillance of
telecommunication by the BND in general.
Encryption was only the topic of one question, which was, compared to
the others, not very detailed and not very carefully phrased.  Ideally,
they should have split the question in decryption and metadata analysis
and asked which methods are available in particular.  They dropped the
ball on this one, and thus government and secret service could weasel
out with a typical non-answer: the smallest answer possible that is
truthful and does cover the scope of the question.  The only other
possible answer would have been: "no, we can not analyse or decrypt
encrypted communication streams at all", in which case the answer would
have been secret because it revealed operational details that allows
suspects to evade the measure.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-09 12:52:52
@_author: "Marcus Brinkmann" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Random number generation influenced, HW RNG 
This complaint is put towards the wrong people.  This erosion of trust
is exactly why the NSA surveillance program is so destructive to
society.  For all we know, you can be the most excellent person on earth
(I certainly have no reason to believe otherwise), yet the product you
designed may have been altered without your knowledge, and, apparently,
even without the knowledge of your supervisors and Intel executives.
The table is turned, and now it is not the general population under
suspicion by the NSA but the digital industry is under suspicion by the
general population.
Luckily, we have the better cards.  Instead of mass surveillance, we can
turn to transparent and open technologies.  When push comes to shove,
the surviving technologies should be those that prove to us that they
are innocent.  You should demand the ability to work under such
conditions from your company and government - MSFT and GOOG have
realised that need, and sued the US gov for the ability to move forward
in that a market.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-12 10:54:44
@_author: "Marcus Brinkmann" 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Which encryption chips are compromised? 
I only remember this news item from Eurocrypt 2004:
Eurocrypt 2004 rump Session,
David Naccache and Claire Whelan,
9/11: Who alerted the CIA? (And Other Secret Secrets)
The basic technique is simple enough, although writing a toolbox that can accomodate the various fonts, languages etc is probably plenty of work.
Yes, for example  (the internet sources cited by Schneier start to detoriate, though).
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-12-31 18:00:23
@_author: Marcus Brinkmann 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Snowden Paywalled 
Thanks to whoever is keeping track of this.  It's important work, and
the latest Spiegel release is direct evidence of the fact that a lot of
information of extreme importance is hidden from the public.
cryptography mailing list
