
@_date: 2004-07-03 06:22:02
@_author: "MARCO OKITI" 
@_subject: FROM MARCO 
APPEAL FOR URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE.
ATTN:MY DEAR,
      This mail may come to you as a surprise but is
borne out of my genuie need urgnet assistance .
  I prayed over it and selected your name among other
names due to its esteeming nature and the
recommendations given to me as a reputable and trust worthy person that I can do business with and by
the recommendation , I must not hesitate to confide in
you for this simple and sincere business .
  I am Master MARCO OKITI the only son of late
Mr.and Mrs.OKITI. I am from the fedral republic
of Benin. My father was a very wealthy   importer and
export  Auto merchandise base in Cotonou,Abidjan and import from
Europe,Before he  was poisonedto death by his business
associates on one of their outings for a business trip
   My mother died when I was a baby and since then my
father took me so Special.
Before the death of my father on november 2002 in a
private hospital here in Abidjan.  he secretly called
me on his bed side and told me that he deposite a box
that contains  the sum of  $12.5million us dollars
left in a private security company in
Europe,and he used my name as his only son for the
next of Kin in depositing of the fund. He also
explained to me that it was because of this wealth
that he was poisoned by his business associates. That
I should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my
choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment  .
Although we have not meet before, but with hope that
you will not let me down.
With due respect to you ,I am honourably seeking for
your assistance in the following ways:
(1) To open a bank account into which this money
would be transferred to .
(2) To serve as a guardian of this
fund and to help me to clear this consignment that
contains this fund from security company in Europe.
(3)To make arrangement for me to come over to your
country to  further my education and to secure a
resident permit in your country.
           HOWEVER,i am willing to offer you 15% out
of the total sum  as compensation for your effort
after the successful transfer of this fund to your nominated account overseas and addition
with the sum of 5%of the total money for any expenses
that you may incur torwards this transaction.
I came down here in Abidjan in order to secure my dear
life due to the threats i am receiving from my father
business associates in cotonou. I urge you to kindly offer me your urgent assistant to
transfer this total amount to your contry, so that i come down immediately to continue my studies as you be
myguildian and god father  .If  you ignor me, my life may be in danger since
abidjan is not too far from my country. If you assist
out God almighty will also assist you and your dear
          Furthermore, you indicate your options
towards assisting me as I believe that this transaction would be concluded in  the next few working days. you signify your interest to assist me
as you e mail me  to get
the full details and further informations.
Thanks and God bless.
Anticipating hearing  from you soon.
  Best regards,    Marco Okiti.
