
@_date: 2014-07-14 11:40:37
@_author: Mark McCarron 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Questions about NSA monitoring of Tor users. 
With the US military it is a case of take your pick, from hypersonic delivery systems and satellite laser shields, to brain scanning and strong AIs, I suppose any one or all of them could qualify.
Take a look at the US federal debt, even though the wars have been winding down, borrowing has increased exponentially: Trillions are going somewhere, so whatever it is, it is big and they are willing to undermine the financial health of the nation to deliver it.
Mark McCarron

@_date: 2014-07-13 13:27:47
@_author: Mark McCarron 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Questions about NSA monitoring of Tor users. 
I can answer this:
1.  The IP addresses can be connected to an ISP and physical address should the need arise.  It allows the NSA to "rewind the tape" so to speak.  That is why there has been a push for data retention at ISPs.  Given that in the EU governments are seeking 2 years, it would indicate that the platform can rewind internet activity for at least that long.
2.  Tor is a communications platform, the NSA's job is to monitor communications and intercept military planning that effects either itself or its partners.  Secure global communications and computing is now a commodity, whereas it was mainly a state-only capability.  Thus, the average user is now coming up against intelligence agencies, rather than state actors alone.  Leaving blind spots would be dangerous to national security as it provides opportunities for planning and coordination.  So, there is a legitimate case here and no one denies it.  The real problem is that in the absence of a genuine international threat and by that I mean someone on the scale of Russia/China, these systems are being directed against groups with limited capabilities.  Those groups are now being defined as national security threats to justify budgets and to filter money into particular black projects.  Revelations by Snowden and other releases are merely a distraction to where the money is really going.
   Did no one notice trillions are being drained from the US economy into some unidentified military project for the last decade or more???
It would seem to indicate that there is a Manhatten-style project underway.
Mark McCarron
