
@_date: 2002-07-26 07:50:01
@_author: OTCBB: &quot;SCAL&quot; 
@_subject: OTCBB: SCAL   Fastest Growing ASP     ADV 
Untitled Document
STOCKWATCH =
 Aggressive
    Growth Buy Recommendation!
OTCBB: SCAL
***THE =
StartCall.com Inc. (OTCBB: "SCAL") is a leading
    application service provider (ASP) and software development company
    that offers real-time interactive technology as an out-sourced
    service. SCAL was established to suite the ever-growing needs
    of companies for reliable, timely, and functional solution of
    enhancing the customer service and customer experience over the
    internet.
SCAL offers its clients the ability to improve their Online
    Customer care department by placing a Live Help Button directly
    on their Website. This tool allows visitors and customer's browsing
    their websites to receive real-time live help at the points of
    purchase when assistance is critical.
***TARGET =
Target markets include all business and call-centers with
    an Internet presence. SCAL's price have been deliberately calibrated
    and analyzed to allow even small businesses to benefit from the
    importance of Online Real-Time Customer Service.
***INVESTMENT =
Feb 05 2002: MSNBC reports that 143 million people, or 54
    percent of the total population, are now online in the US, up
    2 percent last year.
Today 90% of online customers prefer human interaction; 41%
    of customers would be more likely to transact if human interaction
    were available. Jupiter Communications
As part of its growth strategy StartCall also plans to explore
    and evaluate companies that may suit its acquisition strategy;
    some of these targets include: successful Internet Service Providers
    (ISPs), Web Hosting Companies and other companies in related
    industries that in exchange will assist StartCall's bottom line
    to accelerate its economic growth. Take advantage of current
    trading levels.
 StartCall.com
 Symbol: =
 Shares =
 Float (est.=
 Current =
SCAL pricing structure includes the issuance of license to
    operate various systems offered. SCAL estimates it will gain
    2.5% of the total market by year-end equivalinet to approximately
    100,000 licenses sold. Each license should have an average revenue
    of $29.95/month, generating approximately $3 Million in monthly
    sales. By the end of 2003 SCAL expects to gain 3% to 5% of the
    total market in the U.S.
***INDUSTRY =
By 2003, over 50% of companies with a presence on the Internet
    will have some means of Live Human interaction of the Web Site.
    New York Times
SCAL, through its partnerships, has a total exposure to over
    1.5 Million Web Sites. StartCall is competing in the arenas of
    Internet Live Customer Support over the Internet. SCAL offers
    the most effective prices worldwide starting at only $29.95 per
    operating license.
There are over 5 Million business web sites from small to
    mid-sized to large cap, the US and Canada that could benefit
    from SCAL's flexible and friendly service. StartCall's technology
    operates from any computer and browser from anywhere in the world.
    SCAL services also feature online transcripts and lead management
    tools.
Stockwatch Alert provides
    information on selected companies that it believes has investment
    potential. Stockwatch Alert is not a registered investment advisor
    or broker - dealer. This report is provided as an information
    service only, and the statements and opinions in this report
    should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or
    sell any security. Stockwatch Alert accepts no liability for
    any loss arising from an investors reliance on or use of this
    report. An investment in SCAL is considered to be highly speculative
    and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete
    loss of investment. Stockwatch Alert has been retained to distribute
    this report on SCAL and has been paid 250 thousand free trading
    shares by a third party. This report involves forward looking
    statements, which involve risk, and uncertainties that may cause
    actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the
    forward - looking statements. For further details concerning
    these risks and uncertainties, see the SEC filings of SCAL including
    the companys most recent annual and quarterly reports.
  If you wish to unsubscribe from our mailing
    list, please Click
    Here or call us at 1-866-667-5399, or write to us at: NOUCE1,
    6822 22nd Ave. N, St. Petersburg, FL 33710-3918
