
@_date: 2002-03-30 17:18:09
@_author: markanthonychener@yahoo.com 
@_subject: The beauty of communication.......technology.......people reaching people. 
Good Day, My name is MarkAnthony Chesner, a normal guy...almost normal.....just trying to make a living using my compuer. I spend a lot of time at the computer doing the work that I do...Didactics for Language Courses and Informatics. I've tried soooooo many things and not many have proved themselves to me but there are a few that are honestly a working system and there are things of relavent importance that I have found...some may sound a little far-fetched..........agreed. But they may be fun anyway.... Anyway, I would like to send you some of the latest GOODIES.... One is a way to..............................................and it sounds pretty good.I-m going to try just now....
So, let me know one way or another and I will get back to you real quick. The beauty of communication.......technology.......people reaching people. Please read to the bottom of the page.....
Have a beautiful Easter and please click on the appopriate link below. This email is not spam. You are receiving it for one of the following - You have subscribed to my mailing list
- You have sent me your business opportunity
- You have requested more information
- You have advertised in free ads before
To recieve the upcoming "GOODIES" please click on the link below: mailto:markanthonychesner If at anytime you chose to no longer receive new and interesting GOODIES please click here: or hit Reply and then type "please remove" in the Subject and your
wishes will be honored
P.S. Just a very broad question and if you could include the answer in the email you send, one way or the other;
What could one man or woman do to change the world?
Thank you and may God Bless you and us all.

@_date: 2002-03-28 09:53:30
@_author: markanthonychener@yahoo.com 
@_subject: Good morning from Italy.... 
My name is MarkAnthony.
I would like to invite you to join one of the fastest growing Shopping Clubs on the web.
By joining you have a chance to win a $100 shopping spree.
You are able to choose from name brand quality products at excelent prices from a least that is growing daily.
You will have the opportunity to enter into a founded network of representation that could earn you extra income.
If you would like more information please respond with the email below,
markanthonychesner Thank you for your time,
In best regards for the future,
MarkAnthony Chesner

@_date: 2002-03-23 15:20:59
@_author: markanthonychener@yahoo.com 
@_subject: GREETINGS FROM ITALY.... 
I know that you get these letters a million times a day...
And you hear the same questions, the same hype...
I'm just going to say that these systems that I will send you information about, maybe like your own, and work for me and I've come to realize that all this work we are doing for one system.....we could be doing, for example, for ten systems....
Think about it.....the work is the same....same techniques.....same movements.....
Maybe you will have heard of these systems before and may think, "I need to concentrate on the one system I have", but I know the movements...the hardest part is gathering leads....then you could use them anywhere.....are you following me....
Please respond for information and to introduce me to the products you are handling....
Oh, and have a good day!
MarkAnthony Chesner
markanthonychesner

@_date: 2002-04-01 08:05:36
@_author: markanthonychener@yahoo.com 
@_subject: Never Spend One Red Cent and Make $17,000. 
What's your best chance to make money on the net without spending a penny?
The answer may surprise you!
WAIT! Before you delete this, know 2 things:
You get $10 for joining and you pay NOTHING! You only have to sign up 3 people, THAT'S IT!
