
@_date: 2005-01-28 22:29:52
@_author: "Markland Technologies" 
@_subject: Markland Develops Training Program for US Army 
STOCK ALERT: MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES (OTC BB: MRKL)
 Markland Develops Software Based Thermal Sight
Sophisticated Software Program Assists Soldiers in Training
                                          to Operate Night Vision Equipment in Realistic Virtual Environment
RIDGEFIELD , CT -- January 28, 2005 -- Markland Technologies, Inc. (OTC BB: MRKL), a defense and homeland security company transforming advanced laboratory technology into real-world products, announced today that it has completed development of an advanced computer software-based thermal sight training program under a contract with the U.S. Army. The announcement was made by Robert Tarini, Chairman and CEO of Markland.   The computer software-based thermal sight training program was developed under an agreement with the U.S. Army's Night Vision and Electronic Sensors Directorate (NVESD). While the curriculum and content is primarily developed by the government, EOIR Technologies Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of Markland Technologies is the primary software developer.   The night vision training software helps soldiers learn to identify the thermal signatures of combat vehicles through the use of an interactive curriculum that teaches the unique patterns and shapes of vehicle ‘hotspots,’ and overall vehicle shapes. The training software also provides soldiers with practical experience in the use of their thermal sensor image controls. Through the use of virtual sight controls, soldiers learn to effectively adjust their thermal image to find targets and bring out their thermal identification cues.   “I am proud of our highly skilled and dedicated workforce at EOIR Technologies, and pleased that once again we have worked so successfully with the US Army’s talented personnel at the Night Vision Laboratory to jointly produce a very important training tool for our soldiers,” said Mr. Tarini. “The virtual training environment provided by this effort allows the US Army to train more soldiers faster and more effectively on the operation of night vision equipment. Ultimately, this results in a better-trained and better-equipped U.S. military.”   The Army's NVESD research and development group is one of the U.S. military's most advanced technological leaders and has been responsible for numerous key innovations in the fields of optical electronics and thermal imaging for weapons targeting, electronic surveillance and other mission-critical military applications. Markland is working on a range of next-generation technology solutions for the NVESD, including night vision and advanced sensor applications, and other threat-detection systems. This product development effort was performed under an ongoing five-year omnibus contract which may provide a maximum award ceiling amount of up to $80 million in fiscal year revenues for Markland. The contract has a potential value of approximately $406 million over the life of the contract. About Markland Technologies Markland Technologies, Inc. is committed to setting next-generation standards in defense and security through the provision of innovative emerging technologies and expert services. The Company is engaged in the identification of advanced technologies currently under development in laboratories, universities and in private industry, and in the transformation of those technologies into next-generation products. Markland's solutions support military, law enforcement and homeland security personnel to protect the nation's citizens, borders and critical infrastructure assets from the threat of terrorism and other dangers. Through strategic development, Markland focuses on the creation of dual-use technology and products with applications in both the defense market and civilian homeland security and law enforcement fields. The Company is a Board Member of the Homeland Security Industries Association, and is a featured Company on HomelandDefenseStocks.com; additional detai!
ls can be viewed at:    For more information about the Company and its products, please visit the Markland home page at  Forward-Looking Statements Investors are cautioned that certain statements contained in this document as well as some statements in periodic press releases and some oral statements of Markland Technologies officials during presentations about Markland Technologies, are ``forward-looking'' statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the ``Act''). Forward-looking statements include statements which are predictive in nature, which depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, which include words such as ``expects,'' ``anticipates,'' ``intends,'' ``plans,'' ``believes,'' ``estimates,'' or similar expressions. In addition, any statements concerning future financial performance (including future revenues, earnings or growth rates), ongoing business strategies or prospects, and possible future actions, which may be provided by management, are also forward-looking statements as defined by the Act. Some of the factors that could significantly impact th!
e forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to: a reduction in order rates from the Army's Night Vision and Electronic Surveillance Directorate, difficulties integrating our acquisition of EOIR, insufficient cash flow to continue to fund the development and marketing of the Company's products and technology; a rejection of the Company's products and technologies by the marketplace, and; disputes as to the Company's intellectual property rights. Forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and projections about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions about Markland Technologies, its products, economic and market factors and the industries in which Markland Technologies does business, among other things. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and Markland Technologies has no specific intention to update these statements. More detailed information about those factors is conta!
ined in Markland Technologies filings with the Securities and!
 Exchange Commission.
Trilogy Capital Partners
Paul Karon , investor relations
800-592-6067 Compensation and Other Disclosures
The content of this message is published by Markland Technologies ("Markland") and sent to select email lists through Lake Group Media, Inc. (.Lake.) to provide readers with information on selected publicly traded companies. Factual information is obtained from public filings and other sources deemed to be reliable; however, neither Markland nor Lake takes responsibility for verifying the accuracy of such information and they make no representation that such information is accurate or complete. Certain of the statements in this Update may be considered forwarded looking statements. Markland and Lake make no representation and provide no assurance or guaranty that such forward looking statements will prove to be accurate. See the companies filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for factors that may cause results to be significantly different.  Statements of opinion and belief are those of the authors and/or editors of this Update, and are based solely upon the in!
formation possessed by such authors and/or editors; no inference should be drawn that such authors or editors have any special or greater knowledge about the company or companies profiled or any particular expertise in the industries or markets in which the profiled company or companies compete. The reader should verify all claims and complete his own due diligence before investing in any securities of the profiled company or companies. Neither Markland, Lake, nor anyone involved in the publication or dissemeniation of this Update is a registered investment adviser or broker/dealer.  Markland and Lake make no recommendation that the purchase of securities of the company or companies profiled in this Update are suitable or advisable for any person or that an investment in such securities will be profitable. In general, given the nature of the company or companies profiled and the lack of an active trading market for their securities, investing in such securities is highly spe!
culative and carries a high degree of risk. An investor in su!
ch securities should be prepared and able to bear a loss of his or her entire investment. Nothing in this Update should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of any profiled company. Lake has been retained to provide direct marketing services for the company profiled in this Update and receives compensation for those services. Further, Lake and its employees and affiliates may own, or may purchase and sell, securities of the company or companies profiled. Lake undertakes no obligation to inform readers about the ownership or trading activities of it or its employees or affiliates in the securities of the profiled company or companies. Lake has the following compensation arrangements with the company or companies profiled in this Update: Lake receives a commission (fee) ranging from $1,000 to $25,000 for each direct marketing list recommended and ordered for the dissemination of this Update.
        This is an advertisement.
        Your address was obtained from I-NetValues or one of its affiliates.          To discontinue subscription, please go here.
        To remove by postal mail:
        1730 South Federal Highway Suite 115
        Delray Beach, Florida  33483
