
@_date: 2004-06-13 19:04:07
@_author: martinsg@gawab.com 
@_subject: Question 
Do you know this instant pay program is HOT, and it MAKES MONEY?
NO MATRIX TO FILL, NO WAITING FOR PAYMENT!
Hint: This is the fastest growing type of program on the net.
For more information pls send an email with 'Send Info' in the subject line to martinsg you can
click shortcut below:
I will get the information to you as soon as I can.
If you do not get it within a few hours, please resend.
Did you know 45% of workers in North America are deeply
concerned they or their spouses will lose their jobs
before they retire? DO SOMETHING BEFORE IS TOO LATE!
Take care,
To remove cypherpunks please sendemail with Remove in the subject line to mgspi To do this you may click the following :  All requests honored immediately. Thanks.

@_date: 2004-07-09 08:17:30
@_author: martinsg@gawab.com 
@_subject: Finally, a program with more money coming in than going out 
I am excited!  I have been trying to make money over the internet for a while, and have tried lots and lots of programs.  Up until now every program I have tried has one thing in common: I wind up spending more than comes in.  Now, finally, I have made more money than I have spent on a program. Finally, a profit!  The greatest thing is that I originally joined this program in order to get all of the software and ebooks made available when you join.  It is well worth many time the cost of joining and is well worth it.  I originally figured this would be like every other program so at first I figured I got a great deal on the software and did not count at all on the oportunity.  What a surprise it has become!
If you would like to get some information about this program, just click on the following and then send: mailto:rfl
If you do not want to receive email messages from me like this, than I am awfully sorry for bothering you. Please click on the following: If you do this, I promise that you will never get another email message from me again.
