
@_date: 2004-10-27 03:48:01
@_author: "leroy swavely" 
@_subject: There is always alternative, better one letterhead 
showgrounds  sebasti
paun  parth
sancela  secssxn  rhpninn U1 orbix  semetic
I got my package the other day from this site. Thought you might be
interested in getting yours there too. Anyhow you can check it out. Lets
talk later.
Hxopfqf One day there was this preacher and he was having his usual sermon when all
of a sudden it started raining, really, really, hard After about 1 full hour
of complete non-stop rain, they started making evacuations because the whole
church was flooding, but the preacher just stood there in the ankle-deep
water. A guy in a car came vp to him and said. "Preacher, Preacher you
better get in here before you drown!" But the preacher just replied "Don't
worry God will save me." The man then said "Whatever!" and drove away. The
water was now knee-deep and a guy in a raft came over to the Preacher and
said "Preacher, Preacher you better get in here before you drown!" Despite
the second warning the Preacher just stood there and replied "Don't worry
God will save me." The man then said "Whatever" and rowed away in the orange
The water was now waist-deep and a guy in a power boat came to the Preacher
and said "Preacher, Preacher you better get in here before you drown!"
Despite the third warning the Preacher just stood there and replied "Don't
worry God will save me." With that the man said "Whatever!" and jetted away
in the power boat. The water was now neck-deep and a guy in a helicopter
came and said "Preacher, Preacher you better get your butt in here before
you drown!" The man still just stood there and replied "Don't worry God will
save me." And with that the man said "Whatever" and flew away. The water
then got so deep that the Preacher was sucked under and died. When he opened
his eyes he noticed that he was in heaven. He then saw God and asked "God!
Why didn't you save me from that horrible flood??" God then replied, " I
sent you a car, a raft, a power boat, and a helicopter! What else do you
want from me?!"
Q. What is forty feet long and has eight teeth?
A. The front row at a Willie Nelson concert.
