
@_date: 2004-10-14 13:28:33
@_author: "Miss. Martha Komana" 
@_subject: can you be trusted? 
Dear, I know that this mail might be a surpriseing to you
but do consider it as an emergency. In a nut shell, My
name is Miss Martha komana 20 years old from the
republic of Sierria-Leone in west Africa, now seeking
for refugee in Dakar -Senegal under the(UNHCR). The only child of late Dr.Solomon  komana. I am
looking for someone who can take me as child I promise
to be obidient to you and I will bring happiness to
your life, I prayed over it and selected your name
amoung two names due to it's esteeming nature and the
recommendations given to me, as a reputable and
trustworthy person.I can do business with,and by their
recommendations I must not hesitate to confide in you
for this simple and sincere business.I want you to
assist me in this transaction. My late father was the managing director of Rainbow
Gold and Diamond Mine company in
(KENEMA)Sierra-Leone.But he was poisoned to death
alongside with my mother  by his business associate,
On one of their outing to discuss a business deal in
oversea, However, after their death I managed to stay
alone and when the war broke out in my country. I escape to refugee camp in senegal  with every
important files of my father.He has the sum of
(US$15.2M)Fiften million two hundred thousand U.S
Dollars only. This amount was deposited by my late
father in one of the leading Banks in outside Sierria-Leone. The deposit documents indicate me as
the next of kin. Presently, I am saddled with the
problem of securing a trust worthy foriegn personality
to help me. I will map out 15% for you.
(1) you will Stand on my behalf  as the beneficiary
for the claim of the inheritance from the bank since
the management of the bank adviced that I should
solicit for an individual or corporate organization to
claim the deposit for me as they cannot release it
directly to me due to my refugee status in Senegal.
(2) Transfer the money over to your own country and
into your possession pending my arrival to meet with
(3)Invest and manage the money for me in a good
business pending my maturity. (4) Help me secure my travelling documents to meet you
as soon as my money is released to you. Furthermore,you can contact the Bank for confirmation
and I will issue a letter of authorisation on your
name,that will enable the bank correspond with you on
my behalf.I am giving you this offers as mentioned
with every confidence on your acceptance to assist me
or adopt me as your Child if possible and manage the
money for me. Conclusively I wish you send me a reply immediately
you recieve this proposal trough this email adress. until then,
I remain with
the best ,
Regards
