
@_date: 2002-11-21 12:46:22
@_author: "Dr.Wilfred Mboyo" 
@_subject: Urgent Letter from Zimbabwe 
URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP
Firstly, I have to introduce myself to you. My name is Dr Wilfred Mboyo from Zimbabwe. I was the chairman of contract review panel in my country before the problem of the land reform program.
Before the escalation of the situation in Zimbabwe I recovered $16.8Million US dollars from over inflated contracts by some government officials. But I was a member of the opposition party the MDC(Movement for Democratic Change), and the ruling Party, (ZANU PF) has been against us. So I had to flee the country for a neighbouring African Country which I am currently residing.
Before the escalation of the situation in Zimbabwe I had not reported The recovery of my findings to the panel. So this money was in my possession and I lodged it in a security company here in Africa and currently this money has been moved to their security branch in Europe. I have been trying to fly to Europe but it has been difficult  for me to get a visa from Africa. So I want you to help me make claims of this fund($16.8m) in Europe as my beneficiary and transfer the money to your account or any account of your choice before I can get a visa to fly down. So that we can share this money.
I have agreed to give you 10%,which would be ($1.6Million dollars) of this Money for your assistance, and 85% would be mine and the other 5% would be set aside for any expenses that we may incure during the course of this transaction. And my 85% would be invested in your country in any profitable business propossed by you. We have never met, but I want to trust you and please do not let me down when this fund finally gets into your account. Please if you are interested, get to me through the email address below to enable me feed you with more details and all necessary documentations. Please treat this as confidential.  (  mboyo2000   or   mboyo2001 )
Dr.Wilfred Mboyo
NOTE: In the event of your inability to handle this transaction please inform me so that i can look for another reliable person who can assist me.
