
@_date: 2013-12-26 17:42:07
@_author: David McGrew 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hi Greg,
Ive trimmed the email to just the point that I can address best:
I described the process by which CFRG has come by the particular co-chairs in a recent email to Trevor.   Let me repeat that to make sure that your questions get answered, and provide a bit more detail.
Ran Canetti and I formed CFRG by following the process described in RFC                                   Anyone interested in creating an
    IRTF Research Group must submit a charter for the proposed group to
    the IRTF Chair along with a list of proposed founding members. The
    charter will be reviewed by the IRSG and then forwarded to the IAB
    for approval.  If approved, the charter is placed on the IRTF Web site, and
    published in the Internet Monthly Report (IMR).
When Ran stepped down, I sought a co-chair.   Strictly speaking, there does not need to be a co-chair.   It is sufficient for IRTF purposes to have a single chair.   In practice, it is better to have two chairs.   This is especially true when the RG chair also authors RG documents; having a second chair enables us to avoid having a potential conflict of interest.   There was not a public call for a co-chair to replace Ran; this is not unusual for an IRTF Research Group.   I did have private discussions with a bunch of potential co-chair candidates at the time, who were people that were active in CFRG and in IETF security area at that time.  Lars Eggert, who chairs the entire IRTF, was also involved in these discussions and was quite helpful.   I asked the RG to affirm Kevin in the role of co-chair.  I cannot recall anyone expressing any reservations about Kevin at the time, either publicly or privately.
The Research Group needs to have chairs that it trusts, and who are trusted by the broader IETF and Internet communities that they work with.  People who have worked with Kevin trust him, but there is widespread mistrust of NSA in those broader communities.   The IRTF policies have not anticipated this situation.   Please bear with the IRTF leadership team for a little bit; the holiday week in the U.S. has slowed us down.

@_date: 2013-12-24 17:57:39
@_author: David McGrew 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hi Trevor,
Yes, but I felt that I needed to clarify how this guidance fits into the IETF process, as there are people participating on this thread that are new to the IRTF.
I respectfully disagree with your characterization.   I would guess that if you could have been present for the discussion at the RG meeting, you might feel differently.
Let me make an aside about provable security. In the crypto practice community, it is often regarded as oversold.  A proven-secure protocol is only secure in the real world if it uses an attack model and a set of premises and assumptions that are completely accurate.    Consider, for example, that a provably-secure nonce-based encryption scheme looks great from a theory perspective, but if you use it in a real-world situation in which it is difficult to ensure that nonces are actually distinct, then the actual security stinks.   The practice community sometimes hears claims that a protocol that was proven secure (in one model) has been broken (in another model), and this seeming contradiction undermines some of the confidence in provable security.  Considering that CFRG aims to be a bridge between practice/standards and theory, I would like to encourage the discussion on provable security to go into the model and assumptions.   This will be the best way to ensure that the practitioners understand the relevance of a security proof, and for the theory people to sanity-check their assumptions and model with the practitioners where appropriate (as in the nonce example above).
We *should* encourage the practice community to use proven-secure protocols where possible - but we should also understand that much of that community has skepticism.   For perspective, we should realize that many in the practice community resist the deprecation of ciphers that are in the field, or in extant standards, until the attacks against them are downright easy; RC4 and 3DES are recent examples.   This community has the opinion that they do not need to replace ciphers that are not currently breakable with commonly available resources.  I disagree with this opinion, of course, but I bring it up to emphasize the need for CFRG to engage constructively with these folks, who place far less value on provable security than the theory community does.
Ran Canetti and I formed CFRG by following the process described in RFC                                   Anyone interested in creating an
    IRTF Research Group must submit a charter for the proposed group to
    the IRTF Chair along with a list of proposed founding members.  The
    charter will be reviewed by the IRSG and then forwarded to the IAB
    for approval.  If approved, the charter is placed on the IRTF Web site, and
    published in the Internet Monthly Report (IMR).
When Kevin joined as co-chair, the only public process was an affirmation.   There was not a public call for a co-chair; this is not unusual for an IRTF Research Group.   I did have private discussions with a bunch of potential co-chair candidates at the time.   I cannot recall anyone expressing any reservations about Kevin at the time, either publicly or privately.
I agree that it is not true; it is an overstatement.  But it is a fact that intelligence agencies have a lot of the talent that will show up at a venue like this, and that those organizations are able to justify the cost of ongoing professional participation.
Do I understand you correctly to say that you would accept Kevin as a co-chair if he was selected through some sort of official process, other than affirmation by the RG?
Agreed on the uncertainty.
I didn't mean to suggest that you said that, but I did want to ask. If the IRTF decides to establish a policy that is based on an RG member's employer, as you are advocating, it would be best to establish the entire policy up front, rather than debate each case as it comes up.
If the IRTF does set a "no NSA" policy, it needs to be consistent and set a "no intelligence agency" policy.   I strongly suspect that what is unique about the NSA is not what they are doing, but rather the fact that some of their goals and means have been exposed.   And perhaps the scale of their activities as well, but then again, its is hard to assess the scale of the SIGINT activities of the world governments for comparison.   The IETF and the CFRG need to be wary about crypto designs regardless of their sources.
If we really did want to exclude people from intelligence agencies while not setting a formal policy to that effect, we could achieve that goal by crafting a policy that demands more transparency than an intelligence agency would be comfortable with.   For instance, the policy could require the publication of all of the contributor's publications, regardless of whether or not they have been classified, or it could require that the contributor sign a statement regarding transparency that their employer would never agree to.   But note that if we did this, it would not solve any problems, because an intelligence agency could always work through contractors or other people who are on their payroll, but do not admit to being on their payroll.
That's a fair point.
What do you mean by this?   Are you saying that the CFRG chairs mishandled the Lucky-13 disclosure?   If so, I strongly disagree. Kenny managed that disclosure (and deserves kudos for his contributions to CFRG and the IETF), and Kevin and I had the role of explaining the seriousness of the attack to the TLS WG chairs and Security Area Directors, all of which happened through private communications rather than on-list communications, of course.   But I suspect that I don't understand your point here.
I am sorry to hear this; drafts are the official documents of the RG, and we can only make progress through well-written and well-reviewed contributions.   Perhaps you could ask the Security Area Directors if you could author an individual submission in that area, if you think that is a better idea.   (They may not like the idea, but you could ask.)
If I understand you, the paragraph is Kevin's summary of Scott's improvement to Dan's protocol.   To me, that paragraph, followed by the request for review, looks like an RG chair that is seeking to stimulate The important point here is that a Research Group chair reading [REVIEW] could get the impression that the proposed mitigation to timing attacks is "hard to implement" rather than "ineffective", in your opinion.
Of course we need informed and diligent chairs.   But when we are establishing the criteria that we expect from the CFRG chairs, we need to keep in mind that the higher that we set the bar, the fewer the candidates that will be qualified and interested.   It would be wrong to set an expectation that each email that attempts to summarize the on-list discussion must be free from flaws, for instance.
Absolutely, feedback and input is welcome.
Happy holidays to you and everyone else celebrating at this time.

@_date: 2013-12-24 05:32:46
@_author: David McGrew 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Thanks Stephen for introducing these important points into the conversation:
People interested in helping progress on these topics could offer review or suggested contributions on the following internet drafts:
- draft-mcgrew-standby-cipher-00
- draft-irtf-cfrg-cipher-catalog-01
These drafts do not cover the entire set of issues., of course. Technical proposals that improve the state of cryptography on the Internet are always welcome at CFRG.   It would be good to have more discussion on these points.   I would also add resistance to side channel attacks and resistance against IV or nonce misuse as important

@_date: 2013-12-24 05:25:58
@_author: David McGrew 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
please understand that, to the people who have attended CFRG and IETF meetings with Kevin, it does sound a bit silly to suggest that he is not a real person.   I am not sure why he has not responded on the list, though it is the holiday season in the U.S., which could be the reason.

@_date: 2013-12-24 05:14:08
@_author: David McGrew 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
CFRG is chartered to "provide a forum for discussing and analyzing general cryptographic aspects of security protocols, and to offer guidance on the use of emerging mechanisms and new uses of existing mechanisms." The charter also says that "IETF working groups developing protocols that include cryptographic elements are welcome to bring questions concerning the protocols to the CFRG for advice." The wording of this charter was carefully chosen so as to not compete with IETF standards activities in crypto; note that an IETF Working Group only gets advice if they ask for it. (They don't ask often.)
You say "Working Groups" in the plural. To what IETF Working Group, other than TLS, do you think that Kevin has represented the CFRG collective opinion?
No standards process is ever perfect, and CFRG is an IRTF Research Group, not an IETF Working Group. As such, it has a less formally defined process. You have a right as an RG member to ask how your opinion as an RG member is being included in the summary of the RG opinion. As far as Kevin's competence goes, your complaint needs to be balanced against his contributions.
One of the main challenges that CFRG has faced over the years has been that of getting sustained, ongoing participation. CFRG is a volunteer organization, and as such it relies on professionals that are willing and able to contribute their time. It is easy to get people to agree that "something should be done", but getting individuals to contribute on an ongoing basis has been difficult. There are far more people active on this thread than people who are actively contributing to the RG as authors and reviewers of internet drafts. It would be great if we could have more regular participation from academics, but in the past it has not proven possible. (In particular, a professor is likely to have a hard time justifying the ongoing commitment of being a co-chair.) Since CFRG does not author standards, it is less appealing to vendors as a place to engage. It is not surprising that someone from an intelligence agency that is tasked with communication security has the qualifications and can justify the time commitment.
I assume that you would oppose a CFRG chair that was an employee of any government communication security agency, for any government, and presumably a contractor for one as well. Is that right? What about someone in the role of a document author or co-author? Would you ask that Sean Shen step down as co-author of draft-irtf-cfrg-cipher-catalog-01, for instance? I hope not, but these are important questions to consider.
If you feel that some other PAKE protocol would be better than Dragonfly, let me ask: have you considered authoring an Internet Draft that compares different PAKE protocols? You could take the approach of authoring an individual submission, which represents your point of view, or you could aim to author a draft that represents the consensus viewpoint of the entire research group. A good approach might be to write up an individual submission, then aim to convince the RG that it should be the consensus opinion. If there is a significant body of people who disagree, then the appropriate procedure is to document the disagreement as honestly as possible.
As you noted, there have been other PAKE proposals. I am fine with having the research group review more of these proposals, either on the list or at the next meeting. (As a side note: I am lukewarm about the usefulness of these protocols, because they only prevent offline dictionary attacks, and not online dictionary attacks, and they do nothing to prevent non-cryptographic attacks that steal or guess passwords. The non-cryptographic attacks are, in practice, a bigger threat than the cryptographic attacks. So what would be the best contribution in the PAKE area, in my opinion, is guidance on the usage and limitations of PAKE protocols in general.)
[IGOE_2] ends with the statement "Many thanks to Rene Struik and Scott Fluhrer for their insightful comments. Would anyone else on the list like to join in? We can’t learn from our mistakes until we realize we’ve made them." I have a hard time seeing this message as steering the RG in an unfruitful direction.
I think that by "ineffective attempt to avoid timing attacks" you are referring to your statement that "within each loop are conditional branches and Legendre symbol / square-root algorithms, which are hard to implement efficiently in constant time ([STRUIK], [ICART], [FIPS186-4])" from [REVIEW]. Is this right? There is a significant difference between "hard to implement" and "ineffective". The statement in [REVIEW] makes it sound like it is inconvenient for the implementer, while the statement in your email makes it sound as though it is impossible.
Yes, I agree: It's entirely possible these are just mistakes by a novice chair who lacks experience in a particular sort of protocol and is being pressured by IETF participants to endorse something.
I asked Kevin to become a co-chair back in 2011, at which time I was the only chair of the RG. I had worked with him on some internet drafts, and had a great respect for his understanding of both the theory and the practice of cryptography, and understanding both areas is important for the RG. It is important to have more than one chair, otherwise the single chair should not be acting as a co-author in the RG. My opinion: I have not seen Kevin subvert any process, and for that matter, I don't think RG chairs are well positioned to subvert standards processes.
It is important that the Research Group have chairs that it trusts. It is also an important principle at IETF and IRTF that people who participate do so as individuals and not as representatives of their employers (which is stated in sentence five at irtf.org). Lars, the IRTF Chair, along with the IAB, will need to balance those two considerations.
I am concerned that many of the people who are arguing the most against Kevin continuing as CFRG co-chair have not previously participated in CFRG. I hope that they stay and participate over the long run, and are willing to review and contribute to drafts, meetings, and discussions on the mail list. But it would not be healthy for the IRTF if an influx of temporary members could have a disruptive effect.
In case anyone wants to know: I have never worked for any government or held any security clearance.

@_date: 2014-01-02 20:53:58
@_author: David McGrew 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hi Trevor,
I agree, more outreach to the theory community would be valuable. Perhaps you would be interested in helping with that effort?
I hope that you stay engaged with CFRG over the long term and help it do useful work.
I think we are in agreement here.
I think you are right.   I kind of like the idea of having a statement of purpose of CFRG that contributors need to agree to, but it would not be addressing any of the problems that people care most about.
I think that you are overestimating the power of a research group chair.  But I do think that trustworthyness and expertise are important.
I don't have the time right now to go back to the earlier version of the draft and check all of this, and I want to get back to you sooner rather than later.   So let me comment here as a chair, rather than a technical reviewer.  What would have been most useful is for this analysis to have been presented to the CFRG mail list during the discussion of timing attacks that initially took place on December 2012, or after Kevin put out a Last Call for comments on Dragonfly on April 4, 2013.   For perspective: Rene Struik's comments on that draft went out on Nov 29, and yous went out on Dec 10, over six months after the last call for
