
@_date: 2002-05-06 08:06:03
@_author: me@myplace.to 
@_subject: Fwd: SRA - [Fcalerts] Minnesota Anti-Gun Groups Lose Names. 
This might be of interest to some.
-------- Original Message --------
May 5 Update -- The Minnesota Gun Owners Civil Rights
Alliance (GOCRA) just took exclusive ownership of the
corporate names of the two biggest anti-gun groups in
the state: Citizens for a Safer Minnesota and Citizens
for a Safer Minnesota Education Fund. Not only are those wonderful names for new organizations
that would truly make Minnesota safer - by enlarging gun rights, not destroying them  - the anti-gunners who
spent a lot of time, money and energy building up those
names can no longer use them.  Nor can they use signs, stationery or other materials using those names.
That shut down the groups’ operations at a political convention this weekend and promises to give a great deal of grief to the groups, their officers, and their
contributors.  Further, anyone who has contributed in the last three
years to the IRS 501(c)(3) tax-deductible CSM Education
Fund may have to file an amended tax return - including
American For Safe Government Andrew McKelvey and his personal anti-gun group, a heavy contributor to anti-
gunners across the country.
The Minnesota anti-gun organizations had failed to file
their annual non-profit corporation registration so their corporations had been automatically dissolved by
the Secretary of State's Office. That terminated the
existence of their corporate entities and made the business names available for the taking.  GOCRA took the name of the lobbying organization by incorporating a new subsidiary corporation with the now-available former name of the anti-gun group. That
required only a one page fill-in-the-blank form available from the Secretary of State's Office and a $135 filing fee. The form was downloaded from the SOS web page. The gun organization also got the name of the anti-
gunner's tax-deductible foundation by forming another
corporation which they intend to qualify under Internal
Revenue Code Sec. 501(c)(3). While they were at it, the pro-gun group reserved for
12 months other names they thought the anti-gunners might want to adopt (which costs less than incorporating).
The founders of GOCRA, David Gross and Joe Olson, both
lawyers, were close friends and allies on the NRA Board
until we were purged in the post-Heston era.  But they’re very much still in the fight; I attended an meeting with Joe and other grass roots activists last
week during the Reno NRA meetings.
Joe and David discovered this opportunity by visiting
the Minnesota Secretary of State's web site and checking
into whether their own corporations and those of the anti-gunners were in good standing. It didn't hurt that
Joe is a law professor who specializes in corporate and
tax law.
Neither of the anti-gunner's former corporations were
in good standing; both were listed as "inactive" for they hadn't filed their annual registration for several
years. The Secretary of State's on-line list of dissolved
corporations, which only went back 2 years, showed that
the anti-gun lobbying arm had been automatically dissolved 2 weeks ago. The educational fund appeared to
have lapsed even earlier so our guys called up the corporations division at the SOS office and asked. Sure enough, that corporation had been automatically dissolved 3 years ago. Friday morning GOCRA filed the short-form Articles of
Incorporation of two new corporations with those names. Bang, the names were theirs.
The Minnesota Secretary of State's office routinely
sends out pre-printed annual report forms to all corporations, so some anti-gunner dropped the ball.
Big time.
As good citizens should do, the IRS was notified that
the anti-gunner's tax exempt entity didn't exist and hadn't existed for three years. For those tax years, it owes taxes on all its contributions and on the grants from HCI, AGS, etc.  Its individual and corporate donors who deducted their contributions
will have to file amended returns deleting those so-called "charitable" deductions and paying additional taxes. The anti-gun group compounded their
problems by engaging in a neat little trick, as explained on their web site, of taking ALL contributions above their $35 a year dues, automatically
shifting the remainder to the tax-deductible fund, and
issuing a tax deduction receipt. If they had only paid
as much attention to the filing of their annual forms...
How would your club or organization like to have to
notify all of your contributors of this situation? Better check your own organization's status immediately
- although very few gun groups have formed (c)(3) charitable organizations. The two new pro-gun corporations served the anti-
gunners with written demands to cease and desist from using the new corporations' business names on
stationary, pamphlets, web sites, etc. 	They did this as soon as possible after incorporating. That
just happened to be at this weekend's state Democrat-
Farmer-Labor Convention. After a while, the anti-gun
group packed up their booth and left.
Not bad for 3 days work. My hat's off to Joe and David.
As my friends pointed out in an email: "Most states have non-profit corporations statutes
with annual registration reguirements and automatic
dissolution after some period. An opportunity like this could exist in any state. Get on the state web
page this afternoon (it's on 24/7)."
Can't tell what you might find. Guerilla warfare can be fun.
End msg********************
East Englewood
If you worry for security look to your mote.
