
@_date: 2001-09-28 22:35:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: ssldump: an SSL protocol analyzer Version 0.9b2 
ANNOUNCE: ssldump: an SSL protocol analyzer
Version 0.9b2
RTFM, Inc. is pleased to announce the availability of ssldump 0.9b2.
ssldump is an SSLv3/TLS network protocol analyzer. It identifies TCP
connections on the chosen network interface and attempts to interpret
them as SSLv3/TLS traffic. When it identifies SSLv3/TLS traffic, it
decodes the records and displays them in a textual form to stdout. If
linked with OpenSSL and provided with the appropriate keying material,
it will also decrypt the connections and display the application data
ssldump is completely passive and thus allows you to analyze systems
without interfering with them. You can also use it to read stored
traffic collected with tcpdump. This release is version 0.9b2. The code quality is considered to be
late Beta. It has seen extensive testing on a number of Unix
platforms including FreeBSD, Solaris, HP/UX and Linux. It uses
autoconf and should be portable to most Unix-based systems.
0.9b2 introduces a port to Windows, courtesy of Greg Stark. This
port has seen rather less testing and so is corresponding less
Since 0.9b1, a number of things have changed:
The ssldump home page is at:

@_date: 2001-09-21 21:27:32
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: The Myth of Posse Comitatus 
The Myth of Posse Comitatus MAJ Craig T. Trebilcock, USAR The Posse Comitatus Act has been traditionally viewed as a major barrier to the use of U.S. military forces in planning for homeland defense. In fact, many in uniform believe the Act precludes the use of U.S. military assets in domestic security operations in any but the most extraordinary situations. As is often the case, reality bears little resemblance to the myth for homeland defense planners. Through a gradual erosion of the Act’s prohibitions over the past twenty years, Posse Comitatus today is more of a procedural formality than an actual impediment to the use of U.S. military forces in homeland defense.

@_date: 2001-09-19 09:45:08
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: EarthLink rejects FBI\'s request to install Carnivore 
EarthLink rejects FBI's request to install Carnivore ATLANTA -- Less than 24 hours after last week's terrorist attacks on New York and Washington, FBI agents visited executives in EarthLink's Atlanta headquarters. The agents, subpoenas in hand, wanted EarthLink personnel to install the FBI's controversial tracking software -- called Carnivore -- on the networks the company uses to connect customers to the Internet. The agents were looking for electronic clues, trying to retrace suspected terrorists' steps in cyberspace.

@_date: 2001-09-18 17:12:09
@_author: nyse: AOL - news - people 
@_subject: Forbes: The Big Lie 
The Big Lie Forbes.com, 09.17.01, 1:10 PM ET Must Americans sacrifice their liberty to achieve safety? The knee-jerk reaction to the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. has been to say yes. Two out of three Americans are willing to surrender civil liberties to stop terrorism, according to an ABC-Washington Post poll taken the day after the attacks. "I'm puking every time I hear that," says Baltimore lawyer Thomas Bowden. "The idea is to compromise their lifestyle. We keep ours the same." It's also irresponsible to suggest waiving civil rights. Take the bill passed by the Senate two days after the attack. It would permit police to tape phones and seize Internet records without a search warrant. That would leave Americans vulnerable to even greater evils. "It is something we will all regret down the road," says Timothy Lynch, a constitutional law expert with the Cato Institute, a Washington, D.C.-based think tank. Most threatened is the Fourth Amendment prohibition against unreasonable searches. Does that safeguard have to be scrapped to search airline passengers more thoroughly? No, it doesn't. Airports already use machines sensitive enough to detect a box cutter. Luggage and people are already searched, but these searches don't raise constitutional issues, unless a government is involved. The Constitution restricts only official actions, not private ones. Courts agree that people can't expect much privacy in airports anyhow. What about when police are involved? They usually need a search warrant before raiding a home or tapping the phone. But police seldom have trouble persuading a judge to sign one. The standards are lax, especially when a terrorist is involved. This week America Online (nyse: AOL - news - people) and EarthLink (nasdaq: ELNK - news - people) cooperated with the FBI investigation by providing information about certain subscribers, according to the Washington Post. "This is already constitutional," explains lawyer James Harper, a privacy advocate and former counsel to the House Judiciary Committee. So why waive the Fourth Amendment and allow the government to eavesdrop and seize records without a warrant? Is the Justice Department trying to exploit a crisis for illicit purposes? "Sometimes they take advantage of these tragedies," sighs Lynch, citing antiterrorist laws inspired by the bombing of the Federal building in Oklahoma City in 1996. Sacrificing rights didn't work then and it's dishonest for law enforcement to pretend that waiving civil rights now will work, either. Even if giving up some rights would help some, Americans shouldn't do it. That would be a victory for the terrorists, who sought to destroy a way of life. Even temporary measures tend to become permanent, as the British have discovered since the 1970s, when they waived some rights to thwart bombings by the Irish Republican Army. Giving up rights might even lead the U.S. into autocratic rule--which is what the terrorists want and what the Founding Fathers were trying to prevent when they wrote the Bill of Rights. America is built on a healthy distrust of government power. In the words of Ben Franklin, "Those who trade liberty for security will have neither."

@_date: 2001-09-15 22:28:06
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: re: Crypto Access 
resources are likely to be shutdown if the war panic continues. crypto even if possession and/or usage is outlawed?
Its now possible to publish web sites to Mojo.  Perhaps we could work together on some tests uploads of your site?
In the same way a number of people on and off the list have sprung into action to bring up additional remailers, perhaps we should encourage our circle of friends to download and run Mojo clients.
A> while back a list of global sites for accessing crypto was
set up at:
 >  It would be nice to mirror these site on Mojo.

@_date: 2001-09-22 00:47:16
@_author: delayed delivery, lost mail, etc. 
@_subject: Email snarfing 
I've recently encountered a number of email problems (delayed delivery, lost mail, etc.) both from my pop accounts and Hush.  I'm not trying to be paranoid but could these be caused by problems of TLA-installed transparent SMTP, POP, and HTTP proxies at ISP's in a man-in-the-middle mode, so that they'd be sure to see all traffic, because Carnivore's storage capacity is pretty limited?
Also, if missing email causes a sender to re-transmit the same message could this expose the message to some sort of replay-resend attack if the crypto isn't well coded?

@_date: 2001-10-10 02:20:48
@_author: "Axel H Horns" 
@_subject: [FYI] Dutch Government wants to regulate strong cryptography 
Organization: External
--------------- CUT ---------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-04 18:45:49
@_author: Sept. 26 
@_subject: How-to be a sheep article on the WSJ 
[Reformatted for legibility:  linewraps and indent.  Please take the few
moments to present material in a clear and readable manner.  KMSelf]
    October 4, 2001
    Capital
    A Pivotal Point In American Life
    IT IS EASY TO ASSERT that Sept. 11 "changed everything." It
    certainly is redefining normalcy in New York and Washington, where
    the sound of a siren or the darkness of a blown fuse revives the
    anxiety of that terrible Tuesday. But life is changing irreversibly
    in peaceful places such as Tyler, Texas, too.
    The sting of the terrorist attack will fade, albeit more slowly for
    those whose loved ones perished. But Sept. 11 looks like one of
    those pivot points in American life. Its true significance will be
    clear only with the hindsight of history. Three weeks is time
    enough, though, to begin to see the magnitude of the changes -- and
    they aren't limited to New York and Washington.
    Before Sept. 11, Americans worried about the growing capacity of
    government and business to use technology to instantly retrieve and
    share intimate details of our lives. When the Department of Health
    and Human Services was drafting new privacy rules for medical
    records last year, it got 52,000 comments.
    Today, concern about privacy is displaced by concern about security.
    At Tyler's tiny airport, the screeners open every carry-on bag and
    examine every crevice. But no one complains, even silently, about
    exposing dirty underwear in a public place. Public pressure to
    protect the confidentiality of financial information, the subject of
    those small-print notices stuffed in bills and bank statements, is
    now countered by a more urgent need to track the terrorists' money
    trail.
    Technologies that seemed frightening to many last month -- such as
    the cameras and software that scan and identify faces in public
    places -- seem comforting today. Polls show a surge in support for a
    national identity card, especially when it is described as a way to
    combat terrorism.
    BEFORE SEPT. 11, the U.S. was striving for frictionless air travel,
    offering boarding passes at computer terminals and baggage check-in
    at downtown counters. Complaints about air travel weren't about
    fares, which were driven down by competition, or safety, but about
    delays caused by the popularity of air travel.
    Today, we are putting friction back into airplane check-ins -- and
    that, along with fear of hijacking, may drive American families back
    into their cars. "The generation that dominates most markets, the
    baby boomers, are obsessed with safety and their own well-being,
    more than any other generation that has preceded them," says Jim
    Bulin, a Northville, Mich., consultant to the auto industry.
    0See more information about some of the items mentioned in this
    column.
    * * *
    Please send comments to capital We'll post selected
    replies at WSJ.com/CapitalExchange2 on Sunday.  The generation that
    put bike helmets on kids and durable car seats in minivans will be
    reluctant to fly to Disneyland or Club Med. The attacks have revived
    talk of building a world-class high-speed rail network. But that's
    just talk. For now, many more families will be taking vacations by
    car.
    Before Sept. 11, the U.S. was, with some hesitation, erasing its
    national borders. A long-simmering dispute over allowing Mexican
    trucks to travel U.S. highways was nearing resolution. The border
    with Canada was all but invisible. President Bush was pondering ways
    to legalize the status of immigrants from Mexico who came here
    illegally.
    Today, we are fortifying our borders again. The aerial photos of
    trucks waiting to carry parts from Canadian factories to
    Detroit-area auto plants are just the most tangible evidence.
    Congress is moving to fortify the Canadian border. The power of
    globalization to wash away the nation's borders like ocean waves
    seems less inexorable at a moment when the president has created an
    office of homeland security.
    THE IMPORTANCE of government was widely questioned before Sept. 11.
    For a time, Washington was plain boring to many. Then, thanks to
    Bill Clinton, it became fascinating in the way a soap opera is
    fascinating. And Washington became a venue for sitcoms. The power of
    markets to produce prosperity was self-evident; the potential to
    privatize functions once reserved to government appeared unlimited.
    There was debate, but there was no doubt which side was winning.
    Today, the centrality of government -- particularly the one in
    Washington -- is unquestioned. The government is criticized for not
    foreseeing or preventing the attacks, and for the adequacy and shape
    of its military and economic response. But no one is calling
    Washington irrelevant. The widespread belief that a federal takeover
    of airport security is the best way to assure travelers of their
    safety suggests a slowing in the momentum to privatize everything,
    no matter how strong the economic case for privatization and
    competition.
    The lasting impact of Sept. 11 is likely to be greatest on Americans
    in their late teens and early 20s, "the people who are still young
    enough to have their values being formed," Mr. Bulin suggests. For
    them, Sept. 11 will likely prove as important in shaping attitudes
    and behavior as the traumatic Kennedy assassination and the divisive
    Vietnam War were for an earlier generation. And it is truly
    impossible to predict just how that will show itself in the decades
    ahead.
    -- David Wessel
    Write to David Wessel at capital
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Resources
    For recent polls on national identity cards, see
            ***
    6Out in the Heartland, the Word 'Normal' Seems Possible Again (Sept. 26)
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    URL for this Article:
        Hyperlinks in this Article:
    (1) mailto:capital     (2)      (3) mailto:capital     (4)      (5)      (6)

@_date: 2001-10-04 17:52:16
@_author: Sept. 26 
@_subject: How-to be a sheep article on the WSJ 
October 4, 2001
A Pivotal Point In American Life
IT IS EASY TO ASSERT that Sept. 11 "changed everything." It certainly is redefining normalcy in New York and Washington, where the sound of a siren or the darkness of a blown fuse revives the anxiety of that terrible Tuesday. But life is changing irreversibly in peaceful places such as Tyler, Texas, too.
The sting of the terrorist attack will fade, albeit more slowly for those whose loved ones perished. But Sept. 11 looks like one of those pivot points in American life. Its true significance will be clear only with the hindsight of history. Three weeks is time enough, though, to begin to see the magnitude of the changes -- and they aren't limited to New York and Washington.
Before Sept. 11, Americans worried about the growing capacity of government and business to use technology to instantly retrieve and share intimate details of our lives. When the Department of Health and Human Services was drafting new privacy rules for medical records last year, it got 52,000 comments.
Today, concern about privacy is displaced by concern about security. At Tyler's tiny airport, the screeners open every carry-on bag and examine every crevice. But no one complains, even silently, about exposing dirty underwear in a public place. Public pressure to protect the confidentiality of financial information, the subject of those small-print notices stuffed in bills and bank statements, is now countered by a more urgent need to track the terrorists' money trail.
Technologies that seemed frightening to many last month -- such as the cameras and software that scan and identify faces in public places -- seem comforting today. Polls show a surge in support for a national identity card, especially when it is described as a way to combat terrorism.
BEFORE SEPT. 11, the U.S. was striving for frictionless air travel, offering boarding passes at computer terminals and baggage check-in at downtown counters. Complaints about air travel weren't about fares, which were driven down by competition, or safety, but about delays caused by the popularity of air travel.
Today, we are putting friction back into airplane check-ins -- and that, along with fear of hijacking, may drive American families back into their cars. "The generation that dominates most markets, the baby boomers, are obsessed with safety and their own well-being, more than any other generation that has preceded them," says Jim Bulin, a Northville, Mich., consultant to the auto industry.
0See more information about some of the items mentioned in this column.
* * *
Please send comments to capital We'll post selected replies at WSJ.com/CapitalExchange2 on Sunday.
The generation that put bike helmets on kids and durable car seats in minivans will be reluctant to fly to Disneyland or Club Med. The attacks have revived talk of building a world-class high-speed rail network. But that's just talk. For now, many more families will be taking vacations by car.
Before Sept. 11, the U.S. was, with some hesitation, erasing its national borders. A long-simmering dispute over allowing Mexican trucks to travel U.S. highways was nearing resolution. The border with Canada was all but invisible. President Bush was pondering ways to legalize the status of immigrants from Mexico who came here illegally.
Today, we are fortifying our borders again. The aerial photos of trucks waiting to carry parts from Canadian factories to Detroit-area auto plants are just the most tangible evidence. Congress is moving to fortify the Canadian border. The power of globalization to wash away the nation's borders like ocean waves seems less inexorable at a moment when the president has created an office of homeland security.
THE IMPORTANCE of government was widely questioned before Sept. 11. For a time, Washington was plain boring to many. Then, thanks to Bill Clinton, it became fascinating in the way a soap opera is fascinating. And Washington became a venue for sitcoms. The power of markets to produce prosperity was self-evident; the potential to privatize functions once reserved to government appeared unlimited. There was debate, but there was no doubt which side was winning.
Today, the centrality of government -- particularly the one in Washington -- is unquestioned. The government is criticized for not foreseeing or preventing the attacks, and for the adequacy and shape of its military and economic response. But no one is calling Washington irrelevant. The widespread belief that a federal takeover of airport security is the best way to assure travelers of their safety suggests a slowing in the momentum to privatize everything, no matter how strong the economic case for privatization and competition.
The lasting impact of Sept. 11 is likely to be greatest on Americans in their late teens and early 20s, "the people who are still young enough to have their values being formed," Mr. Bulin suggests. For them, Sept. 11 will likely prove as important in shaping attitudes and behavior as the traumatic Kennedy assassination and the divisive Vietnam War were for an earlier generation. And it is truly impossible to predict just how that will show itself in the decades ahead.

@_date: 2001-11-30 05:23:36
@_author: 10's of meters 
@_subject: US Pat. No. 6,219,185: Large aperture diffractive space 
[Intended for astronomical and continuous sub-meter earth surveillance.]
A large (10's of meters) aperture space telescope including two separate spacecraft--an optical primary objective lens functioning as a magnifying glass and an optical secondary functioning as an eyepiece. The spacecraft are spaced up to several kilometers apart with the eyepiece directly behind the magnifying glass "aiming" at an intended target with their relative orientation determining the optical axis of the telescope and hence the targets being observed. The objective lens includes a very large-aperture, very-thin-membrane, diffractive lens, e.g., a Fresnel lens, which intercepts incoming light over its full aperture and focuses it towards the eyepiece. The eyepiece has a much smaller, meter-scale aperture and is designed to move along the focal surface of the objective lens, gathering up the incoming light and converting it to high quality images. The positions of the two space craft are controlled both to maintain a good optical focus and to point at desired targets !
which may be either earth bound or celestial.

@_date: 2001-11-22 17:58:37
@_author: my dual mode CDMA PCS phone quickly became inopperative 
@_subject: Jamming technology blocks cell phone rings 
[I've played around with an expensive version from another vendor.  It appeared to function (my dual mode CDMA PCS phone quickly became inopperative).  Range was limited due to low power output (about 12wm).  The circuits are very simple and the addition of an inexpensive 10-12db power amp stage for both the 1900 and 800 MHz bands would extend effective ranges to 50m or so.
This is a good candidate for anonymous cash sale.  It could become the next teen gota have prank product (the laser pointer "dotting" thing is about played out.)]
Jamming technology blocks cell phone rings By Reuters November 21, 2001, 10:00 a.m. PT HONG KONG--A Hong Kong company hopes to sell signal jamming technology, previously used by the military to thwart lethal missiles, to block annoying cell phone calls in places such as hospitals, places of worship and restaurants.

@_date: 2001-11-19 05:57:16
@_author: even S-VHS 
@_subject: Re: De-Macrovisioning Hardware 
and $60, which will supposedly remove Level 1 Macrovision.  Sima makes a
more pricey device, the "Color Corrector" which claims it will remove both
level 1 and Level 2.
for building my own device, but estimate parts at a minimum of $80, not
accounting for soldering time.  (I'm specifically looking for a device
that will take RCA in, perform its job, and give me an RCA out.)
I've had a Sima SCC for over six months.  It works flawlessly on every DVD I've thrown at it.
oblivious to the fact that content providers had so thoroughly spread
their poison as to reach the legitimate attempts of user Alice to route
her laptop's tv-out through Alice's vcr, so as to watch a DVD on a 21" tv
instead of a 14" LCD.
Macrovision, and contribute the compressed results to the body of DivX ;-)
works out there. I tried DivX but later changed to sVCD.  At the higher bit rates its virtually broadcast quality, much better than VHS (even S-VHS), and you can cut CDs to play on many home theater DVDs and on any Windows laptop using PowerDVD.  Great for time shifting your DVD rentals ;-)

@_date: 2001-11-15 17:34:43
@_author: unintended? 
@_subject: Re: Red Herring: Terrorism and the challenge to globalization. 
Stupid article, and your comment doesn't make much sense either.
First, the terrorist attacks are the best thing that has ever happened
for globalization.  No one is a purer anti-globalist than bin Laden.
Now the anti-global movement is associated with death and terror.
Anti-globalization protests have been scaled back and cancelled all
around the world since September 11.  To the extent that radical Islam
is the new standard bearer for anti-globalism, the movement is doomed.
My comments had nothing directly to do with globalization and everything to do with the (unintended?) consequences of arrogant and naive domestic and foreign policies.

@_date: 2001-11-07 21:05:20
@_author: and other metal backed ecurrencies 
@_subject: Cash - egold co-op 
Egold attempts to solve a number of transactional issues, especially non-repudiation.  It doesn't directly address privacy concerns.  One aspect of establishing financial privacy is unlinkability and one of the best ways to offer that quality is to use bearer instruments during the buy and/or sale of an otherwise trackable transaction.  I'd like to invite those with an interest in egold (and other metal backed ecurrencies) to contact me.  If there is sufficent interest I'd like to kick off a cash-egold co-op to provide a introduction agency for these activities.  I'll be at the Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting this Saturday ready to buy and sell limited amounts of egold.  Come bring your web enabled and configured Sprint PCS phone or laptop with wireless link.  If you wish to buy or sell more than a few hundred dollars please contact me by Friday.

@_date: 2001-11-15 05:17:03
@_author: Perseus, i995 
@_subject: Red Herring: Terrorism and the challenge to globalization. 
[Another glimmer of hope as even some of the mainstream business press is venturing beyond simple patriotic flag waving.  Posted in its entirety as its not online.]
Terrorism and the challenge to globalization.
BY PETER SCHWARTZ
THE CATASTROPHIC, evil attacks on the United States are the result of deep grievances held by violent factions of radical Islamic movements. But within hours of the World Trade Center's collapse, many voices that have been raised in opposition to globalization were arguing that the attacks were the result of the American drive for global political and economic hegemony. Is there really a connection here? The question is not whether there is some grand conspiracy. Rather, the question is whether the events of September ii are part of the same story as the challenge to globalization. If so, what does it portend?
There are several good arguments that the answer is yes, there is a bigger story that ties together fanatic Islamists and World Trade Organization protesters. Both are challenging American power, and both are opposed to American global dominance of culture, economics, and politics. But there are different interpretations of the opposition to globalization.
The globalization debate is really about the power of global corporations, argues Paul Hawken, cofounder of gardening retailer Smith & Hawken, and an active participant in Seattle's anti﷓WTO demonstrations. In his forthcoming book, Uprising, he suggests that a loose network of worldwide organizations is attempting to limit global entities' power to dominate, exploit, and sometimes corrupt societies. These network groups are not opposed to trade, private enterprise, or modernization; they just want these pursuits on terms that recognize certain values. They are repelled by violence. Still, they believe global companies hurt, more than help, people, and that poverty and corporate tyranny fertilize the soil from which fanaticism grows.
Kevin Kelly, the former executive editor of Wired magazine and the author of Out of Control: The New Biology of A4acleines,Social Systems and the Economic World (Perseus, i995),suggests that radical Islam could come to play a role similar to that of Communism. The Communist movement around the world served to organize opposition to Western capitalism and give hope to the oppressed, however misplaced. Today in the Islamic world, America is seen as the source of poverty and powerlessness, while radical Islam is seen as the strongest opponent of American power, and the source of an alternative vision of better life. For American citizens, the violent extreme of radical Islam has become, like Communism before it, the nightmare that organizes our darkest fears.
The United States calls itself the land of freedom and democracy, but, argues Benjamin Barber, author of Jihad vs. McWorld: How Globalism and Tribalism are Reshaping the World (Ballantine Books, t996), it supports an often oppressive and undemocratic international order. Institutions like the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, and the WTO all function behind closed doors, where the United States and its brethren control the world economy. America has opposed efforts to increase transparency of the system and broaden participation in it. The U.S. government has opposed several new treaties covering issues like global climate change, war crimes, and even biological weapons. Many who challenge American power see the country as reserving democracy and freedom for itself.
If these interpretations of political reality are valid, we can glimpse where the geopolitical future may be headed. If radical Islam is the new Communism, we may be in for a long and ugly war. This scenario involves a world of perpetual conflict with no winners. As atrocities on both sides feed on each other, the dividing lines become deeper and wider in an ever more﷓terrible cycle of violence.
If Mr. Hawken and Mr. Barber are right, there are at least two possibilities. In the best of all possible worlds, democratic governance would begin to emerge globally. Existing institutions would become more transparent and democratic. New institutions would be created to better regulate common elements like the air and the oceans, and to establish appropriate global rules of behavior for corporations.
But one has no trouble imagining another scenario, in which the United States refuses to surrender any sovereignty and acts unilaterally in its own interests. In such a rogue superpower scenario, the reception for U.S. companies around the world will become chilly indeed, as the world lines up to resist American hegemony. Sympathy for any new horrors inflicted upon the United States will be very limited, and cheers will be heard in Paris and Rome, as well as in the back streets of Gaza and Karachi.
PETER ScHwaarz, chairman of the Global Business Network, is also a partner at the venture capital firm Alta Partners. Previously he headed scenario planning for Royal Dutch/Shell in London. Write to letters

@_date: 2001-11-21 08:08:53
@_author: e.g., Dallas Semi iButton 
@_subject: Re: Carnivore To Get "Magic Lantern" 
MAGIC LANTERN installs so-called keylogging software on a suspect's
machine that is capable of capturing keystrokes typed on a computer. By tracking
exactly what a suspect types, critical encryption key information can be
gathered, and then transmitted back to the FBI, according to the source, who
requested anonymity.
      The virus can be sent to the suspect via e-mail perhaps sent for the
FBI by a trusted friend or relative. The FBI can also use common vulnerabilities
to break into a suspect's computer and insert Magic Lantern, the source said.
      Magic Lantern is one of a series of enhancements currently being
developed for the FBI's Carnivore project, the source said, under the umbrella
project name of Cyber Knight.
Possible countermeasures:
1. Air gap - run your pgp client from a machine which is never connected to the net
2. Add ID token (e.g., Dallas Semi iButton) support to gpg

@_date: 2001-11-24 03:15:33
@_author: GPS 
@_subject: Passive three dimensional track of non-cooperative targets 
US Pat. 6,232,922 Passive three dimensional track of non-cooperative targets through opportunistic use of global positioning system (GPS) and GLONASS signals A method and apparatus for utilization of GPS, GLONASS or other existing RF signals is disclosed. These existing RF signals are scattered by targets, with a receiver of these scattered signals providing processing to extract three dimensional track of these objects. Angle-of-Arrival (AOA) information of a received signal may be used, but is not required. Modifications of standard GPS signal processing allows observables such as range-sum, range-difference, and bistatic Doppler frequency to be observed. These observables, when coupled with standard bistatic/multistatic location equations, provide unambiguous and even redundant information on target coordinates. The method/device employs a modified code (range)/carrier(Doppler) search routine for initial target search/acquisition, wherein a direct path signal is used as a reference from which chip delay and Doppler shift excursions are examined. In this manner, the range and Doppler components observed will correspond to [rang!
e-sum-direct path] range, and true bistatic target Doppler irrespective of the satellite or receiver induced Doppler shifts.

@_date: 2001-12-08 04:33:09
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: WSJ again touts 802.11 as an emerging open solution to wireless 
High-Tech Hobbyists Develop
Internet Links for the 'Masses'
By PUI-WING TAM and SCOTT THURM
Staff Reporters of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
ASPEN, Colo. -- Jim Selby clambered up a ladder onto the roof of a
four-story office building here to survey his little alternate empire.
"I've got one on top of there," he said, pointing to a distant rooftop, "and
one there, too." Mr. Selby was speaking of all the gray antennas dotting the
skyline, broadcasting Internet access all over town. The service is fast and
free, which makes Mr. Selby, who put up the towers, a bit of a
"I've got Aspen nailed!" says Mr. Selby, 35 years old, as he gestures at a
dozen antennas atop low-rise buildings. "I've opened the network up to the
Some of the nation's big corporations have racked up billions of dollars in
losses trying to bring high-speed Internet access to all who might want it.
But the 6-foot-4 Mr. Selby, an avowed ski bum, is doing it in his own small
way with a combination of Russian military-surplus antennas and electronic
parts from a hardware store. His antennas allow anyone in a 45-square-mile
area around Aspen with a computer and a $120 plug-in card to surf the Web
over the airwaves free at speeds 30 times as fast as with a standard modem.
Mr. Selby is a wireless guerrilla, one of several hobbyists around the
nation who are building shoestring wireless networks out of such materials
as potato-chip cans and rubber hoses. They are doing so by piggybacking free
of charge on the premium high-speed Internet connections that telecom and
cable companies provide to many homes and businesses for as much as $1,000 a
month. Even so, Mr. Selby, who eventually aims to charge for access to his
network, says he hasn't encountered any resistance from providers of such
high-speed links, who don't seem worried about his plans.
Mr. Selby and fellow guerrillas now operating in cities such as New York,
Portland, Ore., and Seattle are defying the conventional wisdom that
building high-speed networks is complex and costly. Their secret is a
technology known in technical lingo as 802.11b, or Wi-Fi. It was never
intended for public Internet access. Using the same unlicensed radio
spectrum as microwave ovens and baby monitors, it was designed primarily to
transmit signals for 300 to 400 feet in wireless corporate computer networks
and from a phone line to a laptop. But history is full of unscripted
uprisings just like this, in which people take an existing technology off
the shelf and put it to an unanticipated use.
It doesn't take much time or money to set up an 802.11b network. "All that's
involved is a simple geek factor," says Bruce Potter, a wireless guerrilla
in Leesburg, Va., who estimates it cost him $500 in cables, wireless cards
and other equipment to create a wireless node atop his house. "I've built
three or four other antennas so far using Pringles cans, and that cost me
about $4."
Many of the guerrillas have adopted a crusading tone about their work. "I
want bandwidth to be as free as air," says Rob Flickenger, who founded a
free wireless network in Sebastopol, Calif. Bandwidth is the capacity to
carry data; broadband is used to describe connections that are faster than
conventional modems. Kevin Rich, a Denver-based proponent of free wireless
networks, adds: "We want to make it a people's movement."
Wireless guerrillas could face trouble from their own Internet-service
providers for allowing nonsubscribers to tap in, but so far nobody has
bothered them because of the small number of users involved. Shaun Gilmore,
executive vice president of Qwest Communications International Inc., which
provides local phone service and high-speed Internet access in Aspen, says
the wireless guerrillas are "creative people developing creative ways" to
make high-speed Internet access available. Building an 802.11b network to
piggyback on a high-speed Internet line is "not technically illegal," Mr.
Gilmore says in a statement, but adds that it can slow the Internet
Mr. Selby began investigating wireless technologies a few years ago. Through
word of mouth, he found a wireless-equipment supplier in Solon, Ohio, from
whom he bought two surplus Russian military antennas for a total of $700. At
an Aspen hardware store, he picked up a length of rubber hose to protect the
wiring. Then he placed the antennas, which he nicknamed "the Ruskis," on an
office building owned by some friends and atop his own townhouse.
When Mr. Selby flipped the switch in August 1999, not much happened. "We
didn't know squat," he says. But after making a few adjustments, he had a
faint signal between his house and the office building. His friends' office
was connected to a T-1 line, a direct, high-speed link to the Internet. He
had created wireless coverage in a 13-block area. That gave him an idea: Why
not deliver the Internet to everybody in town?
Mr. Selby quickly sold his house in Detroit and plowed $80,000 into
broadening the network. He began scouting out locations for other antennas.
Last year, a former high-tech executive who lived in a mountaintop home gave
him permission to put up an antenna in exchange for free wireless service.
That increased the network's wireless coverage by five square miles. Mr.
Selby soon made the same barter deal with other mountaintop residents.
Word of the free network began spreading. Bill Gurley, a partner at
Benchmark Capital, a Silicon Valley venture-capital firm, and Sky Dayton,
founder of Internet-service provider Earthlink, unexpectedly tapped into Mr.
Selby's network while in Aspen for a conference earlier this year. Mr.
Dayton opened his laptop in his hotel room and found he could choose from
four guerrilla wireless networks, including Mr. Selby's, to reach the
Internet. "I was floored," Mr. Dayton says.
Other entrepreneurs are launching companies to offer small-scale Internet
access via 802.11b in airports, hotels and coffee shops. And some think the
technology could be harnessed to offer commercial high-speed Internet access
to homes and offices. These developments could conceivably spell trouble for
long-delayed "third-generation" cellphone networks, which are to offer
high-speed data services in addition to voice.
Security is an issue, as some companies using 802.11b discovered when
hackers tapped their corporate networks. Mr. Dayton says he can detect a
neighbor's 802.11b network when he logs on at his Los Angeles home. You
can't prevent people from picking up the signal, which is why Mr. Dayton
sees his neighbor's network, but you can encrypt the traffic so they can't
read it. Most experts think the problem can be circumvented.
For the past few months, Mr. Selby has been concentrating on scraping
together more cash to expand the network, which he says has attracted about
70 free users, including 10 regulars. He plans to augment his 13 antennas
with three more by the end of the year. To raise cash, he sold the wireless
network in August for $120,000 to a small Aspen company called Broadband
West. Mr. Selby, who still runs the network, says he and Broadband West hope
to start charging an unspecified fee for the wireless access sometime next
year. When the network shows up on somebody's laptop, the person will be
directed to a Web page and asked to provide a credit-card number and pay a
Write to Pui-Wing Tam at puiwing.tam and Scott Thurm at

@_date: 2002-01-17 06:15:43
@_author: IS-59a 
@_subject: IS-59a CDMA security flaw (was: NSA crippling of crypto makes 
Indeed they may be.  The 196 European Patent EP0752772A2 of James A Reeds, assigned to AT&T details one of the major IS59a cryptogrphic flaws the following passage of the Summary section:
"A previously unrecognized problem with the cryptographic system that is specified by the (IS-59a) Draft Standard is that it permits an eavesdropper to easily and quickly cryptanalyze transmissions encrypted according to the Draft Standard and thereby gain access to the substance of the transmission The forward traffic charnel described in the Draft Standard calls for encrypting an input voice or data signal prior to transmission with a key signal. The Draft Standard also specifies that the input signal be combined with the long code sequence in an Exclusive-OR (i.e., mod 2 addition) function to produce an encrypted output signal.
The Draft Standard calls for generating the long code sequence from a publicly known sequence and a private 42-bit pattern, known as the long code mask. The publicly available sequence is placed in what can be conceptualized as a linear shift register The output of the linear shift register is combined with the bits of the long code mask The linear nature of the combination causes the long code sequence to depend linearly on the bits of the private long code mask. This enables an eavesdropper to decrypt a wireless communication with access to 42 bits of the long code sequence The eavesdropper could use the bits from the long code sequence to create 42 linear equations that depend on the 42 unknown bits of the long code mask. However, the Draft Standard does not call for direct transmission of the bits of the long code sequence. Rather, an ExclusiveOR function combines the bits of the long code sequence with the unknown input signal thus corrupting the bits of the long code s!
equence. This should diminish the chances that an eavesdropper will successfully cryptanalyze a transmission. This is not the case with the Draft Standard because of the way that the input signal is processed to form frames of 384 bits for error correction.
An eavesdropper can cryptanalyze a transmission by recognizing relationships among the last sixteen bits in each frame of the input signal. Specifically, the eavesdropper car combine selected bits of the input signal from the last sixteen bits in each frame so as to produce modulo2 sums of zero. By adding (mod 2) the bits of the output signal such that the sum of the corresponding input bits is zero, the eavessdropper can obtain data that represent combinations of bits of the long code sequence. Essentially, the eavesdropper can cancel the effect of the input signal on the output signal. Each bit of the long code sequence is linearly dependent on the 42 bits of the long code mask. Thus, the eavesdropper can combine known bits of the output signal to create equations that are linearly dependent on the bits of the long code mask. Successive frames of data yield 42 equations so as to allow decryption of the communication within less than a second after the communication commenc!

@_date: 2002-01-08 02:06:29
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Judge Refuses to Dismiss Tax Payer Lawsuit Against Bank of 
Judge Refuses to Dismiss Tax Payer Lawsuit Against Bank of America
Irwin Schiff who is regarded by many as being the Nation's leading authority
on the income tax is suing the Bank of America for triple damages for
turning over approximately $8,000 of his money to the IRS in response to a
Notice a Levy.  Third parties, such as banks and employers, that turn over
bank accounts and wages to the IRS in response to IRS Notices of Levy are
used to having suits brought against them for doing so summarily dismissed.
That was not the case on November 13, 2001 in Clark County District Court,
Las Vegas, Nevada.

@_date: 2002-01-07 02:26:04
@_author: was  Re: FOI- Arizona Stadium Tax Nazis 
@_subject: New rallying cry (was  Re: FOI- Arizona Stadium Tax Nazis) 
Thanks for posting. I've forwarded it and copied the board members,
as a courtesy:
I'm one of those who believes there may be something to the claims that Secretary Knox perjured himself when he told Congress that the 16th Amendment had been properly ratified.  I've recently come up with this eerily familiar rallying cry.
"No taxation without re-ratification".

@_date: 2002-01-08 02:41:24
@_author: MD 
@_subject: End of the IRS?? 
What:    Department of Justice U.S. Assistant Attorney Dan Bryant and Congressman Roscoe Bartlett (MD) signed a written agreement on July 20, 2001, for a recorded public hearing at which DOJ representatives will officially answer specific legal charges challenging the jurisdiction of the IRS and the illegal enforcement of U.S. income tax laws against U.S. citizens. IRS Commissioner Charles Rossotti has committed IRS representatives to participate. When:    2 full days, February 27th and 28th, 2002. Your early donation is greatly appreciated. Where:    From Capitol Hill, Washington, D.C., WebCast to any computer with Internet access, connection speed, on PC or Mac computer. Participants:    We The People Delegates, Tax Researchers and Attorneys will interrogate legal and tax experts from the DOJ and IRS.

@_date: 2002-02-06 01:22:18
@_author: 1927 
@_subject: re: What Kind Of Government...... 
Further support for my contention that current court opinions still leave legal wiggle room for tax protesters on their 1040 filings.
      In United States v. Sullivan, 274 U.S. 259 (1927), the Court held that the privilege against compulsory self-incrimination is not a defense to prosecution for failing to file a return at all. But the Court indicated that the privilege could be claimed against specific disclosures sought on a return, saying:
If the form of return provided called for answers that the defendant was privileged from making he could have raised the objection in the return, but could not on that account refuse to make any return at all. Id. at 263.{3} [424 U.S. 651]
      Had Garner invoked the privilege against compulsory self-incrimination on his tax returns in lieu of supplying the information used against him, the Internal Revenue Service could have proceeded in either or both of two ways. First, the Service could have sought to have Garner criminally prosecuted under § 7203 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (Code), 26 U.S.C. § 7203, which proscribes, among other things, the willful failure to make a return.{4} Second, the Service could have sought to complete Garner's returns administratively "from [its] own knowledge and from such information as [it could] obtain through testimony or otherwise." 26 U.S.C. § 6020(b)(1). Section 7602(2) of the Code authorizes the Service in such circumstances to summon the taxpayer to appear and to produce records or give testimony. 26 [424 U.S. 652] U.S.C. § 7602(2).{5} If Garner had persisted in his claim when summoned, the Service could have sued for enforcement in district court, subjecting G!
ner to the threat of the court's contempt power. 26 U.S.C. § 7604.{6}
      Given Sullivan, it cannot fairly be said that taxpayers are "volunteers" when they file their tax returns. The Government compels the filing of a return much as it compels, for example, the appearance of a "witness"{7} before a grand jury. The availability to the Service of § 7203 prosecutions and the summons procedure also induces taxpayers to disclose unprivileged information on their [424 U.S. 653] returns. The question, however, is whether the Government can be said to have compelled Garner to incriminate himself with regard to specific disclosures made on his return when he could have claimed the Fifth Amendment privilege instead.
Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise

@_date: 2002-02-05 08:11:39
@_author: your signed tax forms are testimony 
@_subject: Re: What Kind Of Government...... 
people, lock, stock and barrel, in deference to "We The People"? Why, the same government that would hoodwink "We The Sheople" into paying that which is referred to as Federal Income Tax when there is no such law that requires the sheople in the 50 united States to pay such an exorbitant tax - just like there is no law that requires them to give up their fifth amendment right and sign a form 1040......... THAT'S WHAT GOVERNMENT!!!!!  Yes, its quite curious that one is compelled to give testimony (your signed tax forms are testimony) against one's self.  The U.S. Supreme Court held as early as 1927 in United States v. Sullivan 174 U.S. 259 (1927), that a taxpayer could not refuse to file a federal income tax return because of the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination. The Supreme Court adhered to the Sullivan principle in Garner v. United States, 424 U.S. 648 (1976). The requirement that a taxpayer include information on the tax return concerning income does not, by itself, violate the self-incrimination clause of the Fifth Amendment as the court noted in United States v. Daly, 481 F.2d 28 (8th Cir.), cert. denied, 414 U.S. 1064 (1973). This case, as well as others, represents an extension of the holding in Sullivan that a taxpayer must do more than file a blank tax return with little or no information.  This appears to be in complete opposition to all their other holdings of the privilege.  For example, one can take the stand in any trial and refuse to answer any questions which you deem self-incriminating.
In Swallow v. United States, 325 F.2d 9F (10th Cir. 1963), cert. denied, 377 U.S. 951 (1964), the court held, "It is now well settled that the income tax laws are not unconstitutional under the due process clause of the Fifth Amendment..."
"The Supreme Court has stated that the privilege against self-incrimination, if validly exercised, is an absolute defense to a section 7203 prosecution for failure to file an income tax return. Garner v. United States, supra, 424 U.S. at 662-63, 96 S.Ct. at 1186-1187. The Court has also held, however, that the privilege does not justify an outright refusal to file any income tax return at all. United States v. Sullivan, 274 U.S. 259, 263, 47 S.Ct. 607, 71 L.Ed. 1037 (1927). Furthermore, an objection may properly be raised only in response to specific questions asked in the return. Id. See Garner v. United States, 501 F.2d 228, 239 n.18 (9th Cir. 1974) (en banc), aff'd Garner v. United States, supra, 424 U.S. 648, 96 S.Ct. 1178, 47 L.Ed.2d 370.
"We are here faced with a case in which the taxpayer did assert his privilege in response to specific questions in the tax return form, but did so on such a wholesale basis as to deny the IRS any useful financial or tax information. Other circuits, faced with similar wholesale assertions of the privilege against self-incrimination, have concluded that a tax return form which contains no information from which tax liability can be calculated does not constitute a tax return within the meaning of the IRS laws. Once these courts determine that the taxpayer has filed no return, simple application of the Sullivan precedent, which states that the Fifth Amendment will never justify a complete failure to file a return, invalidates the Fifth Amendment defense. E. g., United States v. Irwin, 561 F.2d 198, 201 (10th Cir. 1977), cert. denied, 434 U.S. 1012, 98 S.Ct. 725, 54 L.Ed.2d 755 (1978); United States v. Silkman, 543 F.2d 1218, 1219-20 (8th Cir. 1976) (per curiam), cert. denied, 4!
 U.S. 919, 97 S.Ct. 2185, 53 L.Ed.2d 230 (1977); United States v. Daly, 481 F.2d 28, 30 (8th Cir.) (per curiam), cert. denied, 414 U.S. 1064, 94 S.Ct. 571, 38 L.Ed.2d 469 (1973)."
So, its apparent that even though you must file a return which contains some information from which tax liability can be calculated you can still assert your 5th Amendment rights by refusing to provide certain, even substantial, information, as long as its so noted.  There seems to be no required method of denoting your method of assertion and it appears it can be quite non-obvious to the IRS data entry people and still pass muster.  So, unless you are audited the IRS will be unaware of the 5th Amendment assertion and if they do audit you can bring it to their attention without fear of prosecution for filing a false return.  Be prepared however for the IRS to prosecute you for filing a frivolous return, a misdemeanor, as a means of harassment.
Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise

@_date: 2002-02-18 05:06:54
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: NYTimes.com Article: U.S. Companies File in Bermuda to Slash 
This article from NYTimes.com has been sent to you by mean-green
I find it difficult to see why citizens should be treated any different then corporations whe it comes to their ability to shelter offshore income from the IRS.  Some in fact engage in "buy-back" transactions but they must be very careful at tax time.
U.S. Companies File in Bermuda to Slash Tax Bills
February 18, 2002 By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON
A growing number of American companies are incorporating in
Bermuda to lower their taxes sharply without giving up the
benefits of doing business in the United States.
HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters
or other creative advertising opportunities with The
New York Times on the Web, please contact
onlinesales or visit our online media
kit at For general information about NYTimes.com, write to help  Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company

@_date: 2002-02-26 01:21:20
@_author: Helsinki, Finland 
@_subject: Hacker threat looms for mobile handsets 
CANNES, France — Mischief that has caused cell phones to go haywire in Europe and Japan could be just the beginning. The hacker underground has ordered a hit on the mobile phone platform, industry leaders warned at the 3GSM World Congress here this week.
An underground Web news service has issued a call to arms, said Ari Hypponen, chief technology officer at F-Secure Corp. (Helsinki, Finland), which designs security software for servers, gateways and mobile devices. He quoted the hackers as saying, "Let's go to work. We are starting 'Cell Phone Challenge.' " Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise

@_date: 2002-03-15 16:18:19
@_author: R-6-MD 
@_subject: End of the IRS??   --  Bartlett dodges DoJ bullet 
[Clearly Roscoe came under such DoJ pressure that he was forced to look for an out.  So now, with no hearings the topic once again drops from public view.  Want to bet Bartlett somehow receives no information requests on this topic and the IRS is free to continue with business as usual and no questions answered?]
Bartlett Cancels February 27-28, 2002 Tax Policy Forum   Dismayed by Operation Wait to File until the Trial
Washington, DC  Congressman Roscoe G. Bartlett (R-6-MD) today canceled a tax policy forum scheduled for February 27 and 28, 2002. I am quite dismayed by Operation Wait to File until the Trial, said Bartlett. Bartlett communicated his decision in a letter to Robert L. Schulz, Chairman of the Board of We The People Foundation for Constitutional Education, Inc. who had requested the forum. A copy of the letter is attached. The information that you are currently disseminating concerning the February 27 & 28 forum is misleading, Bartlett wrote in the letter to Schulz. I will not be a party to advocating the non-payment of federal income taxes, said Bartlett. In the letter, Bartlett noted that your [Bob Schulz] rhetoric has made it impossible for the forum to take place because the Internal Revenue Service and Department of Justice will not participate. Congressman Bartlett said that he remains committed to ensuring the right of Bob Schulz and other citizens to exercise their constitutional rights under the First Amendment to get answers to their questions about federal tax policy from the government. Bartlett offered as the alternative, to forward Schulz questions to both the Justice Department and Internal Revenue Service for responses and to subsequently post both the questions and responses on his congressional website.
January 17, 2002
Mr. Robert L. Schulz
We The People Foundation for
Constitutional Education, Inc.
2458 Ridge Road Queensbury, New York 12804
Sent Via Fax: 518-656-9724
Dear Bob:
I am quite dismayed by the tone of your rhetoric on your web page-- Wait to File Until the Trial. When I first met you in July of 2001, you seemed to want answers to questions regarding the legitimacy of the 16th Amendment to the Constitution. As a congressman who believes and follows the Constitution, you found a willing ear. In the numerous meetings that followed, I never advocated the non-payment of income taxes. You were quick to agree and assured me that you never took this position as well.
The information that you are currently disseminating concerning the February 27 & 28 forum is misleading. While I remain committed to making every effort so that you can exercise your constitutional right to get answers to your questions, your rhetoric has made it impossible for the forum to take place because the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and the Department of Justice (DOJ) will not participate. This is the alternative. I do not believe that IRS and DOJ will refuse to answer my questions. Please send the questions that you and your team developed to my Washington, D.C. office. I will refer them to the appropriate individuals at the IRS and the DOJ to respond. Since I know that there are thousands of people across this nation who want answers to similar questions, I will post both the questions and answers on my congressional web site.
In any future statements regarding my support please be sure that it is clear that I am supporting your constitutional rights and not that I am advocating not filing and not paying taxes. ROSCOE G. BARTLETT
Member of Congress Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-04-02 18:35:50
@_author: i.e., a lack of negative comments 
@_subject: re: Reputable E-Gold Funded Debit Cards? 
I've been monitoring the e-gold discussion list for some time and this guy appears to be legit (i.e., a lack of negative comments).  I have not purchased from him, but am considering obtaining one of these.  Would be most interested in your experience should you decide to go ahead.
Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-05-01 22:12:35
@_author: that is its unmodified 
@_subject: re: Satellite Hacking Article Now Free 
Seems to me that oneof the keys to permanently unlocking sat TV is to do away with the vendor's receiver.  From my novice perspective, it seems many or most of the attacks against pirate devices are based on the assumption that the pirate must still have a set-top box which is still, indirectly, under control of the service provider (that is its unmodified).  What if an affordable software based radio replaced the set-top box and the smart card functionality?  It would seem to me that 3M (Three Musketeer) attacks, wherein one or more legal purchasers of the service broadcast in real-time the required stream decryption codes over ICQ/IRQ to all the other SDR boxes.  This must have been thought of or already tried.  What am I missing Peter?
Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-06-06 15:54:27
@_author: 1 
@_subject: Re: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
far, I don't have it on DVD.
control purposes.
I use for archiving purposes), and definitely inferior to analog laserdisc,
which had a thriving market but is now almost extinct (a nice side-effect being
that titles are now available for $5-10 and there are some which will never
make it to DVD).
aside, average consumer got only new expense with DVDs - buying a player.
[The following video data snippets are from the excellent hobbyist video site   Many foreign contributors, some with only passable English skills.]]
The official (legal) resolutions for optical media are: 720 X 576 (480 NTSC). Used by most DVD. 704 X 576 (480 NTSC). Used by some DVD 480 X 576 (480 NTSC). Used by SVCD 352 X 576 (480 NTSC). Used by DVD and China Video Disc (CVD). It is also the "official" SVHS resolution. 352 X 288 (240 NTSC). Used by VCD and DVD. It is also the "official" VHS resolution The official names for those resolutions, come from US and there are defined like this: 720 X 576 (480 NTSC): CCIR-601, Full PAL/NTSC Studio resolution. 704 X 576 (480 NTSC) as 1/1 D1 or simply as D1(Sometimes this resolution is 702 X 576/480). It is the TV Broadcast resolution 528 X 576 (480 NTSC) as 3/4 D1. It is supposed to be the Laser Disc resolution, but ain't. I'll explain later 480 X 576 (480 NTSC) as 2/3 D1. It is the SVCD resolution. 352 X 576 (480 NTSC) as 1/2 D1. Used by DVD and CVD The VCD resolution is 352 X 288 (240 NTSC) and it is called CIF- 601. In Europe and especially Far East Asia, people tend to use other names to describe the legal DVD - Video resolutions.
704 X 576 as D1 352 X 576 as D2 352 X 288 as D4 704 X 288 as D3. The official Laserdisc resolution is 528 X 576/480, but many titles in US, after 1990, are using the 544 X 480 resolution. That happened because the first "cheap" video projectors in US, were using the VGA standard for video in. Of course, those machines were for professional use with PCs. But with the use of special (and cheap) connectors/adaptors or the "famous" VGA - out connection of specific Laserdiscs, it was possible for the very first time, for US video enthusiast, to have big picture at there houses. It was the only true solution for the first home theatres (the term "home cinema" came later...). Unfortunately, VGA is not based on CCIR-601, so a picture adaption is needed (VGA is 640 X 480). In other words, the picture aspect was wrong and always a part or some parts of the picture was not in use. Because of Laser Disc limitations, the use of pan and scan method (like DVD - Video) wasn't possible. The only solution without compatibility problems and no cost, was to "upgrade" the Laserdisc resolution, unofficially, to 544 X 480.
In Europe, the success of Laserdisc was minimal, so the few released PAL titles, continue to use the official resolution for PAL (528 X 576). In theory, there is a 544 X 576, but I never saw a PAL laserdisc using this resolution. The DVB/ -s -t -c resolutions The DVB transmissions became mainstream in Europe in 1996 and today are mainstream in US too. In the last five years, the European Union (E.U.), forced all television and radio providers of E.U. Members, to turn their services digital. So, except Germany and partly France (where the interest for analog satellite TV still is huge), everything today is digital.
DVB is based on mpeg 2 (like DVD) and supports resolutions from full CIRR - 601 (top quality) to CIF (lowest quality). Any resolution between those limits can be a DVB picture resolution, with any bitrate/size. The correct output picture aspect is accomplished by the use of the pan and scan method, which takes place between the Digital/Analog conversion, before the final picture signal goes to our TV/Videoprojector. Some DVB examples: - The Holland channels Canal+ Rood and Canal+Blauw (Astra 1G - 19.2 East), are transmitting in full CCIR 601 resolution with VBR bitrate up to 15000kb/s (!). That is BETTER a standard DVD video. - TMF for Belgium and MTV Italy, both on Eutelsat W2 (16 East) are transmitting in full D1 resolution and bitrates up to 7500kb/s - The MTV/VH1 Channels on Astra 1G, are using 544 X 576. - Viva TV on Astra 1G and Onyx TV on Hotbird 3, are using 480 X 576. 352 X 576 is very common at almost all the Italian Free To Air music channels on Hotbird satellite series. An example of very low picture resolution, is the Cnes channel (Hotbird 5, 13 east, Freq: 12558, S.R. 27500, F.E.C. 3/4). This channel transmits 352 X 288 with CBR bitrate up to?. 700kb/s!!!). The known DVB resolutions till today in Europe are: 720 X 576, 704 X 576, 544 X 576, 528 X 576, 480 X 576, 352 X 576 and 352 X 288. Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-06-05 20:15:23
@_author: 2-3 per movie average 
@_subject: RE: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
nothing more than to force you to to rebuy your visual media *again*, but
they don't have to. I'll bet dollars to donuts that you've rebought some of
your VCR tapes as DVDs. Whey wouldn't the MPAA think they can
make you do it over?
Tim may be willing or able to repurchase his movie collection but many are not.  I've "backed" up all of the movies I have on VHS onto CDs (2-3 per movie average) from DVD in a high quality format called SVCD.  As soon as my budget allows I'll be a DVD burn'in fool.
Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-07-08 22:47:13
@_author: Re: Artists 
@_subject: Re: movie distribution post copyright (Re: Artists) 
but pre DVD/VHS relase) are not generally available in high quality
format, suitable for projecting.
As you note later, most recent releases to the Net are often lower quality 'cams' shot with consumer quality camcorders.  But not all.  A number of individuals or groups have managed to consistantly create and distribute VHS or better releases.  While not DVD in quality on smaller screens (say below 27-inches) they are more than adequate, sometimes better than the average quality of analog cable reception.  See  for recent releases and quality ratings.
Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-07-29 05:42:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: re: How to Defeat DVD Zone Controls 
Most players cannot be hacked.  And many hacks do not operate properly.  How about just rent or borrow DVDs, reprocess to remove the region controls and reburn to a DVD-R?  DVD-Rs are only about $1.25 or less each.  Test burn on a DVD-RW to help prevent expensive coasters. See Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-08-06 23:14:57
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: NYTimes.com Article: The Memory Hole 
This article from NYTimes.com has been sent to you by mean-green
Increasing comparisons in NYT to Bush admin and 1984 tactics.
The Memory Hole
August 6, 2002
By PAUL KRUGMAN Every government tries to make excuses for its past errors,
but I don't think any previous U.S. administration has been
this brazen about rewriting history to make itself look
good. HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters or other creative advertising opportunities with The New York Times on the Web, please contact
onlinesales or visit our online media kit at For general information about NYTimes.com, write to help  Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company
