
@_date: 2002-02-08 03:32:43
@_author: mellivora@capensis.org 
@_subject: Re: Too All 
(further earnestness snipped)
Poor Jimmy. Can't recognise a troll when it's
right in front of him...
~Special Agent Mellivora Capensis,
aka "Ratel" aka "Honey" aka "That Fucking Bitch"
aka (redacted)
Safe-email.net (SSL) -

@_date: 2002-02-10 22:04:07
@_author: mellivora@capensis.org 
@_subject: RE: Cruel and unusual punishment 
Sure, but as any member of a Mossad Kidon worth
his (or her) salt can tell you, the real trick
lies in making a death look like a result
of "natural causes". If the killer was skillful
to the point that nobody can even recognize it
an assassination, I'd call that a success.
As someone I knew who used to work for the US
government once told me, the only "perfect crime"
is the one for which you aren't even a suspect.
Perfectly sound reasoning--and if he knew this as
a civilian there's no reason on this earth to
think he would forget it the minute he signed up
at the DO. Absolutely. Which is why the ex-military white
trash lowlifes hired by CIA to do wetwork wrap
themselves in patriotism, the finest "just cause"
of all. I know those qualifiers are going to sound a
little harsh but if you ever met one you'd know
what I mean. I don't mean to imply they aren't genuinely and sincerely patriotic, either. They
are. Which makes the whole enterprise even
Drug lords, mobsters and government security
agencies all know assassination is pretty damn
close to "uncontrolled" right now. It's only
these fatass cerebral couch potato commandos and schizoid tech nerds who don't have the skills
and/or courage of their convictions to actually
put down the snackycakes, get off the fucking
couch and make something happen who think AP is
anything to write home about. There's not a doubt
in my mind people use encryption to facilitate
assasinations as it is. AP is just a loser's wet
dream: "what if we weren't so abysmally impotent!"
"what if someone paid attention to me!" "What if
I could use the four bucks my mother gave me to
KILLL someone who said something I didn't like on
a mailing list!" Fucking pathetic.
Government assassins don't share this motivation. What this implies about your use of the
word "most" remains to be seen. "When badgers fight, then everyone's a foe." --John Clare.
Safe-email.net (SSL) -
