
@_date: 2012-11-30 18:25:42
@_author: Miles Fidelman 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
Well put Barry.  Or, as Ben Franklin put it: "They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety."
Miles Fidelman*

@_date: 2012-11-29 23:23:13
@_author: Miles Fidelman 
@_subject: Re: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if you can. 
Ummm... you might be liable under your service agreement with your ISP.  Most of these have all kinds of restrictive clauses re. not letting others use your connection, copyright infringement, assumption of liability, yada, yada, yada.  We all violate these, all the time, but there are times when that might catch up with someone.
You may have a civil liability to secure your wireless under the terms-of-service agreement with your Internet provider.  Well, maybe not to "secure your wireless" but to prevent unauthorized use of your connection to the service provider - which could be accomplished in other ways.
Miles Fidelman

@_date: 2013-02-21 18:39:13
@_author: Miles Fidelman 
@_subject: Re: NYT covers China cyberthreat 
Not to be pedantic, but I thought the list was about network operations - and
as much (or more) about practice, than about "cutting edge stuff." (Well
maybe a little pedantic.)
 From an operational point of view, unless I'm an exceptionally high-value
target, I'm more likely to be threatened by the B-team (or C-team), than A-team (recognizing, of course, that what the A-team is doing today, is what the
script kiddies will be doing tomorrow).
Miles Fidelman

@_date: 2013-02-21 12:23:46
@_author: Miles Fidelman 
@_subject: Re: NYT covers China cyberthreat 
Anybody happen to notice that the report sounds awfully like the scenario laid out in Tom Clancy's latest book, "Threat Vector?"

@_date: 2013-10-20 13:12:39
@_author: Miles Fidelman 
@_subject: Re: In Over My Head -- What do I need to setup a tiny ISP? 
A key question: is this going to be a commercial service run as a
business, or an internal operation like a campus network?  The
operations aren't that different, but the scope and organiation can be
Another key question:  Are you focusing just on the infrastructure
(wireless IP) or will you be providing email, hosting services, and so
I admit that your query raised my interest, so I did a little looking,
and found this:
A guide put together by the "First Nations Technology Council" - on how
to put together an ISP on tribal lands in Canada - which might be
somewhat analogous to your situation.  It's somewhat basic, but gives an
overview - then you can start looking into the individual topics it
talks about.  You might drop them an email.
There's also been a lot of work on US tribal reservations that might
apply - you'll have to do some googling to find resources.
Now the guy you really want to talk to is Dave Hughes, of Big Sky
Telegraph - who used to do a lot of network building for rural areas in
the US and remote areas around the world - unfortunately he's long
retired - but two sources you could look at that might give you a lot
of background:
 (which now seems to lead to the Dillon
Center of Excellence, focusing on best practices for rural America,
including networking)
There used to be an "Association for Community Networking" - folks
involved in building cooperative local networks (used to be a lot of
what I was involved in the 1990s) but that kind of activity has dried up
as more and more commercial players entered the market. And an
"Organization for Community Networks" ( - but their web
site seems to be kind of dead (some useful links, though).  If you
google "community network" you'll find a buch of current operations -
and you might want to contact some of them.
There are also a growing number of community mesh networks in various
places - WikiPedia's page on
 might be a good
starting point.  There's also an association of wireless ISPs
Then there's this guy:  - who seems to
have written a book on "so you want to be an ISP" - can't say anything
about how good it is.
Or.. you might just go looking for other ISPs in Nigeria (of which there
are quite a few) and see if you can get some advice (amazing what you
can learn over a few beers).  Maybe contact the networking people at the
nearest college or university.  I don't know what it's like in Nigeria,
but in the US, the academic community was really active in getting a lot
of early ISPs started - particularly in smaller communities.
One other thought: there are quite a few software packages floating
around for managing aspects of ISP operations (see
 for starters) - I expect
their user communities (and email lists) would be excellent sources of
Hope this helps.
Miles Fidelman

@_date: 2014-01-27 23:31:15
@_author: Miles Fidelman 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] The crypto behind the blackphone 
so far so good
how do you know it hasn't turned itself on?
you may not be using it, but it could be watching you
