
@_date: 2005-02-16 13:46:04
@_author: mtfSalaam 
@_subject: concerning ncgt 
Hello Friend,
Do not discard this as another unsolicited mail.it was sent specifically to you.And as you read this, do not have a heavy heart, because I believe we all have an appointment with fate and destiny.
For now, you can refer to me as Salaam a merchant from a small middle East country.that is as much personal information as i can divuldge for me for security and safety reasons just incase this email is accidentally delivered to the wrong person or by chance you are disinterested in its content.with subsequent communication i will provide more personal information.
I have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer(cancer of the Esophagus) .It has defiled all forms of medical treatment, and right now (according to medical experts) I only have a few months to live .
I cannot say i have lived my life so well, as i
never really cared for anyone(not even myself) except for my
business. Though I am very rich, I was never
generous. I was always hostile to people and only
focused on my business as that was the only thing I
cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know
that there is more to life than just wanting to have
or make all the money in the world.
If i had a second chance I would live my life a different way
from how I have lived it. Now that God  has called
me, I have willed and given most of my property
and assets to my immediate and extended family
members as well as a few close friends.
I have decided to give alms to charity
organizations, as I want this to be one of the last
good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed
money to some charity organizations in  Romania,
The Balkans,Malaysia and Africa. Now that my health has
deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself
anymore. I once asked members of my family to close one
of my accounts and distribute the money which I have
there to charity organization in India, Bosnia
and Vietnam.but they were deceptive and kept the money to
themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as
they seem not to be content with what I have left
for them.
The last of my money which no one knows of is a
deposit of twenty one million dollars,that I have with in finance Company abroad. I will want you to help me collect this deposit
and dispatch it to charity organizations.you might wonder why i have decided to trust a total stranger.well,my illness and the behaviour of those i call relatives and friends has changed my perspective of life.besides,i have met a lot of people randomly of late who have turned out to be some of the nicest people i ever knew.with the betrayal of my family and my state of health,i really do not have much of a choice,neither do i have a lot of time on my hands.your sincerity and honesty is up to you to prove. to me this  is just a means of initial contact.whether you are worthy of my trust would only be established through subsequent I have set aside some money for you for your time and
effort.please send a reply through this email address with
your contact telephone and fax numbers for more private and confidential
communication.If after reading this you think it is unreal then you can decline a reply,but if your heart tells you this is for real,then i will be glad to hear from you.
God be with you.
