
@_date: 2011-12-08 20:18:02
@_author: mheyman@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] How are expired code-signing certs revoked? 
Um, the real problem is not revoking the root certificate but what
other certificates to temporarily trust in the face of the revoked
root certificate (In the past, I have chosen the simplest to code
option of "none" but with the knowledge that things might break).
In a CRL that contains an element that revokes the CRL signing
certificate, only that element can be assumed to be correct. All other
list elements are suspect.
If a self-signed CA certificate lands in that CA's CRL, then, of
course the self-signed certificate can now be considered compromised.
Either the original private key signed the CRL or the compromising
copy signed it - both cases mean the root private key must be
considered compromised. Of course, the second case means some
malicious entity wanted to crash some piece of code that crashes in
this case. I can't think of another reason the malicious entity would
"out" themselves other than crashing buggy code.
All other elements in that CRL, and, indeed, all CRLs dating back to
the time of the compromise, might be invalid CRL elements. Code I have
written in the past assumed those certificates were invalid even
though they might not be. This was with full knowledge of the possible
but unlikely denial-of-service attack (there are so many better things
one can do with a compromised CA key then issue bad CRLs). Any
CRL-based DoS attack doesn't need to last too long because the CA can
issue new certificates signed with a new key in short order - getting
the new certificates including the new root certificate distributed,
of course, can take more time.
-Michael Heyman
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-03-30 16:15:42
@_author: mheyman@gmail.com 
@_subject: [cryptography]  Key escrow 2012 
by
ets or
So, your second sentence disagrees with your first? In the real but
rapidly changing world that existed back then, if you wanted to export
cryptographic software that used strong keys from the U.S., you needed
key escrow. Or, of course, you could publish a book of your source
code ;-) (although that wasn't proven legal until 1999).
t shirt
What do you mean 'had', I still have the shirt!
No argument on the silliness but if the government hadn't relaxed the
rules and you had a pile of non-U.S. installations of Microsoft
applications (Outlook, IE, and other code using the Microsoft
CryptoAPI) and you wanted strong crypto, then RecoverKey was the
_only_ option. Now, back then, most internationals were happy with the
Microsoft's base cryptographic service provider (512-bit RSA key
exchange, 40-bit RC2, 40-bit RC4, DES(-40?)). Deep Crack was changing
that but then, probably because of Deep Crack, impending rule changes
made RecoverKey almost irrelevant.
I was just using the PGP additional decryption key design as an
example of something that used a similar technique of encrypting the
session key under more than one public key.
As for data leak prevention, that isn't what we other Network
Associates employees heard back then. We were told and used the PGP
ADK thing as if it would help us when we lost our private keys (along
with protecting the company from employees that try to hold data
hostage). I remember trying to get company officers to get their key
shares together to please please please recover my backup encrypted
volume. Alas, I had no success and had to do a few weeks of scrambling
to recover the old fashioned way. I admit I was =A0young, naive, and
tainted by having worked on RecoverKey where the data recovery center
sat in a room with a modem happily waiting for me to recover my own
Yes, RecoverKey was never much more than a commercial grade
proof-of-concept. But, it was well thought out, satisfied a real,
albeit an artificially-created-by-stupid-policy need, and it did work
as advertised.
-Michael Heyman
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2012-03-29 21:48:06
@_author: mheyman@gmail.com 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Key escrow 2012 
Hmm - these are not mutually exclusive.
Back in the mid to late 90s, the last time the U.S. government
required key escrow for international commerce with larger key sizes,
they allowed key escrow systems that were controlled completely by the
company. Specifically, they allowed Trusted Information System's
RecoverKey product (I worked on this one, still have the shirt, and am
not aware of any other similar products available at the time - PGP's
came later and was more onerous to use).
RecoverKey simply wrapped a session key in a corporate public key
appended to the same session key wrapped with the user's public key.
If the U.S. Government wanted access to the data, the only thing they
got was the session key after supplying the key blob and a warrant to
the corporation in question. The U.S. government even allowed us to
sell RecoverKey internationally to corporations that kept their
RecoverKey data recovery centers offshore but agreed to keep them in a
friendly country.
-Michael Heyman
cryptography mailing list
