
@_date: 2004-06-05 12:51:36
@_author: mike ojugbeli 
@_subject: Bonny Light Crude Oil Procurement / Lifting from Nigeria 
Dear Sir,
BROKERAGE / CONSULTANCY SERVICES FOR PROCUREMENT /
LIFTING OF BONNY LIGHT CRUDE OIL FROM NIGERIA.
Our company, MICGBELI INTERNATIONAL, an export/ import
products marketing and consultancy outfit is in
position to consult for you in the areas of crude oil
procurement and lifting from Nigeria.
We understand  that as very functional refining
company or buyer you need, on regular basis, supply of
the above products. We thereby, offer to facilitate
for you Rfinery, or its accreditated buyer, the
procurement and lifting of Bonny light crude oil to be
sold to you by any of the authorised agents of the
Federal Authorities we might loacte from bulk
allocations officially alloted to them.
We shall arrange to locate for you, such authorised
agent/ seller who would give you letter of offer and
sales/purchase contract agreement for your vetting,
amendments and signing. Such agreement would cover two
million barrels shipment per month for a period of one
year, on F.O.B. or Transhipment basis, whichever you
Your company or its buyers, is expected to be offered
a gross discount of US S6.00 per barrel, US S4.00 net
to buyer and US S1.00 each to buyers/ sellers agents
and facilities.
The prospective seller/ supplier is also expected to
issue a 2% performance bond of contract value to your
bankers on receipt of a letter of commitment from
buyers bank to sellers bank confiring ability to pay
for the product after shipment.
This would enable you as buyers, to open confirmed
irrevocable letter of credit in favour of seller/
supplier for the buyers chartered vessel to be
programmed for loading and shipment effected.
We shall only be entitled to our brokerage/
consultancy fee as buyers agent facilitators. From the
gross discount stated above. The seller/supplier we
shall locate for you would conclude arrangements to
receive you in Lagos-Nigeria.
If the above offer of or service is acceptable to you,
please rever to us through the above email adddress,
so as to proceed to locate an authorised seller/
supplier, and send you a copy of draft sales/purcahse
contract agreement for your scruntiny.
Other detail as per the draft contract to be make
available to you in due course.
Yours faithfully,
MICGBELI INTERNATIONAL
MIKE CHUKS OJUGBELI
Chief Consultancy
Do you Yahoo!?
Friends.  Fun.  Try the all-new Yahoo! Messenger.
