
@_date: 2002-03-28 00:59:36
@_author: Michael Roberts 
@_subject: Re: network topology 
there is research from all sorts of people in this area. It falls under
the term "Ad-hoc networking".  Google "Ad-hoc mobile network" and
perhaps add in "routing" for more specificity.
You have a different cost metric for the communications between nodes
than the mobile people do - and they have all sorts of other things like
device power and such to worry about.  But here's a nodal point : I seem to remember that efficient routing for cluster sizes of up to
1000 nodes was well proven (this was research from AT&T).
Some sort of group effort in this direction would be interesting.  I
would help.

@_date: 2002-03-28 00:49:27
@_author: Michael Roberts 
@_subject: Re: network topology 
there is research from all sorts of people in this area. It falls under
the term "Ad-hoc networking".  Google "Ad-hoc mobile network" and
perhaps add in "routing" for more specificity. Many efficient schemes
have been devised in theory.
You have a different cost metric for the communications between nodes
than the mobilew people do - they have all sorts of other things like
device power and such to worry about.  But here's a nodal point : I seem to remember that efficient routing for cluster sizes of up to
1000 nodes was well proven (this was from AT&T).  IMO peer-peer could
use a lot of this stuff.

@_date: 2002-04-01 05:53:02
@_author: Michael Roberts 
@_subject: RE: IWAR Threat Model 
Depends on how he looked at it. Either it's destruction, or an
education, and he let it go.  But there were quite a few ways to control
a guy like in olden hollywood days - blacklisting is just one :))))
If I were doing cyber film-noire today, I'd use :
(1) Blacklisting : He's denied access to the studio machine - the
production and distribution mechanisms.  But today, cheap hardware and a
free os eliminate that. No story.  No motive.
(2) Death : you can only kill so many people, and the car off the
mountain road is too obvious. You'd have to use a slow poison instead. Boring, unbelievable. (3) Hassle. Hassle the shit out of the hero.  Use bizzare seemingly
connected events. Think like Hakim Bey, only backwards. Un-plot-like.
(4) Frame-up.  The classic. Everything else fails and the guy is stuck
up with something he did not do and then locked up for life. Now we're
talkin !
(5) Seductress.   This is of course the most desirable option, yeilding
a productive individual, who will do exactly what you want, when you
want. Sexy !
Combine 4 and 5 for a good plot.
And the elevator pitch :
"So ... the kooks get him to buy a mail-in AIDs test kit somehow.  Maybe
it was by a combination of targeted spam and a girl, just like the guy
liked, y'know, a real sweetie.  Type y'd marry. Young. Make him want to
test. Or maybe she asks him to. Something like that."
"So they intercept the return blood sample in the mail, get his DNA,
contaminate the weapon that supposedly fired the bullets.  Get his
lawyer, too.  Bitch. You know she likes death row cases.  Sweet"
  "I'm sorry Mr Roberts. That's a little too far out for us
today.  We only make family ractives here"

@_date: 2002-04-04 22:19:03
@_author: Michael Roberts 
@_subject: Re: out of the box 
weird.  I was told this when I was in sweeden, as an explaination for
the basic niceness of sweedes - ie, that they recieved in school basic
emotional education which enabled them to deal with difficult people and
true/not true ?

@_date: 2002-04-04 04:19:42
@_author: Michael Roberts 
@_subject: out of the box 
If we are talking of building cyberspace, we should talk of some of the
things that should be done with it.  Right now I think people think of
games. I think of something a little different. Sort of a game. An
everything bagel game.
Let's assume we can build a geographically distibuted server with each
nation, city or village, down to the plants in my back yard (growing),
with a jump to where they came from (an OPTIONAL layer). That would be
nodes layed on on a sphere and connected to nearest neighbors, with some
long links.  You know we can do this. It's not so hard with the right
group of people.
Each physical place has its own piece in the simulation; infinite
subdivision subject to the rules of the space above it, with provisions
for autonomous zones. In our diverse cultures, different rules apply in
different locations.  A lot of the differences we have occur when we
butt up against each other and the ways that we are. A lack of
understanding, a lack of common language hold us back.  You don't need a
language for people to play with each other.  And I don't mean running
around in corridoors, either.  That's an adolesecent trip whos time is
done.  I mean Roger Rabbit's interactive math adventure.
So, why not fix our little sickness through simulation ? It's a time
honored technique for optimising and prototyping solutions to hard
problems.  Let the Israelis and the Palestinians have a go at building
something in cyberspace first, but let the people do it. They have to
live with it. In cyberspace, you get to visit another country, act like an asshole,
and the locals choose what to do with you, in the nicest possible way,
or in a way they'd be too nice to do RL. A full learning experience.
It's like puppy training for humans, but without any of the unpleasant
effects that a real-life version may have. A happy, loving place.  Not a
dark unpleasant place filled with pain and pursuit.
Cyberspace here is not an escape from the real world, but a reflection
of it.  Someone in Uruguay should be able to visit virtual watts and see
how well the tomatoes are doing.  And, talk about it. Swap notes.
Complain about the weather.  Email was nice .. but .. really ....
In Sweeden basic emotional education for all cuts social problems down
to a minscule amount. And we don't need words to make a programming
language with components what the whole world will be able to use to
make real behaviors, so the world can internationalise basic
applications itself..
There should be a basic science and mathematics curriculum for all,
surpassing all languages, based on the manipulation of objects and the
pure rules of mathematics we know.  To start with, all the stuff which
does not need english.
It should be safe for children to play and learn with each other from
one side of the planet to the other using secure cryptographic
identities on the code they control, using crypted communications on
which mom can snoop.  When I say crypto, I mean strong crypto. Instead of fucking with the government, or whoever, lets think about
using this stuff to develop deep cross-planet relationships - one of the
things that will make us whole and solve this escalating 2000 year war
problem we have going on.  I for one am sick of it.  It's a distraction
from the real business which is getting the planet healthy and
ready to participate at a galactic level.
And, after all, locking someone out is very similar to locking someone
in. You make sure you can that too.  That's a temporary autonomous zone,
for adults.  A bubble in hyperspace. It's all just compositional crypto
objects traversing a big graph.  The stuff is developed symetrically, to
account for the posibility of a con (ie, we're nice now, but get nasty
There should be mollecular biology in shared space, tools for the design
and visualisation of our sick little planet, environmental applications,
layer apon layer apon layer.  Infinite drill down.
And you should be able to stand infront of the damn thing like a regular
human being. Obsoleting the keyboard is possible with some of the things
talked of here. I love my chair, but, enough.
This is something for the world. What you get out of life is what you
put in.  And yeah, its a vision.  But it can be done.

@_date: 2002-04-05 23:32:30
@_author: Michael Roberts 
@_subject: RE: Small Arms Failure in Afghan (caliberpunks) 
I don't know why we are not using a far easier method in such
conflicts.  Just give aerosol skin absorbing drugs (engineered to cause an almost
instantanious and very unpleasant hit) to the women, and spray some
hallucinogens from the air.  Get the disabling stuff onto all of the
military (or other denied) equipment, and give all the players concerned
a good dose of the other stuff.
Repeat until they stop their dumb behavior. That should put an end to
most conflicts I believe.  As for shooting holes in people, isn't that
what we did in the 20th centrury ?
Has anyone seen any research on stuff like this ?
