
@_date: 2013-07-30 12:12:51
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] BitMail - p2p Email 0.1. beta 
The TPM is a piece of secure* hardware that provides various cryptographic
services to the host system. It is important to understand that it is not a
crypto accelerator. It is a place to store keys and small pieces of data
(like hashes, counters) where it's difficult for someone to extract them
even if they have physical access.
The TPM is designed to support trusted computing, a rather splendid set of
extensions to the x86 architecture that let you do remote attestation,
software sealing and other things. Or at least it would be splendid if it
had been really finished off and pushed to completion by the designers.
Unfortunately due to various political issues it exists in a
quasi-finished, semi-broken state which only experts can use. Without a
doubt you have never run any software in a TC environment.
As part of that role, the TPM provides some permanent storage in the form
of NVRAM. Because the TPM is designed to be as cheap as possible, it has a
limited number of write cycles. Normally you're meant to store Intel TXT
launch control policies and sealed keys there, but Pond uses it in a
different way by storing keys there that it encrypts local data with. By
erasing the key in the TPM chips memory area, the data on disk is
effectively destroyed too.
This is useful because modern "disks" are often SSD drives, or physical
metal disks that use log structured file systems. Because flash memory has
a limited number of write cycles per cell, internally SSDs have firmware
that remap writes from logical addresses to different physical addresses,
the goal is to avoid wearing down the drive and extend its useful life.
Normally it doesn't matter, but if you want to delete data such that it's
really really gone, it obviously poses a problem. Using TPM NVRAM solves
it, albiet, at a high usability cost.
*note: actual tamper resistance of real-world TPM chips is not something
that seems to have been studied much

@_date: 2013-07-30 08:40:45
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] BitMail - p2p Email 0.1. beta 
For people who are interested in such technologies, I recommend looking at
It is written by Adam Langley, so it comes with some serious credentials
behind it. It provides asynchronous email-like messaging that's forward
secure, resistant to traffic analysis and the whole thing runs over Tor.
Messages are stored for a week and are strictly limited in size. There's no
spam because nobody has an address - instead you have to grant someone the
ability to message you by giving them a small file. So, not really intended
as an email competitor convenience wise, but it has many interesting ideas
and a reasonable GUI.
As a testament to the seriousness with which Pond takes forward security,
it can use the NVRAM in a TPM chip to reliably destroy keys for data that
an SSD device might have otherwise made un-erasable.
The main downside - it's written in Go :)

@_date: 2013-10-28 13:21:07
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment protocol for onion URLs. 
A bit late is one way to put it. All these topics and more were discussed
to death a year ago when the payment protocol was first being designed.
Bluntly, I think we're all sick of it. You are welcome to PGP sign your
payment requests if you want to. If not, then please see my FAQ for
   tl;dr - the right way to tackle governments getting bogus certs issued is
certificate transparency. All other suggestions tend to boil down to
"here's some handwaving that doesn't actually solve the problem".
By the way, the evidence from the Snowden case rather reinforces the
strength of the CA system. Did we see stories about bulk usage of fake
certificates? No. What we read is that the increased usage of SSL was a
major game-changer for intelligence agencies. They "solve" SSL by compiling
databases of private keys they obtain in various ways. True to form when
the FBI wanted access to LavaBit, they tried to obtain his private keys
rather than just push a convenient "give me a fake cert" button, and when
it became known that Lavabit had to hand over their key, GoDaddy revoked
their certificate. Industry policies forced their hand and those policies
don't have a get-out clause for the FBI.
It's without a doubt that there are government-issued fake certs floating
about, somewhere, just due to the scale of hacking that's been taking
place. However, demanding perfection in a system that handles security for
over a billion people and tens of millions of operators is unreasonable.
All we can ask for is that it it's being improved, which through
initiatives like cert transparency, it is.
Please, let's call time on these discussions. They long ago ceased to have
any value.

@_date: 2013-10-28 13:21:07
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] Payment protocol for onion URLs. 
A bit late is one way to put it. All these topics and more were discussed
to death a year ago when the payment protocol was first being designed.
Bluntly, I think we're all sick of it. You are welcome to PGP sign your
payment requests if you want to. If not, then please see my FAQ for
   tl;dr - the right way to tackle governments getting bogus certs issued is
certificate transparency. All other suggestions tend to boil down to
"here's some handwaving that doesn't actually solve the problem".
By the way, the evidence from the Snowden case rather reinforces the
strength of the CA system. Did we see stories about bulk usage of fake
certificates? No. What we read is that the increased usage of SSL was a
major game-changer for intelligence agencies. They "solve" SSL by compiling
databases of private keys they obtain in various ways. True to form when
the FBI wanted access to LavaBit, they tried to obtain his private keys
rather than just push a convenient "give me a fake cert" button, and when
it became known that Lavabit had to hand over their key, GoDaddy revoked
their certificate. Industry policies forced their hand and those policies
don't have a get-out clause for the FBI.
It's without a doubt that there are government-issued fake certs floating
about, somewhere, just due to the scale of hacking that's been taking
place. However, demanding perfection in a system that handles security for
over a billion people and tens of millions of operators is unreasonable.
All we can ask for is that it it's being improved, which through
initiatives like cert transparency, it is.
Please, let's call time on these discussions. They long ago ceased to have
any value.

@_date: 2014-01-30 10:50:22
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
Although it should be noted that these binaries don't yet do URI support so
you can't scan a bitcoin URI with r= in it and see the verified merchant
name, etc. I think Andreas plans to do the UI for that in the next update.
On Thu, Jan 30, 2014 at 11:46 AM, Andreas Schildbach

@_date: 2014-01-27 18:34:55
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
As I said, the test requests generated by Gavin's generator end up being
about 4kb.
Unfortunately most certs are using RSA keys which aren't very compact. You
can get ECC certs, but for whatever reason, the test requests aren't using
There's still an address in the URI for backwards compatibility, right? In
theory if everyone some day uses wallets that support BIP70 it'd be
superfluous and could be removed, but whilst it's there, we could find
alternative uses for it ...
Trust store is just a local database. Why would it involve TCP?
Maybe in Berlin :-) Most of my transactions are sadly with online shops,
A receipt is a proof of purchase. If the payment request isn't signed then
it proves nothing as you could have made it yourself. Of course paper
receipts are forgeable too - we sort of pretend receipt
frauddoes not exist, but it
Nobody would ever be forced to sign to receive money, obviously, but it's
better if people do as it leads to herd immunity. If people expect to see
it then they will be suspicious if an attacker strips the signing data. If
it's randomly hit/miss then the signing data can just be deleted by a MITM
and you'd never think anything was amiss.
And again, how is he going to provide the payment request to the payer
Over Bluetooth, perhaps. That's what we're talking about, right?
It was proposed by the BitPay guys. I think they feel that scanning a QR
code should always make something intelligent happen, even if you don't
(for instance) have a wallet app installed at all. Overloading the URL so
it works for both web browsers and wallet apps is easy, so I can see why
they suggested it. Doesn't seem like a big deal either way.

@_date: 2014-01-27 13:11:40
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
Thanks Andreas, that's really interesting work. Comments below.
On Mon, Jan 27, 2014 at 12:59 PM, Andreas Schildbach
I would like to see Bluetooth continue to work for scan-to-pay even in the
signed case. So for this reason the current approach with a BTMAC parameter
in the Bitcoin URI seems to work universally across NFC tags and QR codes,
and would allow download of a signed PaymentRequest even in the case where
a QR code is used.
Because a Bitcoin URI already contains a public key (hash), re-using that
to establish an encrypted/authd connection on top of an insecure RFCOMM
socket would seem to be relatively straightforward.
Just a correction here - the reason signed payment requests are "large"
(about 4000 bytes) is exactly because they *can* be verified offline, i.e.
by a Trezor. The signed payment request contains all the data needed to
establish its authenticity, including certificates and the signature
itself. No TCP connection is needed.
For face to face payments, I think signing is still useful. For one, we
want to keep the distinction between "merchant" and "user" as blurry and
indistinct as possible. A strong separation between merchants and consumers
is one of the many bad things about the credit card system. Whilst
initially we'd expect the payment protocol to be used by online webshops,
in future it could be used by little corner shops, children's lemonade
stands and so on. You don't want to exclude entire classes of transactions
from being secure with Trezor type devices, and besides, even without a
Trezor you probably still would like a receipt if you buy something from a
local market trader.
Another use case - we heard a story about a restaurant owner who accepted
Bitcoin. He printed a static bitcoin URI onto a QR code on the menu. A
month or two later he discovered one of his waiters had re-printed the
menus with his own QR code! The people thought they had been paying for the
meal, and in fact it went right into the pocket of the waiter.
As to how it works, well, that's not hard. Comodo give away free email
address certs with a few mouse clicks, it's no harder than signing up for a
website. Then you can just open that cert file on your phone to install it
and it should become usable automatically with a future version of
bitcoinj. Email address doesn't prove a whole lot, of course, but it's
better than nothing. If the restaurant owner had even just a hotmail
address, he could have stuck it up behind the bar or painted it on the
outside of his shop and some customer would have got suspicious when he
didn't see the address (assuming we're successful at deploying it of
Other wallets won't know what to do with it and would yield a strange error
URL length is limited on some versions of internet explorer (probably on
all browsers). Rather than pack a file into a URL, if you don't want to use
the current r= extension it's better for apps to just register to handle
.bitcoinpaymentrequest files / the right MIME type. Downloading it and
opening it would do the right thing automatically.
Remember BIP 73 also! It says that with the apps built-in QR scanner, if
you scan an HTTP[S] URI, you should try downloading it with a magic header.
That way you can get a payment request file out of the server. Without the
magic header (i.e.  a normal generic barcode scanner app) it would open a
web page containing a bitcoin URI clickable link.

@_date: 2014-03-27 10:08:22
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
Well, you're lucky, you live in Berlin. Most of the payments I make with
Bitcoin are online, to websites. So this will differ between people.
I wonder how critical it is. Let's say you are paying for a meal. In your
head the place you're at is just "the little Indian restaurant on the
corner". In the companies register and therefore certificate it's something
like "Singh Food GmbH". That's probably good enough to prevent shenanigans.
Even if there's a virus on your phone, it can't really replace the cert
with a random stolen one, otherwise your meal could show up like "IronCore
Steel Inc" or something that's obviously bogus. It'd have to be an
incredibly smart virus that knew how to substitute one name for a different
one, from a large library of stolen identities, such that the swap seemed
plausible. That sounds very hard, certainly too hard to bother with for
stealing restaurant fees.
And if a waiter at the restaurant is corrupt and they replace the cert with
one that's for their own 1-man business "BP-Gupta" or something, OK, you
might pay the wrong person by mistake. But eventually the corrupt waiter
will be discovered and then someone will have proof of what they did. It's
FAR more likely they'd just strip the signature entirely and try to
convince you the restaurant doesn't use BIP70 at all.
Still, if we want to fix this, one approach I was thinking about is to have
a super-cheesy CA just for us that issues certs with addresses in them, for
any name you ask for. That is, if you say you want a cert for "Shamrock
Irish Pub, Wollishofen, Zurich, CH" then it either sends a postcard to that
address with a code to check ownership of the address, or it checks
ownership of the place on Google Maps (which does the same postcard trick
but for free!).
That doesn't work for vending machines, but perhaps we just don't care
about those. If a MITM steals your lunch money, boo hoo.

@_date: 2014-03-26 22:56:57
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
Yeah, for those cases we'd need to think of something else. That gets into
the realm of creating our own infrastructure though ...

@_date: 2014-03-22 17:30:03
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
I think it's mostly a UI issue. The recipient needs to understand that what
he received is nothing more than an IOU that can be revoked at any time. If
the UI makes it clear and the user trusts the sender, no problem. BIP70
would work as before.

@_date: 2014-03-22 16:45:03
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
The usual issue is that they lack internet *for some customers*. The place
may well have private wifi or hardwired connections that work. Even mobile
networks may vary so some customers will have mobile connectivity and
others won't.

@_date: 2014-03-21 15:24:24
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
SPDY requires SSL and is even more complex than HTTP.
Really, the current protocol we've got (length prefixed protobufs) is just
fine except for the lack of encryption/authentication. For that you need to
do ECDH to establish a shared AES session key, and MAC each packet. Like I
said, it's not entirely trivial which is why it's worth trying SSL too, but
it's also not a massive effort.
On Fri, Mar 21, 2014 at 4:20 PM, Andreas Schildbach

@_date: 2014-03-21 13:07:31
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
Maybe so, but given the relatively minor advantages of ECC certs I can see
why a CA might not want to take any risks. They are sitting ducks for
patent trolls.
I think ECC will still happen, though we end up back into NSA fear
territory thanks to the stupid way secp256r1 was defined. *Hopefully* there's
no back door.

@_date: 2014-03-21 11:33:57
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
Oh, one other reason I found - apparently RIM, at least in the past, has
been telling CA's that they need to pay mad bux for the Certicom ECC
patents. So that's another reason why most certs are still using RSA.

@_date: 2014-03-21 11:08:08
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
If you want to create and run a new CA, by all means. But I bet you don't.
So we're stuck with the current system for now.
But you have to chain up to the root.
The only reason more certs aren't ECC is backwards compatibility. Some old
browsers don't know how to handle them. It wasn't so long ago that Fedora
and Android were deleting ECC code from upstream libraries before shipping
them, either for patent reasons for disk space saving measures.
But it's possible to get ECC certs if you want. For example, Entrust is
starting to sell them:
But their intermediate cert is still RSA. My understanding is that ECC
roots for many CA's have been submitted and are now included, but of course
"give up compatibility with lots of users" vs "save a bit of cpu time and a
handful of bytes" is no real competition so it will be a long time until
most websites are using ECC certs.
Regardless, it's all irrelevant. Who knows when we might want to add
another feature that uses some bytes into PaymentRequests. Stuffing them
into a QR code will never make much sense IMO - it's far more sensible to
just use Bluetooth where the data size constraints are so much easier.

@_date: 2014-03-20 23:02:44
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
I'd hope that people can get certs for their actual business name, but
sometimes it does differ yes.
However remember that signing in BIP70 is about more than just security,
though that's the driving factor. It's also needed for things like dispute
mediation, receipts, etc.

@_date: 2014-03-20 18:31:27
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
With Java, in theory, you can use SSLSocketFactory.createSocket(btsocket,
address, 1234, true) to wrap a bluetooth socket in SSL. However I have not
tried it.
For now, just prototype and build your product without the security. We can
find someone to experiment with this, if you don't want to .
Bluetooth needs encryption and MACs as well as signing to be secure,
because there could be radio MITM. Yes, this overlaps somewhat with the PKI
signing in BIP70, but not entirely - you might want to serve unsigned
payment requests, but still have confidentiality and authenticity for a
local face to face transaction. The signing and encryption does different

@_date: 2014-03-20 12:20:20
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
Very, very limited. The more data you stuff in them, the less reliable and
slower scanning becomes. A URL is about the limit of what's practically
achievable. Even with that, BitPay have been complaining about the
increased character length from adding the https url to download the
payment request (though not escaping reduces character count by a lot and
is valid).
X.509 is extremely bloated, partly due to the number of features it
supports, partly due to its history but mostly due to the widespread use of
RSA which generates giant keys and signatures. Of course you can get ECC
certs as well, but in practice most merchants don't seem to use them yet.
There's no way you can fit a cert chain into a QR code.
However, this is no big deal, because for the serverless PoS device case
Alex cares about you need a backchannel to submit the transaction and
refund address anyway, so Bluetooth is already useful/required. Downloading
the payment request via it as well as uploading the response is not a big
change and - as mentioned - already implemented by Andreas and myself some
time ago.

@_date: 2014-03-20 10:36:09
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
Encoding entire payment requests into qrcodes is definitely not the way to
go. They can already be large when signed and we're just at the start of
adding features.
Finishing off and standardising the bluetooth support is the way to go
(r=bt:mac). Andreas' app already has some support for this I believe, so
Alex you could prototype with that, but we need to:
1) Add an encryption/auth layer on top, because it runs over RFCOMM
sockets. The authentication would require proof of owning the Bitcoin key
that's in the address part of the URI (which is needed for backwards compat
2) Write a BIP for it and make sure it's interoperable
For the auth layer we could either use SSL and then just ignore the server
certificate and require signing of the session public key with the Bitcoin
key, which should be easy to code up but is rather heavy on the air, or
roll a custom lightweight thing where we just do a basic ECDH, with the
servers key being the same as the address key. But rolling such protocols
is subtle and I guess it'd need to be reviewed by people familiar with such
This feels like a good opportunity to grow the community - perhaps we can
find a volunteer in the forums who enjoys crypto.

@_date: 2014-03-02 11:50:59
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
Thanks Andreas.
For BIP standardisation, I think the VIEW intent seems like an obvious one.
Bluetooth support probably should come later if/when we put encryption/auth
on the RFCOMM link (probably SSL).

@_date: 2014-07-01 17:59:45
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
Nope, r1/r2 sounds good to me. BTW we should update the spec to reflect
that escaping is largely unnecessary in many cases.

@_date: 2014-07-01 08:18:48
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
So the idea here is that the recipient wallet both uploads to the internet
and exposes the payment request over Bluetooth simultaneously, then let's
the sending wallet pick whatever radio layer works best in its current
I think having multiple r= params is reasonable, but the Bluetooth support
is not specced in any BIP anyway. And if it were to be, people would point
out the lack of link-layer encryption.
So this is a bit tricky, overall. Right now I'd say things are kinda half
baked: not only is bluetooth not standardised nor encrypted (my fault, I
prototyped this code during a hackathon), but Bitcoin Wallet doesn't
properly implement BIP 72 either. To push this work forward I think we need
to sit down and do some more spec and implementation work :/

@_date: 2015-06-16 11:29:31
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
How do we plan to deal with security & incident response - exactly the same
way as before. Remember that XT is basically Core plus a few patches.
Gavin and myself are both on the bitcoin-security mailing list and have
been for years. Both of us have experience of responding to very serious
and tight-deadline security incidents, for example, the accidental bdb hard
fork and (in my case) when we discovered that Android phones had so little
entropy in them that different devices were actually generating the same
That one required co-ordinated crash rollouts of multiple wallets across
the Bitcoin ecosystem because there was a parallel investigation into key
collisions taking place in an open forum and they were not far from
discovering the truth about how badly the Android RNG was broken   (I knew
because at the time I had access to the Google internal Android bug
tracker). I organised the whole thing.
So I think we'll manage. But I don't expect things to exist in a state of
disjointness for very long. XT will rebase on top of Core and follow it's
releases for as long as there seems to be interest in bigger blocks and as
long as I have the time/energy/interest. If the >1mb chain wins then Core
will have to adopt the new ruleset or simply stop being relevant, as it
will have no users. That wouldn't make much sense.
Now, there have been concerns raised that a hard fork is unbelievably
risky, the sky will fall, the value of Bitcoin will drop to zero, etc. I
don't believe it's anywhere near that risky. The patch Gavin is working on
requires both a miner majority *and* also has a date trigger in it. Much
like previous forks, in fact. So nobody should be taken by surprise if/when
bigger blocks appear, because it will have been known for a long time
beforehand that there was sufficiently strong consensus, there will have
been messages printed to the node logs, announcements in various places and
so on.
Does that help clear things up?

@_date: 2015-06-16 11:20:34
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
Hi Bryan,
Specifically, when Adam mentioned your conversations with non-technical
Yes, my comment was prickly and grumpy. No surprises, I did not sleep well
last night.
I am upset about this constant insistence from Adam, Gregory and others
that the "technical community" or "technical majority" agree with them and
anyone who doesn't is "non technical" or "not a contributor" or not an
expert or not had things properly explained to them.
This is not true and needs to stop. Gavin and I have both been working on
Bitcoin in substantial ways for longer than Gregory and Adam have been in
the community at all. We are extremely technical, as are many of the people
who want us to release XT+larger blocks. We cannot make progress in any
kind of negotiation if one side constantly blows off the other and refuses
to take anything they say seriously, which has been a feature of this
"debate" from the start.
In contrast Gavin and I have written vast amounts of analysis on the
concerns raised by larger blocks. So many hours were spent, we could
probably fill a small book by now. We have carefully read and addressed
*dozens* of points raised by the 1mb camp. We have also done our best to
open this debate to the whole community.
So it would be nice if the people who are so keen on 1mb blocks show the
same respect to us.

@_date: 2015-06-15 20:55:07
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
Hi Adam,
I replied publicly because your questions were sent to the mailing list.
I'd have been happy to reply in private if so asked.
I started to write up a much longer reply, but I'm tired - we've long since
been going in circles. I feel like I've written down answers to almost all
your questions before, including some in the email above.
Still, there are a few new ones. Let me work through them now.
Yes, I am on the bitcoin-security list. I have always been on it. I have
taken part in many threads there and started one or two myself. I guess
you're not though, otherwise you'd know that. You can ask, I'm sure Gavin
will add you if you like.
Re: BIP. Gavin is working on a BIP to go along with his patch. I hope that
will satisfy. I do not expect the resulting discussion to differ much from
the discussion so far, though.
Re: summit. No, I would not attend. I have been to several Bitcoin
conferences over the years where the block size issue was discussed. No
progress was ever made at these events.
Re: if some flaw or bug was found in the patch. Yes, of course if there was
some specific problem with the code then we would fix it. There will be
time to review Gavin's patches for these reasons.
Re: anyone who agrees with noted non-programmers Mike&Gavin must be
non-technical, stupid, uninformed, etc .... OK, go ahead and show them the
error of their ways. Anyone can write blogs.

@_date: 2015-06-15 09:56:40
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
Hi Adam,
Provisional answers below!
- Are you releasing a BIP for that proposal for review?
The work splits like this:
   - Gavin is writing the code and I think a BIP as well
   - I will review both and mostly delegate to Gavin's good taste around
   the details, unless there is some very strong disagreement. But that seems
   unlikely.
   - I have been handling gitian and the patch rebases, the code signing
   and so on, so far. I've also been doing some work to setup the basic
   infrastructure of the project (website etc).
- If the reviewers all say NACK will you take on board their suggestions?
Feedback will be read. There are no NACKS in Bitcoin XT. Patch requests
aren't scored in any way. The final decision rests with the maintainer as
in ~all open source projects.
Yes, I have been working on an article that explains how we got to this
point from my perspective. It is quite long, but only because I want it to
be readable for people who weren't following the debate.
Anyway, I think I've laid out the gist of it over and over again, but to
If Bitcoin runs out of capacity *it will break and many of our users will
leave*. That is not an acceptable outcome for myself or the many other
wallet, service and merchant developers who have worked for years to build
an ecosystem around this protocol.
The approach is the same for other forks. Voting via block versions and
then when there's been >X% for Y time units the 1mb limit is
Good question!  I have various thoughts on this, but let's wait and see
what happens first. Perhaps the new chain won't get the majority on it.
In the event that the >1mb chain does eventually win, I would expect Core
to apply the patch and rejoin the consensus rather than lose all its users.
That would take XT back to being a fairly small patchset to improve the
network protocol.
- Do you have contingency plans for what to do if the non-consensus
Where did you get the $3B figure from? The fork either doesn't happen, or
it happens after quite a long period of people knowing it's going to happen
- for example because their full node is printing "You need to upgrade"
messages due to seeing the larger block version, or because they read the
news, or because they heard about it via some other mechanisms.
Let me flip the question around. Do you have a contingency plan if Bitcoin
runs out of capacity and significant user disruption occurs that results in
exodus, followed by fall in BTC price? The only one I've seen is "we can
perform an emergency hard fork in a few weeks"!
Gavin and I have been polling many key players in the ecosystem. The
consensus you seek does exist. All wallet developers (except Lawrence), all
the major exchanges, all the major payment processors and many of the major
mining pools want to see the limit lifted (I haven't been talking to pools,
Gavin has).
This notion that the change has no consensus is based on you polling the
people directly around you and people who like to spend all day on this
mailing list. It's not an accurate reflection of the wider Bitcoin
community and that is one of the leading reasons there is going to be a
fork. A small number of people have been flatly ignoring LOTS of highly
technical and passionate developers who have written vast amounts of code,
built up the Bitcoin user base, designed hardware and software, and yes
built companies.
How do you think that makes Bitcoin Core look to the rest of the Bitcoin
world? How much confidence does that give people?
Of the overall process, I think you can agree we should not be making
This debate will never end until a fork makes it irrelevant. There is no
process for ending it, despite me begging Wladimir to make one.
And there is no haste. We have been debating the block size limit for
*years*. We have known it must be lifted for *years*. I kicked off this
current round of debates after realising that Wladimir's release timeline
wouldn't allow a block size limit to be released before the end of the
year. The reason we're talking about it now and not next year is exactly to
ensure there is plenty of time.
I really wish you were right, and I definitely feel you are one of the more
reasonable ones Adam. But the overwhelming impression I get from a few
others here is that no, they don't want to scale Bitcoin. They already
decided it's a technological dead end. They want to kick end users out in
order to "incentivise" (force) the creation of some other alternative,
claiming that it's still Bitcoin whilst ignoring basic details ... like the
fact that no existing wallets or services would work.
Scaling Bitcoin can only be achieved by letting it grow, and letting people
tackle each bottleneck as it arises at the right times. Not by convincing
ourselves that success is failure.
