
@_date: 2011-02-04 06:34:12
@_author: Martin Millnert 
@_subject: Re: Weekend Gedankenexperiment - The Kill Switch 
a key piece in the article is on the second page:
"In fact, a lot of what the bill provides for are a very good ideas.
The bill sets out the concept that cyberspace is a strategic asset for
the United States and needs to be protected like any other strategic
asset. This is good.
The bill also acknowledges that we’re likely to come under severe
attack and need to have a way to respond. We also need to have a
single point of authority to make sure we respond in a coordinated
way, instead of having all of America’s security forces working at
cross-purposes. That single point of authority is the President. This
makes sense."
In all seriousness here, I wonder how the Egyptian law was worded,
that allowed them to legally (let's assume so) send out propaganda
text messages through all mobile operators (force operators to
comply), and even shut down the Internet (force operators to comply).
It is fully possible that the law says something very similar to that
above, that when the state is under stress or attack (by its own storm
troopers...), the state is allowed to step in to take protective
measures, all in the good interest of the state, authorized by their
single point of authority.
This is a dangerous design, specifically as it assumes that the state
under all circumstances is good which most observers will note,
especially now, that states cannot be assumed to be, forever and
Essentially, I'm not seeing the upside in assuming any state will
always be good, forever and always.  And it boils down to what's been
discussed earlier: centralizing control of the Internet, whether
political or technical, makes it less robust to failures and more
prone to abuse/attack, as the value of a single point or target
This sub-thread is a bit off-topic, and to the thread starter I only
suggest you look into the Egypt situation/operations a bit, but I
guess that's where you got your inspiration for the question anyway.

@_date: 2011-02-06 07:20:16
@_author: Martin Millnert 
@_subject: Re: US Warships jamming Lebanon Internet 
Well-known problem with radars and wifi (used to live next to a
(military) radar research site):
 -- Check who uses S and C
Another reason to not rely on radio for your LAN/WAN in times of Aegis
cruisers passing by... ;)
