
@_date: 2002-02-12 17:08:27
@_author: 'https://www.paypal.com/cart/add=1&amp;business=edgar_folgado%40hotmail.com&amp;item_name=MillionDollarEmails&amp;amount=19.00','cartwin','width=600,height=400,scrollbars,location,resizable,status' 
@_subject: Million Dollar Emails - The Greatest Moneymaking Emails of All Time - Secrets Revealed 
TrafficWoW Daily Newsletter February 12,                   2002 Disclaimer: ----------- This email is NEVER sent                   unsolicited. THIS IS NOT SPAM. You are receiving this because                   you have either answered classified ad, posted to our FFA                   pages, are on the same opt-in list or have sent me something                   in the past. If you'd like to be removed, see instructions at                   the bottom of this message.
Ready to profit from email marketing?
Order now! "New Resource Reveals The Amazing Secrets Behind The Net's Most Yours For Only $19 - The Greatest Collection of Moneymaking
Emails Ever (Plus You Get The Rights to Sell This New
Resource and Keep ALL the Profits!) Fact: Jupiter Communications reports that email marketing will become a $7.3 billion business by 2005.
Fact: Over 50% of consumers will be communicating via email by 2001 according to Forrester Research. eMarketer reports that by year-end 2001, there will be 111 million email users.
Fact:                   Email volume has already eclipsed postal mail.
Dear Internet Friend,
It's amazing! The power of email marketing is truly the "killer app" of the Internet. If you dropped me anywhere in the world with just a dial-up connection, I guarantee that within 24 hours I could generate an immediate cash surge for you. How? Just by sending out a simple email.
It's true. And it doesn't matter if your business is online or off. Simply put, once you know the secret of using email marketing - it's literally like having the power to create cash on demand. Imagine, anytime you need more money, you just hit SEND! ClickSendMake Money!
Frankly, I didn't believe it either until I witnessed results like these from my own email marketing campaigns:
$9,188.00 in profits in 72 hours
$15,558.81 in less than 3 weeks
$15,400.00 in 14 days
No wonder I love email marketing and who wouldn't when you consider all these incredible benefits:
Instant Results. Minutes after sending out your email campaign you can start seeing responses and orders.               15%, even 50% response rates. Something that's almost unheard of               in direct mail.
But before you go off thinking email marketing is some walk in the park - there is one big, glaring problem you need to face
The Truth About Spamming and Opt-in Email Marketing
If you've been on the Net for anytime, I'm sure you've heard of spam. That's the name for unsolicited commercial email. Mostly the kind of "get rich quick" and "send me a dollar" pyramid schemes that find their way into your inbox. Many short-term minded marketers feel that since email is practically free they can send out thousands and thousands of emails hoping for a handful of sales while dealing with the risks involved. I don't think that's a good idea. You see, there is a big difference between permission email marketing and spamming. I'm not talking about using software that can harvest emails addresses from the Web or even those CD-roms with "10 million email addresses" floating around. The fact is, without getting permission you are just sending out spam and that will land you in some big trouble. I've seen sites shutdown, ISP's cancelled and people basically being "blackballed" from the Internet community. Trust me, it's not pretty.  In fact, there is new legislation pending that will make spamming illegal. So not only will you have all kinds of angry prospects - but you could also end up with severe penalties against you. Why would you want to put yourself through any of that? There's no point because getting permission is easy once you start using the strategies I'll tell you about in a moment, plus it produces better results. Now that we got that cleared up
Do You Know What It Takes To Write a Winning Email? If you don't, you're not the only one. For most people drafting an email message that convinces people to part with their hard-earned money isn't as simple as it looks. Most people just don't know where to start, what to say, when to send it, how to not get accused of spam, how to make sure their message gets read, how to ask for the order, or any other number of variables that mean the difference between success and failure.
But, now there's good news! There's a new resource that will help you create your own successful emails - and it's called
"Million Dollar Emails: The Greatest Collection of
Moneymaking Emails Ever!"
"Million Dollar Emails" is a new ebook that contains some of the most successful and persuasive emails ever written. It's jam-packed with real life emails that have been proven to work by the top Internet Pros and eCommerce leaders.
And, here's the best part, in many of the examples, you'll see the exact numbers and results from their campaigns. Response rates, sales figures, and other insider information all culled from their private records. This information has been totally confidential - until now.
I couldn't believe the caliber of experts and corporations we got to step forward to share their winning examples, contributors like: Corey Rudl  Corey is one of the top Internet marketing minds on the planet. His 4 online businesses get over 500,000 visitor EACH MONTH and do over 5.2 million dollars in sales online every year. Corey lets you in on a simple email that brought in over $400,000.00 in revenue. Stephan Mahaney Stephan really spills the beans about an email message responsible for over $800,000 in sales.  (Which doesn't even take into account the still ongoing renewals, affiliate sales, and new sales that are still being built on the foundation of this one email sales campaign). This email was the cornerstone of what is now a multi-million dollar business. Wow!
 Logos Research Systems Inc. ( This electronic-book publishing company gives you the low-down on an email that sold $300,000 of a product with a special pre-publication offer (more than enough to pay for the costs involved). Joe Vitale ( Joe is heralded as one of the world's top direct response writers and a master at hypnotic writing. You'll see a collection of some of his best work as he takes you behind the scenes of several emails responsible for $68,500.00 in orders. ( Michael is one the top search engine experts and author of "Nothing But Net". Michael shares several winning email examples and how he was able to get a 68% response and over $10,000.00 just by asking one simple question.
Allen is the founder of one of the largest member's sites on the Web. He reveals a simple email that netted him $15,000.00 on a Sunday.
Bob is infamous for his "cheapskate" Internet marketing style. He'll be sharing exactly how he made over $30,000.00 in one weekend, selling a product he didn't own and never touched, all while sitting naked in his hot tub with his wife. (You've got to read this one to believe it!)
( NY Times, best-selling author Robert Allen showcases an email that drove his new book from  on Amazon.com to the  spot in just 24 hours.
Vail Resorts, comprised of word famous Vail,               Beaver Creek, Breckenridge and Keystone resorts in Colorado, lets               you in on exactly how they implement their offline and online               email collections along with incredible results at minimal costs.               ($179,987.00 in directly traceable sales.)
And, that's still just the tip of the iceberg because I also managed to track down even more proven examples from experts like:
Jonathan Mizel Marty Foley
John Harricharan
Marc Goldman Kevin Donlin Harmony Major Kunle Olomofe
Wes Blaylock and many more Now, I'm sure you can see why we titled this resource "Million Dollar Emails". Together these emails have produced much, much more than $1,000,000.00 in sales. This collection of winning emails covers examples from multi-national corporations all the way down to a small, local "mom and pop" Mexican restaurant.  That way you'll be sure to find a model to use for your own business.
Listen, these are not theories.
By carefully studying these real world examples, you'll be on your way to creating your own winning email. Imagine, once you've created your own moneymaker - there's practically nothing left to do but click, send and make money!
But, there's more still
Here's What Else You'll Discover Inside This Unique Reference Guide:
We already talked about why spamming (or even being accused) is a recipe for disaster.  According to eMarketer, Americans get an average of 15.2 email messages a day (and that number continues to rise) so unless your email's subject line is compelling - your message wind up in the trash faster than you can blink. (Ouch!)
              massive 38% response rate and much, much more
Don't Spend Another Minute Struggling to Come Up With Your Own Powerful Emails             Without This Resource At Your Side Never again pound your head against the wall trying to figure out what to say in your next email pitch. Inside this new ebook is your chance to meticulously study some of the best email messages on the planet. Find out what makes them work and how you can use the same formulas for your own messages.
Okay, by now you might be wondering
Why Would I Practically Give Away This Super Valuable Resource For Just $19? Well, realize that this collection of market proven emails could easily sell for thousands of dollars (remember, one email alone brought in over $400,000.00). The fact is, if you asked a top direct response copywriter to create an email campaign  - you'd be charged in the neighborhood of $500.00 to $1,500.00 (or more).  So at bare bones minimum you're getting thousands and thousands of dollars worth of powerful emails at your disposal.
But I'm not going to charge you anywhere near that amount. In fact, as I mentioned right upfront your total investment for this jam-packed ebook is just $19. (No, that's not a misprint!)
The truth is, I really created this resource for myself. You see, for several years I've collected examples of winning sales letters, display ads, mailing pieces, etc in 2 huge boxes. In fact, any good copywriter will tell you they always keep an "idea file" or "swipe file". So I thought, why couldn't I do the same with emails? I could and then it hit me that other people might also be interested. It's true, this is the kind of resource I would have done just about anything to get my hands on and it would save me hours and hours of research and from making countless mistakes. (I would have paid at least a hundred dollars for a resource like this.)
My Marketing Test With A Twist
I know I could easily charge $50, $70 or even $99 for this resource and it would still be a huge bargain. But as part of a marketing test I wanted to price it where nearly anyone can afford to take advantage of this incredible resource and see what happens. Plus, I figured if I gave you a great bargain now, you'll continue buying from me. Figure at the low, low price of $19, you can easily make back your investment with the first email campaign you run. But there's another BIG bonus I'm going to include if you act right away that is sure to pay you back in spades (that's the twist!)
BIG BONUS:
Free Resale Rights - You Keep 100% of The Money! Yes, you read that correctly. You keep 100%! I want you to succeed on the Internet and one of the easiest and profitable ways is to sell information products just like this ebook. That's why I'm letting you market and sell the "Million Dollar Emails" ebook! It's better than any affiliate program that pays you a measly 25%, 35%, or even the generous ones that give you 60%. With your investment in this ebook you'll get complete distribution and resale rights so you'll keep all the money! That means you can sell "Million Dollar Emails" or give it away. Use it as a free bonus to get people to subscribe to your Ezine. Bundle it with any other offers. Or whatever you want to do, it's your choice. Not only are you getting a ton of incredible emails to model, study and learn from - but also get the opportunity to make money from it right away. Imagine, the first copy of "Million Dollar Emails" you sell - you'll make back your money!
Now, please don't get me wrong. I'm not going to feed you some B.S. that you'll be selling hundreds of these in a day. I don't think that's realistic.
But, I do think you could easily sell a couple every month with very little effort (and probably more than that when I tell you all about the
Proven Advertising Tools To Help You Sell More - All For Free!
And it keeps getting better. Not only am I giving you the complete resale and redistribution rights to "Million Dollar Emails" but I'm also giving you an entire arsenal of selling tools. You'll get everything you need to set up and sell this resource from your web site, where you keep all the profits! You'll get:
The proven "Million Dollar Emails" sales letter to post on your web site.
Professionally designed web page template.
Sample ezine or newsletter ads for use in online classifieds, ezines and newsletters. All you have to do is 'plug-in' what you're given and you could be
taking orders and profiting from this very same ebook in just a few days. Don't take my word for it - check out what a few people had to say about reselling our last project similar to this:
"I can't believe how easy it was to sell your Autoresponder
Magic. I
sold over 150 copies of it in a few days, to a fairly weak
and small
list which I have only recently began to build. Amazing. You
have hit the price point, or the title, or the sales letter,
right on - or
all 3. This is certainly, and obviously, what people WANT to
Scott Covert
"Autoresponder Magic literally sells itself!
I really can't believe how easily and fast
this ebook sold when I first started marketing it.
Plus the sales continue to come in today.
I have sold over 190 copies of this ebook and
that is just counting front end sales.
Yanik...you have a real winner here!"
Kris Stringham But there's still more...
Remember, I said I believe in over delivering so I'm also throwing in 2 more bonus sections inside the ebook:
Bonus Section 101 Winning Email Subject Lines Smart marketers know their headlines are the most important or any ad or sales letter - same goes for your subject line (that's the headline). Prospects decide to open or trash your email in just a split second based on your subject line. Bonus Section Successful Email Checklist You know a pilot never takes off without a flight checklist and you'll never send out another email without referring to this powerful checklist. Right before you are ready to click SEND - go over this checklist to make sure you're getting maximum results and not making any critical mistakes.
And there is still another reason to take advantage of this opportunity - it's our
"100% Love-It-Or-Leave-It Guarantee" Your success in using these powerful email examples is completely guaranteed. In fact, here's my 100% Love-It-Or-Leave-It' Guarantee:
If you're not absolutely ecstatic and thrilled when you get this ebook - for any reason at all - we'll cheerfully refund your money. No headaches, no hassles and no weasel clauses. You've got one full year to check it out!
Is that fair or what? There is absolutely no risk, whatsoever on your part. The burden to deliver is entirely on me. Look at it this way - if you're going to spend more than $19 to promote your business this year - you owe it to yourself to get this resource right now! Here's How To Get Started Right Now With Instant Access
To get your copy of "Million Dollar Emails" and get in on these incredible bonuses - just click here! You'll get instant access.
If you're ready to discover how to make a fortune with permission emailto effortlessly create cash surges on demand.and even to get going reselling this ebook for ALL the profit...
click here to take action. You simply couldn't ask for a better deal!
P.S. Todayyou can earn thousands with a simple email campaign that costs you less than a Tuna sandwich. If you can send out simple emails you can tap into the enormous profit potential email marketing has for your business.
P.P.S. IMPORTANT UPDATE: Due to the             overwhelming response coming in to this offer, the free resale and             redistribution rights Mega bonus could end at anytime. Wait too             long, and it may be too late.             P.P.P.S. If you place your order before the 15th February             2002, I will send you the following amazing reports for             free:
Insider Reports "Creating Profitable Classified Ads" valued at               $15
Click Here Now
 Once payment has             been received, you will receive your copy of this powerful and             proven secretswithin one (1) hour of your             ======================================================================
Further Transmission to you by the sender of this             e-mail may be stopped at no cost to you by clicking here If your click fails, then copy and paste the link             below:             paste it into your browser. Do not reply to this email for the removal             process. The only way to be removed from our mailing lists is to             click on the removal link above, else your remove request will             fail.
