
@_date: 2014-01-17 22:03:50
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
But it is possible to use any bit/ number generator to fill in a one time
pad (OTP).
 I can imagine someone sharing a PRNG and seed so the far side of a
conversation could generate their copy of a digital OTP pad.
Subsiquent communication would "look" like a OTP conversation.
The advantage is transporting the digital pad is unnecessary.
The disadvantages are obvious.
Another bootstrap exchange might be a URL that reflects random bits from
the likes of lavarand and caches the bits against a web cookie now known to
two players.  Thus shared entropy into a shared PRNG could bootstrap
communications that look like OTP communications.   Cookie data is the
key.... in this case.   Cascading JS sources muddy the traffic.
The challenge for listening is to discern PRNG-OTP from rand-noise-OTP

@_date: 2014-01-11 02:59:06
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for crypto 
An open source project could be a good thing.
The problem is so hard that numerous ideas
need to be researched.
I am still wrestling with the scope of the attack and data
leak at Target(tm).    That Target had data that others
could exploit tells me that the security model for commerce
is totally broken.
Looking at my credit card history -- I clearly need 101 different
credit access methods/ credentials and a way to void one
or all of them.   To include place a "trap" on them.
Consider the early Target(tm) advice to review ALL transactions
because the small easy to ignore ones could be probes to
validate the data.     Any method for tomorrow needs a trap
method that is only an exploit trap not a use trap.

@_date: 2014-06-10 00:54:14
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police nationwide 
One data point... I called my 4G phone inside my refrigerator with my very
old spare phone
and it rang.  I reversed the two and the old phone did not ring and quickly
went to vmail.
So it can depend on bands, towers and stuff.... but a refrigerator is not a
Faraday cage.

@_date: 2014-06-08 02:44:23
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police nationwide 
Also the cold causes the battery to suffer badly.   Most skiers keep their
phones on a skin side
pocket of their jacket.   The so did the old sourdough with a small pouch
of live starter
hanging around their neck at body temperature.
A tin bread box or a clean paint can (yes clean empty ones can be had).
Those butter cookie tins.. just scratch the varnish exposing metal where
the top and bottom
join.....  Double wall containers with steel wool all around for those
where RF
might leak because a seam or capacitance of parts made an antenna.
Test your phone for odd behavior.... put it in airplane mode and then place
in a shielded container.
In airplane mode the battery drain should be near minimum.   If it is not
then something
might be activating an RF device.   Bluetooth, WiFi, Cell....   Airplane
mode is the near
best mode for DND meetings.  You can see a clock and that is about all.

@_date: 2014-06-04 20:19:09
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
The single most interesting thing that Bitcoin has
demonstrated is the ability of modern systems to
make very inexpensive transactions.
Credit cards bankers and others grab some 1-2%
of the action as it passes and it is clear that this
is an astoundingly profitable bit of action.
Now that we may know of a more reliable way
to securely and reliably transact businesses
(and faster too) there will be a hidden business
that takes advantage of this.  Hidden at first
and then as their fraud losses are reduced to
near zero others will see the bottom line move
and financial institutions will see a different class
of pressures.

@_date: 2014-07-22 02:24:24
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] hard to trust all those root CAs 
On Sun, Jul 20, 2014 at 11:12 PM, Martin Rublik This is not going to get better....
I think the only way to live with this is to
cache many certs and also cache many DNS results.
One additional escape lurks in CSS and friends.
Much web content (not just HTML) is dispersed.
The most common are links in a page to advertising
that also have their own links to other good and bad
services.   It is not just turtles all the way down --
it is ugly snapping turtles.....
It seems to me that it is easy for me to cache and check the first
level but it also seems necessary for that same first https(URI)
to also have a hash or cache for all the links and links to links...
that it triggers.
Troubles can be inserted at any level and only at the first level
is it possible to see much of the content based risks.
Dynamic content is difficult but a registered list at some clickservice.con
could be scraped for scams.... by the big boys or by services.
JavaScript might be up to the task....
One issue is very short TTL lives on dynamic DNS but each
DNS record could contain a signed 'cookie' as a TXT record.

@_date: 2014-10-28 01:14:32
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Best internet crypto clock: hmmmmm... 
How much of that image survives the conversion to a JPG compressed image.
At a RAW level this makes sense but RAW is very uncommon and most
of the raw formats are vendor specific.  EXIF data can be edited...
Extraction of noise from image data would be helped a lot by knowing
about the image source.  An opaque cover might be enough but would require
local physical activity.   Noise in a white image and noise in a black
image would
likely be very different.
Images of clouds (like lava lamps) or leaves on trees  would prove
difficult to correlate
well enough to understand noise.
Of interest Nikon went through a recall on their D600 camera where
splatters of lubrication
were showing up on the sensor over time.   Sensors (shutters) were replaced
and cleaned.  Also
the more expensive Nikon permit saving a reference image to help remove
noise and also
calibrate white balance.  The reference dust image changes with time enough
that it is
not a factory installed reference.
For images I am not convinced.   It is just too easy for a bad guy to scuff
an image
in difficult to detect ways.  To my knowledge there is nothing kin to the
dot code of copiers and printers in camera sensors (yet).  Printers good
enough to
worry the counterfeit folk early on were expensive enough to be engineered
cell phone image sensors and image software  has no budget room to make
hiding easy.

@_date: 2014-10-20 22:34:05
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Best internet crypto clock 
Implied only by the choice of a DS-1307 part.
On an I2C device there is no Read/Write pin that can be cut
to force the device to be read only in the future.  Only audited
software and software security covers that base.
I am a slightly cautious about this because I have had
to sift through system logs when time was changing
in a bad ways.   In my case an international company
complained that the time of day on our system was moving by hours
once in a while.   They told me that the network was isolated
I showed them that it was not...  It turns out that a dual boot PC
which kept TOD in local time for WindowZ but should have
kept it as UTS for the *nix environment was the problem.
The data link was just a single wire to a room to a satellite
dish to another little room to a big building full of machines
that should have been firewalled from any production site.
Yes, NTP is a better tool than the old timed tool....
They wanted subsecond or better accuracy and precision
but hardware clock oscillators were not good enough so
they allowed a network tool...
BTW they were on an island and "they thought" all was local.

@_date: 2014-10-18 00:17:58
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Best internet crypto clock 
I am with you except for the "grab NIST beacon" part.  This implies that
the clock can be set and reset.  This muddies the accuracy and precision
stuff further.
If it can be reset based on an external reference then the jury can be told
the reference is unreliable even if the device is understood...
    Some of this has been addressed with key generation devices where
management can connect the device and set and reset the device
while matching it to a user or user group account.
For the specific case of validating a photo equivalent without a
preexisting trust anchor
the problem is hard.
One special case involving security camera images where a cell phone
image (any camera)  and security camera data of the same public
location can be compared and the relative location of people in motion
can be matched.   Now the date time has value in finding the corresponding
video images captured and archived from multiple angles and from multiple
The low cost and low power of a DS-1307 does make it interesting.  It also
moves a power requirement away from programmable logic or processing
that do not need to be on all the time.

@_date: 2014-10-09 05:52:29
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Best internet crypto clock 
On Wed, Oct 8, 2014 at 10:37 PM, Peter Gutmann Thanks... I saw UTS and that is a standard that folk get serious about.
A free running tick counter that never overflows is a good thing.   Freedom
from time of day issues leap seconds and more make it easy.  The frequency
choice is open and precision and accuracy is open.   An external  map of
ticks to
historic real world time (and temperature) is interesting in the right
Might be interesting salt and pepper for hashing something for example. [?]

@_date: 2014-11-01 21:48:01
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Best internet crypto clock: hmmmmm... 
One of the driving forces to the changes in currency around
the globe was angst and some evidence of nation level
counterfeiting.   Some small number of folk still have first
hand knowledge of currency attacks in WW2 and how effective
(or not) these attacks were.  Good accounts are sparse and
like other secrets seem to still be closely held.
I know that the local farmers market and flea market vendors in
this area are very cautious about $20 bills that are apparently
color printer and color copier produced.
I did see some mumble about N. Korea and very high
end intaglio printing about the same time the US and other
nations started changing methods and designs.  A secretive
well funded organization or government can do a lot to
produce counterfeit money.   A decade or two earlier a lot of
effort was spent on durability.
It goes without saying that the secret service can use OCR
readers in multiple locations and track each and every printed
bill.   If their audits detect an interesting level I can see the next
revision of design getting released into the cycle and aggressive
audited shredder action for the previous.

@_date: 2014-11-21 23:56:36
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
I think we agree more than you think.
The large goal is to think big enough that the big boys will find value
and pull it internal where they have full control and then because
they have experience and knowledge know it works well enough to
open up and out to customers.
The small fry are not excluded.
Too large is in the class of IPV6 which is still on many to-do lists.
Yet the bigger the company the more they are working on and with
it internally.
Mail is bounded but still big enough  i.e. It does not include HTTP,  HTTPS,
FTP, NTP or all the other sub 1024 network ports.
Sub 1024 ports are interesting because in the early days
these ports were superuser only and the system manager
was the primary point of trust to limit abuse of them.   Today
a phone or tablet has more compute oomph than those systems
and the result is the sub 1024 no longer has the special place
they once had beyond being famous.

@_date: 2014-11-18 19:21:11
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
If the goal is too
large nothing will happen.
Pick one service (like mail) and design a protocol that
can be used between hosts.
Mail is a good example because it is store and forward.
At a big service like Yahoo or Google there are many sites
and internal store and forward links could use the new protocol.
At first key management might keep the new connections inside
a service.   Later a pair like Yahoo and Google could exchange
keys then others.
Same for nations.  Some *.gov email services were apparently hacked
recently so .gov mail service might see enough attention to wrap it
in a manditory access control envelope that enforces compartments.
IPV6 adds connectivity options that may allow protocol fences to be erected
they might look like VPN links and have very limited routing connectivity
All that is needed is a specific service and specific firewall rules that
current Cisco
and the like hardware can enforce and audit.
Cryptography is computationally heavy and most services are resource limited
so push-back is expected.   Establishing an on ramp to get services on
program willl be needed.   It took a long time for https to be common but
a vhttps: where all connections are via a VPN to https sites with cached
certificates might be next if http is the protocol of interest.

@_date: 2015-02-17 03:34:54
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware Program, NSA Implicated 
One lurking and difficult to sort out problem will be virtualization.
Except for performance it is turtles all the way down in some cases.
It seems important to keep that old but still works machine
handy to vet media & hardware in the air gap room.
With the flood of N cores designs some processors bin sorted at 12 cores
from the 16 core process/ mask  might have those extra cores running
magic and the only clue might be power.
What worries me most is not the NSA or CIA but criminal elements
and the reality that these are not mutually exclusive.

@_date: 2015-02-24 02:41:10
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] trojans in the firmware 
(There's a 3rd level - ghost runs -- which are made in mainstream
factories during off hours by corrupt employees without the company
knowing it.)  The only way to really tell is to destroy the device by
peeling it apart and analyzing it with instruments.
Nice summary about the OLPC.  It bootstrapped a lot of inexpensive designs.
The 3rd shift ghost runs cannot be told from authorized
runs.   The only thing missing is the audit for payment
to the device design owner.  Material goes in and goes off
the books as scrap but it is not scraped.    Given the volumes
involved it is almost easy to hide this cruft.

@_date: 2015-02-23 04:48:15
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] trojans in the firmware 
In addition it can be of value for a remote wipe.
This is interesting with phone home software that then
discovers it has been reported lost.   A small handshake and one
company might duck having to report a massive data breach.
The single largest value is the release of devices that once lived
in an interesting location and needs to be transported to a destruction
location.    Perhaps not national secrets but Amazon or Google compute
center.. or pharma... or medical records.     More valuable to RAID vendors
than customers of RAID vendors as it can be used to limit vendor liability
as they replace one rack with a new one and have to manage the trash.
Someone once commented to me that NSA and TLAs like milling machines and
the curie point of media.
All must transport the device to be trashed. Some individuals in the early
steps of the custody chain might like a quick wipe method.
Some should mention the terrible handling of disks in copy machines.
This could help in the decommission or service process but does not solve
induced problems.

@_date: 2015-02-23 04:48:15
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] trojans in the firmware 
On Sun, Feb 22, 2015 at 3:45 PM, Peter Gutmann In addition it can be of value for a remote wipe.
This is interesting with phone home software that then
discovers it has been reported lost.   A small handshake and one
company might duck having to report a massive data breach.
The single largest value is the release of devices that once lived
in an interesting location and needs to be transported to a destruction
location.    Perhaps not national secrets but Amazon or Google compute
center.. or pharma... or medical records.     More valuable to RAID vendors
than customers of RAID vendors as it can be used to limit vendor liability
as they replace one rack with a new one and have to manage the trash.
Someone once commented to me that NSA and TLAs like milling machines and
the curie point of media.
All must transport the device to be trashed. Some individuals in the early
steps of the custody chain might like a quick wipe method.
Some should mention the terrible handling of disks in copy machines.
This could help in the decommission or service process but does not solve
induced problems.

@_date: 2015-02-18 22:16:16
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] trojans in the firmware 
source code and I assume they are used in many products.
The critical stage is the boot  ROM (BIOS) and the boot device.
Once Linux has booted a lot is possible but too much has already taken
A BIOS that allows booting from a Flash memory card must be trusted.
Virtual machines may help or hinder.
The VM is sitting where the man in the middle wants to be and if it wants
can protect or expose
the OSs that it hosts.   A VM can protect a hard drive from being infected
by blocking vendor
codes that might try to update or corrupt modern disks of boot flash memory.
To help a company like Sony what if the VM established a VPN link to a
landing zone at Sony
based on previously shared keys it could be at a solid step for
establishing access to resources.
The VM can also host a user safe context so employees can access Amazon,
Gmail  or what ever
but not from a company resource of any kind.
But it all depends on the integrity of the boot process.....
As always key management and shared secret management is important.

@_date: 2015-02-18 07:41:13
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] trojans in the firmware 
My new Raspberry Pi is effectively unchanged from previous.  The SD card
and connector has been replaced
with a microSD card which permits a much better connector.  There is flash
boot ROM that is smart enough to bootstrap
a uboot chain and eventually something interesting.   That flash is not
visible from the processor might still
be available to a JTAG scan.
The Beaglebone Black flash boot code searches the onboard 2GB of nand flash
and would boot that, lacking
boot code there or seeing a "boot from mSD switch state"  on the card the
BBB will boot  from a micro SD card.
Some developers write 0x00 on the flash and test using the mSD card.
Flashing the nand flash memory can
take 40 min and then requires a reboot. So mSD is quicker to boot and test
from but not as fast for IO.
Having a large mSD card is another value.
Hacking hard disk microcode is double trouble.   Once the microcode has
been hacked all the spare
blocks and spare tracks are available to store rather heavy payloads.
These cannot be accessed unless
the hacked microcode allows (not likely).  To repair would require access
with a JTAG tester or other i2c
bus like side door if the design allows.    It is possible with physical
access to disconnect the read write heads
and position logic replacing them with a "known good" board and explore the
media.   Modern controllers have
rather airtight hardware blocks that prevent read access to stored bits.
In some a fuse link can make the lock
permanent.  Some disks keep boot bits and defect bits on spinning media and
have a hard coded boot ROM in
the processor itself. That can then boot from the spinning media.   Once
that control software is hacked on a
disk drive almost anything is possible given the heavy but hidden payload
that it can play with.
Instrumenting a drive might detect anomalies without disassembly.  If and
only if the media and signal
lines are buffered sufficiently can data bits be read by snooping on the
device and head control logic.

@_date: 2015-03-24 02:48:38
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] "Most Americans Don't Mind Being on Candid Camera" 
Our local PD asked to have security cameras "registered".
That is all well and good but having a camera makes you subject to
subpoena and seizure of the media and images.  I think the law
is unclear what the local PD can ask or demand as well as the
citizen responsibility for disclosure and access.  Also will the owner
and operator have to show up in court.
I think bank cameras are a great example of good and bad use of images.

@_date: 2015-03-23 20:13:50
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] "Most Americans Don't Mind Being on Candid Camera" 
This camera thing seems productive and innocent.   However I recall sitting
next to the
neighbors Grandmother and as a lame 9 year old asked... "Mrs, Z what
is that" and pointed at the numbers tattooed on her arm.
The current affection for cameras is in part a result of social pressure
to not get involved and to not rat out those in the same social economic
block....or undocumented individuals.     In part this is a side effect of
the war
on drugs and bigoted law and law enforcement.
We almost learned our lesson with prohibition...
My current bias is for more cameras in the hands of the public to balance
the abuses
by those in power.    We see this in eastern europe where cameras in
vehicles are
a personal defense against accidents caused by criminals to extract
and other criminal actions.
The risk of abuses has been well discussed.
The surveillance problems must be balanced with defenses
including laws to address the abuses.  Abuses that seem encoded
in "departmental policy and procedure".
Beyond crypto signatures and anti tampering methods I am
not sure where crypto applies here.

@_date: 2015-05-30 06:51:52
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dark Web should really be called the Twilight Web 
On Fri, May 29, 2015 at 8:20 PM, Kevin W. Wall Slightly OT...
Oh yeah, that's an authoritative source. The writers on that show don't
Given that IPv4 is for all practical purposes fully allocated
these seem to be the moral equivalent of  (201)555-1234.
It is a good thing that they use "bogus" addresses because
a valid address would go someplace real.

@_date: 2015-05-30 00:06:39
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dark Web should really be called the Twilight Web 
Military systems -- I suspect they would try to depend on links that they
and not an obfuscation system like ToR.
Passive snooping would see source and destination even if encrypted.
Messaging like mail would be more revealing as the store and forward
stamps communicate a lot.  Passive snooping is so possible that Internet
communications would be well managed thinking old school radio and
I am glad I do not know anything specific about such systems... their
issues are very different than individuals and the public.
The communication graph of Hillary's email might be more interesting
than the email content to some.
Interesting times...

@_date: 2015-11-21 00:28:48
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] WSJ: WH wants to meet Techies in DC re encryption 
The difficult issue for international companies involves rules for
all nations.  With 192 nations in the UN sharing of secrets becomes
a tangle.    Within each of these 192 is a long list of interested
In the USA we have 50 state governments, the CIA, the FBI, DHS and
more like the state department.     This is a thousand parties on one
side and hundreds of companies and application vendors on the other side.
Then there are borders and border crossings (multiple).
This is a lot more complex than a key under the mat or in a coffee tin
in a neighbor's garage.
In such a case the number of keepers and holders of keys over time
is so unwieldy that the only good answer lacking magic is to say no.

@_date: 2015-12-19 23:21:18
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What should I put in notifications to NSA? 
The rsync discussion is interesting with ssh.
rsync -avz -e "ssh -o StrictHostKeyChecking=no  --progress
Rsync will maintain identical images and allows the deletion of files
It supports push and pull allowing someone or push messages then
at some "chron" time delete them.  The ssh connection port is agile
and responds to port knocking and source filtering with ease.
The point to point allows central management or in the context of bot-farms
allows near anonymous clean up, delivery or obfuscation.
Yes ftp and sftp allow the same... functionality as does a telnet
uucico, NFS, http, https, blog, nannie/security cameras and more.
The most difficult to contain are OS exploit based.  If we wish to
manage the global playing field OS flaws need to vanish as quickly
as is possible.  Flaws and exploits allows the participation via a million
sources and destinations to the point that clear text would never be
seen or archived for later analysis.

@_date: 2015-12-19 22:41:21
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What should I put in notifications to NSA? 
This reminds me of the one universal reason to apply for any permit and
that is:
    "To comply with the law".
Without a gaggle or your own qualified legal staff and a bucket of $$,
simply file.  You might note that it is unclear to you that the filing
is necessary and that the notification may fall into the abundance
of caution bucket.

@_date: 2015-12-29 21:25:19
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Understanding state can be important. 
Thanks for the video link.
In the last min or so she has a slide advocating "human & civil rights".
I would add to it:  "National, human, & civil rights" to gain worthy
The security of modern nations and our modern life style depends on
reliable and secure infrastructure.  We have a lot of infrastructure that
depends on computers.
We can discuss targets like "illegal" uranium enrichment as being
fair game targets but if the controller tech is the same for lights, water,
road signals, bridges, navigation, medical care, refrigeration of food in
manufacturing, industrial, trade and national secrets troubling attacks are
too easy
to implement.
Her talk did highlight "secrets" that China and others may wish to have
control over.
Once disclosed both good and bad things become possible.
Some of these secrets may be out and in the hands of agents already.

@_date: 2015-12-25 17:05:10
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Understanding state can be important. 
State considered harmful
A proposal for a stateless laptop
Joanna Rutkowska
December 2015

@_date: 2016-01-14 04:37:09
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Verisimilitrust 
There seems to be short and long term work.
In the short term managing CAs via firewalls
and local copies of famous validated IP
addresses seems worthy.  Caches and checks
of CA answers makes a lot of sense.
Google and others could have their search page
cross check certificates local, at Google and the CA
with minimal impact on bandwidth.
DNS cannot be ignored.
VPNs seem valuable and may be more interesting than https for the likes of
GMail where some people are connected for hours.
Longer term it get difficult.

@_date: 2016-02-17 00:38:25
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Proof that the NSA does not have a quantum computer capable of attacking public k 
..
I am inclined to lower my paranoia to local coalitions
of agencies.  I am not worried about the NSA but I do
worry about....
Bitcoin transaction connectivity maps as meta data.
The blatant theft that is asset forfeiture or asset seizure has become
in some jurisdictions.  It makes it clear to me that any agency able to
make secret transactions will.   The half billion dollar wallets may
be 'safe' but transactions involving kilo dollars ones would go
unnoticed (unreported).
Reports like this one from Huff-post are numerous but so far
no reports bitcoin liquidation seem to add up.
One risk is money outside the law controlling the enforcement of law.
Bact to quantum computing... a sustained (trickling) flow of keys "freely"
relinquished by
suspects or "phonebook"/"rubber hose" obtained keys or keystroke logging
for small wallets may be the first evidence of a working QC.
The tech of a working QC of sufficient size is not simple, is not
and requires a staff.   The productivity of S. Cray in the early days or
a team the size of "The Soul of a New Machine"  might model the size of
the group of insiders.   Simulators and science need not involve insiders so
secrecy is possible for some time.

@_date: 2016-02-26 23:32:46
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate Decrypt Order 
Well the implication is that there are connections to international agents
of terror.  So the NSA might be involved up to the point that it is already
known what is on the phone but authorities are unable or unwilling to
present the information to a domestic court without exposing methods and
abilities (or illegal acts).
N.B. if it got to the DOJ making a public statement about the NSA -- they
would withdraw the request before the judge.   A number of agencies keep
interesting law outside of the courts by complying with a legal request or
withdrawing a prosecution.   Since a legal interaction is expensive those
with cash and time get one type of service.   The Miranda bit of an
attourney will be appointed only applies to criminal law.  Civil law in the
US is biased toward those with cash or members of the bar.
I might note the Win-10 optional feature of a four number pin on the lock
screen for local access.   What you know and what you are is an interesting
The PIN screen option might be easy to automate and attack.

@_date: 2016-03-07 04:56:24
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
In terms of business models Apple has two big cash
moving operations.   iTunes and Apple Pay.
Banking... is such a business model. International banking
has established needs for secure transactions and validation
of source and destinations.
More and more a phone has replaced the checkbook and
credit card.   Multi part authentication is required in more
and more facilities and systems including government
Seals or a "chop" may be a better model for a digital signature.

@_date: 2016-03-05 06:59:19
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
On Fri, Mar 4, 2016 at 2:35 PM, Phillip Hallam-Baker If this was a jury case one might ask the question about signatures.
Can the court demand you put your name and signature on a check making a
to a criminal?
Can the court demand you as citizens put your name and signature on a box
of ballots to be taken to be counted for the next presidential election
when you
are well aware that the contents of the box do not represent the wishes of
the citizens casting a ballot?
Can the court demand you to say something in writing repugnant and contrary
to your primary business and source of income and then sign it?
A slave once could have been compelled to do the bidding of the owner and
How different is is for the court to compel Apple and engineers at
Apple to labor under the threat of incarceration build something they
would normally not build and then sign it?  Further sign in a way that
to others that the service is possible and can be compelled, again.
Can the FBI and its agents draft the jury opinion and results and
demand the foreman of the jury sign, submit and attest to the document?
Can the FBI secure this by issuing 12  FISA warrants after convincing
a judge that these 12 citizens are uniquely placed and uniquely
qualified to rule in a way favorable to the expressed needs of
national security and shall be compelled to say nothing?
Apple's digital signature is tied to their credible responsibility that
they sign is theirs and in the best interest of their customers and Apple's
As a minimum the existence of compelled software lays waste to the EULA.
That opens other doors and with software in hand I might demand that my
custom bits on a USB stick be signed and installed on the single physical
in the same bag as the USB stick.
Signatures are a big thing.

@_date: 2016-03-21 23:43:59
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Lavabit's and Snowden's Solos 
A slight divergence, but a sysop perspective question
related to internet services in general.
Many systems run iptables with rate limiting to manage DOS attacks.
Many systems run CFS & LFD, fail2ban,  denyhosts, OSSEC,... to protect from
force attacks.
Many systems subscribe to a bad boy list of IP addresses to block as found
by many honeypot systems.
Other individuals run ad blockers or a version of MVPS HOSTS to limit the
risk from
snooping html/javascript.
Q: What if the request was to disable all such shields and allow an armada
of systems to
challenge one or more accounts or services with relentless coordinated
login attacks?
What would be the impact be on the community services?
Would colateral damage to such a system be allowed by law?
Would the demand switch from access to surveillance (requires speculation)?
Routing tables.. can all traffic into and out of a company like lavabit be
through routing resources with packet snooping abilities owned/controlled
the FBI even if the bandwidth was maintained.
Side channel attacks?   Remove all equal time code for crypto functions.
all manner of bugs not related to the crypto but to the implementation
framework.   Remove time
consuming functions that slow access testing.  Compile O0?

@_date: 2016-03-29 01:23:41
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] More Bad Govt Shit To Fight (Burner Verizon FBI) 
....
It should be said that it is not an issue about how many
but that there truly are some.   We have laws that work very
hard to protect minorities.  Some of these individuals that
need protection also need planning and council well in advance
of action.
The escape to a shelter is the extreme escape for those with
little of value to leave behind or with no need for legal aid.
Wives (spouses) of police officers are in extreme danger from
retaliation as safe houses are commonly known to authorities.
Restraining orders are served by coworkers and friends.
At the present time organized terrorism is apparently a smaller threat than
Such laws need utmost scrutiny as the risk of abuse and loss of
civil safety are in the balance.

@_date: 2016-06-22 17:22:40
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Digital currencies 
On Fri, Jun 17, 2016 at 3:42 PM, mok-kong shen For me the answer has to do with storage including long term storage
and volatility.   Storage media has issues beyond a couple decades
with some exceptions.
If I was to put a chunk of my life savings on a DVD in a box of Audio and
DVDs it is likely to get lost.  i.e. currency has visible denominations
and visible certifications including validations (watermarks, special inks
other anti-counterfeit measures).
Bank to bank transfers are digital today but those transfers are
proxy for ledger entries that can be audited in existing ways as
covered by law.
Auditing banks is difficult today... digital currencies seem to hobble
audit at too many levels for me to trust a bank.   Bit rot or key theft
seems to trigger absolute losses.
Digital currencies require infrastructure and devices that classical
currencies do not need.  The price of a smartphone in itself is
not justified by a cup of coffee transaction.  Failing to charge a
device or theft of a device is a full stop difficulty....
Digital currencies will find places to be used but replace not yet.

@_date: 2016-09-04 19:13:28
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] N. Korean radio broadcasts string of random numbers 
Somehow we got side tracked to the legality of this in contrast
to the reality of it.
If Korea is doing this the US/Ham radio laws do not apply.
If it is Wolfman Jack broadcasting from across the border the
transmitter is outside of the legal reach of US law.
If this is a clandestine transmitter by an agent it is interesting at other
With modern tools voice or CW can transmit global signals with power
from a lunch box and a long tuned wire antenna.  Timers can make it quiet
(power off) except on a schedule.  Spread spectrum keyed by a number
code from the mother ship might be near impossible to locate for
a return message.
If a nation state is sending these numbers it is either noise, message or
for a return message.
With the internet there is little need for bandwidth in any RF signal.
Mail boxes can be anyplace on the globe and multiple hops to find
data on any one or more of millions of hacked machines.
The historic number stations are still clouded in secrecy.
Those secrets fuel speculation... their utility is unchanged.
Rightly so those chartered with maintaining national security
and law enforcement worry about communications going dark.
Most solutions presented are selfish in design and forget the
modern symmetry (goose gander) of attack and defense.
All the grand stories of cryptographic wins involved tools and codes
unique to the opponent. Today both sides have the same tools and
that is a landscape change of great importance.
International criminals trade in data for cash today.  Alcohol
and drugs are physical contraband and have very different
communication models involving command and control.
For both it is also still a needle in a haystack problem.
So what other cryptographic value might be attached to these transmissions?

@_date: 2016-11-11 04:42:05
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] "we need to protect [our dox] by at least encrypting them" 
On the risk side most audit systems and electronic voting systems risk loss
of privacy.
Loss of privacy is troubling in in this big data world.  Ponder the
retribution some
might have on both sides of this most recent election...  Family, work,
and more...
Cost is a big driver for some of these systems.. immediacy is another.

@_date: 2016-11-04 17:21:46
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] "we need to protect [our dox] by at least encrypting them" 
So what did this wiki leak message tell us that we did not suspect or know?
I wonder what sensitive implies?
I also wonder what the option to public email addresses is?
It sounds to me as if he might have known about the big slurp in Yahoo.com
and perhaps Google.  A public email would also be *.gov server to me.
The news is hot after private email servers like HC but this WL document
 implies
to me that private servers have the potential to be more appropriate
for sensitive messages.  The news would have it be .gov to allow
a FOI request to come to play but that might be self serving for FoX and
Option example:  If Henry and I wished to have private communications I
setup a private server (local only) that we would connect to via
ssh or VPN.
i.e. Security could be done completely inside of barackobama-dot-com
with well chosen aliases and account names.
I have often speculated that the state department understood that their
dot-gov servers were insecure and that would have justified one or more
personal server
behind famous domain names or IP-address.  Aliases allow the translation of
incoming name to become diff-name
behind a firewall and that be connected to via firewall pin holes.  Alias
and subdomains behind a firewall are invisible and ephemeral.
Classified documents via electronic channels and US Mail  are a tangle.
An invoice for toilet paper could (would) be marked: classified, secret,
top secret
the instant the envelope is opened in a federal  payment facility.
Yet it originated with the vendor with no clearance who still retains an
unmarked copy.
Cryptography complicates the classification game.   It is likely that a
message encrypted with
a specific key be classified because of the key used not the content of the
In addition to the key used the method used might be classified.   i.e. The
to method as the availability of quantum tools on the horizon will prove
interesting as
expected availability of tools in the future and the security window of the
content sensitivity

@_date: 2016-12-18 23:30:42
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras to be encrypted 
This case is difficult.  Digital signatures only show that the image and
the signature
are linked.   i.e. ownership not veracity.
The solution to both the journalist and the random college student is
supporting evidence.  A phone call to a recording device like 911 has
discovered edited police videos. Time stamps from doors and other
events did not match and demonstrated gaps.   Cycle times of stop lights
further validated the bogus edits.
Photoshop in the hands of a modest talent make still images suspect.
Video in the hands of organizations quickly edit a detail to show the glint
of a weapon justifying deadly force.
The issue of story tellers convincing an audience that "you cannot just
look..." can only be countered by
equally skilled story tellers.   AND supporting evidence from multiple
On the other hand, when it's *really* necessary to check whether a photo or
Good but uncommon stuff.
Presentation is so important.   One insurance company has a small set of
commercials where the
same lines are delivered in two contexts... One is her joy and the second
is his despair.   A transcript
of the two is identical.  It is too often the best story teller that wins.
   I was listening to NPR and noted
that the audio I was listening to had a lo level background of audio
alarms.  The alarms were not in
the original.   Red breaking  news vs... calmer image of trees on the other
One can come up with situations where a cryptographically verified "seal"
Oh red light cameras...  that is yet another tangle.
Nuclear installations, spot on ...  worthy of a lot more attention than
just this.
How does one check the digital signature of an 8"x10" glossy taken with a
20-36MP camera?
The images handed to me sitting in the box a couple years back were B&W
pictures.  When I pointed
to something  that was in conflict with the narrative and passed it to the
next you should have seen the look
on the prosecutor's face and he quickly made a revision that the defense
ignored. ...
Evidence rules today needs revisions for current tech...   As a minimum
multiple cameras better sensors
and more pixels.
The night tactics involve blinding spot lights that even the best 14bit
deep sensors cannot see into the flash or gloom.
A photographer works even paints with light... Today squad cars erase with
This is interesting stuff.
I think it pays to prop up a recording cell phone and step away from it if
you suspect you might witness trouble.
Take cover...
Auto upload to the cloud, auto share with a select short list ...

@_date: 2017-02-28 21:57:54
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Schneier's Internet Security Agency - bad idea because we don't know what it will 
This is an interesting risk.
If the key used by a Vizio like company was to become public a million
"secure" hot spots
would become universal untraceable access to anyone: good, bad, frugal,
If the TLAs are serious about national security this should be tested for
as well as be made
illegal to import including software updates.
As convenient setup goes little prevents a device from setting up a mesh
network of nearest neighbors
and then hop their way to a connection.
Automatic updates with bad services might precede a heavy handed larger
Like sleeper cells but not people.

@_date: 2017-07-11 02:25:27
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Trump wants to collaborate with the Russians to secure U.S. elections 
From my information bubble it seems the election was not hacked.
I see a number of things. Mostly criminal.  One is voter records.  They are
full of personal ID information   and would be a rich source of ID theft,
treasure.   All the information needed to initiate financial fraud on the
US population.. so very handy individual or many...
Email hacks ... organizational email hacks has a market.  News and media
Outlets pay to get,
organizations pay to sequester...  others pay to play and embarrass.   Like
paparazzi, they get what they can to sell.
Maddison avenue targeting and profiling... all want to play.  Media is ALL
targeted, sliced and diced by region and market.   Private money can buy
time and say almost anything.   The unaudited private money could  be
domestic, international business, international government.
There is apparently zero evidence that votes were lost or falsified in new
digital ways by foreign agents despite the terrible security of digital
systems.  Next time who knows!
As Secretary of State Hillary was face to face with the most sexist and
racist governments on the planet.   Only Condolica Rice had more poke them
in the eye factor than Hillary.    Most of the globe would "vote" against
her...   criminals might get a get out of jail free card by targeting
american famous people like HRC if that government had issues or axes to
My take is net neutrality is more important, at least equal to these
hacking allegations.
Russian crime... as long as they pull money in it will continue with a
blind eye by Mother Russia as long as there is little or no internal
theft.  Putin's cash cow!
So system security, system design,  key management, well chosen encryption
of data at rest and in transit.
Suffer no fools that would request and collect the critical data of a
nation without a security plan first.  Sure just send it and trust us is
not a plan.   System flaws are two way double edge risks.  Our digital
systems use is more extensive than most nations.  A flaw is asymmetric the
wrong way for the US, UK, EU, Japan.   Most of the world uses the same
As for working with Russia... a New Yorker might have a bridge to sell
you.  But Trump, no.

@_date: 2017-11-29 15:32:09
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Intel Management Engine pwnd 
used by the system and configure it to use a different set of IP addresses.
  IPv6 and dual v6&v4 networks confuse things a lot in this discussion.
TIme to live counters are not configurable.  Low TTL count can limit packet
routing and keep data in the building.
Some networks links are promiscuous collecting and inspecting all packets
for security reasons.  The physical MAC address might be impersonated by
another device...  network switches pay attention to the MAC address.
Network switches and routers have been hacked...
Network router configurations when things are working as intended are a
pain. To use the device the net must be connected and accessible.   System
vendors also have their own little management device in server boxes...
For me, These management devices are in the same doghouse as the pile of
IOT devices: cameras, thermostats, light controls, refrigerators, audio
devices, infrastructure devices, electric grid controls, meters, water,
gas.....   The failures at intel are part of a much larger problem space.

@_date: 2017-11-23 07:59:31
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Intel Management Engine pwnd (was: How to find hidden/undocumented instructions 
The missing bit is a physical off or disconnect switch in the design for
this subsystem.
There are updates..
The list of processors is quite long.
News at 11.

@_date: 2017-12-21 20:40:22
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
On the quantum computing side... it is here in the context of the
life of investments mod the ability to move from a pre-Q chain to a post-Q
It does not take AI to add new twists to computation.
If we are lucky "quantum supremacy stuff will be overhyped and

@_date: 2017-12-20 19:47:03
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
Missing/Omitted in this thread is a mention of quantum computing vs.
At first quantum computing will be only available to nation states and
monster corporations.
Will they play nice?  Then there may be AI discovered insights into
existing methods with
or without quantum computing.
see Programming Pearls by Bentley or as we all know "It is easy is you know

@_date: 2017-12-18 22:28:34
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
On Sat, Dec 16, 2017 at 11:25 AM, Phillip Hallam-Baker <
This has implications in the world of search and seizure by law enforcement
as well as company assets.
An open wallet  could be used to transfer all the bit coins to another
The other wallet could be one for which the key has been lost (on purpose).
The target public key would be deleted from the wallet.
A spiteful employee, spouse, child or officials with an agenda could do
damage without
leaving evidence as best I can tell.
Spite is a great motivator...

@_date: 2017-12-15 22:25:07
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
On Wed, Dec 13, 2017 at 12:19 PM, Thierry Moreau <
I suspect LVTS is different enough remove from a comparison.
Since both ends of the transfer are known a transfer in error can be
corrected with a second LVTS.
Perhaps with litigation...
And: The number of players is small:  "As of 2014, there were 16
institutions, including the Bank of
Canada participating in LVTS" per WP.
Bitcoins are not 100% anonymous but close enough and fast enough to
require analysis
that may not fully disambiguate the players.    Yes the IRS is working to
discover tools for tracking.

@_date: 2018-01-05 19:55:41
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Speculation re Intel HW cockup; reqs. OS rewrites & slow execution 
It is not x86 but the design decisions to make their part execute code
It is expensive and it also depends on a lot of external designs.  Disk
controllers have system interfaces, WiFi, display and
graphics subsystems.  It is more than Intel, ARM or AMD.
Cross licensing of patents push and pull common ideas in unexpected ways.
.... hmmm....
This physical  *visor  point opens a crypto door.
As for digging a hole and stopping... ,trying to dig the bottom of a hole
first is worth thinking about.
Are we trying to dig the bottom first?  It is not something that can be
done..  but miners raise tunnels
from the bottom because they are bottom already.
The crypto door may open on smaller projects to get under and go to work
building a better system.
Encryption and key management might be off loaded to a card little
different than a graphics or WiFi subsystem.
Keys and other 'secrets' would go in (never out) and not reside in
system/kernel memory for lengthy periods.
Data would go in and encrypted results seen at an output port that could be
mapped and isolated.
The processor and device could be dumb enough to not need difficult to
design complexity.
The code could be limited and 'safer' by design using methods like seL4 and
not be permitted to
run user code. The cost target should allow replacement with revision two,
three, ... N.
An external device could be designed and deployed on old hardware and might
arrive quicker than
new silicon from the big guys.  It could be a partial solution of value and
might mitigate other attacks.
Right now password safes are a potential risk...  cloud users that use them
on the cloud might reconsider
and use an air gap machine for secrets.
i.e.  What can be done from the bottom of the mountain?
       example: external VPN,  firewall devices and old phones in airplane
mode for air-gaped password management..

@_date: 2018-01-05 10:37:30
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Speculation re Intel HW cockup; reqs. OS rewrites & slow execution 
Speculation hides loading cache and that is in part the design win.   First
level cache
is crazy fast today and actions there are an order of magnitude quicker
than main memory.
Constraining speculation to cached data and instructions is something
compilers try to do
With loop optimization including loop unrolling and memory footprints to
not trigger cache line sharing and read modify write actions to memory.
Tinny keyboard.. Mobile ... I am

@_date: 2018-01-05 02:16:14
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Speculation re Intel HW cockup; reqs. OS rewrites & slow execution 
One  is to make sure we know which of the multitude of problems
is being discussed.
Two is to have more (or less) registers to speculate into.  Speculation
depths of 200+ instructions touches at a lot of stuff and has
a lot of results that may need to be canceled and unwound.
In this mailing list the one that is going to be interesting next month is
the side channel that allows
processes at different mandatory security levels inside a machine to
at bit rates much faster than 1 bps.   This one may well lurk behind door
 for security experts
long after the big nasty bug that makes soggy pudding of cloud computing
gets addressed.
To do speculative execution "right" is complex and hard.  It solves some
memory and
latency problems so one solution is to remove the need with better memory
and I/O.
Registers... some will recall the Z80 with two sets of registers. Something
like that
might be applied in hardware but then the architecture and perhaps the ISA
would break way too much stuff.
No easy answer.   Time to dust off my system and computer architecture
The old books may have clues that the modern "kids" no longer see behind
a logic block by another team.
Most system bugs I got involved in over the years were at team boundarys
both hardware and software.  i.e. organizational and management.

@_date: 2018-05-05 18:19:12
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] A quicker block chain? ... Thunderella 
.....
Block chain is vastly bigger than a crypto currency.
It is evolving into a distributed ledger system and has potential
in the secure (cryptographicly secure) foundation of supply
chain management and even banking.
It does not need to obfuscate and hide transactions or the identity.
However reliability and correctness does mater for business systems.

@_date: 2018-05-04 22:47:33
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A quicker block chain? ... Thunderella 
This is interesting for blockchain transactions reducing transaction time
from bitcoin's 10 mi to less than a second.   The crypto anchor is PGP.
There seems to be value with and without proof of work models.
Thunderella: Blockchains with Optimistic Instant Confirmation - Elaine Shi
BPASE '18, January 24-26th 2018, Stanford University
Thunderella: Blockchains with Optimistic Instant Confirmation - BPASE '18
Three papers:
The Sleepy Model of Consensus
Thunderella: Blockchains with Optimistic Instant Confirmation
Snow White: Robustly Reconfigurable Consensus and Applications to
Provably Secure Proofs of Stake
There is a startup:

@_date: 2019-01-24 22:06:38
@_author: Tom Mitchell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Implementing full Internet IPv6 end-to-end encryption based on Cryptographically  
Not just stranger, strangers.
A given IP address of any type could present data from any of a billion
DHCP for IPv4 and IPv6 make IP addresses ephemeral to the point that a
established connection cannot be trusted a second time.  DHCP and friends
are not obligated to
refresh with the same IP address if I recall correctly so that dynamic
needs to be
That said inside a well managed network (local, metropolitan or global)
link encryption
has great value but is not sufficient with structured and unstructured
company data
and secrets hosted on any specific IP address (multi interface machines?).
An interesting thought:  A browser has numerous network connections.  Is
their a MAC
(mandatory access control) strategy inside any browser that enforces
read/write rules
for files, cache, cookies, etc so meltedcheese.com  cannot interact with
and keep some URI specific durable enough ID/key to pickup when IP
addresses change
or the lid of a lap top is closed and opened multiple times.
An application (browser) can attempt this by itself (model as in clay) and
with quality OS support
have some chance of durability (cast in bronze) in the future.
