
@_date: 2001-11-14 15:40:04
@_author: mkrickert@earthlink.net 
@_subject: 12 Steps To Hacking Into A Computer 
I'm an ex-captain of a football team and I used to beat me and all of me too
when I was drunk.  Here are 12 ways to a life full of happiness, joy and
freedom.  Tell your boyfriend to pick on something his own size, like his
penis or brain because I think he is running on only one headlamp.  Some are
sicker than others.
1. We admitted we were powerless over alcohol - that our lives had become
2. Came to believe that a Power greater than ourselves could restore us to
3. Made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as
we understood Him.
4. Made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves.
5. Admitted to God, to ourselves and to another human being the exact nature
of our wrongs.
6. Were entirely ready to have God remove all these defects of character.
7. Humbly asked Him to remove our shortcomings.
8. Made a list of all persons we had harmed, and became willing to make
amends to them all.
9. Made direct amends to such people wherever possible, except when to do so
would injure them or others.
10. Continued to take personal inventory and when we were wrong promptly
admitted it.
11. Sought through prayer and meditation to improve our conscious contact
with God as we understood Him, praying only for knowledge of His will for us
and the power to carry that out.
12. Having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps, we tried
to carry this message to alcoholics and to practice these principles in all
our affairs.
Tell him that he has a drinking problem, stop seeing him immediately and
advise him to GET TO AN A MEETING!
"Official Cyperpunks Dear Abbey Contributor"
 -----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Bobby Bob
Sent:	Wednesday, November 14, 2001 5:54 AM
I'm a nineteen year old female who would like to hack into my ex-boyfriends
computer. He's captain of the football team and he use to beat me and all
the kids in the Audio/Visual club at school when he was drunk. Could you
please tell me how to hack into a computer.
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
