
@_date: 2004-11-25 00:15:59
@_author: "Invenio Sales" 
@_subject: Re: Email Marketing Campaigns --- 1 year for $500 
Do you believe in the saying, "Persistence pays"?  We do, and so we're writing you this letter.
We're a marketing firm who excels in setting qualified sales appointments and sales support for small and midsize companies.  We succeed where others fail because of our persistence. Email Marketing Campaigns --- Starting at $500
- 12 months of broadcasting - Email Ads (We provide effective text only sales letters)
- We provide your targeted list (Call us to ask how targeted they are!)
- We firewall your company's name by only sharing your identity with prospects who ARE interested in your services
- We'll maintain Can-Spam compliancy (we'll remove all removal requests from list before each new broadcast)
- We forward all leads to you via email
Lets not waste any time in getting you digitally bonded with your prospects.  Your future profits and our own depend upon it.
Matt LaClear
Marketing Director
(Select Target)*(Adjust Stance)*(Swing Full, Controlled and HARD)*(Follow Through) = Success
This is an advertisement from Invenio Sales.  To be removed fom our list simply hit reply and type "remove" in the subject line.  To be removed via US Mail write the advertiser at 2107 Ferrol St, Lansing, MI  48910

@_date: 2004-12-09 16:47:33
@_author: "Matt LaClear" 
@_subject: Re: Advertise via email -- only 4 days remaining on promotion 
Seasons Greetings!  Save $100 if we receive your signed proposal and
payment by midnight on Monday the 13th.  Don't let the holidays slow your sales cycle down!  Prospects respond to
email marketing ads even during the holiday season so don't make the
mistake of waiting until the first of the year to begin marketing.  With
our help you can begin marketing before everyone breaks for the holidays!
If we receive your signed proposal and payment by midnight on Monday
December 13th we'll deduct $100 from our normal rate of $500. Email Marketing Campaign --- $500 - One year of broadcasts (One broadcast a month)
- Email Ads (We provide effective text only sales letters)
- We provide your targeted list (Call us to ask how targeted they are!)
- We firewall yor company's name by only sharing your identity with
prospects who ARE interested in your services
- We'll maintain Can-Spam compliancy (we'll remove all removal requests
from list before each new broadcast)
- We forward all leads to you via email
Thank you for your interest and we look forward to building a mutually
beneficial relationship with your company.
Matt LaClear
Marketing Director
517-214-8061 (Mobile)
(Select Target)*(Adjust Stance)*(Swing Full, Controlled and HARD)*(Follow
Through) = Success
