
@_date: 2013-09-07 03:51:49
@_author: "Marcus D. Leech" 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Why prefer symmetric crypto over public key crypto? 
I find public-key cryptography to be full of "dirty little secrets".  Some of the notions inherent in public-key *infrastructure* are, on the face of them,
   preposterous.  Consider the notion of a certificate authority.  I am to trust some third party (the CA) that I've never met, and have not the    reason to trust, is able to make a "believable" assertion about the identity (and corresponding public-key binding), of some *other* party I've never
   met, and have no real reason to trust.  It always struck me as another instance of "there's no problem in CS that can't be solved by adding another
   layer of abstraction".   I think this is an instance of a general problem with digitally-signed documents of all kinds: confusion about exactly what they
   are--a signature on a document (like a certificate) says nothing about the *essential truth* of the statements contained within the document.
   When SlushySign issues a certificate for " there's a subtle distinction between "we believe this to be the appropriate binding
   between this public-key, and an entitity known as   and "this really is the binding between this pubic-key, and the entity you
   all know as I started thinking about the "essential truth" problem back when the whole TPM thing was popular, and proponents were talking as if the digital
   signature of a computer stating that it was "sane" was somehow the same is said computer actually being "sane".   Absent independent    there's no way to distinguish a strongly-signed "lie" from a strongly-signed "truth".   That isn't necessarily a problem that's confined to PK systems.
   Any digital-signature scheme has that problem.
The other thing that I find to be a "dirty little secret" in PK systems is revocation.  OCSP makes things, in some ways, "better" than CRLs, but I still
   find them to be a kind of "swept under the rug" problem when people are waxing enthusiastic about PK systems.
However, PK is the only pony we've managed to bring to this circus, so, we we "make do" with making the "dirty little secrets" as inoffensive as we can.
The cryptography mailing list
