
@_date: 2004-10-01 00:35:16
@_author: Ten Million six hundred thousand U.S.Dollars 
@_subject: GOODLUCK 
Dear Sir
I am Mrs. Loi Mariam person from Malaysia a undergoing  medical treatment. I am married to Dr. Alan Martin Estrada Who worked with Malaysia embassy in South Africa for nine years before he died in the year 2000.
We were married for eleven years without a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four
days. Before his death we were both born again Christians. Since his death I decided not to re-marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home that the Bible is against. When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of$10.6Million (Ten Million six hundred thousand U.S.Dollars) with one finance security company in Europe.Presently, this money is still with the Security Company. Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for more years due to cancer problem.Though what disturbs me most is this money in custody of the finance company.
 Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to church or better charity organization that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct here in.
I want a church or organization that will use this to fund churches, assist orphanages, widows and propagating the word of God and to ensure that the house of God is maintained. The Bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that gives. I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not God fearing and I don't want my husband's hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers. I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner, hence the reason for taking this bold decision. I am not afraid of death hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the Lord. I will surely appreciate your assistance and thank you for your kindness in giving the less privileges this help. Thank you and God bless you and you family.     Yours sincerely,
Mrs. Loi Mariam Estrada.
