
@_date: 2002-05-22 06:17:56
@_author: "moha Yadudu" 
@_subject: Banking Transaction 
PERSONAL/CONFIDENTIAL PROPOSAL My name is Moha Yadudu, a Lawyer, and very active in
the legal practice in Nigeria. I was also a lawyer to
the late President, General Sanni Abacha.  Now General
Abacha is dead, and Mohammed the first son is facing a
lot of persecution due to his involvement in anti democracy activities during  the rule of his late
father. Also there are alleged  fraudulent  activities
that Mohammed has been linked to with the father and,
the government of today is after the  family to
recover everything. They have claimed all  the
family's wealth and I am making this contact on behalf of Mrs. Mariam  Abacha, the wife, not  minding
the consequences, but hoping that you would understand our predicament hence the need for your urgent assistance and co-operation.  My aim of
contacting you is to crave your indulgence  to assist
us in securing some funds, abroad for safe  keeping
which incidentally is part of the family  wealth.
Fortunately with the  assistance and co-operation of a
local banker,  we were able to safe guard some of the
funds  pending when the whole situation will be calm.
With the present agreement reached by Mrs.Abacha to
return most of their funds to the federal Government,
we are now in a position to take out the remaining
funds that had been left in Nigeria. The funds in
question were machine packed in trunk boxes said to contain sensitive photographic materials. We now  wish
to relocate this funds  in a  foreigner's name to
avoid any trace. Now that we are  in a democratic
government, this is our opportunity to remove the
money, and we are willing to offer you 15%  of the
funds after the transaction for your co-operation. Note that this money was defaced for security reasons and will be refaced by a chemist as soon all arrangements are concluded by both of us. The amount involved is $140Million(One hundred and forty million
dollars)  All I need from you is an assurance that you
can  handle the amount involved comfortably and that I
can  also trust you with this very arrangement.  Be
rest  assured that there is no risk involved since I
have  taken care of everything. I want you to immediately  inform me of your willingness in
assisting and  co-operating with us, so that I can
send you full  details of this transaction and let us
make  arrangement for a meeting and discuss at length
on how to transfer/invest this funds. Also furnish me
with  your  private Tel/Fax Numbers(Private) for a
personal contact with you. Finally, I  am trusting on
your full understanding on this, hoping that there
will be absolute confidentiality. Awaiting with
interest your response and hoping to  develop good
business relationship with you. Yours sincerely,  Danlami Yaro
