
@_date: 2015-12-09 06:49:59
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Wired Outs Satoshi? 
"In the last weeks, WIRED has obtained the strongest evidence yet of
Satoshi Nakamoto’s true identity. The signs point to Craig Steven
Wright, a man who never even made it onto any Nakamoto hunters’ public
list of candidates, yet fits the cryptocurrency creator’s profile in
nearly every detail. And despite a massive trove of evidence, we still
can’t say with absolute certainty that the mystery is solved. But two
possibilities outweigh all others: Either Wright invented bitcoin, or
he’s a brilliant hoaxer who very badly wants us to believe he did."
Previous candidates include Newsweek's expose on Dorian Nakamoto, and
the suggestion that our own Nick Szabo is the guilty party.
In other news, I just got one of the lovely new Bitcoin VISA Debit
Cards put out by Shift.  I can now spend my Bitcoins at 38 million
merchants worldwide.
Science marches on.

@_date: 2015-12-09 14:06:00
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Re: Satoshi Hacked/Leaked/Hoaxed And Outed 
"Satoshi" just got raided by the Australian Federal Police, allegedly
for reasons unrelated to Bitcoin.

@_date: 2016-02-19 17:12:46
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Re: FBI tries to make Apple to facilitate timely brute-force 
Of course, using 4 or 6 digit passcodes on the iPhone and then erasing
the encryption keys after 10 failed password attempts really isn't
security, so perhaps this is a bit too much drama over something
It's not like the FBI can't mirror the encrypted filesystem without
booting the phone, and then play with it in the laboratory and hack to
their hearts content, on much faster processors.
Only a password long enough that it can't be brute forced provides any
real security, and it will be interesting to see if the terrorists
cared enough to employ this option, or were lazy and just used a PIN
I therefore suspect this case is about whether the government can
force a company to write special software to assist in an
investigation.  In this particular case, 75% of the public is on the
side of the government, and it's an excellent opportunity to push the
envelope in the direction of obstructing the free use of strong
I wouldn't be surprised if the NSA has already cracked the phone, and
this is all just contrived security theater.

@_date: 2017-08-18 18:07:30
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Re: Daily Stormer Hit From All Sides 
The Daily Stormer just came back on the Clearnet as dailystormer.lol,
with DDOS protection from BitMitigate, a Seattle company.
"The .LOL top-level domain will provide individuals, businesses or
organizations with a unique web address for funny or comedic content."
Let's see how long this lasts.
Mike Duvos

@_date: 2017-08-17 02:32:39
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Re: Daily Stormer Hit From All Sides 
Oddly, Tucker Carlson just said almost the same thing on his show.
In a few months, there will be uncensorable versions of every single
service that kicked The Daily Stormer off today.  The Internet
responds pretty quickly to attempts to damage the free flow of

@_date: 2017-08-16 20:57:38
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Daily Stormer Hit From All Sides 
Everyone's favorite Neo-Nazi parody and trolling site, The Daily
Stormer, written by Andrew Anglin, has had a bad several days.  They
published an article calling the road rage victim at the "Unite the
Right" rally a "fat childless 32-year-old slut," and the forces of
political correctness went wild.
GoDaddy gave them 24 hours to find a new domain registrar, and they
moved to Google.  Google cancelled their registration and froze the
domain, preventing them from moving it again, effectively stealing it.
They came back up as dailystormer.wang, in Chinese jurisdiction, but
that domain was seized after a few hours.  They then tried
dailystormer.ru, but Cloudflare then dumped them after a Quartz
article accused Cloudflare of "Enabling Hate."
Twitter then cancelled their status page.
They've managed to get an onion address up, at dstormer6em3i4km.onion
which points to the few places they haven't been kicked off of yet.
With major chunks of important Internet infrastructure in the hands of
giant private corporations, who can decline service to anyone at any
time for any reason, unpopular speech can get stomped on without it
technically being "censorship", which is regulation of speech by the
Reading The Daily Stormer doesn't make anyone a Nazi, anymore than
reading The Landover Baptist Church makes someone a Baptist.
It will be interesting to see what happens with the site, because
right now, they are kind of the Spotted Owl in the free speech forest.
