
@_date: 2010-12-09 18:53:48
@_author: Matthew Petach 
@_subject: Re: Over a decade of DDOS--any progress yet? 
OK.  People took exception to my last message, as the data from
it was 2 years old.
Here's data from 2010, which shows that the problem isn't
the MSFT OS itself; it's the third-party apps that people
happily double click on and install willy-nilly:
(yes, you have to read past some apple bashing at the
beginning; get past that, and you hit the real aspect, which is that
the major security vulnerabilities exist in third party applications,
rather than the OS itself.)
So, as much as I love Microsoft bashing as much as the next
person (and the folks here know there's definite reasons why
I'll usually be one of the first in line to bash them, when the
situation calls for it), in this case, putting the thumbscrews to
Microsoft isn't going to fix buggy Acrobat Reader software,
and all those other third party apps that people use to exploit
the platform.
The sheer volume of bots may still be Windows boxes, yes; but that
doesn't mean the initial vulnerability and exploit happened anywhere
in the Microsoft code base.
Look at how many vulnerabilities have been listed for Adobe Acrobat
Reader, for example:
159 vulnerabilities in Adobe Reader, vs 69 in Windows 7:
Sure, there's more windows boxes out there than any other OS.
But that doesn't mean the weakness and vulnerabilities being
exploited are *part of the native OS*.
If the OS is 100% bulletproof, but users are still installing
insecure third party apps that are riddled with holes, you're
still going to see more botnet machines with that OS fingerprint
than any other, simply based on their overall percentage
representation out of the total count of computers; but hammering
on the OS vendor isn't going to do *anything* to slow down the rate
of infection--there isn't anything more they can do.
So--as much as I dislike Microsoft, beating on them isn't
the answer here.  Tell people to stop installing buggy
software like Adobe Acrobat Reader, and you'll get
closer to stemming the tide of infections.

@_date: 2010-12-09 08:37:28
@_author: Matthew Petach 
@_subject: Re: Over a decade of DDOS--any progress yet? 
If you look at the national vulnerability database listings, though,
it's really not clear who you'd need to go after:
Granted, that was two years ago; but it sure seems that just
vilifying Microsoft, satisfying though it might be, would be to
ignore the breadth of the problem.

@_date: 2010-12-08 18:34:31
@_author: Matthew Petach 
@_subject: Re: Over a decade of DDOS--any progress yet? 
Another thing to be aware of--when you get hit with what seems to be
a "simple" flooding attack aimed at one point of your infrastructure...
start checking your logs at _other_ places in your network very, VERY
There seems to be a trend of using larger-scale flooding, or other
simple types of attacks to get all the network people at an organization
rushing over to throw resources and energy at it...while the real target
of the attack is something completely different, on a different subnet, in
a different part of the company; and that attack is small, carefully focused
at its target, and is designed to be relatively quiet.  The "big" attack is used
simply to ensure all the human energy is focused on the wrong place,
increasing the chance that what otherwise might caused raised eyebrows
and double-checking of logs/IDS alerts, etc. gets missed while everyone
is focusing on the"big" attack.
And, in what seems to be an increasing trend, what they are watching
for is *not* necessarily the result of the large botnet attack; they're checking
on the results of their targeted probes elsewhere in the network, or on the
outbound set of connections from a compromised machine within an
organization; after all, during a huge DDoS attack, with everyone focusing
on a set of uplinks being flooded with _inbound_ traffic, who is going to
notice the (relatively smaller) outbound spike of traffic as the compromised
machine sends out a copy of your internal intellectual property to the
miscreant recipients?
(speaking purely hypothetically, of course, and definitely not on behalf
of any institution or entity other than myself)

@_date: 2011-02-04 22:27:32
@_author: Matthew Petach 
@_subject: Re: Weekend Gedankenexperiment - The Kill Switch 
As has been noted previously, it's all about your frame of
reference.  If the US is removed from the Internet, it does not
mean the Internet stops working; from the perspective of the
rest of the world, the Internet is still there.
likewise, when Egypt shut down the internet (from their perspective),
it was essentially a complete shutdown, from their viewpoint; nothing
on the internet was reachable.  This did not mean the Internet shut
down; for most of the rest of the world, they barely noticed Egypt was
The Internet itself will continue to function, no matter what silliness the
US political system attempts to engage in; from the perspective of those
in the US, it may appear that "the Internet" is unable to survive such an
attack; but from the perspective of the rest of the world, it really will be
localized damage in the US, and not at all a case of the Internet being
shut down.

@_date: 2013-09-06 18:13:00
@_author: Matthew Petach 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
Ah.  So, if we all become ordained ministers, our communications
become privileged communications not subject to monitoring by
the US government?
(spoken mostly tongue-in-cheek; but it would be fun to see
the government go up against the religious right on the
question of whether the government has the right to
violate the seal of the confessional and monitor layperson
communications with their clergy...)

@_date: 2013-11-02 07:21:55
@_author: Matthew Petach 
@_subject: Re: latest Snowden docs show NSA intercepts all Google and Yahoo DC-to-DC traffic 
I'm just gonna toss this URL out here...
and note the terms and conditions for purchase:
General Terms & Conditions
Delivery dates for all products will be established by General Dynamics
at the time of order acceptance.
All specifications, products and pricing are subject to change or
discontinuance at anytime without notice.
Prior written approval from the National Security Agency (General Dynamics
will submit request) and a current
COMSEC account is required for all purchases
I'll leave it as an exercise for the reader to
think about what it means to put encryption
technology into the network that requires
written approval from the NSA to purchase...

@_date: 2013-11-01 01:26:46
@_author: Matthew Petach 
@_subject: Re: latest Snowden docs show NSA intercepts all Google and Yahoo DC-to-DC traffic 
Oy...OK, let me find a document that spells it out
a bit more clearly for you.
This patent covers a technique developed to do
non-intrusive optical tapping with a 0.5" microbend,
with only 0.5dB signal loss:
Most people aren't going to be able to tell a
0.5dB loss from a microbend tap from a splice

@_date: 2013-11-01 00:24:11
@_author: Matthew Petach 
@_subject: Re: latest Snowden docs show NSA intercepts all Google and Yahoo DC-to-DC traffic 
No need for intrusive techniques such as direct taps:
"Of all the techniques, the bent fiber tap is the most easily deployed with
risk of damage or detection. The paper quantifies the bend loss required to
tap a
signal propagating in a single mode fiber"
