
@_date: 2004-11-05 20:24:47
@_author: "Mr.El Gailu Malick" 
@_subject: good day. 
Dear Sir.
I am EL.Gailu Malick.
The Bank Manager of PACIFIC BANK PLC DAKAR-SENEGAL,
Branch. I have urgent and very confidential business
proposition for you. On June 6 2000, a Chinese oil
consultant/contractor with the SENEGALIS National
Petroleum Corporation, Mr.Chung Wyi made a numbered
time (Fixed) deposited for twelve calendar months,
valued at US$13,000,000.00(thirteen Million Dollars)
in my branch.Upon maturity, I sent a routine
notification to his forwarding address but got no
reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we
discovered from his contract employers, SENEGALIS
National Petroleum Corporation that Mr.Chung Wyi died
from an automobile accident. On further investigation,
I found out that he did not leave a WILL and all
attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Mr.Chung Wyi did not declare any next of kin in
all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit
paperwork. This sum of US$13,000,000.00 is still
sitting in the Bank and the interest is being rolled
over with the principal sum at the end of each year.
No one will come forward to claim it. According to our
LAW,at the expiration of 5 (five) years,the money will
revert to the ownership of the SENEGAL Government if
nobody applies to claim the funds. Consequently, my
proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to
stand in as the next of kin to Mr.Chung Wyi so that
the fruits of this old man's labor will not get into
the hands of some corrupt officials. This is simple, I will like you to provide me
immediately with your full names and address so that
the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and
affidavits, which will put you in place as the next of
kin. We shall employ the services of two attorneys for
drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the
necessary documents and letter of probate /
administration in your favor for the transfer.
A bank account in any part of the world, which you
provide, will then facilitate the transfer of this
money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin. The money
will be paid into your account for us to share in the
ratio of 60% for me and 30% for you and then the
remaining 10 will be maped out for any expences done
before or after the transfer.  As all the paperwork for this transaction will be done
by the attorney and my position as the Branch Manager
guarantees the successful execution of this
transaction.If you are interested,please reply
immediately via the private email address below.
Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more
details and relevant documents that will help you
understand.Please observe utmost confidentiality, and
rest assured that this transaction would be most
profitable for both of us because I shall require your
assistance to invest my share in your country.
Awaiting your urgent reply via email.
Thanks and regards,
EL.Gailu Malick.
The Manager Pacific Bank Plc Dakar Branch.
