
@_date: 2002-04-19 17:45:21
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: wanting to help you 
We don't know each other yet but I talked to your friend john last week at work.  I'm a nutritionist
so I'm helping him get in shape.  Anyways your name came up while we were daydreaming about sipping Pina Colada's on a sunny beach in the Bahamas.  He said you're a real friend and good person whose had a lot of trouble losing weight,
so I promised him I'd drop you a line and maybe give you some advice on getting trim for the summer.  Well I'm a man of my word, so that's why I'm writing you :-)
I'll just give you some basic tips right now, but if you
want more advice, don't hesitate to ask.  A friend of a friend
is my friend!
The first thing you should be careful about is diet pills.
There is a LOT of stuff on the market, and most of it is completely bogus.  Some of those guys promise miracles
that even God couldn't deliver!  In my experience, there's
only been one diet product that actually works, and it's called "E.P.P." and I *HIGHLY* recommend it. I'm a personal trainer as well as a nutritionist, so
I recommend "E.P.P". to all my clients, and they've
had great results so far.  You can read more about it at
I can give you a few more tips that should make a BIG DIFFERENCE
in the way you look this summer. OK, Watching TV or going to bed after meals is a big no-no.  Try to walk for at least 10 minutes after eating dinner to give your stomach a chance to digest the food.  Also keep in mind it's not how much you eat, but what you eat.  It's best to avoid foods with a lot of carbs, like pasta. Regular excercise is also important.  Don't worry, there's no need to run a marathon!  If you just make a habit of walking 20 minutes a day three times a week, you'll start seeing results. Even if you can't excercise or change your eating habits
right away, I still strongly recommend you try E.P.P.
It's been a big success for everyone I've talked to.  Again the website is Well, I hope I've fulfilled my promise to John! Try
following the tips above and you'll probably get to the
Bahamas before us!  Since you're a friend of his, just email me if you have any questions about dieting or nutrition, and I will be glad to help!  Take care,
Brian Orensen
