
@_date: 2004-11-07 00:57:33
@_author: "Mrs. Fatima Iyesa Ismiana" 
@_subject: URGENT MAIL/GOD BLESS YOU? 
My dearest in Christ,
May God be praised!!!
I am Mrs. Fatima Iyesa Ismiana, from Kuwait.
I am married to Usman Ismiana of blessed memory who worked with Kuwait
embassy in Madrid Spain for nine years before he died in the year
We were married for eleven years without a child he died after a brief
illness that lasted only four days. Before his death he was a very
devoted Muslim and I was a devoted Christian by birth battling with
both cancer and fibroid problems when my late husband was alive he
deposited the sum of $15million dollars (FIFTEEN million dollars)
with an overseas finance and security firm. Presently,this money is
still with finance and security firm. Recently, my doctor told me that
I had a terminating illness (cancer) that would last for the next four
Though what disturbs me most is my stroke sickness, having known
mycondition I decided to donate this fund to either a Christian
organization or a devoted Christian individual that will utilize
this money the way I am going to instruct here in. I want this
Christian organization or individual to use this money in all
sincerity to fund churches, orphanages, widows and also propagating
the word of God and to ensure that the society upholds the views
and beliefs of the holy bible.The holy bible emphasized so much on
the giving of alms,charity and this has encouraged me in taking this
bold step.
I took this decision because I don't have any child to start from and
where I will stop and my husband's relatives are all Muslims and I
don't want my husband hard earned money to be misused by people that
call me an unbeliever.
I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an unholy
manner hence the reason for taking this bold decision. I know that
after death I will be with God the most high and the most merciful
one. I don'tneed any telephone communications but will only give you
the contact of my lawyer Barr Frank Paul.
because he is the one who is going to assist you in making you the
beneficiary of the consignment in the finance and security firm.With
God, I know that all thing are possible and as soon as I receive your
reply through my lawyer I will now give him instruction to make you
the beneficiary of the consignment and all necessary steps to take
before receiving these funds and I shall also give you the contact
of the finance and security firm I will also issue you a letter of
authority that will prove you as the original beneficiary of the
I want you and the Christian community where you reside toalways pray
for me.My happiness is that I lived a life of a true devoted Christian
though married to a Muslim, whoever that wants to serve God must serve
him in truth and in spirit, please always be prayerful all through
your life.
Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for
anotherChristian organization or a devoted Christian for the same
purpose.Until I hear from you my dreams will rest squarely on your
shoulders,may the Almighty God continue to guide and protect you.
Yours faithfully,
Mrs. Fatima Iyesa Ismiana
