
@_date: 2004-10-18 12:57:20
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Assalamu=20Alaikum?= 
I am Jamil kazeem Usman from Libya. I am married to Late Mallam kazeem Usman
of blessed memory who is an oil explorer in Libya and Kuwait for twelve
years before he died in the year 2001.We were married for twelve years without
a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before
his death we were both devoted Muslims.
Since his death I too have been battling with both Cancer and fibroid problems.
When my late Husband was alive he deposited the sum of $10.5million (Ten
Million, Five Hundred thousand U.S Dollars) with a Finance Company in oversea.
Recently,my doctor told me that I have only six months to live due to cancer
problem. Though what disturbs me most is my stroke sickness. Having known
my condition I decided to donate this fund to either a Moslem organization
or devoted Muslim individual that will utilize this money the way I am going
to instruct herein.
I want this Muslim organization or individual to use this money in all sincerity
to fund mosques, orphanages, widows, and also propagating the word of ALLAH
and to ensure that the society upholds the views and belief of the Holy
Quran. The Holy Quran emphasizes so much on ALLAH'S benevolence and this
has encourage me to take the bold step.I took this decision because I don't
have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are
new Christian's converts and I don't want a situation where this money will
be used in an Unholy manner. Hence the reasons for this bold decision. I
know that after death I will be with ALLAH the most beneficent and the most
I don't need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health,
because of the presence of my husband's relatives around me always. I don't
want them to know about this development. With ALLAH all things are possible.
As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact information
of the Finance Company and the country in oversea where the money was deposited.
I will also issue a letter of authority to the Finance Company authorizing
them that the said fund Have being willed to you and a copy of such authorization
will be forwarded to you. I want you and the Muslim community where you
reside to always pray for me.
My happiness is that I lived a true devoted Muslims worthy of emulation.
Whoever that wants to serve ALLAH must serve him in truth and in fairness.
Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay in your reply
will give room in sourcing for a Muslim organization or a devoted Muslim
for this same purpose.
I want you to email your reply to me this my private Email Address :kazeemjam
 Until I hear from you, my dreams will rest squarely on your shoulders.
May the Almighty ALLAH continue to guide and protect you.
Mrs. Jamil kazeem
Use o melhor sistema de busca da Internet
Radar UOL -
