
@_date: 2009-03-10 05:18:57
@_author: "Murda Mcloud" 
@_subject: FW: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - CNET  News 
I think that the fear that encryption schemes have generated in various
governments is quite telling. Punishing people for forgetting or for
contempt of court may well become the norm in cases where encryption has
been a hurdle to an investigation. Or worse still, subject to the arbitrary
whims of a government that feels it must pry into the everyday existence of
their employers(ie us) in order to generate the hologram of safety which all
these extra laws produce.
The whole proposal of having the permission, by law, to monitor every single
email/phone call in the UK represents something that should be scaring
everybody. Law abiding citizen and criminal mastermind alike, unfortunately,
are placed in the same basket. So what would be a low cost solution to this invasion of the privacy
illusion we currently believe is protecting everyone?
Encryption. Which, unfortunately, the government doesn't want you to use to
keep them from snooping on you.
I'm not sure there is a solution to the paranoid need for governments to try
and know everything about everyone. I suppose that their fear is more
important than ours, in their minds at least. I wouldn't want all of this
information to be held by a government whose departments have shown that
time and time again, humans on the inside of a system are the biggest
vulnerability when it comes to data breaches. Even the man mentioned in the
first post. If he hadn't allowed them access in the first place, this could
be a different story. -----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Shailesh Rangari
Sent: Sunday, March 08, 2009 8:45 AM
I agree that their is a real possibility that a said user may forget  the password owing to numerous reasons,
But I am not aware of any technique that can prove beyond a reasonable  doubt that the user has really forgotten his password or is pretending  it to avoid a sentence.
Seems like the case is bound to set a precedent in the interpretation  of this law. Any which ways it would be worthwhile to observe whether  the US courts follow a similar course of action as their UK  It is also kind of interesting that the UK courts follow a course of  action which almost deters users from using encryption for the fear of  forgetting keys that may lead to a sentence.
That leaves people in UK the option of using Key Escrow Encryption  scheme only.

@_date: 2009-03-05 01:01:03
@_author: "Murda Mcloud" 
@_subject: RE: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - CNET News 
My understanding was that he had previously allowed access(at the border
where allegedly some pr0n was viewed) but something had changed since?
(Sounds like the border guards decided that shutting the machine down was
probably the best thing to do). Which is partly why the judge is saying that
they are allowed to gain access once more. Also, I'm not sure that the key
is incriminating evidence in and of itself.  Now if the guy had the key memorized and then says that he has 'forgotten'
it, there isn't really much that can be done.
What I find interesting is that these kind of cases are going to become more
and more prevalent and precedents are going to be set-rightly or wrongly
because of the strange and somewhat nebulous nature of 'data' and its
'boundaries'. A computer is not a house, no matter how much I try and push
this analogy. In the same way that my brain is not a computer.
They can if they find your key written on a post it note on your desk and
they have seized your machine as evidence. Or if they work out what your
passphrase is.
