
@_date: 2001-11-28 23:19:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Getting the Spanish to Jump When King George says Jump 
Hey, we just sent billionaire slumlord George Argyros to Spain (suck
enough republican dick
and you too can have this job..),  maybe *he'll* tell em how its done.
Or maybe we'll have to occupy Spain, too.
What part of "Infinite Justice" did you not think was bullshit?

@_date: 2001-11-28 19:16:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: baklava-tray trojan trapping 
Clearly this should be called, by analogy with "honeypots", the
strategy for catching intruders.

@_date: 2001-11-24 17:10:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: patriotic trash 
Some significant fraction of the cars in the States have (generally
Chinese-made) flags fluttering on them.  And since, well,
stuff happens, some of these have broken and now you see flags
on the ground by the side of the road.
This is twisted because the flag is never supposed
to touch the ground, etc., but we'll see lots of that as the
cheap plastic flags disintegrate.  [That wasn't a metaphor
but it could be....]
In fact you're supposed to burn weathered flags ---and of
course, folks' reaction to burning the flag *prematurely* is how
you distinguish freedom (eg of expression) lovers from poseurs.
Curiouser and curiouser
Down the rabbit hole
Rabbits don't carry anthrax, do they?

@_date: 2001-11-24 16:57:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: McAfee to introduce FBI back door into their antivirus tools 
"At least one antivirus software company, McAfee Corp., contacted the
FBI on
Wednesday to ensure its software wouldn't inadvertently detect the
snooping software and alert a criminal suspect."
Wonder how long it will take a virus writer to spoof the
golden signature?  I especially like the plot where a good
rev engr gets a sample of the FBI's trojan and modifies/deploys
it for his own purposes...

@_date: 2001-11-22 23:24:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Got blood agar? 
Tryptic Soy Agar w/ 5% sheep blood. $15.95
Restricted: May only be shipped to educational and research
institutions. If you do not qualify nutrient agar or TSA w/o blood
may be substituted

@_date: 2001-11-21 15:46:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: The bookburning begins... 
and replaced with "against the terrorism" ?
Children can be terrorists.  Its the asymmetry, again.
"Terrorists are the only true avant-garde artists because they're the
only ones who are still capable of really surprising people."
---Laurie Anderson
"Never underestimate the stupidity of some of the people we have to deal
with," William A. Reinsch, Under Secretary of Commerce for the Bureau of
Export Administration, said while being grilled about whether terrorists
and criminals would be naove enough to use the technology being pushed
the Administration.
"Terrorism: deadly violence against humans and other living things,
usually conducted by government against its own people."

@_date: 2001-11-12 17:44:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: and in other headlines (Atta'd by 587) today... 
"Hollywood Signs On to Assist War Effort" read the headline today;
"Propoganda outlets are military targets" said NATO, last war.

@_date: 2001-11-06 15:46:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: First Polygraphs and Then Torture? 
Politech is a firearm, Scientology is a stun gun, Firearms are a

@_date: 2001-11-07 15:42:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: URL for William Cooper death story 
"former Marine and Persian Gulf War veteran, was
shot twice in the head by what was believed to be a .45-caliber pistol.
The officer was expected to survive"
Geez that kinda blows the large-caliber theory... should have used
a rifle..

@_date: 2001-11-07 14:37:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Plugging leaks 
The jihad's leak has been identified and, um, plugged.  How do
you say whacked in pashto?  Gov Gray is a fine leak
detector, don't believe it when they say soapy water is any better.

@_date: 2001-11-07 19:40:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Enemy at the Door 
Think of the opportunity to market dedicated camera +
uplink devices... battery powered lest the dark visitors
check the outlets?  802.11'd to DSL to a very remote web site?

@_date: 2001-11-12 19:34:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: mapping in the sierras and places west 
anyone, in
input of
It has long been a cypherpunkly gedanken performance art project
to build and deploy solar-powered bursting longwave transmitters
driven by quality noise sources in the american deserts (or elsewhere).
Extra points if you align them towards interesting landmarks.
Survival Research Labs will help us only if the Noise Fireflies attract
bombing runs.  Which they might.
'What interests me is that it recorded 18 hours of static..' -_Contact_

@_date: 2001-11-12 17:32:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Sircam's humor: "animal farm novel report.doc" forwarded to 
The inet-one.com archives show a Sircam offering which is just too
humorous to ignore, and which lne.com folks won't see:
a file called "animal farm novel report.doc.com"
(which is, of course, infected).  But the deadly hacker tool known
as emacs reveals the following summary (the copyright still belongs
to someone known to "Eleanor D. Mantanona").
 Money and power is what this story is based on with animals who are
very diverse and the same. Animal Farm is based on animals who want to
become independent, so they start a rebellion which was put together by
Old Major who is a prize winning boar whose vision of a socialist utopia
serves as the inspiration for the rebellion. Three days after describing
the vision and teaching the animals the song Beast Of England, Major
dies leaving Snowball and Napoleon to fight for control. Later on
Napoleon the pig who emerges as the leader of Animal Farm after Old
Major dies. Napoleon uses military force (his nine loyal attack dogs),
to intimidate other animals and consolidate his power. Snowball the pig
who challenged Napoleon for control of Animal Farm which he had lost,
Snowball is an Intelligent, Passionate, and Eloquent pig. But Snowball
seemed to win the loyalty of the other animals and cement his powers,
but that all changed when Napoleon sent his attack dogs after Snowball
and drove him out of Animal Farm. There is only one animal on the farm
who would not whine about the work he has to do for Napoleon his name is
Boxer the great cart-horse whose incredible strength, dedication, and
loyalty play a key role in the early prosperity of Animal Farm and later
the completion of the windmill. Boxer shows much devotion to Animal
Farms ideals but little ability to think about them independently. He
counted on the pigs to make his decisions for him. His two mottoes are 
I will work harder  and  Napoleon is always right . One of the
commandments were All animals are equal  but that later changed in the
story because some animals were more privileged than others some animals
had to work twice as hard as others and Napoleon got to sit back and
demand animals to do work while he made profit off of them by taking
many eggs from hens and selling them or selling cows milk. If I recall
Old Major saying that they will not sell their goods to people. Napoleon
was becoming one of the farmers himself by taking the milk and drinking
it himself, but the other animals obeyed the pigs hoping for a better
future but as of now their future is not insight. Animal farm is a book
that can show what power, money, and dictatorship can do to a person or

@_date: 2001-11-20 00:39:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
Besides, the news/experience does a good job.  Events like bin Laden
Airlines (for off-site backups),
any number of virii and worms (for avoiding MS tools and not clicking
random things),
and random kipple (like disk failures reminding of the need for backups)
eventually teach
what mere words do not.

@_date: 2001-11-18 21:48:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
Mr Rodgers is mourning the death of Mr. McFeely the speedy delivery
man who succumbed to anthrax...
There is a rumor that one of the teletubbies has an STU in his belly.
Oscar the Grouch is on the FBI's watch list.
Druids worship trees.
Reformed Druids worship shrubs and trees.
Zen Druids worship imaginary trees.

@_date: 2001-11-24 21:01:35
@_author: "Major Variola \(ret\ 
@_subject: Re: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? $10. 
Nope.  How unAmerican.  Are you British?
If some organization were to publish
to create
city, I'd
Speaking of which do you find chocolate agar to be a better culture
than uncooked blood agar?  And when oxygenating the culture
can you just bubble air or do you see better results from pure O2?
material and
unimpeded and
done has
Presumably there is a lot of causal evidence that can't be shown.
Making videos is never a crime.  (Vs. coercing actors, or using the
to censor)
The most dangerous psychotics are the elected ones.
BTW Gordon you use "we" far too much, as if you are speaking
for others than your lil' ole self.  We find this annoying.

@_date: 2001-11-22 22:51:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Denning's Geo-crypto 
Do caves
Their waveguide, not resonance, properties might be of interest,
if their CO2 emissions -whether speaking or silent- were not so telling.
Unless Osama's got a *bunch* of lime.
Thermal sig is telling too.  They don't grow weed under lights in the
do they?

@_date: 2001-11-24 16:19:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: powergrab 2001: Must the law "tell the truth and for everybody 
Saturday November 24 5:00 AM ET
  1878 Military Law Gets New Attention
  By T.A. BADGER, Associated Press Writer
  SAN ANTONIO (AP) - America's military is largely prohibited from
acting as a domestic police
  force, but with the increased fears of terrorism, some experts say
it's time to rethink those restrictions.
  ``Our way of life has forever changed,'' wrote Sen. John Warner (news
- bio - voting record), R-Va.,
  in a letter last month to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. ``Should
this law now be changed to
  enable our active-duty military to more fully join other domestic
assets in this war against terrorism?''
  The law, known as the Posse Comitatus Act, was championed by Southern
lawmakers in 1878 who
  were angry about the widespread use of the Army in post-Civil War law
  It currently bans the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines from
participating in arrests, searches,
  seizure of evidence and other police-type activity on U.S. soil. The
Coast Guard and National Guard
  troops under the control of state governors are excluded from the act.
  Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz, testifying in October before
the Senate Armed Services
  Committee (news - web sites), agreed that it might be desirable to
give federal troops more of a role
  in domestic policing to prevent terrorism.
  ``In certain cases we can do more than anyone else in the country
because of the special capabilities
  that we have,'' he said.
  Those roles could be varied, such as helping local law enforcement in
the event of a terrorist attack,
  patrolling the nation's borders or serving as armed sky marshals
aboard flights over the United States.
  But the issue of expanding the military's domestic reach sharply
divides lawyers who have spent years
  studying Posse Comitatus, Latin for ``power of the county.''
  Dennis Corrigan, a retired colonel who taught the law at the Army's
Judge Advocate General's
  school, says legislators should resist the urge to change it.
  The military isn't trained to be a police force, he says, so it should
stick to the skills for which it is
  trained: surveillance, information gathering, logistical support. All
of these activities are allowable under
  Posse Comitatus.
  ``There should be a partnership between the military and civilian
sectors - the civilian doing the
  confrontation and the military providing support,'' said Corrigan, now
a businessman living in Gilford,
  N.H. ``I'm not sure, even with what's going on today, that Congress
wants the military arresting
  people.''
  Jeffrey Addicott, a retired lieutenant colonel in the Army JAG Corps,
wrote that the law handcuffs the
  nation when it comes to responding to terrorist attacks.
  ``We've got a homeland defense office, but if there's not reforms, the
Posse Comitatus Act will cut
  them off at the knees,'' Addicott, now a law professor at St. Mary's
University in San Antonio, said in
  a recent interview.
  ``This is a new kind of war,'' Addicott said. ``We have to make a
compromise now to prevent these
  guys from committing an act of terror on a larger scale.''
  Army Secretary Thomas White said late last month that the Pentagon
(news - web sites)'s review of
  Posse Comitatus would not likely lead to recommendations that Congress
overhaul the act.
  ``But we are looking at the details of the law to see if revisions are
appropriate in the way it's
  executed or the exceptions that can be taken,'' White said.
  Exceptions over the years have seen armed federal troops used for drug
interdiction and patrol of the
  U.S.-Mexico border to enforce immigration laws with mixed results.
  In 1997, a Marine corporal on a drug surveillance patrol shot and
killed an 18-year-old goat herder in
  the Texas desert about 200 miles southeast of El Paso. A Marine
inquiry determined its personnel
  were not adequately trained for the mission. Soon afterward, such
patrols ended.
  Michael Spak, a former Army JAG colonel now teaching at Chicago-Kent
College of Law, says the
  exceptions made in the name of national security in recent decades
have left Posse Comitatus a hollow
  shell. He says the law should be scrapped entirely.
  Any amendment to loosen Posse Comitatus would be strictly pro forma,
he says, because as it's now
  construed, the statute has enough wiggle room for the government to
use the military for domestic
  action as it sees fit.
  ``It's good for the law to tell the truth and for everybody to follow
the law,'' he said. ``But is it
  necessary? No.''

@_date: 2001-11-27 22:36:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Why encrypt 
I have had  success with some populations
by pointing out that folks have been busted for their pr0n
collection by nosy computer-repairmen.  And when the
machine is down its too late to remove (wipe) or encrypt
the naughty bits.  Good argument for encrypted volumes.

@_date: 2001-12-07 16:32:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Power Grab 2001: "Criticizing Ashcroft is aiding the enemy" 
Ashcroft Says Those Questioning Administration's Anti-Terror Plan Could
                            Be Aiding Enemy
                 By Karen GulloAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Dec 7, 2001
WASHINGTON (AP) - Attorney General John Ashcroft said trying Taliban
members in open U.S. court could create "Osama TV." He defended military
tribunals for terrorists and suggested that anyone who criticized them
was aiding the enemy.
Our legal powers are targeted at terrorists," he told the committee. "To
those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my
message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists, for they erode our
national unity and diminish our resolve."
White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said Friday that criticism can
hurt the anti-terrorism fight if it
undermines anti-terrorism legislation pushed by the administration.
"The attorney general's implication is clear. If you do not march in
lock step with the government, you are supporting the terrorists," the
Center for National Security Studies said in a statement.
Got polychrome methylene blue?

@_date: 2001-12-07 04:19:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: yank view of Guy Fawkes day 
Sounds like a distributed, conservative brit version of Burning Man
with Independence-day replacing the Mardi Gras aspect.

@_date: 2001-12-06 02:48:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Ellison holds Liberty down as Rumsfeld does her 
Oracle OpenWorld 2001
Moscone Center
San Francisco, California
December 2-7, 2001
SAFETY AND SECURITY POLICIES
IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ AND FOLLOW THESE PROCEDURES
In the wake of the September 11 events, Oracle Corporation is taking
safety measures for OpenWorld. We are working to make these changes with
minimal impact on our attendees, but would ask for your cooperation to
ensure that  appropriate safety measures are taken for our event.
This year expect to see more security. Uniformed police officers will be
duty at Moscone Convention Center and extra Security Officers will be
roving all
Conference sites and the exhibit hall floor. However, there is a new
policy being instituted for OpenWorld that you need to be aware of:
While on-site, you should carry a photo ID (driver's license or
passport) at
all times.

@_date: 2001-12-04 14:24:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: We have always been at war with Oceania bin Laden 
Reving up the population again,
  investigators have gathered evidence showing similarities among the
  three terrorist attacks against Americans by Osama bin Laden's
  supporters.
  Those attacks include the Sept. 11 suicide hijackings, the October
  bombing of the USS Cole (news - web sites) in Yemen and the 1998
  bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa. <<
Note the omission of the Lebanese bomb which drove out Satan's Marines.
Wouldn't want to remind the sheeple that terrorism works.
  and we are deeply committed to that,'' he said.
  ``But for so-called terrorists to gather over themselves some robe of
  clericism ... and claim immunity from being observed, people who
  a religion and make out of it an implement of war will not be free
  our interest.'' <<
Hijack a religion?  How about christian hatemongers?  And folks who use
religion to steal land?  And how about that recent religious persecution
of Mormons?
  limited to non-U.S. citizens and ``not just normal criminal activity,
  war crimes.''  <<
Would that exclude ex-Sen Kerry's war crimes then?

@_date: 2001-12-07 01:57:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: US seeks to force feed pilot it tricked, detained 
U.S. Seeks Force-Feeding Order for Fasting Detainee in Phoenix
Courts: The unusual step involves a Middle Eastern pilot protesting his
jailing in a dragnet. He
faces identity fraud charges.
                    By RICH CONNELL, TIMES STAFF WRITER
                    Federal prosecutors in Phoenix are asking a judge to
issue an unusual
                    order to force-feed a hunger-striking Middle Eastern
pilot arrested on
                    charges stemming from the investigation of the Sept.
11 terrorism
                    attacks.
                    Malek Mohamed Seif, also known as Malek Mohamed
Abdulah, is
                    protesting what he contends is his improper
detention as part of the
                    global anti-terrorism dragnet.
                                                            Taking only
                                                            liquids,
Seif has
                                                            lost 30
                                                            since his
                                                            arrest and
                                                            rapidly
                                                            officials
said. Seif,
                                                            36, believed
                                                            be a
                                                            national,
                                                            acknowledged
                                                            passing
                                                            acquaintance
                                                            one of the
                                                            suspected
                                                            skyjackers.
                    He also trained at the same Phoenix area flight
school as an Algerian
                    pilot suspected of helping prepare some of the
hijackers, according to
                    federal investigative records.
                    But the only charges filed to date against Seif are
for identity fraud. A
                    federal judge recently stressed in a court order
that no evidence has
                    been presented linking him to terrorism.
                    Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who is housing
Seif for federal
                    authorities, says he is getting worried about his
high-profile inmate. "I
                    don't want this guy to die in my jail," said the
no-frills lawman who
                    made headlines by housing prisoners in desert tents
and making them
                    wear pink shirts. Arpaio says he has been talking
with Seif, trying to
                    coax him to eat.
                    As a compromise, Arpaio said, he removed pork from
Seif's meals.
                    But he has declined to fill his special requests for
dates and ice water.
                    "I said, 'We don't have room service.' "
Seif's attorney, Thomas Hoidal, reported to a judge Monday that his
                    client was in the jail infirmary and too weak to
attend a hearing.
                    Seif, who left the U.S. before the attacks, has
complained that federal
                    investigators duped him into returning to answer
questions. After he
                    landed in Phoenix on Oct. 25, he was arrested for
allegedly making
                    false statements on federal forms to obtain dual
                    "He doesn't understand, when he came back
voluntarily, why he is
                    being treated in this fashion," said Hoidal, who
also is trying to
                    persuade Seif to eat.
                    Prosecutors expect to file additional bank and
financial fraud charges
                    against Seif and are worried he may be unfit to
stand trial. They are
                    seeking medical and psychiatric evaluations of Seif.
                    One veteran U.S. law enforcement official in Phoenix
said he knew of
                    no other instance when federal prosecutors there
sought a
                    forced-feeding order.
                    Sporadic hunger strikes have been reported among the
more than
                    1,000 detainees rounded up in the anti-terrorism
crackdown. But Seif,
                    who has dropped from about 180 to about 150 pounds,
appears to
                    have lasted the longest.
                    It is not clear whether Seif intends to fight the
forced feeding order, his
                    attorney said. A hearing is scheduled for today.
Arpaio doubts a
                    judge's order will be effective, as long as Seif
remains conscious. "If
                    he's still coherent . . . you can't force the guy to
eat if he says he
                    doesn't want to."
                    In another development Wednesday, a coalition of 16
civil liberties
                    groups filed suit against the Justice Department,
demanding information
                    about those arrested and detained since the Sept. 11
attacks. The groups said they were seeking
                    such information as the names of the detainees, the
charges against them and how long they have
                    been held.
                    Atty. Gen. John Ashcroft has argued that some of the
information must be kept secret to aid in the
                    investigation.
                    Kate Martin of the Center for National Security
Studies, a plaintiff in the case, said that instead of
                    federal officials "simply announcing that they are
respecting the Constitution, we need evidence that
                    will show whether that is true."

@_date: 2001-12-07 02:02:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: slavery in New Jersey 
Complete with soccer-mom revolutionaries and "obligatory contracts"...
I suppose this is what you get for working for the state, eh?
MIDDLETOWN, N.J. -- On Saturday, the Middletown High School
South Tigers won the state football championship. On Monday, their
head coach went to jail.
Coach Steve Antonucci was among 135 striking schoolteachers and
secretaries behind bars by day's end Wednesday, and the number is
expected to swell as nearly 900 continue to defy a judge's order to get
off the picket line and into the classroom.
                                                            The five-day
                                                            strike and
                                                            have torn
                                                            otherwise
                                                            average
                                                            American
                                                            suburban
                                                            community in
                                                            two.
                                                            kindergarten
                                                            teachers,
                                                            coaches and
                                                            others who
                                                            always seen
                                                            themselves
                                                            normal,
                                                            law-abiding
                    are being led to jail sobbing or defiantly
denouncing the local school
                    board and residents. "This town ought to be ashamed
of itself," said
                    Lauren Spatz, a second-grade teacher. "The parents
don't care about education. . . . It's not going
                    to be the same ever again. The teachers' morale is
going to be shot."
                    But parents and administrators say the teachers'
timing couldn't be worse, with layoffs at nearby
                    computer firms and families still shaken by the
death of more than 30 local residents in the World
                    Trade Center attacks.
                    And there is no end in sight.
                    "It's become a war," said plain-spoken,
chain-smoking school Supt. Jack DeTalvo, shortly before
                    getting on the phone to give instructions to the
board's attorney about how to garner the best
                    coverage on local evening news shows.
                    One thing all sides agree on: If and when the
contentious job action ends, the bitterness could leach
                    into the classroom.
                    The strike has left 10,500 students out of school in
this sprawling suburb of 70,000 an hour and a
                    half south of New York City. With record-breaking
warm weather, the days off are a treat for the
                    children but a hardship for working parents, who
range from truck drivers to Wall Street
                    investment brokers.
                    In addition, state law dictates that all missed
school days are made up at the end of the year.
                    Teachers counter that a few days of inconvenience is
minor compared to being hauled off in
                    handcuffs.
                    "I'm a soccer mom, I drive a van and I have a dog,"
science teacher Katie Connelly said with a
                    rueful laugh as she sat waiting to go to jail. "But
this is our revolution. . . . The only way you get
                    respect is if you stand up for yourself."
                    Dispute Over Who Pays Health Benefits
                    At the heart of the dispute is a demand by the
school board that the union members pay a
                    percentage of rising health benefits instead of a
flat annual fee of $250. The strikers angrily respond
                    that they will end up having to pay up to $600 extra
for benefits, which would effectively cancel
                    out wage increases. The teachers have been offered
pay raises of 3.8%, 4% and 4.2% over three
                    years.
                    The teachers went on strike for a short time three
years ago. They said the board at that time had
                    ignored the recommendations of a fact-finder and
instead imposed a contract on them that, by law,
                    they said they had to accept. This time, the union
is calling for binding arbitration, which the school
                    board has refused, insisting that the teachers
return to class first.

@_date: 2001-12-07 16:18:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Masks to be illegal in U.K. 
Removal of disguises  data fodder for CCTV
Clause 93 would insert a new section 60AA into the Criminal Justice and
Public Order Act 1994.  It  would allow police to remove any facial
coverings or disguises in a specified area for 24 hours following the
order of a senior police officer.  There is no provision for sensitivity
regarding religious articles.
What do you expect from a spongy-brained sheeple that tolerates laws
prohibiting ownership of information?

@_date: 2001-12-16 18:00:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Got Tanzanite? 
And when I sampled a block of hash with KABUL in gold leaf in the 80's,
I was being patriotic, helping to get rid of the Commies.

@_date: 2001-12-16 18:10:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: OBL's public key 
If no one has already done this, the humor value in publishing a public
under names like OBL would certainly collect some interesting messages.
It would also demonstrate something about the (lack of) value of
a claimed (but personally unverified) association of a Real Meat Person
and a key.
(A good prankster would of course create other IDs which would
vouch for OBLs.. much like when a CIA agent gives out a number which
vouch for his employment in a benign industry..)
Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2001-12-17 17:06:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Ban 
Mr.Johnson was using these accounts to insert
So how much fun would it be for lots of voices to start using sonofgomez
Getting the rantflavor right would be difficult but through the miracle
of modern

@_date: 2001-12-17 17:24:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Army doubts genetic evidence; calls in OJ lawyers for 
Army Doubts Lab Is Anthrax Source
WASHINGTON (AP) - Army officials are
doubtful that potentially deadly anthrax in
letters mailed to Congress originated at a
military medical research center, even though
spores in both places were a genetic match.
Kato Kaelin was unavailable for comment.
M. Atta -an army of one

@_date: 2001-12-19 16:50:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: IRS Agent Goes Berserk, Cops refuse to prosecute, and AP 
You know, historically, when there is no reliable justice system,
society gets blood feuds,
etc.   When the justice system is unreliable for sheeple but reliable
for a special class,
maybe AP *does* have a future.  Meanwhile the traditional bag of cash &
friend of a friend
will have to do.

@_date: 2001-12-21 01:56:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Lynx fraud 
that of
Despite both your premedicated ability to see connections, even those
that aren't there, you both miss the metaphor: they're wanting
to prohibit LYNX, a nonMS browser, and the damn furry-eared
cat is a scratch monkey.

@_date: 2002-01-23 22:26:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Catholic taliban: Internet Needs Regulating 
[The primo quote comes at the end: "In his first message sent to the
world directly over the Internet last November, Pope John Paul
apologized to victims of sexual abuse by priests and other clergy. "
Folks raped by digital communications: zero.  Folks raped by papal
employees: thousands and counting.]
Pope Says Internet 'Wonderful' but Needs Regulating
  By Crispian Balmer
  VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The Internet caters to the best and worst of
human nature and needs
  regulation to stop depravity flooding cyberspace, Pope John Paul (news
- web sites) said Tuesday.
  The 81-year old Pontiff, who last year sent his first message over the
Internet, praised it as a
  ``wonderful instrument'' that should be used to spread the word of God
and encourage global peace.
  However, he warned that while it offered access to immense knowledge,
the Internet did not
  necessarily provide wisdom and could easily be perverted to demean
human dignity.
  ``Despite its enormous potential for good, some of the degrading and
damaging ways the Internet can
  be used are already obvious to all,'' the Pope said in a message
prepared for World Communications
  Day.
  ``Public authorities surely have a responsibility to guarantee that
this marvelous instrument serves the
  common good and does not become a source of harm,'' he added.
  Although the Pope does not have an e-mail address, the Vatican (news -
web sites) has an active
  Web site ( and the Church is reportedly searching for a
patron saint of Internet users.
  The question of regulation has inflamed passions since the Internet
sprang to prominence in the 1990s,
  with enthusiasts arguing that cyberspace should not be pegged back
behind national boundaries or
  rules.
  The Pope warned that not only did the Internet allow the spread of
depraved material, it could also
  lead people to believe that facts mattered more than values.
  ``The Internet offers extensive knowledge, but it does not teach
values and when values are
  disregarded, our very humanity is demeaned,'' he said, adding that the
system focused people's
  attention on an ``almost unending flood of information.''
  ``Yet human beings have a vital need for time and inner quiet to
ponder and examine life and its
  mysteries,'' he said. ''Understanding and wisdom are the fruit of a
contemplative eye upon the world,
  and do not come from a mere accumulation of facts, no matter how
  He said the Catholic Church had adapted to every discovery through the
ages, from the Renaissance
  to the invention of printing and the Industrial Revolution, and must
now learn to reach the masses via
  cyberspace.
  ``Like the new frontiers of other times, this one too is full of the
interplay of danger and promise,'' he
  said.
  ``For the Church the new world of cyberspace is a summons to the great
adventure of using its
  potential to proclaim the Gospel message.''
  In his first message sent to the world directly over the Internet last
November, Pope John Paul
  apologized to victims of sexual abuse by priests and other clergy.

@_date: 2002-01-23 22:22:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: russian cracker busted 
Report: Russian Police Detain Bank
  Hacker
  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian police have detained a computer
  hacker accused of extorting $10,000 from a U.S. bank after breaking
  into its data base and threatening to publish accounts details, ORT
  television reported on Wednesday.
  ORT said the alleged hacker was a 21-year-old college dropout from
  the Siberian oil town of Surgut, but did not identify either him or
  ``well known'' bank. The Moscow police computer fraud unit had been
  brought into the case, it said, at the request of the U.S. Federal
  of Investigation.
  ``He sent a letter to the bank executives in which he issued what
  amounted to an ultimatum: If they didn't send him the money the
  information would be published,'' Alexander Slutsky, head of the
  computer fraud unit, told ORT.
  He said the hacker had posted on a secondary Internet site details of
  some of the 1,500 accounts he had accessed, in order to prove to the
  bank that his intentions were serious.
  The television said the U.S. bank had paid the ransom and showed
  what it said was footage of the hacker being detained and the home
  computer he had used for the operation. It did not say when the arrest
  had occurred.
  Alexander Zhuravlyov, a senior detective, told ORT that investigation
  showed that the suspect had learned his skills from a Moscow-based
  Web site where hackers swapped information.
  ORT said the suspect was likely to face charges of extortion rather
  than computer fraud.
  Cases of fraud have multiplied in recent years in Russia and the
  has also earned a reputation for developing talented computer
  specialists.
  Programmer Dmitry Sklyarov returned to Moscow on New Year's
  Eve after escaping prosecution under U.S. copyright law in connection
  with a presentation about software he developed to circumvent
  copyright protections in a computer program.

@_date: 2002-01-21 20:10:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Cyber Cafe Crackdown Looms: required surveillance cameras 
Cyber Cafe Crackdown Looms
                       Business: The Garden Grove City Council meets
Tuesday to consider
                     restrictions on the proliferating computer sites
after gang-related crimes.
                     By JERRY HICKS, TIMES STAFF WRITER
                     With Internet cafes springing up faster than any
                     other business in its city, the Garden Grove City
                     Council is expected Tuesday to impose a
                     moratorium on permits for new cafes and place
                     tighter controls on those already open.
                     The new ordinance, if passed, would reduce
                     hours, require surveillance cameras and restrict
                     the number of computers to cut back on
                     crowding.
                     The city's crackdown stems from a series of
                     criminal incidents, mostly in parking areas
                     surrounding the cafes. The most serious was Dec.
                     30, when a 20-year-old was stabbed to death
                     outside the PC Cafe on Garden Grove
                     Boulevard. A 21-year-old suspected gang
                     member has been charged with murder.
                     "After the stabbing incident, it dawned on us that
                     we really haven't taken a hard look at these
                     places," said Garden Grove Mayor Bruce
                     Broadwater.
                     Johnny Oh, owner of the PC Cafe, said he can easily
comply with most of
                     the proposed ordinances. He installed security
cameras and hired a security
                     guard after the stabbing.

@_date: 2002-01-11 18:47:10
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Those wacky german censors, Ashcroft, and other latent nazis 
NEW YORK  A German United Nations employee who admitted scratching
anti-Semitic graffiti on a Jewish neighbor's door and setting it afire
was indicted Thursday on arson and other charges as hate crimes.
BERLIN -- German Interior Minister Otto Schily, an energetic campaigner
against U.S.-based neo-Nazi websites, has asked U.S. Attorney General
John Ashcroft for help in his fight.
Specifically, Schily asked Ashcroft during one of their recent
face-to-face meetings to exert pressure on an American Internet service
provider to block a site with an official-sounding German name that
currently diverts traffic to a neo-Nazi site.
As of Wednesday, anyone clicking on  will
end up looking not at content supplied by Schily's office, the German
Interior Ministry, but at a site run by Gerhard Lauck of Nebraska,
dubbed by some the "Farmbelt Fuehrer" because of his enthusiasm for
"We contacted the provider and asked him to put down that site,
 said Dirk Inger, Schily's spokesman.
"They said a lot of things. First they said they had to check it, then
they said they would do it. Then they said they would check it again.
But nothing happened."
So, said Inger, Schily asked Ashcroft for his help when the two men met
twice last month, once in Washington and once in Berlin, to discuss the
war on terrorism.
"It was constructive," said Inger. "It's difficult, of course, because
of your legislation and the First Amendment of the Constitution."
The German Interior Ministry has also contacted the German Embassy in
Washington and the Simon Wiesenthal Center, asking both to lobby the ISP
directly. It also approached the United Nations Domain Name Dispute
Resolution Service.

@_date: 2002-01-10 21:32:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Are your documents really wiped?  (Backups vs. policy) 
excerpted from
                The Big Five accounting firm said in a statement that
                in recent months, electronic files and other documents
                related to its auditing of Enron had been destroyed or
                deleted.
                Chicago-based Andersen said its company policy
                "required in certain circumstances the destruction of
                certain types of documents."
                However, the firm said, millions of documents related
                to Enron still exist, and it has managed to retrieve
                some of the deleted electronic files. Andersen said it
                is continuing retrieval efforts through electronic
                files, "and is continuing in its efforts to fully learn
                understand all the facts related to this issue."
Sounds like someone needed to store (and backup) their docs encrypted,
then lose the key..

@_date: 2002-01-10 20:34:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Judges whimsy to deny constitutional rights 
[Ed: since most Americans believe in random things (deities,
reincarnation, virgin births,
angels, heaven, devils, etc.) the "pretty bizarre claims" used to deny a
citizen his rights is pretty
capricious.  CP relevence: JB, CJ, etc; freedom of speech, belief; govt
permission to exercise
Concealed-Weapon Law Stirs Debate in Alaska
                                    ANCHORAGE, Alaska   Judge
                                    Natalie Finn took away Timothy
                                    Wagner's gun permit after he claimed
                                    someone had implanted a computer
                                    in his head and injected him with
                                    chemicals.
                 A state appeals court, though, ruled that Finn erred,
saying Alaska's
                 concealed-carry law does not allow general concerns
about mental
                 illness to play a role in deciding whether someone
should have a gun.
                 Gun control advocates say the episode illustrates a
                 accommodation to the gun lobby by Alaska's Legislature.
                 owners, however, argue that Alaska's law safeguards
their Second
                 Amendment rights and that the public is adequately
                 The Department of Public Safety has issued more than
18,000 such
                 permits since 1995, when Alaskans were allowed to carry
                 handguns under restrictions that include an age limit
and a gun-safety
                 course.
                 In 1998, the law was amended so that applicants did not
have to
                 prove they actually needed to carry a concealed weapon.
                 whether someone was mentally ill or had been treated
for mental
                 illness in the preceding five years was taken off the
list of questions
                 applicants were asked  a change cited by the appeals
court last
                 year in Wagner's case.
                 The Alaska law requires applicants to disclose only
whether they have
                 ever been committed to a mental hospital or found
                 incompetent by a court. "Yes" answers are grounds for
denying a
                 permit.
                 "We wanted to remove the potential for arbitrary and
                 decision making on the part of the issuing agency,"
said Brian Judy,
                 Alaska liaison for the National Rifle Association.
                 But Nancy Hwa, spokeswoman for the Brady Campaign to
                 Gun Violence, complained: "They are taking away the
discretion of
                 local law enforcement to make these decisions in the
best interest of
                 public safety."
                 Other gun-friendly states, including Texas, Montana and
                 Carolina, have much stricter standards when it comes to
                 instability and concealed-carry permits, said Luis
Tolley, the Brady
                 Campaign's state legislative director.
                 In Montana, the law says a sheriff can deny a permit if
there is
                 reasonable cause to believe "the applicant is mentally
ill, mentally
                 defective or mentally disabled."
                 North Carolina applicants with a "physical or mental
infirmity that
                 prevent the safe handling of a handgun" can be denied a
                 Even Texas has a long, broad list under mental health,
Tolley said.
                 The restrictions include anyone that has been diagnosed
with "a
                 psychiatric disorder or condition" that is likely to
cause impairment in
                 judgment, mood, perception or intellectual ability.
                 "Alaska seems more likely than many states to allow
mentally ill
                 people to carry guns in public," Tolley said. "By
establishing such a
                 narrow definition, that is allowing an awful lot of
people who are
                 mentally ill to carry guns in public."
                 Wagner's case began in 1998, when he entered the Alaska
                 and Diving store in Anchorage, dripping wet, and told a
clerk he was
                 trying to soak away chemicals in his body before they
killed him. He
                 also said a computer chip had been implanted in his
head. Another
                 employee overheard the conversation and called police.
                 A background check revealed he had a permit to carry a
                 gun. When an officer asked Wagner if he had a gun with
him, Wagner
                 pointed to a briefcase next to him. In it was a loaded
.357 and several
                 bags of bullets.
                 Alaska law requires permit holders who come in contact
with police
                 to tell officers immediately if they are carrying a
concealed gun.
                 Wagner was convicted of failing to do so.
                 Finn sentenced Wagner to three years' probation and
ordered him not
                 to possess guns during that period. She also ordered
him to forfeit his
                 concealed-gun permit until his mental illness was
"either cured or
                 improved."
                 The Department of Public Safety later revoked Wagner's
                 based on Finn's decision.
                 Efforts to reach Wagner were unsuccessful. He has no
                 listing in Anchorage. He told the court he was an
"inventor" and
                 designed guns and ammunition. The public defender's
office said it
                 had not recently heard from him.
                 Wagner had no prior convictions, according to court
                 After his arrest, police took him to a state mental
hospital. Wagner
                 testified that he was released after being interviewed.
                 The amended law was enacted over the veto of Gov. Tony
                 who warned at the time that the measure could allow
                 people to carry concealed weapons.
                 The Department of Public Safety has taken a
wait-and-see attitude in
                 Wagner's case. He has not again asked for his permit
back and no
                 court has ordered it returned, said Del Smith, deputy
                 "I think Finn was concerned about his behavior, and
rightly so," Smith
                 said. "He made some pretty bizarre claims."

@_date: 2002-01-10 19:32:04
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: russian U-235 Fedexed to your door 
Russian U-235, $30,000 / kg:
Fedexing hot isotopes:

@_date: 2002-01-09 20:38:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Hackers Targeting Home Computers (fwd) 
Quoth Sunder:
were just on port 139... so that got me curious enough to try and
to these boxes.  To my surprise they were full blown windows 9x and 2000
machines in homes where the owner had another machine and shared his/her
local drives with the world!  Anyone from anywhere on the planet could
mount their drives.  So I was nice enough to leave a note on their
informing them of the consequences of their actions.<<
Nowadays that could get you busted for pointing out the emperor's
Windows share sniffing, if your transport hasn't blocked 139, is great
There is/was a Windows Sharesniffer GUI which automated this.   The tool
would look up
netblocks by name via ARIN, ping the range of IPs, then try to connect
on 139.  If possible, it would run (apparently via a "system" command,
"explorer /r,\\12.34.56.78" which opens the Windows share browser (aka
Windows file explorer)).  About half the shares had passwords,
half didn't, many printers too.  The occasional social security number
could be found.
The sharesniffer.com app also had the ability to post and download info
about shares on usenet newsgroups.
Port 80, port 139, whatever.  Ports is ports, unless they're sherry.

@_date: 2002-01-09 19:31:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Burning down the olympics 
Tuesday January 08 09:52 PM EST
 Olympics Officials Keep Eyes on Protesters
 By Geraldine Sealey ABCNEWS.com
 Security plan for terrorists  and protesters.
                     Security for the Salt Lake City Olympics, with a
price tag exceeding $300
                     million, was a top priority even before Sept. 11.
But international terrorism
                     isn't the only threat: Officials are bracing for a
potential record number of
                     protesters and that some might take advantage of
the world stage to make
                     mayhem.
                     While Olympics and city officials say they have no
evidence of unruly
                     demonstrations planned for the 17-day Games set to
begin on Feb. 8, they
                     are preparing for them. About 1 million visitors
from around the world are
                     expected to descend on the city next month along
with an undetermined
                     number of demonstrators.
                     One official strategy for controlling
demonstrations seems to be
                     accommodating peaceful protesters as much as
possible. So many
                     demonstrators want to come to Salt Lake City to
support their causes that
                     officials are providing demonstrators seven
official protest zones 
                     believed to be a first for the Games. The city is
also issuing official permits
                     for groups that want to protest in Salt Lake City
during the games.
 By providing safe zones where demonstrators can exercise their free
speech rights, city and Olympic
 officials are hoping to prevent the kind of violent and disorderly
protests that have marred such recent
 international events as the 1999 World Trade Organization (news - web
sites) meetings in Seattle or
 last year's G8 summit in Genoa, Italy.
 Mapping out protest zones and certifying legitimate Olympic
demonstrators is helping the Games
 organizers keep tabs on who is showing up, officials say. The
organizers clearly have learned lessons
 from recent violent demonstrations. They're also tuned in to radical
environmental and animal rights
 activists, active in Utah, who have turned to violence in recent years
to spread their message.
 "The demonstrations that have gotten out of hand like at the WTO seem
to be a fairly recent
 phenomenon that we want to be prepared for," said Josh Ewing, a
spokesman for Salt Lake City.
 Not All Protesters Created Equal
 In the new era of globally organized protesters and violence-prone
anarchists, not all protesters are
 created equal. The protest groups who have signed up for permits to set
up camp near the Olympic
 events are peaceful groups and are not expected to incite unrest.
 "[Games planners] are preparing for the worst, but animal rights have
the intention of organizing
 non-violent protests," said Sean Diener, director of the Utah Animal
Rights Coalition, which is helping
 to organize protests against the Olympics-sponsored Rodeo. "We have no
expectation for anything to
 turn out like the things in Genoa or Seattle. There will be non-violent
but effective protests," he said.
 As of late last week, 10 groups had received official protest permits
from the city, including homeless
 activists, supporters of the banned Chinese spiritual sect Falun Gong
(news - web sites), disabled
 rights advocates, and a church group critical of gay rights.
 Even though Olympics protests so far are expected to be peaceful,
security officials are concerned
 that demonstrators interested in violence or general lawlessness could
infiltrate those protesters who
 are coordinating their efforts with the city and Olympic officials.
 Officials have investigated the Web site of a group called Build
Underground Resistance Not the
 Olympics, which claims to be devoted to agitating and educating
demonstrators for the Games. The
 site reads: "BURN the Olympics has been initiated by radicals who are
not resigned to sit back and
 watch our city turn into a playground for the rich. We plan on using
our diverse skills and tactics to
 tackle the multinational death machine that is killing the planet."
 BURN says the Olympics are too corporate, too money-driven, advance
globalization and
 nationalism, and ruin the environment. Another group, Citizens Activist
Network, is also opposed to
 the Olympics on similar grounds, but has signed up for a legal permit
to protest in an official zone,
 where BURN has not. A spokeswoman for BURN, who only goes by the name
of "Sabrina," said her
 group would not apply for a permit because by doing so, "we would be
recognizing the authority of
 the state to grant or deny freedom of speech."
 Intelligence Operation Against Anarchist Infiltration
 Further, she said, many globalization protesters would likely
demonstrate at a meeting of G8 finance
 ministers scheduled for Feb. 8 and 9 in Ottawa, and so turnout among
globalization protesters is not
 likely to be comparable at the Olympics as at other international
 It is difficult to tell how many demonstrators the BURN group
legitimately represents. Salt Lake City
 officials believe the BURN site might only be run by the spokeswoman,
with no extensive organization
 backing it. But still, officials are preparing for anything.
 To head off violent protests, law enforcement agencies have conducted
years-long intelligence
 operations in an attempt to figure out whether potentially disruptive
groups are headed to Salt Lake
 City.
 The security effort also will include handing our educational pamphlets
to protesters with permits to
 warn them about the possibility that radical activists who would incite
violence could infiltrate their
 ranks.
 While officials are doing everything in their power to allow
demonstrators to have a voice during the
 Games, "People have been oblivious to other people infiltrating them
and it's gotten nasty," Ewing
 said.
 Olympics planners will warn demonstrators that if police ask them to
disperse for any reason and they
 do not, protesters will be arrested.
 Hoping for Crowd Control
 Stephen Clark, legal director of the Utah chapter of the American Civil
Liberties Union (news - web
 sites), said he hopes security officials have learned how to control
crowds more efficiently after past
 clashes with demonstrators got ugly.
 "There seems to have been two models: Seattle, where there seemed to be
a total lack of preparation,
 and then the other extreme is the Republican convention in Philadelphia
in 2000," he said, "where
 police seemed to apply a program of preventive detention by rounding up
usual suspects and placing
 them in jail with million-dollar bails so people couldn't cause chaos
for the convention.
 "I hope the organizers have appropriately planned for spontaneous
protests, or even people who
 might want to cause mischief, and not overreact."
 The threat of violence at the Olympics is not a new phenomenon, of
course. At the 1996 Atlanta
 Games, the bombing in Centennial Park killed 1 and injured 111,
reminding Olympic organizers how
 vulnerable the Games could be.
 Terrorism also struck the Olympics in Munich in 1972 when 11 Israeli
athletes were killed by
 Palestinian gunmen.

@_date: 2002-01-09 19:21:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: OTP, flammability of silk 
Ergo Leo Marks' insisting that the silk pages of his OTPs be burned
after use.
(The other reason being 'forward secrecy' if the used page were found.)

@_date: 2002-01-09 20:49:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Dreamworks/Pixar/CIA does bin Laden right this time 
Thursday 3 January 2002
ISLAMABAD (Wahdat): The deputy chief of Afghan intelligence,
Abdullah Tauhidi, has claimed that intelligence officials have
acquired a number of new videotapes of Osama bin Laden and
his associates in the al-Qaeda network.
The videotapes show clearer camera work, which could be far
better proof for a court of law to put the most wanted man on trial
in connection with the September 11 terrorist attacks, he said in
an interview.
The videotapes pictured bin Laden and other members of his
network planning terrorist activities around the globe. Unlike
previous tapes obtained by the US, the new tapes are very clear
in picture and voice. This will help to clear up continuing doubts
about the authenticity of the videotapes that have earlier been
obtained and made public.
                                         He said that these tapes would
be put on public display after a
                                         thorough investigation by the
authorities concerned. We are
                                         happy with the remarkable
achievement made by the country's
                                         intelligence in a very short
time, which started functioning after
                                         the recent fall of the Taliban
in Afghanistan, he said.

@_date: 2002-01-10 19:26:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: tree huggers as terrorists 
Eco-vandals condemned as
                 domestic terrorists
                 But activists say all groups being
                 tarred with extremist brush
                 Robert Schlesinger, Boston Globe
Tuesday, January 8, 2002
                 Washington -- On Sept. 20, as much of the
                 country was still in shock from the attacks on the
                 Pentagon and the World Trade Center,
                 self-proclaimed members of the Animal Liberation
                 Front firebombed a primate research lab in New
                 Mexico, causing $1 million in damage.
                 In October, a federal land management facility in
                 California was torched, causing $85,000 in damage.
                 Members of the Earth Liberation Front claimed
                 responsibility. The same movement is suspected of
                 planting two homemade bombs in November at a
                 forestry research center at Michigan Tech
                 University.
                 As the Bush administration pursues its war on
                 terrorism at home and abroad, some political
                 leaders, particularly from Western states, want to
                 ensure that extreme environmental and animal rights
                 groups share the focus.
                 While even the harshest critics acknowledge that
                 there is no proportionate comparison between Al
                 Qaeda and groups like the Earth Liberation Front --
                 particularly because these radical environmental and
                 animal rights groups have avoided taking lives --
                 they say that terrorism is terrorism.
                 "The point has come when we need to strip away
                 the Robin Hood mystique from this terrorism in our
                 country," said Rep. Scott McInnis, a Republican
                 from Colorado.
                 McInnis's district includes the famed ski town of
                 Vail. Earth Liberation Front members burned down
                 a ski resort there in 1998, causing $12 million in
                 damage. An estimated $40 million in damage is
                 attributed to these radical groups over the past few
                 years. That figure includes the fires at the Coulston
                 Foundation labs in Alamogordo, N.M., in
                 September and the Bureau of Land Management
                 Wild Horse and Burro Facility in Litchfield (Lassen
                 County), in October.
                 State bomb squad technicians defused the two
                 bombs found outside forestry research buildings at
                 Michigan Tech last month. The Earth Liberation
                 Front has not claimed responsibility for planting the
                 explosives, but self-identified members of the group
                 sent threatening e-mails to the university.
                 FBI REPORT ON TERRORISM
                 The FBI, in its most recent report on terrorism in
                 the United States, identified such groups as among
                 the biggest and fastest-growing domestic threats.
                 "The threat posed by special interest extremism --
                 most notably the extreme fringes of the animal rights
                 and environmental movements -- is also emerging as
                 a significant concern for law enforcement," said the
                 report, issued last year.
                 Group members style themselves as defenders of
                 Earth or animals against rapacious corporations and
                 a complicit government. They ask who the
                 "extremists" really are.
                 "I find that torturing sentient animals, harming
                 animals who would otherwise live a free life in the
                 wild, I find that a bit extreme," said David
                 Barbarash, a spokesman for the Animal Liberation
                 Front, which opposes the often-painful use of
                 animals in medical or product testing. "I don't find
                 torture a normal practice; I think that's an extreme
                 practice."
                 CHARACTERIZATION REJECTED
                 Barbarash dismissed descriptions of his group and
                 the Earth Liberation Front as terrorist organizations,
                 saying that no one has ever been killed by their
                 actions.
                 But there are similarities to terrorist organizations.
                 ALF and ELF are organized in a cell structure, with
                 small groups acting independently and without a
                 central leader. The Internet is used as a tool to
                 spread information and exhortation. ALF's Web site
                 has a "recommended reading" section that includes
                 a document on "Setting Fires With Electrical Timers
                 -- An Earth Liberation Guide."
                 The decentralized set-up is designed to prevent
                 interference with the groups' activities.
                 "This decentralized structure helps keep activists out
                 of jail and free to continue conducting actions," the
                 ELF Web site says. Activists who damage property
                 are rarely identified or caught.
                 Representative Darlene Hooley, a Democrat from
                 Oregon whose district has endured a lot of clashes
                 over the environment, is sponsoring a bill that would
                 set up a national environmental terrorism information
                 clearinghouse and step up federal aid for areas of
                 high activity.
                 "There has been increased activity on ecoterrorism
                 in our state and in the Northwest and in my district,"
                 said Hooley, who added that Oregon has
                 experienced 100 "major acts of terrorism" in the
                 past 20 years -- one-third of them in the last four
                 years.
                 In February, McInnis will chair a hearing of a House
                 Resources subcommittee focusing on ecoterrorism,
                 and he has subpoenaed the former spokesman for
                 ELF.
                 McInnis and a half-dozen other Western
                 Republican legislators have also sent a letter to
                 prominent mainstream environmental groups calling
                 upon them to disavow groups like ELF and ALF.
                 McInnis, who is regularly at odds with these groups
                 on policy matters, likens his effort to the
                 coalition-building the United States has done
                 internationally against terrorism.
                 He hopes to form "coalitions with governments that
                 do not necessarily agree with the U.S. on policy but
                 agree that terrorism is not a way to solve policy
                 differences," McInnis said.
                 Most of the environmental groups -- who had
                 long-standing, vocal positions opposing the radical
                 fringe of their movements -- rolled their eyes at the
                 political posturing while reiterating their positions.
                 "I wonder why seven congressmen are so interested
                 in challenging an organization to disavow
                 ecoterrorism when Greenpeace has a perfect,
                 30-year record of peaceful, nonviolent civil
                 disobedience used to engage corrupt governments
                 and corporations around the world," John
                 Pasacantando, Greenpeace USA's Executive
                 Director, wrote to McInnis. "I wish that you would
                 drop this ruse of trying to link peaceful
                 environmental efforts to terrorism -- just at the
                 moment when the country needs you to actually
                 focus on real issues."

@_date: 2002-01-11 00:00:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Johansen charged in Norway 
Norwegian Hacker Indicted for Breaking Hollywood DVD Code
                By Doug MellgrenAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Jan 10, 2002
OSLO, Norway (AP) - Prosecutors filed criminal charges Thursday against
a Norwegian teen-ager who drew Hollywood's anger by writing and
distributing a program that unlocks copy-protected DVDs.
After a two-year investigation, authorities indicted Jon Lech Johansen
in an important test of Norway's new computer crime laws.
Johansen's defenders call the prosecution a wrongheaded attack on
intellectual freedom. Creating software that breaks copy-protection
schemes, they argue, is not the same as using such programs to steal
copyright material.
Johansen, who was 15 when he authored the software, has said he did so
because only wanted to be able to play movies on his computer.
"Software that Jon wrote is something that is necessary for people to be
able to exercise their...rights with a DVD," said Robin Gross of the
Electronic Frontier Foundation, which has provided Johansen's legal
Johansen, now 18 and a household name as DVD-Jon in Norway, became a
celebrity among computer hackers, who even marched to support him in New
York, where a related civil trial was held.
Norway's economic crime police declined to charge Johansen under the
country's copyright laws. Rather, prosecutors are using a law that
prohibits data break-ins.
"We want to focus on the code-breaking part of it, and that he made a
copy of something that he did not pay for," said Inger Marie Sunde, an
attorney with the Norwegian police unit.
The investigation grew out of complaints filed by the Motion Picture
Association of America, which represents the major Hollywood studios.
Sunde said authorities agreed with the studios' contention that
Johansen's program unlocked their property and left it open for theft.
Sunde said it was the first such case in Norway. She did not know when
the trial would begin but said it would probably be sometime this year.
If convicted, Johansen could face up to two years in prison and claims
for compensation.
Gross, of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said the law in question
is designed to prevent break-ins of secured systems like banks. In this
case, she said, Johansen was trying to access his own property - a DVD
he lawfully purchased.
Johansen could not immediately be reached for comment. Repeated efforts
to call his home and mobile numbers produced busy signals.
Movie industry officials applauded the indictment and expressed
confidence that "Norwegian law will provide a fair and just result."
DVDs are gaining fast in popularity and rapidly becoming the preferred
media for movie sales. They hold up to seven times more data than CDs
and, because they are digital, don't lose quality when copied.
The movie industry had attempted to protect films recorded to DVDs with
the Content Scrambling System, usually called CSS. Johansen's DeCSS
program unlocks the discs, opening them for copying and playing.
Though Johansen has said he was trying to watch DVDs on a Linux-based
computer, which did not already have DVD software like Windows and
Macintosh systems, the program also permits reproduction of DVDs and
their circulation over the Internet.
Such free distribution could cost the movie industry millions of dollars
a year, it argues.
According to the indictment, more than 5,000 copies of the DeCSS program
were downloaded from the Internet in the first three months after it was
posted. It can still be found on the Internet.
The DeCSS program has been the subject of at least three lawsuits in the
United States.
In November, a federal appeals court in New York sided with Hollywood
and rejected free-speech claims from Eric Corley, who had posted links
to the program on his Web site. A similar case is pending in
A California appeals court, however, sided with a man who posted DeCSS
on his site. The DVD Copy Control Association, which licenses the DVD
scrambling system, considered the posting a breach of trade secrets and
is appealing to the state Supreme Court.
"Stick a fork in their ass and turn them over... they're done"

@_date: 2002-01-11 20:19:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Olympic Jewells: Utah = UK 
[Brinworld, domestic surveillance]
Monitoring nearly everything will be hundreds of surveillance cameras,
some able to scan an
Olympic identification badge from 1,000 feet away.
 "The Secret Service is one agency that hangs its hat on security that
is discreet," Camillo said.
"There will be a visual presence because of magnetometers and fencing.
What you won't see is
what I'll describe as a police state."
Sounds like the British visitors will feel right at home...

@_date: 2002-01-22 13:02:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: gangs, govts, opinions from moscow 
And most people here find it easier
 to get things done through the gangs than the government;
 gangs are more efficient than the government."

@_date: 2002-02-25 04:55:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Rogue fed biowarrior still not arrested 
Perhaps the feds are trying to set up a secret military tribunal (TM)
so that the accused can't tell what he knows about US programs...
Anthrax suspect worked in U.S. lab
By Jerry Seper
THE WASHINGTON TIMES
The FBI's search for the person who mailed anthrax-laced
letters that killed five persons has focused on a former U.S.
scientist who worked at a government laboratory where he
learned how to make a weapons-grade strain of the deadly
Law enforcement authorities
and leading biochemical experts
familiar with the FBI's five-month
investigation said agents targeted
the unidentified scientist after
extensive interviews with more
than 300 persons associated with
the government's anthrax program,
although no charges have yet been
                           The scientist was identified
                      from a pool of about 50
                      researchers known to have the technical ability to
                      the sophisticated weapons-grade anthrax strain
found in the
                      letters sent to Florida, New York, Connecticut and
                      Washington, D.C., the sources said.
                           The FBI has known for more than three months
that the
                      person responsible for sending the letters was a
U.S. citizen
                      and, according to the sources, probably a former
                      connected to the government's biodefense program.
Got Cipro?

@_date: 2002-02-25 02:56:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Brinworld: inet cam to watch surfer turf wars 
Police Step Up Coastal Patrols
                     Browne, a police chief who surfs, said he
understands "everybody has a right to get to the ocean."
                     He has increased uniformed patrols along a stretch
of coast that includes popular surf spots such
                     as The Cove, Haggerty's, Indicator and Lunada Bay.
                     Browne also has been running undercover stings to
nab car vandals. He even mounted an Internet
                     camera with a powerful zoom lens atop his house,
city-owned property with a bird's-eye view of
                     the surfing beach where Banas tangled with the
                     The "surf cam" allows Internet viewers to watch the
waves, or any mischief taking place on the
                     beach, at  Police hope the camera
will act as a crime deterrent, much like a
                     video camera in a convenience store.

@_date: 2002-02-22 21:22:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: All your childrens' DNA are belong to us 
J. Cieciel
    Published: February 21, 2002
    State of mistrust
    South Carolina agencies continue to violate citizens' privacy. This
    time the state is distributing our children's DNA. Lawmakers need to
    institute firmer rules on the collection and distribution of
    individuals' personal information.
      _________________________________________________________________
    Once again South Carolina's state government has proven that it
    be trusted with the personal information it demands from its
    South Carolinians had hoped it was a fluke when the state sold the
    information on 3.5 million people's driver's licenses to a New
    Hampshire company without their permission or even notification.
    Citizens thought that the outrage from that incident surely would
    state officials more responsible about how they handle the personal
    information citizens are forced to give the state.
    But last week South Carolinians learned that -- without their
    knowledge or permission -- the state had created a DNA library on
    children. By law, babies are tested for specific genetic diseases
    after they are born. The state Department of Health and
    Control has been saving all of those samples since 1995 in a special
    deep freeze facility.
    State officials told us not to worry. These genetic blueprints of
    children are safe with them. This information could not be misused.
    This week we learned that the information has already been misused.
    Without the permission of these DNA donors or their parents, the
    has given some of the samples to a genetics laboratory and gave
    to the State Law Enforcement Division to help start a DNA databank
    there.
    Are there any parents left who still trust the state with this
    information? It's not likely.
    Do South Carolinians want a genetics lab experimenting on their
    children's DNA? Did state officials ever think to ask? And what
    does SLED have to include our innocent children's DNA in its
    Legislative remedies for this problem have been discussed in
    They range from the immediate destruction of the DNA samples held by
    DHEC to a system in which parents can instruct the state not to keep
    their children's samples. Clearly, the state must institute a
    that -- at a bare minimum -- requires DHEC to get parental
    to keep the samples.
    [...]

@_date: 2002-02-22 21:19:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: EuroNazis want to ban thoughtcrime 
Move to Ban Net 'Hate Speech' Draws
   Praise, Concern
   Fri Feb 22,12:46 PM ET
   By Bernhard Warner, European Internet Correspondent
   LONDON (Reuters) - Authors of emails and Internet postings that
   contain racist or xenophobic material may face criminal charges under
   proposed European treaty that is dividing the Internet and law
enforcement communities.
    The proposal, drafted by the Council of Europe, would essentially
outlaw the publishing of "hate
   speech" on the Internet. Welcomed by law enforcement agencies, it has
been slammed by Internet
   firms as impossible to enforce.
   The agreement would create a comprehensive legal framework for
international crimefighters as they
   strive to identify and prosecute cross-border hate crimes on the
Internet, an area politicians are eager
   to crack down on in the wake of the September 11 attacks.
   "We must harmonize the laws first so that countries can cooperate in
criminal investigations regarding
   the Internet," Peter Csonka, principal administrator at the Council
of Europe, told Reuters on Friday.
   He added that many member states have already criminalized certain
activities regarded as racist or
   xenophobic -- such as threatening a group on the grounds of race,
color or religion -- and that the
   treaty would seek to extend that onto the Net.
   FREE SPEECH OR RACIAL HATRED? The proposal has already provoked
protest from civil
   liberties groups who maintain the proposal could criminalize free
speech, and from some Internet firms
   concerned over liability issues.
   Csonka said that telecommunications firms and Internet service
providers have contacted the council
   asking for clarification on whether they would be held liable for
hate speech posted or emailed by their
   customers.
   Internet Service Providers (ISPs) typically operate a policy of
"notification and takedown," in which
   they will remove sites containing objectionable material if it's
first brought to their attention.
   Self-policing in this manner, they say, is the best way to tackle
hate speech online.
   "It's almost impossible, and this is the consensus in the IPS
community too, to monitor every single
   piece of Web space in the Internet community," said Paul Barker,
director of corporate affairs at
   Freeserve, the British ISP owned by France's Wanadoo .
   Csonka said the liability concerns raised by ISPs and Web site
operators have not yet been addressed.
   Civil liberty groups have also objected to the proposal, fearing it
could bring the more rigorous
   anti-hate speech laws that exist in continental Europe to the more
liberal UK and U.S.
   For example, it is unlawful to post or sell Nazi regalia or
propaganda on the Internet in France and
   Germany, but there are few legal curbs in the U.S. and Britain.
   "This proposal could potentially outlaw free speech," said Malcolm
Hutty, general director for
   Campaign Against Censorship on the Internet in Britain, or CACIB.
"That would be a great
   infringement of civil rights."
   CACIB and sister organizations of online rights group, the Global
Internet Liberty Campaign, have
   begun to formulate a campaign to raise awareness for the new policy.
   The Convention on Cybercrime is the fruit of unprecedented
international cooperation, receiving input
   from 43 European countries plus the United States, Japan, Canada and
South Africa.
   Drafted by the Council of Europe, a pan-European legal forum which
works for the harmonization of
   laws across the continent, the treaty would need individual
ratification by each before it is adopted into
   law. It has so far been signed, but not yet ratified, by 32 nations.
   The "hate speech" amendment is expected to be brought into the
convention this July, officials said,
   after the current public input period ends.

@_date: 2002-02-22 17:27:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: MS's Organization for Internet fnord Safety 
[In a year, reporting bugs outside of OIS will be a felony, we
Group to set bug-reporting standards
   Thu Feb 21, 6:33 PM ET
   Robert Lemos CNET News.com
   Microsoft and other software makers met with several
computer-security companies
   Thursday to hash out the last details of a group that will set
guidelines for reporting software
   flaws that affect Internet security.
Currently named the Organization for Internet Safety, the group is still
flux, with members and rules not yet finalized, said sources
with the discussions.
Stuart McClure, president and chief technology officer of
company Foundstone, wouldn't give details about the meeting but
confirmed that no form has been settled on for the organization. He did
say that such a group is sorely needed by the security industry.

@_date: 2002-02-22 17:15:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: cop wacos self during training 
Pressure in Police 'gas Ax' Device Kills Officer During Training
                       Exercise, Authorities Say
                          The Associated Press
                         Published: Feb 22, 2002
PHOENIX (AP) - Pressure in a "gas ax" used by police to break down walls
and subdue suspects may have caused one of the devices to malfunction
and kill an officer during a training exercise, authorities said.
Scottsdale police Sgt. Tom Hontz was killed and 11 other officers
slightly injured Wednesday when the device exploded during the exercise
at two vacant homes in suburban Gilbert, police said.
Authorities issued a nationwide warning to law enforcement agencies
about the device and asked the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and
Firearms to determine the cause.
"The reason the thing exploded is there was too much pressure inside of
it," said Sgt. Jim Lahti, [Ed note: D'oh] a Gilbert police spokesman.
"We are investigating why."
The gas ax is used to make a hole in a wall of a room where a suspect is
barricaded and emits a debilitating gas that gives police a chance to
enter safely. A long metal handle is used to drive a pointed pipe
through a wall. A tear gas or similar chemical cartridge is then
Hontz, 45, died a few hours after the explosion. Other officers involved
in the training were treated and released, including one with shrapnel
injuries from flying metal.

@_date: 2002-02-21 23:29:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: condit's other whore sues press 
[Relev: "special objects" (public figures), libel, wiretaps]
FRESNO  Carolyn Condit, wife of embattled Ceres Congressman Gary
                   Condit, filed a $10 million lawsuit against the
National Enquirer Thursday. In the
                   lawsuit, Carolyn Condit contends the National
Enquirer libeled her when it
                   reported that she had verbally attacked Chandra Levy
during a telephone
                   conversation just days before Levy disappeared.
Condits lawyers said that call
                   never took place.
                   The Los Angeles-based firm of Johnson & Rishwain is
representing Condit. The
                   firm specializes in invasion of privacy issues.
Neville Johnson, who appeared with
                   Carolyn Condit as the suit was filed in U.S. District
Court in Fresno, said Condit
                   has been considering the suit for a while, though he
did not specify how long. He
                   said the action has nothing to do with her husbands
re-election campaign. She
                   began working with the firm after her children made
the initial contact, Johnson
                   said.
                   He added that Carolyn Condit has never spoken to
Levy, who was last seen
                   April 30. The former Washington, D.C., intern from
Modesto has been linked
                   romantically to the congressman.
                   The whole article is unjust, Carolyn Condit said in
response to a question. It
                   was very hurtful to me and my family. She made no
other statement.
                   Johnson conceded the first big battle is whether she
is a public or private figure.
                   Libel suits against public figures are harder to win.
But even if she is a public
                   figure, we are still confident we will prevail,
Johnson said.

@_date: 2002-02-21 19:18:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: malaysian Al Qaeda website registry 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20 (UPI) -- A new Arabic language Web site offering
information on the post-Taliban
Afghanistan has started carrying statements and messages it says are by
Saudi terrorism suspect Osama
bin Laden.
Earlier this week, the site --  -- placed a joint
condolence message it said was from bin
Laden, his Egyptian lieutenant, Dr. Ayman l-Zawahiri, and Taliban
leaders Mullah Mohammad Omar and
Mullah Mohammad Hasan on the death of Pakistani religious scholar Shaikh
Hamza Dani.
  Registrant:
  -
  -
  -, - -
  US
  Domain Name: ALNEDA.COM
  Administrative Contact:
     Aljiha, Neda  nedacom
     -
     -, - -
     US
     8233323
  Technical Contact:
     Chee, Raymond  rchee
     7B-4, Jalan PJU 1/42, Dataran Prima,
     Petaling Jaya, Selangor 47301
     MY
     603-78805580
  Billing Contact:
     Aljiha, Neda  nedacom
     -
     -, - -
     US
     8233323
  Registration Service Provider:
     Emerge Systems (M) Sdn Bhd, rchee
     603-78805580
  Record last updated on 20-Feb-2002.
  Record expires on 20-Dec-2002.
  Record Created on 20-Dec-2001.
  Domain servers in listed order:
     NS3.LOCALDNS.COM   202.56.156.187
     NS4.LOCALDNS.COM   202.56.157.79
 The previous information has been obtained either directly from the
 registrant or a registrar of the domain name other than Network
 Network Solutions, therefore, does not guarantee its accuracy or
 completeness.
 10    21 ms    20 ms    23 ms
teleglobe-level3-oc12.LosAngeles1.Level3.net [209.0.227.34]
 11    19 ms    20 ms    32 ms  if-12-0-0.bb1.LosAngeles.Teleglobe.net
 12    19 ms    24 ms    20 ms  ix-5-0-0.bb1.LosAngeles.Teleglobe.net
 13   207 ms   212 ms   209 ms  161.142.23.6
 14   225 ms   211 ms   208 ms  ge6-0.bkj90.jaring.my [161.142.100.11]
 15     *        *        *     Request timed out.
 16   209 ms   210 ms   207 ms  alneda.com [202.56.157.109]

@_date: 2002-02-21 17:26:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: hackers judges and kiddie p0rn, the adventure continues 
By JACK LEONARD, TIMES STAFF WRITER
A mysterious Canadian computer hacker who allegedly stole an electronic
diary purporting to detail the sexual fantasies of an Orange County
judge admitted to authorities that he's hacked into thousands of other
computers, according to a police affidavit made public this week.
The hacker's credibility--and whether he worked on behalf of
authorities--is emerging as a central question in the case against Judge
Ronald C. Kline, who stands accused of downloading child pornography to
his home and courthouse computers.
The hacker worked with Canadian police on at least one high-profile
child porn case, the police affidavits said, but he was also suspected
of possessing pornography and under investigation by the U.S. Customs
Bureau. The hacker, who was not named in the affidavit, describes
himself as a "predator hunter" who accessed a diary and pornographic
images on Kline's computer, which was eventually turned over to
authorities last summer, the affidavit states.
Irvine detectives and federal agents used the hacker's evidence to
obtain a search warrant of Kline's home and courthouse computers.
The search unearthed more than 100 images of photographs showing young
boys engaged in sex acts.
But in their latest court filings, Kline's defense attorneys attacked
the hacker's credibility, saying that taking the judge's diary was
illegal and suggesting that the hacker was working on behalf of law
enforcement at the time.
If a judge agrees that the hacker was indeed a police agent, the
computer evidence could well be thrown out of court.
Defense attorneys also raised the possibility that the hacker could have
doctored the diary and computer images that form the bedrock of federal
prosecutors' case against Kline.
"A person who can" hack, wrote attorney Paul S. Meyer in the court
papers filed last week, "can also enter a personal computer secretly and
alter its contents and add materials not previously present."
The latest filings offer the best portrait yet of the shadowy figure
whose computer work ultimately led to last November's federal grand jury
indictment of Kline, who also faces separate state child molestation
charges. Kline has pleaded not guilty to the federal charges and is
running for reelection on the March 5 ballot.
Irvine police learned about the hacker's infiltration of the judge's
computer from Julie Posey, founder of the Colorado-based Internet
watchdog group, Pedowatch, which received an anonymous tip along with
Kline's diary from the hacker.
The hacker, the affidavit says, told Posey he was working as an
informant for customs agents.
The computer diary detailed intimate thoughts that the author described
about boys he met at an Orange County Little League baseball club,
particularly about one 13-year-old player.
"I gave a lot of thought today about this business of approaching these
kids too fast," the diary says, according to the affidavit. "You have to
make them come to you or it doesn't work."
After receiving the diary, Irvine detectives were left with the task of
trying to track down the hacker, documents show. They finally found him,
even though the anonymous tipster did his best to hide his tracks.
Hacker Said to Be on Both Sides of Law
The hacker did not return e-mails from investigators. Customs officials
served a summons for information from the company that provided the
hacker with an e-mail account. But the address turned out to be phony.
Irvine Det. Ron Carr eventually discovered a Web site the hacker was
operating. He called Vancouver police to help contact the company that
owned the site.
But the Canadian police said they actually knew all about the operator
of the site, who turned out to be the hacker Carr was searching for.
The hacker, the Royal Canadian Mountain Police told Carr, was "essential
in the apprehension" two years ago of a father suspected of offering his
8-year-old daughter for sex over the Internet.
Canadian authorities told Carr that the hacker, who allegedly possessed
"large quantities of child pornography," was no longer working as an
informant, according to the court documents.
But the hacker had recently been on the other end of an investigation.
Customs agents told Carr that the hacker was considered a suspect in at
least one federal child pornography investigation last year, the records
state, though they provide no other details about the case.
In August, Carr and a customs agent flew to Langley, British Columbia--a
small town just outside Vancouver--to interview the hacker.
There, he told the officers how he created a virus to infect the
computers of suspected traders in kiddie porn. The virus allowed him to
examine the contents of each machine he infected.
Between 2,000 and 3,000 computers worldwide had been infiltrated by the
virus, he told the officers.
The hacker described his virus as "the Trojan Horse" because it is
attached to an Internet file that is downloaded onto the computer.

@_date: 2002-02-21 16:55:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: more Microsoft spyware 
[Ed: We especially like how MS changed its published policies to be no
longer fraudulent
only after the Press asks questions..]
Microsoft Program Tracks User Info
             Wed Feb 20, 8:20 PM ET
             By D. IAN HOPPER, AP Technology Writer
             WASHINGTON - Microsoft's new version of its popular Media
             Player software is logging the songs and movies that
customers play.
              The company changed its privacy statement Wednesday to
             customers about the technology after inquiries from The
             Press.
             The system creates a list on each computer that could be a
treasure for
             marketing companies, lawyers or others. Microsoft says it
has no plans
             to sell the data collected by Media Player 8, which comes
free with the
             Windows XP (news - web sites) operating system. The company
             last month it had sold more than 17 million copies of
Windows XP.
             "If you're watching DVDs you don't want your wife to know
             you might not want to give her your password," said David
             Microsoft's lead program manager for Windows Media.
             The media player has been bundled as a free addition to
Windows for
             several years and allows users to play music CDs, DVD
movies and
             digitally stored songs on their computers.
             When a CD is played, the player downloads the disc name and
             for each song from a Web site licensed by Microsoft. That
             is stored on a small file on each computer in the latest
version of the
             software.
             The new version released with Windows XP last fall also
added the
             same technology for DVD movies.
             Microsoft's original privacy statement informed customers
that they
             were downloading the information about CDs but never stated
it was
             being stored in a log file on each computer.
             The new statement makes clear that information is being
             for both DVDs and CDs, but does not explain how users can
             or get into the log file.
             "It definitely could have been clearer and more specific
about DVDs,"
             Caulton said.
             Clearing the list of songs and movie titles would cripple
Media Player.
             Stopping the program from collecting any more information
             mean changing the software's settings, but that would
disable Internet
             broadcasts.
             As part of downloading the information about songs and
movies from
             the Web site, the program also transmits an identifier
number unique to
             each user on the computer. That creates the possibility
that user habits
             could be tracked and sold for marketing purposes.
             Privacy experts said they feared the log file could be used
             investigators, divorce lawyers, snooping family members,
             companies or others interested in learning about a person's
             entertainment habits. It also could be used to make sure
users have
             paid for the music or movie, and have not made an illegal
             "The big picture might be the owners of intellectual
property wanting to
             track access to their property," said Peter Swire, a law
professor at
             Ohio State University.
             Microsoft said the program creates the log file so a user
does not have
             to download repeatedly the same track, album or movie
             The company said the ID number was created simply to allow
             Players users to have a personal account on the Web site
dealing with
             the software.
             Neither is sold or shared with others, and no information
is collected on
             Microsoft's servers that would be personally identifiable,
officials said.
             "This is essentially a case where it (the ID) doesn't serve
any purpose
             and it isn't used," Caulton said.
             Jonathan Usher, another Windows Media executive, said
             has no plans to market aggregate information about its
             viewing habits, but would not rule it out.
             "If users tell us that they want the ability to get
recommendations, that's something we could look into
             on the behalf of users," Usher said.
             In a recent memo, Microsoft chairman Bill Gates (news - web
sites) ordered his company to check
             for privacy and security concerns before adding new
             "Users should be in control of how their data is used,"
Gates wrote. "Policies for information use
             should be clear to the user. Users should be in control of
when and if they receive information to make
             best use of their time."
             Privacy researcher Richard Smith, who researched how Media
Player stored and transmitted the
             information, questioned why the program has to give chapter
information for DVDs at all because
             almost all discs have chapter listings in an interactive
menu within the movie.
             He said the feature seems to conflict with Gates'
             "You can really see the Microsoft culture coming through
that Gates wants to change. These guys are
             digging in their heels," he said.

@_date: 2002-02-19 16:51:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Anthrax Theatre: Rogue exFed with spores, secrets 
[Ed note: now taking bets on how long after apprehension the suspect
hangs himself fnord in jail]
Expert: Anthrax suspect ID'd
                02/19/02
                By JOSEPH DEE
                Staff Writer
                PRINCETON BOROUGH -- An advocate for the control of
                biological weapons who has been gathering information
                about last autumn's anthrax attacks said yesterday the
                Federal Bureau of Investigation has a strong hunch about
                who mailed the deadly letters.
                But the FBI might be "dragging its feet" in pressing
                charges because the suspect is a former government
                scientist familiar with "secret activities that the
                would not like to see disclosed," said Barbara Hatch
                Rosenberg, director of the Federation of American
                Scientists' Chemical and Biological Weapons Program.
                Rosenberg, who spoke to about 65 students, faculty
                members and others at the Woodrow Wilson School of
                Public and International Affairs at Princeton
University, said
                the FBI has known of the suspect since October and,
                according to her "government insider" sources, has
                interrogated him more than once.
                The investigation into five anthrax-laced letters and
                other hoax letters -- all mailed last fall, including
                processed by Trenton Main Post Office in Hamilton -- was
                the focus of Rosenberg's talk. She also gave her
                about what the government should do to control
                weapons.
                "There are a number of insiders -- government insiders
                who know people in the anthrax field who have a common
                suspect," Rosenberg said. "The FBI has questioned that
                person more than once, . . . so it looks as though the
                is taking that person very seriously."
                She said it is quite possible the suspect is a scientist
                formerly worked at the U.S. government's military
                laboratory at Fort Detrick, Md.
                Rosenberg said she has been gathering information from
                press reports, congressional hearings, Bush
                news conferences and government insiders she would not
                name.
                During a brief question-and-answer session after her
                one man wondered whether biological agents truly pose
                significant dangers to the public, given the limited
                of deaths and illnesses caused by five anthrax-laced
                letters.
                Without mentioning other biological agents that are far
                more deadly and contagious than anthrax, Rosenberg said
                the potential for a biological attack is "catastrophic."
                Another man wondered if the FBI and other investigators
                might be focusing too narrowly on one scientist, saying,
                "New Jersey is the epicenter of the international
                pharmaceutical industry," and many people in those labs
                presumably have the skills to handle and refine anthrax.
                "I think your argument would have been a good one
                on, but I think that the results of the analyses (of the
                letters and the anthrax in them) show that access to
                classified information was essential," Rosenberg said.
                "And that rules out most of the people in the
                pharmaceutical industry. . . . It's possible, but they
                have had to have access to the information," Rosenberg
                said.
                Picking up the conversational thread, another man said,
                "People know a lot, and it's a question of what they
                to focus their knowledge on. Things are invented in
                parallel," he said.
                -- -- --
                She said the evidence points to a person who has
                experience handling anthrax; who has been vaccinated and
                has received annual booster shots; and who had access to
                classified government information about how to
                treat the bacterial spores to keep them from clumping
                together, which allows them to remain airborne.
                "We can draw a likely portrait of the perpetrator as a
                Fort Detrick scientist who is now working for a
                in the Washington, D.C., area," Rosenberg said. "He had
                reason for travel to Florida, New Jersey and the United
                Kingdom. . . . There is also the likelihood the
                made the anthrax himself. He grew it, probably on a
                medium and weaponized it at a private location where he
                had accumulated the equipment and the material.
                "We know that the FBI is looking at this person, and
                likely that he participated in the past in secret
                that the government would not like to see disclosed,"
                Rosenberg said. "And this raises the question of whether
                the FBI may be dragging its feet somewhat and may not
                be so anxious to bring to public light the person who
                this.
                "I know that there are insiders, working for the
                who know this person and who are worried that it could
                happen that some kind of quiet deal is made that he just
                disappears from view," Rosenberg said.
                "This, I think, would be a really serious outcome that
                send a message to other potential terrorists, that
                would think they could get away with it.
                "So I hope that doesn't happen, and that is my
                to continue to follow this and to try to encourage press
                coverage and pressure on the FBI to follow up and
                prosecute the perpetrator."
                -- -- --
                She expressed disappointment that the U.S. government
                last July decided against signing an international
                weapons treaty that would ban nations from developing
                such weapons.
                "It became clear from congressional testimony that the
                reason for this rejection was the need to protect our
                projects," Rosenberg said.
                During the question-and-answer period, one woman said,
                "I'm not sure that I understood you completely, but it
                seems to me that the United States government has a
                double-standard," of wanting other nations to comply
with a
                weapons ban but wanting freedom to pursue its own
                program.
                "I'm totally shocked by this information," she said,
                a wave of laughter through the lecture hall.
                "They make no bones about it," Rosenberg replied. "On
                many occasions they've argued that rules should be for
                bad guys, not the good guys."
                Rosenberg said she worries about an "enormous increase"
                in money in the Bush budget for research into
                agents. "There is already a rush for this funding," she
                The number of researchers and labs ought to be tightly
                controlled, she said. Under the current budget proposal,
                however, she says the government will be spreading
                money around to "a lot more people and a lot more
                laboratories around the country from which bioterrorists
                can emerge, as one just did.
                "By spreading around this access and this knowledge,
                we're asking for trouble.'

@_date: 2002-02-17 19:04:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Thinking is not a crime in this country 
There is no indication that these thoughts were ever communicated to
anyone," Meyer said. "The publication of these private thoughts serves
no purpose except to embarrass the judge. Thinking is not a crime in
this country."
The writings were initially stolen from Kline's computer by a hacker,
then passed to anti-pedophile groups before being turned over to police.
A copy of the document also was e-mailed to a Register reporter.
But the intimate writings - interspersed with references to court cases,
analyses of literary works and memoirs of daily life - appear to
describe Kline's emotional struggle over his fascination with the bodies
of young Orange County boys, many of whom are mentioned by name. The
document also describes the author's hesitancy to act on those feelings.
In portions of the diary, the author describes frequent stints working
as an umpire or just hanging around south Orange County Little League
baseball games.
The author of the diary describes himself as an Orange County judge and
Little League umpire who owns a Porsche sports car, all traits that also
describe Kline. Some of the accounts in the diary have been
independently corroborated.

@_date: 2002-02-17 18:55:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Being sued for not offering features 
Excerpt from Popular New Pedal Adjusters Could Create Legal Troubles
comfort - they can save shorter drivers from injuries in a crash by
keeping them farther back from the steering wheel air bag, which can
inflate at speeds of up to 200 mph.
The suit, which goes to trial Tuesday in Louisville, Ky., claims Ford
was negligent because it knew about adjusters' safety potential long
before it started offering the option.<
Imagine if such Kentucky 'logic' were applied to the software biz...

@_date: 2002-02-15 19:06:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: anonymous explosives: 60 tonnes = how many airplanes? 
Czech plastic explosives
         reported stolen
      Czech intelligence services have
  identified losses of the plastic explosive
  Semtex, a key military explosive used in a
  number of terrorist bombings over the past
  several decades.
      The Prague newspaper Lidove Noviny
  reported Feb. 5 that most of the stolen
  Semtex had been taken from Army storage
  depots containing about 60 tons of
  untagged Semtex.
      The Czech government in January
  approved a proposal to nationalize
  Explosia, the company that manufactures
  the explosive, in order to better control
  production and distribution and to prevent
  terrorists from obtaining the pliable
  high-explosive.
      In recent years, Semtex was produced
  with special tags that allow investigators
  to identify the explosive after a blast.
      The unmarked Semtex cannot be
  detected by equipment or
  explosive-sniffing dogs.
  During the 1990s, several soldiers, both
  enlisted and officers, were caught
  attempting to steal Semtex.
      According to on Czech intelligence
  report, Semtex can be taken during
  training, pyrotechnic work or directly from
  the depots.

@_date: 2002-02-15 17:55:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Jamming with the band 
[UWB systems will have to have a high-pass filter to save GPS and other
high-freq military comm.
Removing these filters will probably not be too difficult.]
February 14, 2002
GPS, OTHER MILITARY SYSTEMS PROTECTED BY FCC DECISION
Today's decision by the Federal Communications Commission authorizing
the use of ultra-wideband (UWB) devices above
3.1 GHz and imposing strict technical limits below 3.1 GHz continues to
protect critical, spectrum-dependent military
systems, including the Global Positioning Satellite (GPS) system, the
Department of Defense said today.

@_date: 2002-02-15 00:31:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: MS security fix introduces security hole 
Microsoft Web Toolkit Has Security
 Loophole -Expert
 Thu Feb 14, 2:43 PM ET
 By Elinor Mills Abreu
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A security expert said on Thursday
 that a feature that was added to make Microsoft Corp.'s new Web
 services development tool kit more secure would actually leave the
software open to attack from
 hackers.
                    The discovery comes as the software giant puts a
greater emphasis on
                    security in the hopes that computer users will feel
comfortable using its new
                    Web services, which promise access to any software
program from any
                    device over the Internet.
                    Microsoft has long been criticized as sacrificing
security for functionality in its
                    products, leaving millions of Windows users to
contend with viruses and
                    other security issues that can compromise data and
                    The new flaw was discovered in Visual C++ .NET, also
called version 7,
                    and could affect any type of software program a
developer chooses to write
                    with the tool kit, according to Gary McGraw, chief
technology officer of
                    Dulles, Virginia-based Cigital Inc., a software risk
management consultancy.
                    The flawed feature was intended to allow developers
to provide greater
                    security to the software they write for Microsoft's
new .NET Web services
                    platform, announced by the company with fanfare on
Wednesday, he said.
                    "The feature was designed and implemented
incorrectly. Instead of
                    protecting, it doesn't do anything," said McGraw,
author of a book called
                    "Building Secure Software."
 Specifically, the bug is in the software that compiles source code into
code the machine can
 understand, he said, adding that the bug allows for a common type of
security vulnerability called a
 "buffer overflow," which could allow a remote attacker to take control
of a computer.

@_date: 2002-02-15 00:07:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: USMS OK Disappear 
Jailers are generally wannabe cops who were too stupid to pass ---in
they answered the "do you enjoy sodomizing immigrants with plunger
question truthfully.

@_date: 2002-02-14 23:53:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Adm. Poindexter, a known felon 
ADMIRAL POINDEXTER!
Get back on Felix The Cat where you belong!
Get the damn pipe out of your mouth!
You're history, you're gone!
THE UNTOUCHABLES -Frank Zappa [1]
No one knows who's in my dream...
I mean it must be high or low.
That is, I can't you know, tune in, but it's all right.
(I mean that.)
That is, I think it's not too bad.
(Actual testimony of John Poindexter)
The Texas Motel -Frank Zappa
#   One of the main figures in the Iran-Contra affair, Oliver North's
# Lied in front of a Congressional investigative panel and would have
# a felony conviction if it wasn't for the pardon from George Bush.
     Get back on Felix The Cat where you belong!
                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^
#  Yes it is [cartoon character], and one of the characters on the show
# a geeky guy named Poindexter.  For anyone growing up in America, the
# association of the name Poindexter is with Felix the Cat.

@_date: 2002-02-14 21:53:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: how stupid can americans get?  DMCA vs. RS-232 
Which is stupider: "Owners of Afghan hounds face backlash"
or RS-232 cables being DMCA violations?
Politech DMCA archive:
Thought this might interest you:
 Colin is using the Dreamcast for real-time systems work and purchased
serial cables to connect to his computer's RS-232 port for downloading
NetBSD to the Dreamcast console.
Customs siezed the UPS shipment and declared that the cables were
in violation of the DMCA.  UPS had to return them to the sender
and there does not appear to be any chance of appeal.
The EFF is working with Colin.  Hopefully they will be able to
make some headway and determine what happened.

@_date: 2002-02-14 21:37:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Why you should never talk to feds 
Jury Convicts Saudi Man Charged With Lying to the FBI in Terrorism
                             Investigation
                 By Foster KlugAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Feb 14, 2002
PHOENIX (AP) - A Saudi man was convicted Thursday of lying to the FBI
when he denied knowing one of the Sept. 11 hijackers.
Faisal Al Salmi repeatedly denied knowing Hani Hanjour, one of the
terrorists aboard the plane that hit the Pentagon, during a series of
interviews on Sept. 18 and Sept. 19, prosecutors said.
Al Salmi, 34, was the first person convicted on charges connecting him
to the hijackers. He was not charged with terrorism.
Al Salmi, who came to the United States from Saudi Arabia on a student
visa in 1997, could receive up to six months behind bars when he is
sentenced on April 29. Al Salmi has been in custody since Sept. 21.
Attorney General John Ashcroft said after Al Salmi's indictment was
unsealed in October that the government "will bring the full weight of
the law upon those who attempt to impede or hinder" the terrorism
Prosecutors said Al Salmi and Hanjour were registered at the same time
to use a flight simulator that was open to the public at a Phoenix
flight school.
Several FBI agents testified during Al Salmi's trial that he had changed
his story during the interviews, eventually acknowledging he had met
Hanjour on different occasions in the past several years.
During closing arguments Thursday, Sexton said Al Salmi was even
deceptive when he eventually acknowledged meeting Hanjour.
Al Salmi told authorities he met Hanjour twice at a Phoenix area mosque.
But the two were also seen together at a store in suburban Scottsdale
last summer.
"He clearly has a friendship that goes beyond the two times he said he
met him at the mosque," Sexton told the jury.
Al Salmi's attorney, Gerald Williams, didn't deny his client and Hanjour
had met, but told jurors there was a difference between meeting people
and knowing them.
"They are trying to get Mr. Al Salmi to admit he was connected to Hani
Hanjour but he wasn't and he's not going to admit it no matter how hard
they try," Williams said.

@_date: 2002-02-13 23:11:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: ATTN: Sister Tornado 
In your Black SOAP RFC draft [cpunks 11 Feb 02] you propose using USENET
as a broadcast medium
for encrypted messages injected via an anonymous remailer chain.  The
broadcast provides
resistance to traffic-analysis for the receiver; remailers provide
anonymity for the source;
encryption provides confidentiality and authentication for the message.
(The XML & Soap, which we admit to having very little knowledge of,
seems only to facilitate
interoperability?  You could use remailers, PGP, and USENET by
themselves, no?)
It seems it would be useful, in a client program, to have some way of
automating the extraction of messages
destined for the user.  A few ideas come to mind.
IF the message were known to be prose, a simple entropy-measure on each
of the decrypted messages would detect messages encrypted with our
public key; messages which
are not for us (including plaintext) would be turned into noise.  Both
Shannon's and Maurer's tests
are very fast.  You wouldn't need to decrypt much of each message.
Alternately you could scan for a given string ("Destined-For: myhandle")
somewhere in the first N kilobytes
of decrypted data.  If this is not the first correspondence with the
other entity, you could search for a string provided by the
initial contact posting.  It would be fastest if the "this-is-for-me"
string were at a fixed location in the message, so that
little would need to be decrypted, but we are concerned about the
security risk of that mechanism.

@_date: 2002-02-13 18:15:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: freedom of speech, religion WINS in HA mandatory youth 
High School Faces Fight Over Satan Reference
 Kaimuki High School's dress code came under fire Tuesday from a member
of the Church of Satan.
 The dress code singles out clothing and accessories that promote
 Satanism.
The head of Citizens for the Separation of State and Church said the
school's policy violates free speech provisions in the Constitution.
                                    KITV 4 News saw piercings, dyed hair
and bare midriffs. However, the
                                    school's written policy states the
following are not allowed in classrooms:
                                    gang-related clothing, or clothing
promoting alcohol, tobacco, profanity, or
                                    Satanism.
                                    "Just simply labeling it as Satanist
is inappropriate. It singles out one
               religion over others and you can't do that under the
Constitution," Mitchell Kahle of CSSC said.
               The head of Citizens for Separation of State and Church
said the complaint came from a member of
               the Church of Satan who works at the school. The person
was offended by the policy but wants to
               remain anonymous.
               Most students KITV 4 News talked to said they don't know
any Satanists at the school but support
               the right of religious expression.
               "Satanism, believe it or not, it is a religion. People
actually believe it. It's a way of life so if you can
               wear a shirt that says Jesus loves you, you should be
able to wear a shirt that has a pentagram on it,"
               Kahle said.
               "If people are allowed to wear bracelets that say: 'What
Would Jesus Do,' they should be allowed to
               say: 'What would Satan do,'" 10th grader Ashley Williams
               But not all agreed with questioning the policy, saying
some clothing is disruptive.
               "We go to school to learn, not to, like, it's not like a
fashion show," senior Alice Kim said.
               Department of Education (news - web sites) spokesman Greg
Knudsen said the attorney general's
               office is reviewing the policy.
               As a result of Tuesday's complaint, the reference to
Satanism in the dress code policy will be taken
               out.
               It's already been deleted from the school's Web site.
However, it's unclear how many hard copies of
               the policy exist with the Satanism reference and how
those will be deleted.

@_date: 2002-02-11 22:02:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Kirkwood legislation 
Measure would give police more privacy on   Web
By Michael Ko
Seattle Times staff reporter
A Web site that gives personal information on
hundreds of police officers and is already the
subject of a lawsuit pitting the First
Amendment against personal privacy now is
the target of legislation aimed at shutting it down.
The bill, which passed out of the state Senate Judiciary Committee on
Thursday, would allow a judge to shut down any source that sells, lists
distributes the home phone numbers, home addresses, birthdates or Social
Security numbers of police officers or court employees and shows "an
intent to
harm or intimidate."
Those named could seek damages in civil court.
["We are all special objects" --Tim May]
[How about when "intentful" sites merely include a *link* to
"non-intentful" sites?
Shades of 2600-deCSS...]

@_date: 2002-02-05 22:51:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: ANTHRAX THEATRE: Lame Feds ask for microbio narc 
FBI asks microbiologists for help
                  on anthrax
                  WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Saying "it is very likely that one
or more of
                  you know this individual," the FBI has asked the
nation's 30,000
                  microbiologists for help in identifying who sent the
deadly anthrax-laced
                  letters last year.
                  "A review of the information to date in this matter
leads investigators to believe
                  that a single person is most likely responsible for
these mailings. This person is
                  experienced working in a laboratory," the FBI said in
a letter to the members
                  of the American Society for Microbiology.
                  Van Harp, director of the FBI's Washington field
                  office and the man in charge of the bureau's
                  anthrax investigation, wrote the letter. It was sent
                  to the biologists in mid-January. CNN obtained
                  the letter Monday.
                  "I would like to appeal to the talented men and
                  women of the American Society for
                  Microbiology to assist the FBI in identifying the
                  person who mailed these letters. It is very likely
                  that one or more of you know this individual,"
                  Harp wrote.

@_date: 2002-02-04 21:22:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: more dumb feds 
b. TROOP.CGI was a computer program written in the computer language
CGI, also known as the Common
     Gateway Interface, which is a standard way for an Internet computer
to pass an Internet user's request to an
     application program and to return data back to the originating
Um, right.  CGI is an *interface spec* and cgi programs are written in
perl, C, whatever.

@_date: 2002-02-04 21:20:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: encrypted data means Feds steal your computer forever? 
From iii. Any data that is encrypted and unreadable will not be returned
unless law enforcement personnel have determined that the data is
not      (1) an instrumentality of the offense, (2) a fruit of the
criminal activity, (3) contraband, (4) otherwise unlawfully possessed,
or (5)
     evidence of the offense specified above.
1) Why do this when they can copy the data?
2) How the *hell* do you "return" data?   Data can be copied or erased.
Only physical assets can be returned.
Are all the *smart* feds chasing arabs?

@_date: 2002-02-05 01:03:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: ID, drivers license abuse; military registration 
Bill would require men to register for draft
to get drivers license
By NORMA LOVE
Associated Press Writer
CONCORD, N.H. (AP)  Failing to register for the draft could
mean giving up the right to drive for men in New Hampshire if a
Senate bill becomes law.
Linking the driving privilege to registering with the Selective Service
System is needed to gain greater compliance from the 18- to
26-year-old men required by federal law to register, witnesses told
the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday.
Sen. Carl Johnson, R-Meredith, said despite educational efforts
many men dont realize they are required to register.
Live Free or Die, Senator
SNIPERS WANTED

@_date: 2002-02-05 19:19:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: LATimes covers RaiseTheFist censorship/harassment 
[So empty bottles and empty gascans are 'unassembled Molotov cocktails?
I bet even Sandfort has a few of these unassembled weapons of mass
concealed in his recycled bin. Does Nokia sell "remote detonators"?  If
you know how to solder, they do..]
                     LOS ANGELES
                     Web Site Prompts FBI Arrest of Man on Explosives
                       Inquiry: Sherman Oaks resident, 19, is accused of
posting instructions on
                     how to build, use weapons.
                     By GREG KRIKORIAN, TIMES STAFF
                     WRITER
                     FBI agents in New York City have arrested a
                     Sherman Oaks teenager for allegedly using the
                     Internet to distribute information on how to build
                     a wide variety of explosive devices.
                     The arrest late Sunday of Sherman Martin Austin,
                     19, came two weeks after federal agents with a
                     search warrant seized two partially constructed
                     Molotov cocktails, a remote detonator and other
                     items from Austin's residence, according to a
                     federal affidavit.
                     The affidavit also alleges that Austin's Web site
                     included instructions on how to make and use
                     weapons ranging from slingshots and boomerangs
                     to smoke bombs and fuel-fertilizer explosives.
                     Austin's New York attorney could not be
                     reached for comment, but his mother denied that
                     her son had any involvement in making explosives
                     or encouraging others to do so. "At this point in
                     time, I don't want to make this a high-profile
                     drama," she said.
                     "My son is innocent," she added. "These are
                     bogus charges. He is a peaceful person. We are a
peaceful family."
                     Austin's Web site, according to the affidavit,
stated: "Many different weapons
                     and tools can be used in street fighting. Make sure
that you keep them clean
                     of fingerprints, DNA fibers (hair follicles, etc.),
especially explosives, because
                     they may not always ignite."
                     Also on the Web site, the affidavit says, was the
following message on how
                     to "defeat" police tactics: "One would attack the
poorly defended positions
                     by hurling rocks and firebombs. Since regular
police could not sustain that for
                     any longer period of time, the riot police would
have to come to their aid.
                     Then the second group of protestors would attack
the now much weakened
                     main objectives and possibly seize them."
                     Federal authorities said Austin was in Manhattan
last week to protest the
                     World Economic Forum and was arrested by New York
police Saturday for
                     allegedly participating in an unlawful assembly and
disorderly conduct.
                     A police search in New York of Austin's car,
according to the affidavit,
                     turned up electrical wiring, electrical tape, an
empty gasoline container and
                     anarchist literature.
                     After his release by New York police, FBI agents
there took Austin into
                     custody Sunday on a federal warrant that alleges he
possessed a Molotov
                     cocktail and used his Web site to post instructions
on explosive devices with
                     the intent that they would be used to commit
federal crimes.

@_date: 2002-02-06 16:33:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Jei & game theory 
Jei asked:
 >> (Yeah, if anyone spots a truly relevant item, commenting on it is
 >> welcome. Or posting a URL. But simple game theory says that it's
 >> that people don't just bounce things they read to our list,
 >> Choate, mattd, and Jei seem to not understand.)
You are dissipating your reputation by having a low signal to noise
Game theory shows that its in our interest to monitor your reputation
(in extremis, the *plonk* response increases the quality of our lives).
And its in your interest to maintain a decent rep, else you're just
your knuckle-wear and electricity.  As well as losing the ability to
truly important info, should you find it, into the stream.
Since you *may* mean well, and have not yet blown that dimension of your
rep which labels you as "incorrigable" (cf certain others...), its worth
mentioning this to you.

@_date: 2002-02-12 01:34:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: My god has a bigger dick than Ashcroft's god 
An Arab-American leader has asked President Bush to fire
Attorney General John Ashcroft unless he repudiates
reported comments that denigrated Islam.
The Arab American Institute raised the issue in a statement Friday
that cited a Nov. 9 radio commentary in which conservative
columnist Cal Thomas quoted Ashcroft as saying: "Islam is a
religion in which God requires you to send your son to die for
Him. Christianity is a faith in which God sends His son to die for
This guy has it wrong... Ashcroft, Rumsfeld, the whole stinking lot
will send your sons to die for Congress's sins...

@_date: 2002-02-12 15:04:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: green activist calls self 'terrorist' 
Wonder what kind of deal he got for calling himself a "terrorist" (tm,
 Arsonist Who Tried to Stop Construction Near Protected Area in Phoenix
                           Area Gets 18 Years
                 By Foster KlugAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Feb 12, 2002
PHOENIX (AP) - Weeping and apologizing to his victims, a man was
sentenced to 18 years in prison for torching seven luxury homes under
construction as he tried to stop development near protected desert
Mark Sands, 50, also must pay $2.8 million in restitution, U.S. District
Judge Susan Bolton said during Monday's sentencing.
Sands cried as he apologized to his family and victims who attended his
sentencing hearing.
"I believed then - and yes, it was arrogant - that the fires and threats
would make a difference," he said. "There is no environmental or
religious excuse for terrorism of any kind."
Sands pleaded guilty in November to eight counts of extortion and one
count of using fire to commit a federal felony. Arson charges that were
part of an original indictment were dismissed.
He also admitted writing letters to the media and property owners
warning that the fires would continue as long as people continued to
build next to the protected land in Phoenix and Scottsdale. One note,
found April 29 said, "You build, we burn again."

@_date: 2002-02-12 14:56:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: college profs are spies when embassy is full 
"Case officers often are sent to staff colleges instead of
foreign posts, he [former CIA spook Robert Baer] said,

@_date: 2002-02-13 16:17:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: DC to get spycams --"no choice but to accept it" 
[domestic surveillance, brinworld, big bro, pseudosecurity]
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Washington police are building what will
be the nation's biggest network of surveillance cameras to monitor
shopping areas, streets, monuments and other public places in the
U.S. capital, a move that worries civil liberties groups, The Wall
Street Journal said on Wednesday.
The system would eventually include hundreds of cameras, linking
existing devices in Metro mass transit stations, public schools and
traffic intersections to new digital cameras mounted to watch over
neighborhoods and shopping districts, the Journal said.
"In the context of Sept. 11, we have no choice but to accept greater
use of this technology," Stephen Gaffigan, the head of the police
department project, told the Journal.
He said city officials had studied the British surveillance system,
which has more than 2 million cameras throughout the country, and
were "intrigued by that model."

@_date: 2002-02-14 22:05:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: nude burglars vs. capitalism 
Quoth PT: "In India, there are gangs of nudist burglers. They run into a
house, forcing
the inhabitants to retreat/leave out of embarassment, then carry items
a waiting car."
I suppose, not requiring *any* investment, these are among the most
uncapitalist folks around.
The pigs, at least, feel compelled to buy uniforms.
(Because the sheep feel compelled to follow things in unform.)
International Travellers Rule If you're going to pack fudge and smoke crack on a flight to the US,
don't admit to smoking crack.

@_date: 2002-02-15 00:01:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: domestic teddy bear surveillance 
Quoth Anon:
them engage in the shopping spree: One buys gas canisters, one buys
pellets and one buys teddy bears. Yes, there is a conspiracy but how
does the government protect us from it ?
Obviously, by matching the purchase records with personal
contact/communication records.<<
Ted Kacyzninski manufactured his own shrapnel from junk-yard metal.
Pellet purchasing bombers are lazy.
Has no one considered that all those Teddy Bears were for the
purchaser's wives?   It is Utah, after all.

@_date: 2002-02-16 19:24:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: On NOT publishing the public half of a key-pair 
Asked Georgemw:
Because you haven't a (secure, physical) channel to pass them the
symmetric key.
You are obsessing on the name "public" key.  With some "public" key
exchanges (DH), the "public" key pairs are ephemeral (but you must both
be online to perform them.)  With RSA "public" keys, if you make 'em and
burn 'em, you get the same effect, but you can be offline.
Sure.  Some people still list their True Name in the public phone books.
It is of course their choice: convenience vs. privacy.  But it is a
to think this is required, or even expected.
Well, if you *do* publish, you *are* revoking and publishing new PK keys
aren't you?  Using one-time RSA keys is the same thing with  minimal
revocation time.
Or think of it as offline-DH keys.
Again, published, fixed RSA keys are useful if you wish to develop a
(e.g., as businesses or authors ought).  They are not required for
confidential communication.

@_date: 2002-02-15 19:16:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: On NOT publishing the public half of a key-pair 
Quoth jamesd
I beg to differ.  You share the "public" half of your key(s) with
you choose; this does not *necessarily* include every slob or spook who
a key server.
Its much like a phone number, or email nym.  You give it out to those
with whom you wish to communicate, but you don't "publish" them
in an openly-accessable directory[1] unless you like spam.
Some folks have one RSA key pair per communication endpoint.  No need to
"publish" the "public" halves, or correlate them with each other, or
associate a
pronouncable handle with them.
[1] The only folks who should openly publish keys are those who want to
talk to randoms.  Probably restricted to businesses, the lonely, and
junk mail
"Everybody knows that there are vulnerable points in even the most
      protected system," [Res.] Brig. Gen. Hanan Bernstein, a former
      chief armored officer, said. "I am not surprised."
--on the palestinians finally figuring out how to toast a tank

@_date: 2002-02-17 19:01:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: authenticating (?) a computer diary to bust a judge 
Interesting comment: "We authenticated the diary before we acted on it,"
said Irvine police Sgt. Tom Little.
Police analyze diary from judge's computer
February 17, 2002
By BILL RAMS and
ALDRIN BROWN
The Orange County Register
Police investigators are analyzing a document written in diary form that
suggests a local judge accused of child molestation may have used his
position as a Little League umpire to ogle dozens of underage boys and
to get close to one boy to whom he was attracted.
The document, recovered by police from the computer of Orange County
Superior Court Judge Ronald C. Kline, contains no mention of sexual
contact with the underage boys.
But detectives are scouring the document's seemingly detailed accounts
of meetings and conversations with boys for evidence of potential
"We authenticated the diary before we acted on it," said Irvine police
Sgt. Tom Little. "We made sure it wasn't authored by somebody out to
discredit the judge."
Kline, 61, is under house arrest awaiting trial on federal charges of
possessing child pornography and on state charges of allegedly molesting
a boy nearly 25 years ago, before he was a judge.

@_date: 2002-02-19 22:49:30
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: PSYOPS/Foreign agent John W. Rendon Jr: Osama Comic? 
We look forward to Osama bin Laden comic books, more in Rendon's series
People We Hate comic propoganda (see
Foreign Agent listing:
Rendon Group, Inc.
Busch, Sarah
Feyerherm, Joel Mark
Gaev, Renee J.
Gasson, Ellen C.
Goldberg, Beth R.
Hinkel, Robert Scott
Libby, Sandra
McClin, Monica E.
Murray, John Thomas , III
Petree, Jennifer
Querzoli, Ellen
Reffelt, Rachel B.
Rendon, John , Jr.
Rueschemeyer, Simone
We note both JR and Ms. Libby are members of the Global Strategies Group
                                 The Rendon Group
                                 Global Strategic Communications
                                 1875 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
                                 Washington, D. C. 20009
                                 Telephone: 202 745-4900
                                 Fax: 202 745-0215
                                 World Wide Web:
                                                                  E-mail:
                                 jrendon
                                 slibby
Excerpt from
about the new Minitruth:
Little information is available about the Office of Strategic Influence,
               even many senior Pentagon officials and Congressional
military aides say
               they know almost nothing about its purpose and plans. Its
               dollar budget, drawn from a $10 billion emergency
supplement to the
               Pentagon budget authorized by Congress in October, has
not been
               disclosed.
               Headed by Brig. Gen. Simon P. Worden of the Air Force,
the new
               office has begun circulating classified proposals calling
for aggressive
               campaigns that use not only the foreign media and the
Internet, but also
               covert operations.
               The new office "rolls up all the instruments within
D.O.D. to influence
               foreign audiences," its assistant for operations, Thomas
A. Timmes, a
               former Army colonel and psychological operations officer,
said at a
               recent conference, referring to the Department of
Defense. "D.O.D. has
               not traditionally done these things."
               One of the office's proposals calls for planting news
items with foreign
               media organizations through outside concerns that might
not have
               obvious ties to the Pentagon, officials familiar with the
proposal said.
               General Worden envisions a broad mission ranging from
               campaigns that use disinformation and other covert
activities to "white"
               public affairs that rely on truthful news releases,
Pentagon officials said.
               "It goes from the blackest of black programs to the
whitest of white," a
               senior Pentagon official said.
               Another proposal involves sending journalists, civic
leaders and foreign
               leaders e-mail messages that promote American views or
               unfriendly governments, officials said.
               Asked if such e-mail would be identified as coming from
the American
               military, a senior Pentagon official said that "the
return address will
               probably be a dot-com, not a dot- mil," a reference to
the military's
               Internet designation.
               To help the new office, the Pentagon has hired the Rendon
Group, a
               Washington-based international consulting firm run by
John W. Rendon
               Jr., a former campaign aide to President Jimmy Carter.
The firm, which
               is being paid about $100,000 a month, has done extensive
work for the
               Central Intelligence Agency, the Kuwaiti royal family and
the Iraqi
               National Congress, the opposition group seeking to oust
               Saddam Hussein.
               Officials at the Rendon Group say terms of their contract
forbid them to
               talk about their Pentagon work. But the firm is well
known for running
               propaganda campaigns in Arab countries, including one
               atrocities by Iraq during its 1990 invasion of Kuwait.

@_date: 2002-02-21 15:23:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: gumbo hacking the high-strung 
Gumbo Forces N.O. Airport Evacuation
             Wed Feb 20,11:40 PM ET
             NEW ORLEANS - Two concourses at the New Orleans
international airport were evacuated
             Wednesday because of a suspicious package found in a men's
restroom. A bomb squad found
             containers of gumbo in the box.
              About 1,000 travelers flying Continental and Southwest
airlines were moved to other concourses and
             went through security checks a second time, airport
spokeswoman Michelle Duffourc said.
             The package was found about 4:30 p.m. and the concourses
were reopened about five hours later.
             Officials said the box was suspicious because it was
wrapped with newspaper clippings showing long
             lines of passengers at the airport.
             Also, bomb-sniffing dogs "smelled something they were
trained to smell," said Jefferson Parish Sheriff
             Harry Lee. He did not elaborate.
             The package's owner had not been determined.
Anyone remember the King of the Hill episode wherein Hank's turkey is
detonated on the tarmac?

@_date: 2002-02-22 18:31:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Freedom of speech: Justices Gut State's 'Son of Sam' Law 
Justices Gut State's 'Son of Sam' Law
By MAURA DOLAN, Times Staff Writer
SAN FRANCISCO -- The California Supreme Court on Thursday
struck down a state law that prohibits felons from cashing in on their
crime stories in a case that pitted freedom of speech against victims'
The unanimous decision, a victory for book publishers and the movie
industry, found that the state's 16-year-old ban on profiteering from
crime was overly broad and violated free-speech rights guaranteed by
the U.S. and state constitutions.

@_date: 2002-03-30 00:03:25
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Ex-employee charged in Web assault [sic] 
Ex-employee charged in Web assault
                 From the National Desk
                 Published 3/28/2002 8:25 PM
                 LOS ANGELES, March 28 (UPI) -- An ex-employee of Global
Crossing has been arrested for allegedly
                 posting Internet threats against his former colleagues
and Los Angeles police officers, as well as posting
                 personal information that made hundreds of individuals
vulnerable to identity theft.
                 Steven William Sutcliffe, 41, was arrested in
Manchester, N.H., on charges of posting threats on the
                 Internet and transferring the identification another
person with the intent of committing identity theft.
                 Sutcliffe was ordered held without bail in Manchester
pending a detention hearing later Thursday.
                 The FBI said that in late 2001, Sutcliffe, a former
employee of Global Crossing Development Corp.'s Beverly
                 Hills office, allegedly posted Social Security numbers,
dates of birth and home addresses on a Web site
                 along with the names of spouses and even photographs of
children and copies of signatures.
                 "At least one Global Crossing employee was the victim
of identity theft after this information was made
                 public," the FBI said in a release.
                 Sutcliffe allegedly posted threats against individual
employees on his Web site. He also allegedly
                 maintained a separate site in which he posted threats
against LAPD officers and "offered general monetary
                 rewards for the killing of law enforcement officers,
including bonuses based upon the manner in which the
                 officer was killed."
                 An FBI agent said in an affidavit attached to the
complaint that Global Crossing hired Sutcliffe in November
                 2000 as a contract employee and later as a full-time
network technician, and he worked on computers that
                 contained personnel information. He was fired in
September 2001 after Global Crossing discovered that he
                 had not revealed a prior criminal conviction on his job
                 Global Crossing, a multi-national company involved in
fiber-optic communications networks, attempted to
                 serve Sutcliffe with a temporary restraining order and
preliminary injunction to force him to remove the
                 personal information from the evilgx.com Web site. The
FBI said Sutcliffe allegedly responded by posting
                 the process server's picture on the site along with
threats to "personally send you back to the hell from
                 where you came."
                 Sutcliffe's beef with the LAPD apparently began in 1996
when two officers arrested him on an unspecified
                 warrant and again in 1997 when he allegedly interfered
with them as they contacted a suspect on the street
                 about an unrelated matter.
                 Sutcliffe allegedly vented his anger at the officers on
a Website called killercop.com and posted one of the
                 officers' badge number, work telephone number and the
area she patrolled.

@_date: 2002-03-28 16:46:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: manufacturers not responsible for use 
KaZaA won in Dutch court today:
KaZaA attorney Christiaan Alberdingk Thijm expected the Dutch ruling to
be closely watched in the
   U.S., as his defense was partly built on a 1984 U.S. Supreme Court
(news - web sites) ruling which
   said manufacturers of video recorders are not liable if consumers use
their products to abuse
   copyrights.
   "This is not just about KaZaA. It also affects producers of digital
recording devices," he said. These
   would include DVD recorders from Philips and Panasonic , and digital
TV recorders from TiVo
   (news - web sites) .
Also, a recent US court decision said that gunmakers are not responsible
for the actions of their users,
in the Burford case.
Occasionally jurists have a clue.
Being decentralized clearly helps --if you don't authorize a trigger
pull, or serve lists of files, you can't be touched (though you can be
harassed, but then, anyone can sue anyone for anything.)

@_date: 2002-03-28 16:25:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: FW: Homeland Deception (was RE: signal to noise proposal) 
And strings in exe's can't be edited?
I know of folks who've edited the PGP header line to flip off the

@_date: 2002-03-27 18:26:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: International Assasination Politics News 
It was announced to the Australian cabinet at one
stage that I had to be liquidated."
The remark was allegedly made in 1989 during a visit
to Australia by Mr Quayle, who was vice-president in
the administration of George Bush senior.
Also, suggestions for more international assasination by less
potatoe-headed folks:
 (thanks to cryptome)

@_date: 2002-03-27 18:06:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: power-cycling your way into the Darwin files 
Defense officials would later conclude that he relayed the wrong
numbers--giving his own position instead of the enemy's. The airman
failed to
reenter the target's coordinates after changing the batteries on his
positioning system unit. After a battery change, the unit automatically
its own location.
There can be similar problems with default settings for infosec

@_date: 2002-03-27 16:29:04
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: American Techniban: Sheikh Hollings, Mullah Valenti 
The full version with hyperlinked references is available at
 if you're interested.
Hollings, Valenti, and the American Techniban
Richard Forno
25 March 2002
(c) 2002 by Author. Permission is granted to quote, reprint or
provided the text is not altered, and appropriate credit is given.
Summary: Discussion of the latest (and controversial) piece of
entertainment-industry legislation designed to screw the law-abiding
citizens of the Net.
The United States is engaged in a war against oppressive regimes run by
ignorant fanatics barely able to comprehend the intricacies of modern
society. Through actions favoring the ruling class, secret midnight
and restricting public distribution of information, citizens in these
societies are unable to evolve and live as productive members of the
international community. In Afghanistan, this was evidenced by the
philosophy and practices of the now-defunct Taliban. Unfortunately, this
fanaticism has spread to the United States and evidenced by the rise of
American Techniban.
The American Techniban are led by Senator Ernest "Fritz" Hollings (D-SC)
serves as the duly-appointed Congressional mouthpiece and elected puppet
the entertainment industry cartels, having received nearly $300,000 in
campaign funding from Hollywood since 1997. Known in some circles as the
'Senator From Disney,' Hollings also bears a striking resemblance to a
younger Jack  Valenti. (Valenti, for those unaware, is CEO of the movie
industry's lobby group and the founder of America's Techniban movement.)
Brainwashed by the Gospel of Valenti, the American Techniban's goal is
simple. Under the guise of 'preserving America's intellectual capital'
supported by the funding of the entertainment industry cartels, they
seek to
sustain the entertainment industry's Industrial Age business model (and
monopolies) in the modern Information Age - where such models are
obsolete by emerging technology.
According to Techniban Leader Senator Hollings, the lack of 'ubiquitous
protections' has led to a 'lack of [high-quality] digital content on the
Internet - apparently he doesn't believe that consumers are interested
any 'high-quality digital content' outside of what is produced by the
entertainment industries. Forget the garage band in Miami or the two
teenagers producing an hour-long movie describing adolescent depression
with Dad's camcorder during Spring Break, or WashingtonPost.Com.
interpretation of the Gospel of Valenti is that if a digital content
come from an entity supporting the entertainment industry cartels it
not be a worthwhile product.  Unfortunately, many folks are of the
that since we don't require such 'security' measures for handguns
that can kill people) so why have such measures on electronic media
educates and entertains them?
via Politech

@_date: 2002-03-26 17:14:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Lie multicasting, politics 
What do you think the politics game is about?
Lie multicasting.

@_date: 2002-03-24 06:06:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: International AP 
"American and Israeli officials said that since the beginning of the
   Palestinian uprising 18 months ago, Tehran had paid millions of
dollars in cash bonuses to the group for each attack against  Israel."

@_date: 2002-03-23 06:15:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Google re-links anti Scientologist info 
Google Restores Web Page Critical of    Scientology
   Fri Mar 22, 3:10 PM ET
   By Elinor Mills Abreu
   SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google (news - external web site)
   Inc. restored a Web site critical of the Church of Scientology on its
   Internet search engine on Thursday while free speech advocates
   slammed the company for removing the site in the first place.
    Google said the company had only removed certain pages from the
   site because of a copyright dispute.
   "Certain pages of the Xenu.net Web site were removed from our
   search engine earlier this week in response to a copyright
   notification under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (news - web
   sites) (DMCA)," Google spokesman David Krane said in an e-mail.
   The home page for Xenu.net was "inadvertently removed" along with a
   long, two-page list of associated Web pages on Wednesday but was
   put back on Thursday, said Google spokeswoman Cindy McCaffrey.
   Neither she nor Krane were available for further comment.
   On Thursday evening, the Web site was listed fourth under Google
   search results for "Scientology" and 8th under "Church of
   A lawyer representing the Church of Scientology accused Xenu.net of
   "wholesale, verbatim copyright infringement" by allegedly reprinting
   large amounts of material on the site.
   "We don't abuse this act," the lawyer, Helena Kobrin of the Los
   Angeles firm of Moxin & Kobrin said of the DMCA. "We go very
   strictly by what the copyright laws are."
   Copyright law allows people to use pieces of copyrighted material for
   personal, education and other purposes under a so-called "fair use"
   provision. However, Kobrin said the Web site used more than was
   allowed under fair use.
   "We will do whatever we can to protect these copyrights," she said.
   "The real story here is my clients are constantly the targets of some
   really horrendous stuff on the Internet."
   The Church of Scientology, whose members include actors Tom
   Cruise and John Travolta, has mounted challenges to Web sites and
   organizations that are critical of it in the past.
   STIFLING CRITICISM
   Robin Gross, staff attorney for the San Francisco-based Electronic
   Frontier Foundation, said the Church of Scientology was trying to use
   copyright law to stifle criticism.
   "A lot of the cases using copyright to quell critics are Church of
   Scientology cases," she said.
   The DMCA protects companies that host or link to Web sites from
   being held liable if they notify allegedly offending Web sites that
there is
   a complaint about them and give them a chance to respond, Gross
   said.
   Google had to remove Xenu.net immediately, as the company claimed
   in a letter to Andreas Heldal-Lund, the Norwegian Web master of the
   site, but could have replaced it after getting a counter-notice from
   Heldal-Lund, attorney Gross said.
   "Had we not removed these URLs (uniform resource locators, or
   network address of Web pages), we would be subject to a claim for
   copyright infringement, regardless of its merit," Google said in its
   Don Marti, an activist who protested the arrest of a Russian
   programmer under the DMCA last year, said he and other activists met
   with Google on Thursday to discuss the situation.
   "Google invited us right in," said Marti, whose ad hoc group is
   "Mountain View, California, Xenu Independent Study Group."
   Google had the Web site back up before the group arrived at its
   Mountain View offices on Thursday afternoon, he said.
   "We're discussing Google's DMCA policy and trying to keep this from
   happening again," Marti said. "Google should be a fair and accurate
   representation of what's on the Internet."

@_date: 2002-03-23 06:10:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Who is that cryptocode for, anyway? 
Sarah Brady conducts an illegal straw-man firearm purchase for her son:

@_date: 2002-03-23 06:01:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Global Crossing = Western Union = Collaborators 
Ex-SecDef Cohen is a member of the board of Global Crossing.
A Global Crossing exec is a member of Bush's National Security
Telecom thang.
This was reported on a State-Licensed "news" channel.
But the implications weren't: you don't need Echelon if you have
tentacles into the fibernet... even if it pulls a chapter 11..
Collaborators need collaborator treatment...
(Bamford fans will get the Western Union ref...)

@_date: 2002-03-23 05:11:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: I'm no "agent." Sez the cretin agent. 
"Read the source, Luke"
Jah gets *really* pissed.
Been fellating a lot of legislative numerical illiterates recently, have
we Aimee?
No, it means you're observant and have discounted the lawhores.
What if you do no wrong, but the RIAA/MPAA brings heavy artillery
upon you?
Naah, can't happen here, Suzy Creamcheese.
Dream on
We have some questions about the optimal voltage/flow rate used when
CO2 & nutrient deprived anthrax cultures...

@_date: 2002-03-17 17:17:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: CA Drivers License to Register Males for Draft 
Listrelev: IDs, tentacles, databases
THE STATE
Bill Designed to Force Draft Registration
[*]  Senate: The proposal would deny driver's licenses to California's
18-year-old men who do not consent to Selective Service sign-up.
By CARL INGRAM, TIMES STAFF WRITER
SACRAMENTO -- California's draft-age men, among the nation's worst at
registering with the Selective Service, could be denied driver's
licenses for failing to sign up under a bill moving through the Senate.
Despite objections that it would quash dissent to the draft and might be
used to "flush out" illegal immigrants, the bill passed the Senate
Governmental Organization Committee on Tuesday.
The little-noticed bill would have the effect of automatically
registering California men ages 18 to 26 with the Selective Service
System when they are issued their first driver's license or state
identification card. Their names, addresses and Social Security numbers
would be forwarded electronically to a federal databank, where they
would be presumed to have registered. Those who fail to give their
consent would be denied driver's licenses. Driver's license applicants
ages 15 to 17, too young to register, would be presumed to have given
their consent when they turn 18.
At Tuesday's sometimes emotional hearing, Sen. Mike Machado (D-Linden),
who served in the Vietnam War, denounced the bill as an assault on the
constitutional right of young men to dissent.
Another lawmaker, Sen. Nell Soto (D-Pomona), suggested that the bill
actually was intended to "flush out" illegal immigrants.
But a third member, Sen. Joe Dunn (D-Santa Ana), endorsed the plan as a
sensible and cost-efficient way to induce young men to register for the
Selective Service. The draft was abolished in 1973, but since 1980,
federal law has required men ages 18 to 26 to register in case the draft
is reinstated.
If they do not sign up, they can be prosecuted as felons, an unlikely
possibility these days. More likely sanctions include loss of federal
student loans, denial of federal job-training benefits and loss of
ability to work for the federal government or in some state government
At No. 46 nationally, California is among the worst states for
compliance, proponents of the bill said. Selective Service records
showed that at least 16,000 California men who had turned 27 had failed
to register with the draft during the last three years.
The bill (SB1276) by Sen. Jackie Speier (D-Hillsborough), a sleeper that
has stirred virtually no attention from defenders of civil liberties,
was narrowly approved by the 13-member committee on a bipartisan 7-2
It was sent to the Transportation Committee for another hearing. If
successful, it would be heard by the Appropriations Committee and the
full Senate. Its fate in the Senate is uncertain, but similar
legislation has perished in the Assembly.
"Registration is the law. I think it should be made simple and seamless
for our young men and not be punitive," Speier told the committee.
Sponsored by the Selective Service System and supported by veterans
organizations, the bill was based on laws already in effect in 15 other
states with poor Selective Service compliance records.
Virtually all have improved significantly by linking registration to
approval of a driver's license, testified Justo Gonzalez Jr. of Denver,
western regional director of Selective Service.
Speier and Selective Service officials testified that many draft-age men
fail to register because they are unaware of the requirement and may,
unknowingly, be subjecting themselves to severe consequences, such as
being rejected for a U.S. government job or loss of student aid.
They said the message isn't getting through to young men in California
through high school counseling and "reminders" that are mailed to
nonregistrants, whose names and addresses currently are provided to the
Selective Service System twice a year by the state Department of Motor
Ronald Markarian, California director of the Selective Service System,
said he believes many young men ignore such warnings because they are of
a generation that does not want to accept "personal responsibility."
At the end of 2000, he said, only 83% of eligible registrants born in
1981 had signed up.
But Machado, a Navy veteran of the Vietnam War, charged that linking
issuance of a driver's license to registration poured ice water on a
young man's right to choose to refuse to sign and face the consequences.
"Young people have the right to make a choice," Machado said. He
asserted that "our Constitution allows for dissent and protest.... This
bill fundamentally attacks the premise upon which this nation was
Further, said Machado, who voted against it, the bill sought to make the
state instead of the U.S. government the enforcer of the Selective
Service law. "You are coming to the state when the federal government
doesn't enforce its own law," Machado told Markarian and Gonzalez.
Speier rejected the notion that the bill was anti-immigrant. She said it
would apply to draft-age legal immigrants who had been in this country
for more than a year.
The bill also was opposed by the Friends Committee on Legislation, which
represents conscientious objectors and various faiths, including
Quakers, Mennonites and Jehovah's Witnesses.
But Dunn defended the bill as a "simple, pragmatic way at the least cost
to the taxpayer to get young men registered for the draft." Two other
Democrats and four Republicans agreed and voted for the bill.

@_date: 2002-03-16 14:39:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: GATTACA -dog dna convicts attacker 
VENTURA COUNTY
Canine DNA Helps Land a Conviction
Simi Valley: Hair from victim's dog was genetically matched to fibers on
the pants of the defendant in burglary and assault case.
After a hard-fought trial in Ventura County
Superior Court, a Simi Valley burglar and
would-be rapist was proved guilty by a hair.
A dog hair.
It belonged to a black-and-white Shih Tzu named
Casper, whose furious barking the night of Sept.
22, 2000, alerted his owner to an intruder in her
bedroom. When the man fled after a brutal rape
attempt, he left with the dog's hair on his pants.
Those fibers were later matched to Casper by
scientists and introduced as evidence. Last
month, they helped convict 24-year-old Soum
Laykham of residential burglary and assault with
intent to commit rape in one of the state's first
criminal cases involving the use of canine DNA.
listrelev: tech surveillance, tracking

@_date: 2002-03-15 18:48:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Meatspamming: door to door solicitation, anonymity (article) 
from the February 26, 2002 edition
                         In a small Ohio town, a fight over the right to
knock on doors
                         By Warren Richey | Staff writer of The
Christian Science Monitor
                         WASHINGTON - If you want to solicit door to
door in Stratton,
                         Ohio, you have to get a permit. The rule is as
simple as that, say
                         village officials.
                         Permits are easily obtained from the mayor's
office. They cost
                         nothing. No one has ever been turned down.
                         But that's not the problem, according to
                         lawyers for a group of Jehovah's
                         Witnesses seeking to spread the gospel in
                         Stratton. They insist that Americans have a
                         constitutional right to walk door to door
                         and talk with residents without having to
                         first apply for permission. They also say
                         people have a right to do it anonymously -
                         without being forced to disclose
                         information to local authorities.
                         Today, the Jehovah's Witnesses' battle
                         against Stratton's solicitation ordinance
                         arrives at the US Supreme Court in a case
                         that will determine whether the permit
                         requirement is a permissible regulation of
                         door-to-door activity or an unconstitutional
prior restraint on free
                         speech.
                         It is a subject of great interest to cities and
towns across the nation
                         who are looking for ways to protect residents
from possible fraud
                         by con artists and the nuisance of uninvited
doorstep solicitors -
                         including those on a mission from God.
                         Free-speech advocates view with alarm the
growing number of
                         local ordinances restricting such door-to-door
activity, noting that
                         the quality of free expression in America is
under siege by
                         municipalities seeking convenience, safety, and
privacy at the
                         expense of First Amendment liberty.
                         "The last decade has witnessed a dramatic surge
in the number
                         and severity of antisolicitation laws," says
Von Keetch, a Salt
                         Lake City lawyer, in a friend-of-the-court
brief filed by the Church
                         of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in support
of the Jehovah's
                         Witnesses. "Municipal officials increasingly
believe there are few, if
                         any, constraints on their ability to severely
limit door-to-door
                         evangelism in their jurisdictions," Mr. Keetch
                         The issue is not new. The US Supreme Court in
the 1930s and
                         1940s struck down a series of municipal
ordinances aimed at
                         preventing religious groups from spreading
their messages door to
                         door. The Jehovah's Witnesses fought the bulk
of those battles
                         and is again in the spotlight.
                         At the center of the Stratton case is the
village's requirement that
                         prior to receiving a permit all would-be
door-to-door solicitors
                         must first disclose their name, home address,
their employer's
                         name and address, and a description of their
planned activities.
                         Once this information is collected, a permit is
issued. Solicitors are
                         instructed that they must produce the permit
and identify
                         themselves if so requested by any resident or
police officer.
                         To officials in Stratton and their supporters,
the permit is
                         well-balanced tool that allows solicitation but
discourages criminals
                         from circulating in the village and protects
residents' privacy.
                         To the Jehovah's Witnesses and their
supporters, the permit
                         amounts to an outright ban of anonymous
door-to-door solicitation
                         and pamphleteering - including political
                         "The free one-on-one exchange of ideas is a
pillar of our
                         democracy," says Paul Polidoro, a lawyer for
the Jehovah's
                         Witnesses, in his brief to the court. "Stratton
has devalued both the
                         constitutional right of speakers to express
information and the
                         constitutional right of residents to receive it
if they so choose."
                         Abraham Cantor, a Concord, Ohio, lawyer
representing Stratton,
                         says the solicitation ordinance is different
from others that have
                         been struck down on free-speech grounds by the
Supreme Court.
                         "The Stratton ordinance does not require a
disseminator of ideas,
                         whether religious or political, to place his
name on the literature,
                         wear a badge, or outwardly proclaim his
identity in any manner,"
                         Cantor says.
                         The ordinance was upheld by the Sixth US
Circuit Court of
                         Appeals in Cincinnati.
                         The appeals court brushed aside concerns about
                         anonymous speech, despite a 1995 US Supreme
Court decision
                         that established by a 7-2 vote a constitutional
right to distribute
                         political fliers anonymously.
                         Justice John Paul Stevens wrote the majority
opinion in the 1995
                         anonymous pamphlet case. It says in part:
"Under our
                         Constitution, anonymous pamphleteering is not a
                         fraudulent practice, but an honorable tradition
of advocacy and
                         dissent. Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny
of the majority."
                         It remains unclear how the seven justices who
                         anonymous pamphleteering will view a case
involving anonymous
                         soliciting.
                         Cantor, Stratton's lawyer, says door-to-door
solicitors do not
                         enjoy a constitutional right to remain
anonymous when they are on
                         private property.
                         "The Supreme Court has historically indicated
that the home is a
                         sanctuary," he says. "It is the right of the
homeowner to maintain
                         and retain his privacy."
                         Polidoro counters that there are easier and
more effective ways to
                         protect privacy. Residents could post "No
Trespassing," and "No
                         Soliciting," signs outside their homes and then
prosecute anyone
                         who ignores them, he says.

@_date: 2002-03-15 13:01:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Brinworld, privacy: CA court says taping anything illegal w/out 
Privacy of Calls Affirmed
Ruling: Court defines confidential phone conversations broadly, making
lawsuits easier.
                     By MAURA DOLAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER
                     SAN FRANCISCO -- The California Supreme Court
                     privacy protections Thursday by making it easier to
successfully sue
                     people who secretly tape others' phone
                     The court decided unanimously that a conversation
is confidential
                     under state law if a party expects he or she is not
being overheard or
                     recorded. Those who secretly tape others can be
liable for at least
                     $5,000 in damages for each recording.
                     Thursday's decision, which broadly defines what is
confidential, was a
                     defeat for the media, in particular broadcasters
who have been sued
                     for airing interviews with people who did not know
they were being
                     recorded. Media lawyers had filed a brief in the
case urging the court
                     to adopt a more narrow definition that would make
it harder for
                     plaintiffs to argue that remarks had been
confidential. The ruling
                     stemmed from a Los Angeles case involving
recordings a woman
                     made of telephone calls between her now deceased
husband and his
                     son. The son, who charged his stepmother had tried
to hasten his
                     father's death, now stands to collect as much as
$120,000 for 24
                     phone conversations recorded by his stepmother.
                     California has prohibited private parties from
recording telephone calls
                     without consent from all participants--only if the
calls included a
                     "confidential communication." Courts of appeal have
disagreed over
                     what constituted a confidential conversation.
                     In their brief to the court, lawyers for media
outlets including the three major television networks
                     argued that a broad definition of confidential
communication would end the use of hidden
                     microphone and camera reporting in California. The
ruling also could make it more difficult for the
                     print media to use material from recordings
provided by third parties.
                     Jerry K. Staub, a lawyer who represented the son in
Thursday's case, said disputes over secret
                     taping also arise frequently in the course of
litigation, when one side tapes another's damaging
                     admissions without the party's knowledge and
                     "I think that is going to stop now, and that is a
good thing," Staub said.
                     If the court had ruled more narrowly, no
conversation would be considered confidential unless
                     one of the parties at the time had declared it to
be so, Staub said.
                     The state high court ruled in a dispute between J.
Michael Flanagan and his stepmother, Honorine
                     T. Flanagan in Flanagan v. Flanagan, S085594.

@_date: 2002-03-15 12:34:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Would you like your arabian girls medium or well done? 
America's "friends"
In a rare criticism of the kingdom's powerful
              "mutaween" police, the Saudi media has accused
              them of hindering attempts to save 15 girls who died in
              the fire on Monday.
              About 800 pupils were inside the school in the holy
              city of Mecca when the tragedy occurred.
              According to the
              al-Eqtisadiah daily,
              firemen confronted police
              after they tried to keep the
              girls inside because they
              were not wearing the
              headscarves and abayas
              (black robes) required by
              the kingdom's strict
              interpretation of Islam.
              One witness said he saw
              three policemen "beating
              young girls to prevent
              them from leaving the
              school because they were
              not wearing the abaya".
              The Saudi Gazette quoted witnesses as saying that
              the police - known as the Commission for the
              Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice - had
              stopped men who tried to help the girls and warned "it
              is a sinful to approach them".
              The father of one of the dead girls said that the school
              watchman even refused to open the gates to let the
              girls out.
              "Lives could have been saved had they not been
              stopped by members of the Commission for Promotion
              of Virtue and Prevention of Vice," the newspaper
              concluded.

@_date: 2002-03-14 16:45:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | Document Retention And E-mail 
Indeed.  Remember folks --everyone will have a cell phone with a camera
built in.
Employees won't even have to remember to take a digicam to work, they'll
need the motivation to grab interesting memos.
Brinworld is an interesting place.

@_date: 2002-03-13 23:29:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: bioterror theatre: Got Beef? 
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Symptoms similar to the potentially
devastating foot-and-mouth disease, not seen in the United States
since 1929, have shown up in five cattle in Kansas, rattling
commodity markets and food company shares on Wednesday.
Mouth blisters were discovered on the cattle at a livestock market in
Holton, Kansas, on Tuesday, U.S. Agriculture Department
spokesman Jerry Redding said. Test results would be ready late on
Wednesday, the department said.
Osama has left the building

@_date: 2002-03-13 21:48:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Dear Abby narcs on thoughtcrime author 
..or, why some folks' snailmail anonymity needs work..
'Dear Abby' Letter Writer Charged With Child Pornography After Columnist
                              Turns Him In
                          The Associated Press
                         Published: Mar 13, 2002
  MILWAUKEE (AP) - A man who wrote to "Dear Abby" about his fantasies of
having sex with children was charged
with three counts of possessing child pornography Wednesday after the
advice columnist went to the police.
Paul Weiser, 28, admitted writing the letter but denied acting on his
fantasies, police said. They said 40 pornographic photographs of
children were found in his computer after he was arrested Monday.

@_date: 2002-03-12 19:47:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Brinworld: Steve Mann site, panopticon chat w/ W. Gibson 
The ethics debate video is particularly amusing
" Steve and the acclaimed science-fiction
writer discuss the concepts of surveillance and "panopticons.""
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-12 17:55:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Denver pigs keeping secret files on peaceful groups 
Denver Police Keeping Illegal Files
                Tue Mar 12,11:09 AM ET
                By ROBERT WELLER, Associated Press Writer
                DENVER (AP) - The American Civil Liberties Union (news -
web sites) has accused the Denver Police Department of
                keeping illegal files on peaceful protest groups
including Amnesty International and the Nobel Peace Prize-winning
                Friends Service Committee.
                 The ACLU's Colorado legal director, Mark Silverstein,
showed reporters files he said came from the police department.
                Silverstein wouldn't say how he obtained the files. He
said they were marked as permanent, not simply reports that would
                be discarded at the end of the day.
                "These are a small sampling of documents we have that
show Denver police are monitoring peaceful protest activities of
                individuals and law-abiding groups," he said at a news
conference Monday.
                The ACLU has asked the mayor to stop all monitoring,
make all files available to their subjects and have police disclose
                who has been given the information, Silverstein said. He
threatened to sue if the practice (news - Y! TV) isn't stopped.
                Andrew Hudson, spokesman for Mayor Wellington Webb, said
Webb had asked police for a full report to answer the
                group's concerns.
                "The mayor thinks their concerns are legitimate," Hudson
                Denver Public Safety Department spokeswoman C.L. Harmer
said police would comply with the mayor's request.
                Stephen B. Nash, who was identified in one of the files
as an event organizer for Amnesty International, said police could
                not say the files were needed for security because of
the Sept. 11 attacks.
                "My file goes back to 2000, well before Sept. 11," Nash
                The American Friends Service Committee, a Quaker group,
"acts in the best tradition of nonviolence," said Barry
                Leaman-Miller, who was identified in one file as a
member of the "American Friends Service Committee (criminal extremist
                G)."
                There was no immediate explanation for the "criminal
extremist" note.
                Harmer said people named in the files were not
considered criminals and the files were collected because legal
                are sometimes the scene of illegal actions.
                "Law-abiding groups sponsoring lawful assemblies can be
unwitting magnets for unlawful activity," she said.
                "If you go to a peaceful demonstration, is your name
going to come up when you get a traffic ticket? The answer is no,
                because the data isn't shared," she said. "I don't think
this is a retreat to the era of J. Edgar Hoover."
                Harmer said that although the intelligence-gathering
started before the terrorist attacks, the attacks illustrated the need
                such files.
                Among the events mentioned in the files were a protest
of an Italian-led parade honoring Columbus, protests of a killing by a
                police SWAT team that went to the wrong house, protests
against the International Monetary Fund (news - web sites) and
                World Bank (news - web sites), and demonstrations by the
Chiapas Coalition against alleged civil rights violations in
                Mexico's poorest state.
                "This is really outrageous to me ... since Sept. 11
immigration equals terrorism," said Luis Espinosa, a member of the
                Chiapas group.
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-12 16:00:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Fatherland Insecurity Antics 
Ridge Unveils New Alert System
Tue Mar 12, 9:43 AM ET
By SCOTT LINDLAW, Associated Press Writer
Unveiling a color-coded terrorism warning system, domestic security
chief Tom Ridge said Tuesday the nation is on yellow alert  facing a
"significant" level of danger but not the highest stage.
To illustrate the color, Fatherland Insecurity chief Ridge removed his
shirt to show his yellow belly and the matching yellow streak running
along his back...
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-12 15:56:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Brinworld: tapes make pigs liars in Ryder case 
Winona Ryder Videotape Seems to  Contradict Police
                Tue Mar 12, 9:35 AM ET
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Surveillance videos of Winona Ryder's ill-fated
shopping spree last
December appear to contradict police allegations that the actress was
caught on camera removing
security tags from merchandise, the television show "Extra" reported on
"Extra" said it had obtained more than an hour of video footage shot by
store surveillance camera showing Ryder trying on hats, putting on
and being helped by several store clerks, then walking out of the store
being stopped by security personnel.
But a frame-by-frame examination of the video did not appear to show
trying to remove sensor tags, as police alleged she was caught doing on
cameras, the syndicated TV show said in a story prepared for broadcast
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-12 02:38:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Got Speicher? Or flipping off the NRO.. 
The Washington Times newspaper on Monday said U.S. intelligence
 agencies had obtained new information indicating that Speicher was
and in captivity in Iraq.
Speicher became the first American lost on the first day of the air war
when his Navy F-18 attack jet was apparently hit and crashed in a
over Iraq on Jan. 17, 1991.
Although no wreckage was initially found, defense officials said
documents showed U.S. spy satellites more than three years later
detected what was described as a man-made symbol at the crash scene.
They declined to give details.
[A several meter middle finger flipping off the satellites, perhaps?]
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-11 19:30:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: UK pigs to stop & search more proles 
If folks were wondering why the US BoR matters:
By Kate Kelland
                   LONDON (Reuters) - The British government told police
                   to "stop and search" more suspects on the streets in
a crime-busting
                   move that critics say is racist.
                   The government hopes an increase in random searches
will cut street
                   crime and restore public confidence, even if critics
say the powers
                   could be used to intimidate ethnic minorities.
                   Home Secretary (interior minister) David Blunkett
said he wanted a
                   "stop and search program that has the confidence of
the police and
                   the confidence in the police by the community."
                   Worried by a surge in violent street crime and stung
by police
                   complaints that the legal system makes it hard to
convict criminals,
                   Blunkett is trying to change the perception that the
ruling Labor party
                   is soft on crime.
                   Opponents of his order fear that the police,
particularly in London,
                   may abuse their power by singling out young blacks.
                   Home Office data show black people are five times
more likely to be
                   stopped and searched than white people.
                   London's Metropolitan Police force has come under
close scrutiny
                   since being branded "institutionally racist" in a
1999 inquiry into its
                   handling of the murder of black London teen-ager
                   Lawrence, stabbed to death by a gang six years
                   It has since worked hard to clean up its image,
reducing the number
                   of "stop and search" actions and insisting that a
culture change had
                   swept through its ranks.
                   Last year, police in England and Wales stopped and
searched some
                   853,000 people, down 17 percent on 2000.
                   Blunkett said Monday he wanted to reverse that trend.
"Used in a
                   targeted, intelligence-led way, stop and search can
be particularly
                   effective against street robbery, gun crime and drug
dealing," he said
                   in a statement.
                   Michael Eboda, editor of the black newspaper New
                   disagreed, saying he considered stop and search to be
a "an
                   incredibly inefficient way of cracking down on
                   "The problem is that when you harass innocent
individuals -- and we
                   have to remember that 82 percent of those who are
stopped and
                   searched have actually done nothing wrong -- then all
you do is
                   alienate those people," Eboda told BBC radio.
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-09 15:18:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: do you have a license for that soldering iron? 
The content protection requirements set forth in the Compliance
Requirements and the requirements set forth in Sections X.6(c) and
                     X.7 shall be implemented in a reasonable method so
that they:
                     (a) Cannot be defeated or circumvented merely by
using general-purpose tools or equipment that are widely available at a
                     price, such as screwdrivers, jumpers, clips and
soldering irons ("Widely Available Tools"), or using specialized
electronic tools or
                     specialized software tools that are widely
available at a reasonable price, such as EEPROM readers and writers,
debuggers or
                     decompilers ("Specialized Tools"), other than
devices or technologies whether Hardware or Software that are designed
and made
                     available for the specific purpose of bypassing or
circumventing the protection technologies used to meet the requirements
set forth in
                     this Section X ("Circumvention Devices"); and
                     (b) Can only with difficulty be defeated or
circumvented using professional tools or equipment, such as logic
analyzers, chip
                     disassembly systems, or in-circuit emulators or any
other tools, equipment, methods, or techniques not described in Section
                     such as would be used primarily by persons of
professional skill and training, but not including professional tools or
equipment that are
                     made available only on the basis of a
non-disclosure agreement or Circumvention Devices.
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-08 22:13:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: SEAL Killed in Action Wrote Wife, Endorsing Martyrdom 
SEAL Killed in Action Wrote Wife That He Was Prepared to Die for His
                                Country
                            By Sonja Braisic
                        Dissociated Press Writer
                         Published: Mar 8, 2002
  NORFOLK, Va. (AP) - The Navy SEAL who was slain after falling out of
his stricken helicopter in Afghanistan
wrote his wife an open-in-the-event-of-my-death letter in which he
assured her: "I died doing what made me happy."
"Although I sacrificed personal freedom and many other things, I got
just as much as I gave. My time in the Jihad was special," 32-year-old
Neil Roberts wrote. "For all the times I was cold, wet, tired, sore,
scared, hungry and angry, I had a blast."
Roberts, a Norfolk-based petty officer first class from Woodland,
Calif., was one of seven Americans who died Monday after U.S.
helicopters were hit by enemy gunfire in Afghanistan. He was the first
member of the Navy to be killed in the war.
Roberts fell to the ground as his helicopter, hit by a rocket-propelled
grenade, veered away toward safer ground. He apparently survived the
fall and was shot on the ground after messing
his pants.

@_date: 2002-03-08 01:39:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Well fed octopus flexes its tentacles 
Remember that the UK is a testbed for future Amerikan fascism
Club Owners Should Use Metal Detectors to Cut Gun Crime, Government Says
                          The Associated Press
                         Published: Mar 7, 2002
  LONDON (AP) - The government is advising nightclub owners to install
metal detectors and to screen customers
more closely for illegal drugs in order to curb growing violence at
Britain's night spots.
Government guidelines published Thursday said metal detectors, which
club owners and promoters argue are too expensive to install, are now
vital if gun and knife-related violence is to be curbed in clubs.
The Home Office booklet, entitled "Safer Clubbing," said there should
also be a national survey of drugs deposited in clubs' existing "amnesty
boxes," where customers can deposit illicit drugs before entering clubs,
rather than be found carrying them if searched.

@_date: 2002-03-08 01:36:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Jacking in to China's tube control 
But did they have a military-trained dolphin?
Locals: Falun Gong Hijacks China City's
                TV Airwaves
                Thu Mar 7, 6:42 AM ET
                By Jeremy Page
                BEIJING (Reuters) - Defiant members of the banned Falun
Gong (news
                - web sites) spiritual group hijacked state television
in a northeastern
                Chinese city to show a film protesting a government
crackdown on their
                faith, locals said on Thursday.
                                   Reports of the television protest,
one of Falun
                                   Gong's most audacious, emerged as
                                   detained seven foreign adherents on
                                   Tiananmen Square for protesting
                                   campaign against the group it calls
an evil cult.
                                   State television broadcasts in
Changchun were
                                   interrupted on Tuesday evening by
footage of
                                   Falun Gong's U.S.-based leader Li
                                   and a film accusing the government of
staging a
                self-immolation of alleged adherents in Tiananmen Square
last year,
                locals said.
                "There was a brief blackout and then there was Li
Hongzhi speaking,
                banners saying Falun Dafa is good,' and there was a news
                about the Tiananmen Square self-immolation incident
which indicated
                that it was planted by the government," a television
viewer in Changchun
                told Reuters.
                The footage lasted about 50 minutes before normal state
                programming resumed, he said.
                It was one of the most daring protests by Falun Gong,
whose once
                regular demonstrations in Tiananmen Square have petered
out in the last
                year since the government arrested group leaders and
sent thousands of
                followers to "re-education" camps.
Propoganda outlets are military targets --NATO

@_date: 2002-03-07 20:18:46
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Montana AP update 
Note how this group was turned by an insider who developed ill-will
towards the group.  Compare to the Al Qaeda dude who stole from the Base
              and was estranged (see trial transcripts..)
   Montana Back in Uncomfortable Spotlight After Assassination Plot Is
                                Alleged
                  By Tom LacekyAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Mar 7, 2002
  WHITEFISH, Mont. (AP) - Police say David Burgert is a trouble-making
blowhard and his alleged "Project 7"
assassination plot is probably fantasy.
But they are watching their backs. Very carefully.
"You never know. A lot of people thought something like the World Trade
Center would never happen," Police Chief Bill Dial said. "I take
extremist groups seriously. Would they have done it? I don't know. Your
guess is as good as mine."
Investigators believe Burgert's group was plotting to trigger an
anti-government revolution. Detectives say they discovered it last month
when a Project 7 member tipped them off after Burgert beat him up.
According to Flathead County Sheriff Jim Dupont, the conspirators
planned to kill judges, prosecutors and police officers in such numbers
that the National Guard would be sent in. Then the troops would be
killed, forcing the federal government into the fray and sparking a
national uprising.
How serious was the plot?
Project 7 amassed a huge arsenal - machine guns, 30,000 rounds of
ammunition, explosives, night-vision equipment, body armor and booby
traps - that Dupont estimates may have cost hundreds of thousands of
dollars. The police chief will not say how Burgert or Project 7 paid for
the arsenal.
Authorities say Burgert's girlfriend, Tracy Brockway, 32, penetrated the
Whitefish police department by getting a job as a cleaning woman, and
compiled "intelligence files" with extensive personal information on
county law enforcement officers and their families.
"When my guys were reading the 'intelligence bulletins,' some were kind
of taken aback, but at the same time they laughed," Dial said. One
officer's intelligence file "said he ate junk food and had bratty kids."
The Project 7 name refers to Flathead County license plates, which all
begin with the number seven.
Montana has gotten an image as a haven for anti-government radicals like
Unabomber Ted Kaczynski and the Freemen. Flathead County, which borders
Glacier National Park in northwestern Montana, is staunchly
conservative. Many here work as loggers or miners and are quick to
vilify environmentalists and the federal government.
But Dial dismissed any notion that Project 7 is a symptom of right-wing
radicalism directed at law enforcement. "We just view them as criminals,
as thugs," he said.
Burgert lawyer Mark Sullivan did not immediately return a call for
comment Thursday. But Brockway's lawyer, Gary Doran, said police seem to
be engaging in the sort of conspiracy theories they usually ridicule.
The charges originated with "a 17-year-old kid who got in a fight with
Mr. Burgert and went away very angry and immediately gave statements to
police officers," Doran said.
Until now, the 38-year-old Burgert has been a petty, though frequent,
problem for local officers. Because he had a criminal record in Alabama
and Colorado, Dupont barred him several years ago from joining the
county search-and-rescue team.
"He has hated me ever since - absolutely hated me," the sheriff said.
"The best description of him is, he's a 16-year-old bully with a big
The police chief in nearby Kalispell, Frank Garner, was supposedly one
of those targeted by the group. A 17-year veteran, he said he considered
it a credible threat since "not many go to these lengths."
Burgert was arrested Feb. 8 on charges unrelated to the alleged plot and
remains jailed in Kalispell, the county's largest community with a
population of 17,000. He is accused of assaulting an officer when police
came to arrest a friend who had fled to Burgert's home. Brockway is
charged with hiding Burgert while he was a fugitive on the assault
No one has been charged in the alleged assassination plot.
There are two more Project 7 members Garner especially wants to see
behind bars, and investigators are building cases against them. The
federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms and the FBI are also
Dupont and others think that Project 7 had only eight to 10 people, and
that only two or three close to Burgert may have been involved with the
assassination plot.

@_date: 2002-03-07 05:59:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: The Untouchable (Anthrax Theatre Commentary by FAS) 
I. Commentary: Is the FBI Dragging Its Feet?
    February 5, 2002
For more than three months now the FBI has known that the perpetrator of
the anthrax attacks is American. This conclusion must have been based on
perpetrators evident connection to the US biodefense program. In
addition to this signpost, the perpetrator has left multiple, blatant
clues, seemingly on purpose:
second letters, addressed similarly to the anthrax letters and
containing powder, sent to most (and possibly all) the anthrax
recipients; similar letters sent to several
other media organizations; even a letter, addressed to the Military
Police at the Quantico Marine Base, accusing a former USAMRIID scientist
(with whom the
anonymous writer says he once worked) of having bioterrorist intentions.
Almost all the letters were mailed before there were any reports of
anthrax letters or of
hoax letters sent to media (see "Analysis of the Anthrax Attacks" below
for a chronology and discussion of the available data). The postal
addresses and dates of
these letters map out an itinerary of the perpetrator(s) and indicate
certain connections, which taken together must single out the
perpetrator from the other likely
This evidence permits a more refined estimate of the perpetrators
motives. He must be angry at some biodefense agency or component, and he
is driven to
demonstrate, in a spectacular way, his capabilities and the governments
inability to respond. He is cocksure that he can get away with it. Does
he know something
that he believes to be sufficiently damaging to the United States to
make him untouchable by the FBI?
The perpetrator is surely too smart to believe that either the FBIs
ludicrous recent actions or the White House protestations of ignorance
mean that the authorities
are not on to him. Blanketing Central New Jersey with fliers showing
handwriting that was obviously disguised cant possibly evoke useful
information, nor can letters
to 32,000 American microbiologists, 31,800 of whom live in a different
world from the perpetrator. This is no way to instill public confidence
in the competence of
the FBI. The press is increasingly questioning the situation, and other
scientists have independently raised similar issues (see, for example,
"In Search of the Anthrax
Attacker"  Most
importantly, the apparent lack of action is sending a dangerous message
to potential

@_date: 2002-03-06 19:49:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: IRS Asked to Revoke PETA's Tax Status 
If they could, CDFE would label PETA as terrorists... but instead
they're stuck
with getting the gov to definance them.
IRS Asked to Revoke PETA's Tax Status
Story Filed: Tuesday, March 05, 2002 1:52 AM EST
NORFOLK, Va. (AP) -- A group that tracks criminal acts against
businesses wants the federal government to revoke the
tax-exempt status of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals.
The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise said in a complaint Monday
to Internal Revenue Service Commissioner
Charles Rossotti that ``publicly available information strongly suggests
that PETA induces or encourages the commission
of unlawful acts.''
``It's been linked to the breaking of the law. Its own people have
extensive arrest records,'' said Ron Arnold, executive
vice president of the Bellevue, Wash.-based center. ``Any kind of
law-breaking to us does not deserve tax-exempt
Norfolk-based PETA President Ingrid Newkirk said the center is preying
on people's fears of terrorism since the Sept.
11 attacks ``and trying to paint with a very broad brush all agitators
for social change, no matter how peaceful.''
An IRS spokesman in Washington said he could not confirm receipt of the
complaint and that any action, such as an audit,
that could occur as the result of a complaint is not public record.

@_date: 2002-03-06 16:40:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: FTC bozos don't understand Browsers, Javascript 
The FTC's Rill said an emerging problem is the use of URLs that
capitalize on mistyped names to catch  Internet users in "mousetraps" --
Web sites that do not allow users to leave or that barrage them with a
flood of automatically opening windows.
 "You are stuck in a marketing trap until you basically have to shut
down your computer and start  again," Rill said.
Yeah right.  Time to shut down the FTC and start again...
Riding the Disinformation Superhighway

@_date: 2002-03-06 04:01:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: cops can't ask to search in motor stops 
BoR 1: Pigs 0
New Jersey Supreme Court limits vehicle searches
                  TRENTON, New Jersey (AP) -- Police cannot ask to
search a vehicle
                  they have stopped unless there is reasonable suspicion
that criminal
                  activity has occurred, the state Supreme Court ruled.
                  In a 5-0 decision issued Monday, the court said
motorists need protection
                  because of "widespread abuses" by police and the
state's 1999 admission that
                  troopers had practiced racial profiling.
                  Such protection will prevent police from "turning
routine traffic stops into a
                  fishing expedition for criminal activity unrelated to
the lawful stop," Justice
                  James Coleman wrote.
                  The court said the state constitution protects
                  motorists from consent searches, in which police
                  ask motorists to sign a waiver that allows them to
                  search their car without a warrant.
                  The court stressed that its ruling applies only to
                  traffic stops of individual motorists, and not to
                  traffic checkpoints or roadblocks, such as those
                  used to catch drunken drivers.
                  The ruling upheld a June 2000 state appellate
                  court decision that reversed the 1998 conviction of
                  Steven Carty, who was found guilty of drug possession
after state police found
                  cocaine in his shirt during a 1997 traffic stop.
                  Roger Shatzkin, a spokesman for the state Attorney
General's office, said the
                  ruling "should really have no effect on the State
Police" because their internal
                  rules already require them to have reasonable
suspicion in order to conduct a
                  consent search.
                  The Rev. Reginald Jackson, executive director of the
state Black Ministers
                  Council, said he hoped the ruling will encourage the
state Legislature to ban
                  consent searches entirely.

@_date: 2002-03-05 17:55:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Donate to the Govt, Get Harassed by Govt 
Donor of Ayn Rand Manuscript, U.S. Are Not on the Same Page
                       Dispute: Giver saved a portion of 'The
Fountainhead' manuscript as a memento. It is seized.
                     By BOB POOL, TIMES STAFF WRITER
                     Ayn Rand wrote the book on the chasm between
personal happiness
                     and a heavy-handed government. Leonard Peikoff
illustrated it.
                     That's how Rand fans say the empty picture frame on
Peikoff's wall
                     figures into the fight over two pages of her
original handwritten
                     manuscript of "The Fountainhead."
                     Federal officials seized the pages after Peikoff
joked that he "stole"
                     them from the Library of Congress. Peikoff, a
writer and philosopher,
                     was a lifelong friend of Rand and is an expert on
her philosophy of
                     objectivism, which teaches that individuals--not
the government--are
                     the key to the development of a healthy society. He
inherited the
                     scrawled first drafts of "The Fountainhead," "Atlas
Shrugged" and two
                     other books when she died in 1982.
                     Eleven years ago he donated the manuscripts and
other Rand papers
                     to the Library of Congress. For sentimental
reasons, he said, he kept
                     the first and last pages of "The Fountainhead" and
sent photocopies to
                     Washington with the remainder of the manuscript.
Peikoff displayed
                     the original pages under a spotlight on the wall of
his Irvine home.
                     The groundbreaking 1943 novel helped define Rand's
                     Part of that doctrine contends that man's pursuit
of self-interest
                     requires government's willingness to step out of
the way.
                     But it is Peikoff who said he was forced to step
aside when a government agent showed up at his
                     front door in January. The official cut Rand's
manuscript pages from his picture frame and
                     confiscated them as federal property.
                     The irony of the seizure is not lost on Rand
                     "Ayn Rand, I feel sure, would have said: 'The whole
case is another outrage by looting
                     bureaucrats so drunk with power that they must
possess and flaunt even the very pages in which I
                     have denounced them,'" Peikoff said.
                     Yaron Brook, head of the Marina del Rey-based Ayn
Rand Institute, agreed. "Ayn Rand
                     portrayed the government as never happy with the
power it has. The bureaucrats always want to
                     take more."
                     Peikoff, 68, became acquainted with Rand in 1951
after reading "The Fountainhead" as a
                     17-year-old.
                     "It had changed my life," he said. "I took the
train from Winnipeg, Canada, and went to her house
                     in Chatsworth to meet her."
                     Soon, he was among those who would have 10-hour
philosophical discussions with the
                     Russian-born author.
                     Rand embraced Peikoff's work when he began
interpreting her philosophy in his own writings.
                     Eventually, she wrote the introduction and reviewed
each chapter of his book on objectivism,
                     "The Ominous Parallels." It analyzed the
philosophical causes of Nazism and their parallels in
                     contemporary America.
                     Peikoff's decision to donate Rand's papers to the
Library of Congress came after he was
                     hospitalized in 1991 with a heart attack. Years
earlier Rand had talked of sending them there. So
                     Peikoff had an assistant load 11 boxes of
manuscripts, proofs and other documents and ship them
                     off--minus the original first and last pages of
"The Fountainhead."
                     Peikoff said he later sent a private appraiser to
Washington to attest to the value of the Rand
                     papers and to tell officials that two of the
"Fountainhead" pages were copies. The appraiser
                     reported back to him that the library didn't care,
Peikoff said.
                     But in 1998 Peikoff was interviewed for a Los
Angeles Times Magazine article about a
                     resurgence of interest in Rand's work. The
interviewer spied the framed manuscript pages on the
                     wall and was taken by the famous opening paragraph
written in Rand's own hand: "Howard
                     Roark laughed."
                     Peikoff explained that he had given the 2,158-page
"Fountainhead" manuscript to the Library of
                     Congress. "But I stole the first and last pages,"
he added with a laugh. The throwaway line was
                     included in the lengthy magazine article published
Aug. 16, 1998.
                     Library officials weren't laughing when they read
the piece. They demanded the missing
                     "Fountainhead" pages, claiming them to be property
of the U.S. government.
                     When Peikoff refused to turn them over, officials
threatened to sue him for $1.1 million--the
                     amount the library had spent "in storing, archiving
and preserving the manuscript" in the belief it
                     was the complete original.
                     Peikoff scoffed at the claim. If library officials
had even looked at the documents, they would have
                     noticed the obviously photocopied pages and the
appraiser's report, he said.
                     After he hired a lawyer, library officials offered
to let Peikoff temporarily keep the two pages,
                     provided that he post a $30,000 bond and place a
sign on his home's wall beneath the frame
                     reading: "On Loan From the Library of Congress." He
                     His lawyer told Peikoff that he probably would win
the lawsuit, but warned that the outcome was
                     far from certain under the theory of "promissory
estoppel" that courts often use in cases involving
                     gifts.
                     "I'm 68 and a heart patient and could not accept
the prospect of being further weakened
                     physically by the stress, and perhaps even
bankrupted in a fight against what is now, it seems, a
                     virtually omnipotent government," Peikoff said. "I
capitulated ... this was the payment I received
                     from the Library of Congress for my gift."
                     Library officials denied being heavy-handed. They
said Peikoff signed an "instrument of gift" giving
                     the government ownership of Rand's papers and a
letter confirming that he had sent "the complete
                     materials."
                     "The library did not know that Dr. Peikoff had kept
two pages of the manuscript. The library
                     relied on Dr. Peikoff's presentations that the
manuscripts were complete," officials said in a federal
                     court complaint.
                     But George Houle, a West Los Angeles rare book
expert who traveled in 1991 to Washington to
                     appraise Peikoff's donation, said he informed
officials that two of the "Fountainhead" pages were
                     photocopies.
                     "The appraisal made note of the fact they were
facsimiles," Houle said. "His remark about
                     'stealing' them was clearly flippant. He didn't go
to the Library of Congress and steal them."
                     Houle said he was surprised by the library's
treatment of the Rand papers during his inspection
                     trip. "The librarian had them in a cardboard box.
She almost spit on them. She was not a fan of
                     Ayn Rand. She made some disparaging remarks about
Ayn Rand," Houle said.
                     Library of Congress spokeswoman Helen Dalrymple
denied that the librarian mistreated the Rand
                     materials or looked upon them with disdain. The
library had sought Rand's papers for years,
                     Dalrymple said. And Houle did not tell her
colleagues of the photocopies, she said.
                     Dalrymple asserted that Peikoff's treatment of the
two pages he withheld was not the best,
                     however.
                     "From being in the frame the ink had faded and the
paper had turned a different color," she said.
                     Peikoff, meantime, vowed to never again give
anything to the Library of Congress. And he said he
                     has given up on ever seeing his beloved manuscript
pages again.

@_date: 2002-03-04 17:41:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: SDMI II: revenge of the nerds 
Excerpts from Group seeks to set portable audio player standards
Co-organizer White said the group will take up where SDMI left
off on portable devices but that it will work to avoid the
mistakes that SDMI made.
Industry observers believe that SDMI grew too large for its
structure and had too diverse a membership base to agree on
anything. For instance, the group could not reach consensus on
a standard framework for digital audio content protection for
portable devices.
That was because the record labels held so much power in the
group that their concerns about content piracy became the
priority, some observers claim. SDMI became inactive shortly
after executive director Leonardo Chiariglione left in January
"After SDMI did not work out real well, Jim [Fleming] came to
me," White said. As the two saw it, "the record industry had its
concerns, and the IT group at SDMI [which comprised computer
manufacturers] had certain things they intended to do, but the
consumer electronics industry really never was represented as a
group at SDMI."
White said the new group seeks to change that. One task will be
to correct the lack of standards for portable-device content
The new group will differ from SDMI in that it will focus on
player-device vendors and their suppliers, and there will be
requirements for membership. Neither Fleming nor White would
say whether content providers, such as record labels, will be
allowed to join. They said they will leave that matter up to the
group's members.

@_date: 2002-03-04 17:34:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Lost cell phones will be as fun as lost laptops 
"your cell phone is becoming a credit card,"
Second, vital information is often kept in a small, slippery device
that's easily stolen or lost. To illustrate that point, F-Secure's
Hypponen noted that in six months of 2001, some 64,000
handsets were left behind in taxis in London, and that 250,000
forgotten mobile phones litter U.S. airports every year.

@_date: 2002-03-04 16:53:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: freedom of speech except for elections except for accused pedos 
Background: its illegal to post campaign info within N metres of a
polling booth.
So what does this judge do?  He requires election officials to post
names of write-ins.
Why?  Because the incumbent is charged with pedo crimes, but still
running.  As discovered by
someone who cracked into the incumbent's computer.  The post being voted
for is
itself a judgeship.  Curiouser and curiouser.
ORANGE COUNTY
                     O.C. Write-In Candidates Get Boost in Court
                       Election: Voters are to be made aware at polling
places they can get a list
                     of names. Opponents of indicted Superior Court
judge hail the ruling.
                     By JACK LEONARD and MONTE MORIN,
                     TIMES STAFF WRITERS
                     In a highly unusual ruling, an Orange County
                     judge on Friday sided with challengers to
                     Superior Court Judge Ronald C. Kline and
                     ordered election officials to post signs at polling
                     places alerting voters that they can receive a list
                     of write-in candidates.
                     The ruling gives a significant boost to write-in
                     candidates, who are traditionally longshots
                     because their names don't appear on ballots.
                     County attorneys said they cannot recall such a
                     step ever being taken.

@_date: 2002-03-04 13:42:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: when presidents wiretap themselves 
In the taped conversation,
              Mr Graham said the
              Jewish "stranglehold" on
              the media "has got to be
              broken or this country's
              going down the drain".
              "You believe that?" Nixon replies.
              "Yes, sir."
              "Oh boy. So do I. I can't ever say that but I believe it,"
              Nixon says.
              "If you get elected a second time, then we might be
              able to do something," Mr Graham replies.
              Later in the conversation,
              when Nixon raises the
              subject of Jewish influence
              in Hollywood, Mr Graham
              says:
              "A lot of Jews are great
              friends of mine. They swarm
              around me and are friendly
              to me, because they know
              that I am friendly to Israel
              and so forth, but they don't
              know how I really feel about what they're doing to this
              country, and I have no power and no way to handle
              them."
              Nixon, who became friends with Mr Graham in the
              1950s during his time as vice president in the
              Eisenhower administration, then advises: "You must
              not let them know."
So, um, is D.C. a two-party wiretap state?

@_date: 2002-03-04 12:53:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: visit a hotel, get a visit from fed tentacles spying on credit 
But the Oasis Beach Resort omits one detail from its brochure: The U.S
government says Americans can't stay there.
That means U.S. tourists who use a credit card at the hotel could get a
stern letter from the Treasury Department and a substantial fine for
supporting a business that U.S. officials believe is used to launder
drug proceeds for one of Mexico's most violent drug cartels.
excerpted from Mexican Hotel Allegedly Linked to Drug Cartel Is
off-Limits for Americans

@_date: 2002-03-02 20:18:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Interesting new cipher patent 
Quoth George:
[Ed note: it is possible to retrieve the images
without the plug-in, if you "Use the Source, Luke"]
equivalent to the old idea of using a real random number
generator to make a OTP, then sending the (encrypted)
OTP and also the message XORed with the OTP, so the
message sent ends up being twice as long as the plaintext.<<
Yes ---it doubles the required bandwidth.  The "extra"
bits come from the RNG ---for every plaintext bit
you send, you're consuming a random bit too.
There is also the benefit that the adversary has to find a backdoor
in *two* different block ciphers.  That is why the
rather different IDEA (tm) and Blowfish algorithms
are suggested for implementation.
"We will be obliged to take action ourselves" -Gore on privacy

@_date: 2002-03-04 16:53:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: freedom of speech except for elections except for accused pedos 
Background: its illegal to post campaign info within N metres of a
polling booth.
So what does this judge do?  He requires election officials to post
names of write-ins.
Why?  Because the incumbent is charged with pedo crimes, but still
running.  As discovered by
someone who cracked into the incumbent's computer.  The post being voted
for is
itself a judgeship.  Curiouser and curiouser.
ORANGE COUNTY
                     O.C. Write-In Candidates Get Boost in Court
                       Election: Voters are to be made aware at polling
places they can get a list
                     of names. Opponents of indicted Superior Court
judge hail the ruling.
                     By JACK LEONARD and MONTE MORIN,
                     TIMES STAFF WRITERS
                     In a highly unusual ruling, an Orange County
                     judge on Friday sided with challengers to
                     Superior Court Judge Ronald C. Kline and
                     ordered election officials to post signs at polling
                     places alerting voters that they can receive a list
                     of write-in candidates.
                     The ruling gives a significant boost to write-in
                     candidates, who are traditionally longshots
                     because their names don't appear on ballots.
                     County attorneys said they cannot recall such a
                     step ever being taken.

@_date: 2002-03-06 04:01:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Film a fed building, get deported 
True enough, but note that most (non-Fed) cops do NOT ship illegals
off to the INS.  Last week in San Jose someone was dressing like a cop
and stealing
illegals' wallets; the San Jose police said they would not turn in
illegals who
reported crimes to them, they just wanted to catch the imposter.
Other examples of this "turning a blind eye" abound; in fact, when
the city of Anaheim proposed running INS checks on arrestees, they
caught a lot of flack and IIRC eventually backed down.
We look forward to the SF prankster-citizens putting on sheep masks
and filming (with or without tape in their props) taxpayers' buildings.

@_date: 2002-03-04 16:46:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Film a fed building, get deported 
ORANGE COUNTY
                     A Home Video Is Migrant's Error
                       Law: After 9/11, filming Santa Ana federal
building gets illegal immigrant
                     noticed. Deportation looms.
                     By JENNIFER MENA, TIMES STAFF
                     WRITER
                     The ice cream vendor never imagined that the
                     FBI would be interested in his home video of
                     downtown Santa Ana. He was not thinking
                     post-Sept. 11, an era of new sensitivity about
                     anyone taking pictures of federal buildings.
                     Carlos Vasquez, a Mexican immigrant, filmed the
                     Ronald Reagan Federal Building for a video he
                     wanted to send to relatives back home. But the
                     activity was brought to the attention of federal
                     authorities who discovered he was an illegal
                     immigrant and now plan to deport him.
                     The FBI said Vasquez is just one of thousands of
                     people interviewed after Sept. 11 on grounds that
                     they may know something about terrorist activity.
                     With the new vigilance, activities near government
                     offices that were once considered innocuous now
                     often catch the attention of law enforcement.
                     "There is a heightened sensitivity to anyone
                     federal buildings. This sensitivity was not there
                     before Sept. 11," said Matthew McLaughlin, a
spokesman for the Federal
                     Bureau of Investigation.
                     Vasquez, 35, said he included Santa Ana's federal
building, at 411 W. 4th
                     St., in his video because it was part of the city's
skyline. The video was taken
                     with the most expensive item he's bought since
coming to the United States in
                     1990: a $1,200 camera bought on a payment plan at
Circuit City.
                     While he was outside the building Dec. 6, he said,
his filming was stopped by
                     security guards and he was interviewed by Santa Ana
police, who wrote
                     down his driver's license. On Dec. 11, FBI agents
were at his doorstep.
                     Within three weeks, Vasquez was sent to an
immigration detention center in
                     Lancaster for one month, then released on bond.
                     Vasquez said he came to the United States 11 years
ago and was hoping to
                     become a legal resident. He said he had submitted
an application for
                     residency through his brother, who is a citizen, in
April. He put his earnings at
                     $250 a week selling ice cream from a 1976 van.
                     "What really hurts is the injustice and
discrimination," said Vasquez, in the
                     room he rents for $350 a month in Santa Ana. "I
came here to work and
                     make money to survive."
                     But McLaughlin said other people who have been
questioned for possible
                     terrorist activity have also been referred to the
Immigration and Naturalization
                     Service if they could not prove legal residency.
                     In the weeks after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks
on the World Trade Center
                     and Pentagon, Middle Eastern immigrants who came to
authorities' attention
                     as possible suspects also were targeted for
deportation if they were found to
                     be in the United States illegally.
                     An INS official said Vasquez's deportation case is
not about whether he
                     videotaped a building but whether he is in the
country legally.
                     "I would put the onus back on the individual. If he
wanted to stay in the U.S.,
                     he should have gotten legal status," McLaughlin
                     "We have set protocols. He is not being singled
out. He was taking video of
                     a federal building. You do not know what his intent
is until you investigate."
                     Vasquez said the FBI interrogated him on five
occasions, repeatedly asking
                     him whether he knew a man who he believes is of
Middle Eastern descent.
                     Vasquez said he knew the man only by sight from his
visits to a store where
                     he bought ice cream for his truck.
                     Vasquez said he was given several lie detector
tests. INS records show that
                     he failed two polygraph tests that were
administered by the FBI.
                     Vasquez said he believes he failed because the
questioner kept rephrasing a
                     question--whether he knew the man from the ice
cream store and whether he
                     was asked by another person to film the
building--until he answered
                     incorrectly.
                     McLaughlin said Vasquez was not forced to be
interviewed and that the lie
                     detector tests were voluntary. At any time, Vasquez
could have stopped the
                     interview or test, he said.
                     Civil rights advocates say the case demonstrates
how the new vigilance can
                     usurp personal freedoms.
                     "It's an example of the kind of overaction and
reaction that violates human
                     rights day in and day out now," said James
Lafferty, executive director of the
                     National Lawyers Guild in Los Angeles.
                     Immigration authorities took Vasquez's driver's
license, so he has been
                     unable to work.
                     The driver's license was obtained legally, before
the state required drivers to
                     show a Social Security number to get one.
                     His brother, Juan Vasquez, 33, a U.S. citizen, has
been helping pay for food.
                     "They did him a lot of harm," he said. "It's an
extreme. What they did seems
                     like it's outside the rule of law."

@_date: 2002-03-06 01:16:04
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: authenticable physical bank notes 
Yes, some company announced a way to "sign" chips via what IIRC was
randomness in resistivity of the silicon or the conductance of an array
of transistors.

@_date: 2002-03-06 16:59:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Frank L. Hagenbeck's Snuff Video 
a battlefield commander said that the
  first of seven Americans killed the previous day
  survived a fall from a helicopter only to be
  captured and killed by enemy forces.
The incident was captured on streaming video
transmitted from a surveillance aircraft. At a
remote site, Maj. Gen. Frank L. Hagenbeck
watched helplessly.
1. will trade Chechen snuff video for this
2. make sure you wear clean underwear (cf Somalia)

@_date: 2002-03-06 19:59:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Psyops: Every Barbie doll is more harmful than an American 
Psyops starts young.
One wonders how G.I. Joe sells in Iran?
AP) Iran has introduced its version of
Barbie and Ken: twin dolls Dara and
Sara, who promote traditional values
with their modest clothing and
pro-family stories.
The Dara and Sara dolls, one a boy
and the other a girl, were developed
and are being marketed by the Institute
for the Intellectual Development of
Children and Young Adults, a
government agency affiliated with the
Ministry of Education.
They are widely seen as an effort to
counter the American dolls and
accessories that have flooded the
Iranian market, though institute
  director Mohsen Chiniforoushan said at a news conference Tuesday
  that that was not the main goal.
  "The dolls are most welcome. Dara and Sara are strategic products
  to preserve our national identity. And of course, it is an answer to
  Barbie and Ken, which have dominated Iran's toy market," toy seller
  Mehdi Hedayat said.
  Another toy seller, Masoumeh Rahimi, said Barbie was "foreign to
  Iran's culture" because some of the popular Western dolls wear
  revealing clothing. She said young girls who play with Barbie, a doll
  she sees as wanton, could grow into women who reject Iranian
  values.
  "I think every Barbie doll is more harmful than an American missile,"
  Rahimi said.

@_date: 2002-03-07 16:34:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Judge says: We are all special objects, and all press 
Judge Says Amateur News Gatherers on Public Access TV Have Same Rights
                            as Professionals
                  By Justin PopeAssociated Press Writer
Published: Mar 6, 2002
BOSTON (AP) - A federal court has ruled that nonprofessional news
gatherers have the same rights as professionals, supporting a community
gadfly who claimed she was muzzled by a public access cable company.
It is the first ruling of its kind, said the American Civil Liberties
Union, which represented plaintiff Patricia Demarest in her fight with
Athol/Orange Community Television.
"It will open so many more doors for common citizens to use public
access as a public forum and a place to speak their minds," said
Demarest, co-producer of the program "Think Tank 2000."
"It's a fight for any common citizen to bring forth ideas and generate
healthy communities."
Demarest used the program to accuse local officials in the central
Massachusetts town of Athol of conflicts of interest.
But after she broadcast the grilling she gave one official, she was
suspended by the cable company, whose board is appointed by the city.
The company also changed its rules to ban controversial programming,
requiring broadcasters to get written permission from anyone they
Last week, however, U.S. District Judge Michael Ponsor in Springfield
ruled that such shows constitute a "public forum" and have First
Amendment protection.
AOTV lawyer Peter Epstein said he had not read the verdict and could not
The cable company said after several controversial broadcasts in 2000
that the regulation requiring written consent was necessary to prevent
unfair coverage.
The ACLU argued that would prevent coverage of any public official.
Cable access provides the same opportunity to share ideas as printed
leaflets and soap boxes did in the past, said Bill Newman, director of
the western Massachusetts chapter of the ACLU.
"Citizen producers of shows are entitled to the same First Amendment
protections as producers of shows for large media outlets," Newman said.
The judge essentially agreed, writing that the requirement "made news
makers news editors. By refusing to sign a release form, Athol's news
makers could ensure that their images did not appear on AOTV."
Ponsor also struck down an AOTV rule that prohibits broadcasters from
showing illegal acts. Such a requirement, he said, would have prevented
the broadcast of "some of the most important moments in American
history," including footage of the Bloody Sunday attack on civil rights
marchers in Selma, Ala.

@_date: 2002-03-07 20:08:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: a wee bit o' Soze action in Tenn 
Wife Of Deployed Fort Bragg Soldier Stabbed, Killed By Intruder
  POSTED: 8:02 a.m. EST March 7, 2002
  UPDATED: 2:36 p.m. EST March 7, 2002
  CUMBERLAND COUNTY, N.C. -- A military spouse, whose husband is
deployed in the War on Terrorism,   was murdered by an intruder in her
home early Thursday morning.
Cumberland County investigators said Angela Mosden, 40, was stabbed
and possibly beaten with a baseball bat in her home on Blackbird Road.
The home is located in the Beaver Run subdivision off Cliffdale Road.

@_date: 2002-03-11 15:43:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: what's up with *coder*punks @ toad? 
Since subscribing to coderpunks via toad I've seen only spam.  Is there
a better node?
Is there no coder traffic these days?
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-12 02:30:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Archive URL 
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-12 02:32:25
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Osama's winning 
Prompted by heightened security concerns since the Sept. 11 attacks and
by restrictions the Saudi  government has imposed on American military
operations, American commanders are re-examining their
presence here. The Central Command, in Tampa, Fla., the headquarters for
Middle East operations, has
prepared a sweeping contingency plan to move out of Saudi Arabia, senior
military officials say.
U.S. Rethinks Its Role in Saudi Arabia
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-12 17:13:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Canadian govt to tax recordable media for RIAA, MPAA 
from /.
"A new Canadian levy will be introduced in 2003 on all recordable
media (pdf). The magnitude of these tariffs is staggering: $1.23 for all
CD-RW's, $2.27 on
all DVD-R's, and get this: $21 for each gigabyte of storage on portable
MP3 players. That's an extra 160 dollars for a Nomad." Like in the U.S.,
this tax is collected and given directly to the record industry, a
governmental subsidy for no apparent societal benefit.
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-13 00:31:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: movie rating explosion as every cause-celebre gets its share 
Caveat: its not State Censorship unless the govt requires these new
movie ratings.  If (and only if) a theatre is free to show rated, or
movies as it sees fit, then it is merely another PC fringe making their
pissing on the movie screen.
If the rating is *required* by the state ("Parental Advisory" ---cf
_The Mothers of Prevention_ album featuring Tipper Gore and Shithead
then some folks need killin' (tm).
We await PETA requesting "Carnivory" labels on movies... just to see how
they rate _Silence of the Lambs_
Study: Factor tobacco into movie ratings
                 New report criticizes tobacco product placement in
                 March 12, 2002 Posted: 11:39 AM EST (1639 GMT)
                                              SACRAMENTO, California
(AP) --
                                              Citing a new study that
examines the
                                              ties between Hollywood and
                                              makers, health advocates
are calling
                                              for the film industry to
                                              tobacco as a factor in
                                              movie ratings.
                                              The study, published
Tuesday in the health
                                              journal Tobacco Control,
says cigarette
                                              companies aggressively
pursued product
                                              placement in films in the
1980s and
                                              "undertook an extensive
campaign to hook
                                              Hollywood on tobacco by
providing free
                                              cigarettes to actors."
                                              Study co-author Curtis
Mekemson, a
                 health and environmental consultant who specializes in
tobacco content in movies,
                 said, "What it confirms is what we have suspected for
quite some time -- that when
                 stars light up in films ... that can have a powerful
influence on people."
                 The study reviewed more than 1,500 previously secret,
internal tobacco industry
                 documents made public through a landmark 1998 tobacco
settlement. Under the
                 agreement, the four largest manufacturers -- Philip
Morris, R.J. Reynolds, Brown
                 & Williamson and Lorillard -- pledged to make payments
for 25 years to reimburse
                 public costs of treating sick smokers.
                 Before that, under public and government pressure, the
film industry adopted a
                 voluntary ban on direct tobacco placement payments in
                 Still, tobacco use was featured in nearly 85 percent of
the top 25 highest-grossing
                 movies released each year from 1988 through 1997,
according to a study released
                 in 2001 by Dartmouth Medical School.
                 The current film ratings system is administered by the
Motion Picture Association
                 of America. A Los Angeles-based ratings board takes
into account theme, violence,
                 nudity, language, sensuality, drug abuse and other
elements when assigning a
                 rating.
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2002-03-14 17:05:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Hawaii Wi-Fi: History looping 
The Island of the Wireless Guerrillas
The irony of using wireless ethernet in Hawaii is amazing.  As described
_Dream Machine_, the ethernet protocol evolved from an RF data net
developed in Hawaii.  Ethernet's random back off after collisions was
first developed in this pre-internet data net.  (Collisions are inherent
in a
broadcast medium.)
And now history loops..

@_date: 2002-03-14 16:53:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | Document Retention And E-mail : Social Problems 
It does come down to social engineering, doesn't it?
A secret shared by more than two is no longer a secret.
Motivations will not be the same on all endpoints of a communication,
Many checks have this kind of "security" background.
As if Photoshop never existed.

@_date: 2002-03-15 12:25:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: The Register - Law-enforcement DIRT Trojan released 
Nice.  The .zip file referenced in that article
has the following contents:
    Hasp.zip
    DIRTinstall.ltr.pdf
    DIRTManual2_2clr.pdf
    Dirtcdrelease.zip
Hasp.zip contains only hinstall.exe
The other .zip has
    os.dat
    _ISDEL.EXE
    SETUP.EXE
    lang.dat
    _INST32I.EX_
    _setup.dll
    setup.ins
    _sys1.cab
    setup.bmp
    DATA.TAG
    SETUP.INI
    _user1.cab
    layout.bin
    data1.cab
    setup.lid
The install .PDF is a one-pager describing the requirement for a .hsp
file license.
The other manual describes use of the control center.  It describes how
to run remote programs and deposit files on the target computer, once
the bug has been installed.   Bugs are .exe, .doc, .xls trojans which
are emailed to the target.  Bugs can also send email back to the bugger.
The default port for controlling the bug is 2001.  Does that match any
known free trojans?
The hinstall.exe program contains the line "Aladdin Knowledge Systems
Ltd. (c) 2000".  This is probably a standard installer for a licensing
system; it seems also to support hardware dongles but
the DiRT package uses software-only fnord security.  Probably
crackable.  The DiRT installer is an InstallShield (tm) package.

@_date: 2002-03-15 13:25:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: assasination politics works with barter too (or, doesn't work) 
The  US will now offer to build a road, dig a well, or give away a
flock of sheep to Afghan communities that rat on Bin Laden.
Bleating and babbling we fell on his neck with a scream
Wave upon wave of demented avengers march cheerfully out of obscurity
into the dream.

@_date: 2002-03-16 02:35:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: New heights of spam from Choate and MattX 
Write your own damn translator if you can't hack the prose.
WTF, Tim, is it that time of the month again?
"Take a stress pill, Dave" --HAL

@_date: 2002-03-15 17:51:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Netscape, DoJ, Linux, now Al Qaeda 
U.S. intelligence officials said Islamic terrorists have
picked economic-warfare targets inside the United States.
This includes intelligence that al Qaeda terrorists plan to
attack Microsoft's headquarters in Redmond, Wash.
The data were among information found during military
operations inside Afghanistan.
Microsoft's sprawling "campus" is located west of Seattle
and includes 47 buildings with a combined 5.3 million square
feet of office space. The company's revenue last year was
$25.3 billion.
"This would clearly be economic warfare" by al Qaeda
terrorists, said one official familiar with reports of the threats.
Hmm, Stallman in a turban?  It could work...

@_date: 2002-03-16 03:06:30
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Grand juries, timed incendiaries, beagles & balaclavas 
Many interesting articles for the animal loving domestic terrorist... or
Walking Through a Grand Jury
by Larry Weiss, Attorney at Law
In this article Attorney Larry Weiss walks us through a typical grand
jury proceeding for an
activist. He shows how easily a committed activist who puts the animals
first can be jailed at
a grand jury. His article is quite scary. Think about it, when they
start asking you about your
friends, their beliefs in direct action, your significant other, your
involvement with animal
rights, who you associate with, and other personal questions, are you
going answer them?
If you do, you can bet the people you mention will also be harassed;
they will have more
information to use against you, your friends, and the animals; and
mistrust and fear will
spread within the movement because no one knows what you said about them
(the public is
not allowed and grand jury hearings). In a grand jury, there are no
innocent questions, and
there is no such thing as a harmless answer. Cooperating with a special
grand jury is selling
out the movement.
The following is a summary of what you might expect to encounter if you
are subpoenaed to appear
before a federal grand jury.
1. Your subpoena will be served on you by law enforcement personnel or
FBI agents. Do not
attempt to talk to the person who serves the subpoena, or explain why
you should not be involved.
They will only use your statements against you.
2. Don't panic. There are organizations that deal with just such
situations. Don't be afraid to get in
touch with such organizations or with an attorney who is experienced in
grand jury matters. Tell
them about your subpoena. The worst thing that you can do is isolate
yourself or give up hope.
3. You will have to go to the building (probably a courthouse) where the
grand jury is located on
the day and time mentioned on your subpoena. Take friends and/or an
attorney with you. Again, do
not isolate yourself. The FBI would like nothing better than for you to
feel alone and helpless.
4. After you arrive at the courthouse you will probably have to sit and
wait for one or several hours.
Then you will go into the grand jury room. Your attorney and your
friends will not be allowed to go
in with you. Although your attorney can not come into the grand jury
room, he or she may wait
outside the room. You may go out of the room to consult with your
attorney as often as you like.
Simply tell the U.S. Attorney, "I need to talk with my attorney". You
may want to go out after each
question (and before answering) to talk with your attorney. That is your
right and, if the U.S.
attorney will not let you go, then simply refuse to say anything until
you are allowed to talk with your
5. You will be asked your name, followed by a short series of
innocent-sounding questions. Finally,
the real inquisition will begin. You will be asked about people you may
or may not know, who they
are and what their political views are. You may be asked to identify
pictures of people, or whether
you attended meetings or demonstrations with them. There is no "right to
remain silent" in front of a
grand jury. Most people will want to take the Fifth Amendment to avoid
testifying. If you decide
that you want to take the Fifth Amendment, you should do so as soon as
you have given your name.
People often think that they can outsmart the government attorney who is
asking the questions, but
this is not wise. If you have already answered some questions on the
same subject that you now
want to refuse to answer, you may end up waiving your right to take the
Fifth Amendment.
6. To take the Fifth Amendment you simply say "I refuse to answer on the
ground that it may tend
to incriminate me" or you can simply say "I take the Fifth Amendment on
this question." Then you
simply repeat that for each question.
7. After you have taken the Fifth Amendment for one or several
questions, the U.S. Attorney may
ask you to go in front of a judge. When he/she mentions this, and if you
are not represented by an
attorney, you should ask for a public defender to represent you.
You will then go before a U.S. District Court judge. This hearing, where
you are given immunity
despite all of your objections, is called the immunity hearing. If you
have not been given a public
defender, tell the judge that you want a public defender and that you
have already asked the U.S.
attorney for one. The judge may or may not comply with your request for
a public defender.
The judge will ask you if you have taken the Fifth Amendment and you
reply "yes". The U.S.
Attorney may then offer you "immunity". This means that anything you say
in front of the grand jury
cannot be used against you in court in a criminal case. However, you
must understand that your
answers to questions can be used against other people in court and
anything that they say may be
used against you. So you still could face criminal charges on the same
subject that you are being
asked about.
Also, you need to understand that the immunity you are given will not
protect you against civil cases,
loss of job, deportation or any other penalties. So don't be fooled into
thinking that you are getting
something great when they give you "immunity". They are just giving it
to you so that you won't be
able to take the Fifth Amendment anymore, because the grant of immunity
neutralizes your ability to
take the Fifth Amendment.
8. Even if you don't want to accept the immunity, and tell that to the
judge (which it is probably wise
to do, so that you can prove later that you didn't want the immunity),
you don't really have a choice.
They can give you immunity whether you want it or not. The judge will
now explain to you that you
must answer the questions asked by the U.S. attorney and, in fact, will
order you to answer the
9. You will be taken back before the grand jury and asked the same
questions again. You can now
answer them or refuse to answer them. If you answer the questions
falsely, you may be charged
with perjury, which is a serious federal felony. If you still refuse to
answer the questions, you will be
charged with contempt. This is the most critical moment of the whole
proceeding, so you should
think about this before you even go into the grand jury and decide on
your course of action.
10. Let's assume that you still refuse to answer the questions. You will
be taken back before the
judge, probably the same judge who saw you before and charged with
contempt. This procedure is
called the contempt hearing. The first thing to do is to ask to have an
attorney (a public defender)
appointed for you. You have a right to an attorney at the contempt
hearing and the government has
to appoint one for you if you cannot afford one. So insist on your right
to an attorney, and ask for a
continuance to talk to your attorney if one comes in that you have never
seen before.
The court, however, will probably want to proceed then and there. Your
public defender is
supposed to help you at this hearing. You will be asked if you have in
fact refused to answer the
questions. If you say "yes", the court may now hold you in civil
contempt. You don't have the right
to a trial or a jury, or anything like that. So don't expect to have any
of the procedural protections
that are given to people accused of crimes. In the eyes of the law,
civil contempt is not a crime,
though it will feel that way to you.
11. After you are held in contempt, the judge will probably order you
handcuffed and taken away
to jail right away. So you should be prepared when you come to the
initial grand jury session to go
to jail that day, and have all of your personal business in order.
Before you are taken to jail, you (or
your attorney) should ask the judge to let you out on bail and to "stay"
the jail time. This is for the
record, because the judge will probably refuse your motions and have you
taken to jail anyway.
If you know about the jails in your area, you can ask the judge to have
you taken to one facility that
is closer to your friends or family, rather than to another one which is
farther away. Explain your
reasons for wanting to go to a certain facility to the judge. Again, the
judge will probably refuse your
requests, however reasonable they are, but you need to make these
motions anyway in order to get
the fact that you made them into the transcript. This may help you
later. If you have a lawyer, she/he
will make many of these motions for you. If you are not represented or
your public defender doesn't
do anything, then you may have to make them yourself.
12. During all of these proceedings (which may only take one day), do
not be afraid to discuss your
case with your friends and supporters. Tell them what happened in the
grand jury room. You have a
right to talk about what went on before the grand jury. Do not let
yourself get isolated. You may
even want to talk to the press, though you should think about what you
are going to say before you
do this.
13. Now you have been held in contempt and taken to a local jail. Your
first question will be, how
long can they keep me? The answer is that they can keep you for a
maximum of 18 months or until
that grand jury completes its term, whichever comes first. Therefore, it
is important to find out when
the grand jury began its term and when it will finish its term. The
grand Jury term is usually 18
months, though this is subject to an extension in some instances.
If you are held in contempt toward the end of the grand jury term, that
is better for you, since that
means there is less potential time for you to sit in jail. This is one
reason to contest everything that
the U.S. attorney does, because the court will have to hear your
motions., and that decreases the
time until the end of the grand jury term.
14. Another way you can get out of jail is by going back before the
grand jury and answering their
questions. This is called "purging the contempt." You will certainly
dislike jail and there will be a
temptation to do this. Remember, however, that you went to jail because
you believed in a
principle, and that principle has not changed.
15. While in jail you can file motions to get out. The law says that the
jailing cannot be to punish you
but rather to get you to talk to the grand jury. In legal terminology,
this means that the intent of the
jailing must be coercive rather than punitive. This distinction matters
very little when you are actually
in jail. However, it is important legally because your lawyer(s) can
file motions to get you out of jail
early based on the fact that the jailing has now become punishment.
Though it may sound strange,
the firmer you are in your resolve not to talk, the stronger your case
becomes for an early release,
because your lawyer(s) can then argue that the jailing is having no
coercive effect.
16. If you are a vegetarian or a vegan, request the kind of food that
you can eat. Put your request in
writing. Many jails now provide vegetarian meals.
17. Be prepared to be harassed by the guards or other prisoners. Someone
may try to befriend
you, but that person may be working for the FBI. So beware of talking to
people that you didn't
know from before.
18. Most importantly: while in jail, remember why you took this stand in
the first place. You are
doing a brave act. You are there because you believe in a cause, and you
have not been forgotten.
Many people are working to get you out, so stay strong.

@_date: 2002-03-17 14:24:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Don't kill Knuth, just let him play with his organ 
Well, at least this is the most honest description of a sort of
"cowering theological
fear/dismissal" of crypto/privacy that I've read.  "God knows my secret
key; God can
factor anything in O(1) time."  And Authorities (tm) are clearly agents
of the same God.
This bit of senility must not be limited to Knuth; perhaps
vatican-mujadaheen and
crypto-fearing Louis Freeh loves his haloed panopticon this way too.
supposes Freeh's buddy Hanssen thought that God watched over his
deaddrops, too.
"This would be the best of all possible worlds, if there was no religion
in it." -John Adams

@_date: 2002-03-23 05:03:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: design considerations for distributed storage networks 
Why do folks rip CDs they have licensed?  Because they want to access
them at work.
Or to share them with friends.  As a side effect, you have these MP3s
which you can
trivially share with the world.
If you estimate your risk at being caught as approaching nil, and the
required to share also approaches nil, it happens.
Optimum doses are around 125 micrograms.  Costs much less than $500.
Left under a bridge in a park in D.C...
Many in, or formerly in, the software biz have realized that:
1. Microsoft can buy you out (at least you make some one-time money), or
duplicate you
2. Open source folks can duplicate you *for free*
and now you add,
3. Lawyers/congresscum will harass you.
Alas, poor programmers...
And "real friends help you move bodies"...
Cheers, (and we agree with you, if its not obvious)

@_date: 2002-03-25 16:28:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: re: USPTO needs killing 
The current _Tech Review_ has an article about Tropicana (a div. of
patenting a recipe for mixing OJ from earlier-ripening fruits.  The
patent office
is not supposed to grant patents for *recipes*, and an association of
is suing the USPTO.

@_date: 2002-03-25 22:25:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Maryland legislators decide to fuck the constitution 
"I realize that this bill basically says you can tap someone's phone for
jaywalking, and normally I would say, 'No way,' " said Del. Dana Lee
Dembrow (D-Montgomery). "But after what happened on September 11th, I
say screw 'em."
Just in case you didn't know how a totalitarian police-state coup grows,
more excerpts:
Given the potential for mass casualties, said Del. Robert A. Zirkin
(D-Baltimore County), the occasional intrusion into lives "seems worth
the risk."
"I know it's hard to swallow," Zirkin said. "But I think we need to take
a couple steps in that direction right now."
Reminds me of when a sociologist was interviewing a southern farmer:
Why do you think the murder rate is higher in the south?
I guess more southerners need killin'.

@_date: 2002-03-29 20:25:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Celsius 451 -the melting point of Cat-5   Re: network 
Re IPv6: yes, you'd have to restrict search to netblocks known to be
used by folks at home.
Randomly probing machines is legal if not intended to disable the
destination.  And how else
can you find peers if a fixed site that refers you to them is
succeptible to attack?   The very
fact that such a fixed site would be advertizing its services brings
(unwanted legal) attention
to it, even as it helps the user community through this same attention.
If the "probe" were disguised as an HTTP request it would not be seen as
a probe, but
as a misconfigured browser request.
But how do you admit new nodes without also admitting spies?   This is
how those
spy-sites work.
How *do* you stop hostile entities from finding your network?  How do
admit benign users without accepting spies?  Passwords and the like
offer small
obstacles to spies and prevent network deployment.  Yes, you can have
equivalent of invisible 'private clubs' but how do you open a general
gallery to the public
without admitting spies who report that you're reading copyrighted poems
without paying
the author?   I don't see how crypto for authentication,
confidentiality, or stego for concealment
can help.
All the RIAA has to do is get the congresshits to pass a few laws making
Freenet & *tella list sites illegal,
ISP's responsible, and publicly-accessable P2P is toast.   Random
probing and forged-source encrypted UDP
packets seem like a good place to start... when the nightmare of the
RIAA shredding the 1st
and 4th becomes the present.

@_date: 2002-03-29 16:55:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Celsius 451 -the melting point of Cat-5   Re: network topology 
I've been thinking about noncentralized self-organizing network
topologies since George
posted his query.  First, there are several problems that any P2P
network faces in the future
hostile world:
    1. ISPs blocking its ports
    2. The "entry points" to P2P are vulnerable ---web sites that point
to dynamic list of *tella
    servents, or the Kazaa site that points to active Kazaa supernode
servents.  Simply sue
    any of the sites with lists of *tella hosts.  Even better, get the
ISPs to drop host lists
    as fast as they drop stuff under DMCA.
    3. Slow connections, slow machines
    4. Active, hostile attacks, not just doofuses querying with
too-common keywords
To resist 1. you can use port 80, which ISPs can't block without losing
'legitimate' utility for the masses :-)  Or you use randomly varying
ports and have to do more door-knocking.
To resist 2. you have to be able to randomly probe IP addresses to find
a node.
To manage 3., nodes should announce their capacities and the network
should work with this info.
(Cf. self-management in Morpheus/Kazaa, where users can disable the
'supernode' function).
Caching probably helps a lot.
So what you have is your client randomly 'knocking on doors' looking for
someone to answer with
the handshake that means, 'yes, I'm in the network'.  Then the knocker
asks to join, and joins
the resident's "cell" :-) or is told to try another known to be in the
I then started thinking about how to keep nodes connected in a single
connected graph.  I ended up
with an algorithm which I realized resembled funky tree
growing/balancing algorithms I had seen
in datastruct/algorithm CS classes years ago.  Only the nodes were
hosts, the links were communication links (IP addr=pointers) instead of
in-memory locations & pointers.  Nodes can add children, keep track of
parents (and several great-ancestors for redundancy), and defer requests
to join to their children.  When nodes
leave, they tell their children to reparent to the leaving-node's
parent.  When parents defer join-requests
to their children, they first do an application-ping to see if the child
is still alive.  When the 'root' node
leaves, it tells each of its children that they are each other's
parents, to keep the graph connected.
I'm going to code up a simulation when I get the time, with nodes
randomly receiving join requests and
randomly leaving, gracefully and not gracefully.
This does not handle various hostile/spoofing attacks, crypto
authentication, content-finding-query routing,
managing slow connections, etc. Its about keeping a virtual network
Now that I write it up, I realize a tree has the flaw that child nodes'
queries must go through slow upstream links.
So I will think about algorithms to grow meshes dynamically, robustly,
to overcome that problem.
We welcome comments & pointers, and apologize for the rambling.
In the future, you will need a state license for a general-purpose
computer, otherwise you can only
run state-approved code.  Similarly for Inet "connections" which
transport other than approved
protocols on well known ports.
Celsius 451 -the melting point of Cat-5

@_date: 2002-04-22 15:17:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Poli Censorship: when regimes own the media... you run a web 
Sri Lanka President Launches Her Own Web Site
Mon Apr 22,10:21 AM ET
COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga, often at
odds with the
government that now controls the state media, will launch a Web site on
Tuesday to give her version of
events, her office said.
The ( Web site will give details on "key policy
initiatives and programs
spearheaded by the president and the president's views with regard to
the current peace process," said
a statement from Presidential Secretariat.
After Kumaratunga's People's Alliance lost last December's parliamentary
elections, the party has had
trouble getting its message across through the state media.
[Predicatably, the site was giving:
    The daily bandwidth limit for this member has been exceeded. Try
again after midnight, EST.
Via a server run by a VA, US company.
Anyway we find this a refreshing change from citizen vs. state and state
vs. state netwars.]

@_date: 2002-04-22 07:47:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation (h/w comments) 
Comment on the latter: There is a lot of (high-margin) hardware made
which does something
that software can do, but much faster.  This sounds obvious, but figure
out how long you
have to make a routing decision if your bits are coming in 10^10 / sec
and a new packet is every 2400 bits.  Your basic Linux/486+2NICs
hobbyist router
does not have a chance :-) though its a perfectly viable solution at
lower rates.
Neither does your latest bleeding-edge general purpose Pentium-whatever.
So a general-purpose CPU is not just 'inefficient' ---its also
'insufficient'.  Also,
they tend to burn a lot more watts than an ASIC would.
Comment on the former:
If you *really* had a reason and money for a hardware PRNG *and* you
a lot of state, you'd just synthesize up a block of memory on your chip,
or an interface
to whatever kind of external D/SRAM you preferred.
Software is a lot easier than h/ware if you don't need performance.

@_date: 2002-04-18 14:07:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: The case of the pedo-judge-busting pedo-loving-crhacker 
[ Includes
*planting evidence on computer
*illegal computer entry, search
*police use of illegal evidence
*computer forensics
and at no extra charge,
*kiddy prawns
*busted judge
Hacker to Be Key in Trial of Judge
[*]  Courts: Attorneys for Ronald Kline of Irvine argue that Canadian
police had doubts about child porn informant.
wo months before child pornography charges were filed against an Orange
County judge, Canadian authorities expressed "serious doubt" about the
work of a hacker who allegedly discovered illegal photographs on the
jurist's home computer, according to court documents filed this week.
Police used the information from the unidentified hacker to obtain a
search warrant for Judge Ronald C. Kline's home in Irvine, where they
allegedly found more than 1,500 computer images of child porn.
The credibility of the hacker--and whether he violated the judge's
constitutional rights--are expected to be key elements in Kline's
upcoming federal trial. Kline's attorneys argued in court documents
filed Monday that a Royal Canadian Mounted Police investigator told
Irvine police that the hacker, who lives in Canada, was breaking the law
and could not be used as an informant.
"Our problem is how do we continue to receive information from him with
the knowledge that the method he is using to extract the information
identifying the bad guys is illegal," wrote Investigator George Barnett
in a Sept. 6 e-mail to an Irvine detective.
"There is some expectation of privacy on the part of the bad guys."
Irvine police, however, contend that defense attorneys have quoted the
e-mail out of context. Investigators said the hacker's methods are
irrelevant to the case because he was not acting as an agent of law
enforcement when he hacked into Kline's computer.
Barnett's e-mail, they said, discussed the possible legal problems
investigators would face if they used future tips from the hacker.
"It had nothing to do with the Kline investigation," Irvine Police Det.
Ron Carr said. "It was a conversation between us about using him [the
hacker] in the future."
Barnett said through a police spokesman that he could not comment while
the case is pending.
Kline, 61, has pleaded not guilty to six charges of possessing child
pornography. He also pleaded not guilty to separate state charges of
molesting a 14-year-old boy more than two decades ago.
In the latest federal court filing, Kline's attorneys said that others
also questioned the hacker's credibility.
The head of Predator-Hunter, a Cleveland-based Internet watchdog group
that claimed the hacker as an informant, expressed concerns about the
hacker to Irvine police.
Predator-Hunter's founder, Michael Vaughan, wrote to Carr in January:
"I have recently confirmed how horrifyingly dirty [the hacker] is....
[The hacker] appears to represent a greater threat to children than the
'Judge' or any predator we have IDed to date."

@_date: 2002-04-18 13:34:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: [303] If you're sick of crypto talk don't read this (fwd) 
If that app is a cell-phone, the S&S will need new underwear.

@_date: 2002-04-04 16:28:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: fedjudge upholds 1st amend: city must remove all signs or none 
A federal judge prohibited Culver City from removing signs a resident
had posted on city property encouraging residents to vote in the
upcoming municipal election.
U.S. District Judge Gary A. Feess issued a temporary restraining order
Wednesday, stating that Culver City unconstitutionally enforces its
ordinance banning signs in the public right of way.
LOS ANGELES
Judge Stays Culver City's Ban on Signs
[*]  Civil rights: Removal of one poster but not others is ruled
City workers and police twice pulled down nonpartisan signs paid for by
Lynne Davidson, 48, instructing residents to "Vote for a Change" on
April 9. Culver City, like many others, has a sign ordinance prohibiting
posters in the public right of way, regardless of their content.
Davidson's signs urged residents to vote and did not advocate a
Davidson said she sued the city because its uneven enforcement of the
code infringed on her free speech rights. More than 20 types of signs
violating the ordinance can be found in Culver City at any time,
including banners for city-sponsored events. Her attorney argued in
court documents that the city singled out Davidson's signs and left many
others untouched.
Feess said the city sometimes hangs banners over the public right of way
advertising city-sponsored events. The judge ruled that the city cannot
post such signs and ban others.
It is a violation of the 1st Amendment "to say the city can pick and
choose content in violation of the ordinance ... particularly when
talking of issues of core speech" such as political signs, he said.
Davidson said low voter turnouts in the Culver City elections prompted
her to spend $3,500 on the signs.
"The people elected are not representative of the whole community unless
people get out and vote," she said.

@_date: 2002-04-04 16:12:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Eugene's sp*m filter, sorta like the Feds library porn 
And Herr Frob's offenses were:
Gosh, a dotted-IP!  Oooh noo!  Will no one think of the children!
Yes, Frob capitalized his script's comments.   Calling this
"yelling" is just irritatingly newbie-ish,
the filter-authors might have said allcaps. <\peeve>  (Oh no,
no-standard pseudo-HTML-tags!  The horror,
the horror :-)
[Actually we recognize everyone's right to filter as they please, though
we favor bodily dismemberment for
sp*mming, personally.  If anything, this corroborates what the
*librarians* are saying about the crudity of
mechanical filters, here in the sp*m filtering domain --here the filters
objected to the first bit of code posted
to the list in months!]

@_date: 2002-04-04 00:01:10
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: porn as PSYOPS 
Porn upsets Palestinians
   Agence France-Presse
   31mar02
   PORN movies and programs in Hebrew are being broadcast by Israeli
   troops who have taken over three Palestinian television stations of
   Ramallah, irate residents of the besieged West Bank town have told
   AFP.
   The offices of three local television and radio stations were
   by soldiers yesterday morning, a few hours after tanks and hundreds
   troops stormed the town in Israel's biggest offensive against the
   Palestinian Authority and its leader Yasser Arafat.
   The soldiers started broadcasting the porn clips -- considered
   extremely offensive by most Muslims -- intermittently this afternoon
   from the Al-Watan, Ammwaj, and Al-Sharaq channels, the residents
   "The pornographic movies started on Al-Watan television at around
   pm," one 34-year-old Palestinian mother named Reema told AFP.
   "I have six children at home, they have nowhere to go with what is
   going on here and can't even watch TV," she said angrily.

@_date: 2002-04-02 17:30:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: gamer kills self, mom sues, sony doesn't leak info (privacy, 
Basically a schizoid loner kills himself after getting really into
a RPG.  Loner's mom sues Sony (who makes the game); Sony refuses to give
info about the deceased activities.  She finds some socialworker-loser
who compares game to recpharms, instead of recognizing the
of the mother and/or the deceased.  Article ends with mention of 1st

@_date: 2002-04-02 14:35:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Al Q's Op Sec, Cyanide, Rumsfeld's sinister midget 
For gobs of dollars, the Pakis turn over an uncharged man to the Feds,
who are drooling over their torture implements:
A senior law enforcement official, who also
confirmed Zubeida's capture, said
counter-terrorism agents are angling to interrogate
him. "There is a fair amount of excitement about
this," he said.
"This guy will be put through the ringer for days
and weeks," said a former senior Clinton
administration counter-terrorism official.
"It will take at least 96 hours . . . to get him to
spill everything," said the former official. "If they
don't crack him by then, he is a very tough nut. If
not, they will keep going. He is probably having
the worst time in his entire life right now."
Although he did try to run away (suicide by M-16?)
he didn't, nor did he get killed.  Shouldn't knowledgable
officers have cyanide pills when they're near the front lines?
Seems you'd still get into Paradise (tm) if you
took them to keep mil secrets safe..
And, the Feds don't have to follow any rules:
William H. Webster, a former FBI and CIA
director, said interrogation efforts will "go beyond
name, rank and serial number" because Zubeida
is considered an unlawful combatant and not a
prisoner of war.
"Traditional third-degree would be inappropriate,
such as using physical force," Webster said. "I
don't want to spell out how late they can keep
him up before letting him go to bed, but they have
a right to aggressively try to gain information from
Some music for Mr. Rumsfeld:
                       Flies all green and buzzin',
                       in this dungeon of despair.
                       Prisoners grumble and piss their clothes,
                       and scratch their matted hair.
                       A tiny light, from a window hole,
                       a hundred yards away,
                       is all they ever gets to know
                       about the regular light in the day.
                       And it stinks so bad, the stones been chokin',
                       and weepin' greenish drops.
                       In the room where the giant fire puffer works,
                       and the torture never stops.
                       The torture never stops.
                       Slime and rot, rats and snot,
                       and vomit on the floor.
                       Fifty yoogly soldiers, man,
                       holdin' spears by the iron door.
                       Knives and spikes, and guns and the likes
                       of every tool of pain.
                       And a sinister midget, with a bucket and a mop,
                       where the blood goes down the drain.
                       And it stinks so bad, the stones been chokin',
                       and weepin' greenish drops.
                       In the room where the giant fire puffer works,
                       and the torture never stops.

@_date: 2002-04-01 17:38:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: probabilistic headless node discovery vs. a centralist 
Yes, in the current (lax) climate... but we're considering a hostile
Google, being a public, fixed asset, is manipulable.  The
$cientologist/DMCA attack
is a recent example.

@_date: 2002-04-01 17:52:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Celsius 451 -the melting point of Cat-5   Re: network 
[Yes I screwed this up ---ISPs do commonly block incoming 80.  But they
don't block other ports, though you'll have to tweak your firewall to
them --although this inhibits the use of random ports.]
But if the public can do this, so can the RIAA-bots.  And in the hostile
future, they force usenet- (or whatever-) transport to remove the
encrypted lists.
Its a fine anonymous-read, anonymous-write broadcast medium.
"All the normalities of the social contract are abandoned in war"
--Jack Valenti

@_date: 2002-04-02 13:51:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Internet is dead (Was Re: Celsius 451 -the melting point of 
If by "quality" you mean signal quality, they do a reasonable job.
(Customers gripe about
perceivable losses, you know.)  If you mean semantic quality, well, they
sell what people buy.
You could gripe about how most CDs sold, which are technically
excellent, contain pop trash,
but you're wasting your breath.
6,000?  Methinks you dropped a kilo.. (maybe it'll wash up in the
or swapped exponent and mantissa
Cable is typically 1Mbit download, 1-200 Kbit upload, slightly better
*DSL on telco copper.  Often downloads are slower because of congestion
elsewhere (server, upstream nets).
These are real numbers from our cable modem.  110 Kbyte/sec downloads,
27 Kbyte/sec uploads.
[BTW, We do see TCP/80 incoming blocked, but there are so many other
portnumbers to chose from...]
Not true.  Folks get quite used to adsorbing multimedia that they
wouldn't have the
patience for at 56Kbit/sec.  (They also enjoy the reduced latency).
They may use
live services like streaming audio, or attempt to download movies.  All
these things
are *motivation* for people to migrate to "broadband" ISPs, which the
ISPs therefore like.
If all people did was send text email, there would be no "broadband" ISP
(And I'm not even considering gaming or realtime chat motivators, as I
know little about them.)
And you should know that, although oversubscribed, "on average" ISPs
have plenty of b/width.
Review your queueing theory.
The very things that Jack Valenti hates, broadband ISPs love.  And the
creative folks still
have their hands on the printing presses, so if there is a slowdown in
the rate of content generation,
it might only be in comparison to the last ~5 years, when a lot of
'pent-up' creative energy was expended
upon first exposure to the net.  However, the supply of whackos,
artists, editors, authors, and agitators
has not waned.
But yes, these currently largely benign (if monopolistic) ISPs -whatever
their speeds- are the weakest link, where state and corporate fascism
can exert control.
And Morloch: your replacing DNS (as a vulnerable point of
failure/control) is a good idea.  Of course,
AOL does this, with their own name space.  But without their tightly
herded masses, or access to the Root Servers
you'll have to write a browser plug-in, or background daemon that
modifies the resolver's behavior, or extendable resolver.  You could
append to Windows (et al) "hosts" file, and the normal resolver would
pick that up.  I'm surprised there are no attempts to do that, but then,
there's the Network (aka FAX) Effect operating here.  Does that
baptista.god fellow write code?

@_date: 2002-04-01 21:24:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Mil domestic invaders scheduled for citizens' target practice 
Boise to be test target for Marine snoops
                 From the National Desk
                 Published 3/30/2002 3:33 PM
                 BOISE, Idaho, March 30 (UPI) -- In a bid for a more
realistic training experience, Marine Corps
                 reconnaissance teams will attempt to evade nosey
neighbors and noisy dogs as they prowl the streets of
                 Boise in a mock infiltration exercise this spring.
                 The city and the Marines announced Friday that about
two-dozen leathernecks would attempt to infiltrate
                 Boise during practice intelligence-gathering missions
sometime between May 6 and 10.
                 Although the Marines routinely practice their craft in
mock urban settings on military bases, some skills
                 can only be honed in a genuine city.
                 "What happens in these urban training facilities is we
don't have dogs; we don't have garbage trucks driving
                 down the street and we don't have the rhythms that you
would see in your day-to-day life," Maj. Chandler
                 Hirsch told a news conference.
                 The scenario of the exercise conducted by the Marine
Corps Warfighting Laboratory calls for 24
                 reconnaissance-team members to fly to a National Guard
training facility outside Boise in late April. The
                 Marines will then attempt to slip into the city, spy on
specific targets and then get out of town unnoticed;
                 other Marines will act as enemy sentries guarding the
target buildings.
                 Hirsch said the Marines would be wearing military-style
clothing and would not be carrying loaded weapons.
                 They will also not go on to private property. The goal
is for the Marines to carry out their missions without
                 being noticed by Boise's 186,000 citizens.
                 A Marine will be assigned to the Ada County 911 center
to monitor any calls from suspicious residents, and
                 a Boise police officer will serve as an escort for each
team in the event a civilian who didn't get the word
                 attempts to intervene.
                 Such exercises by the military are not unusual. A
similar larger-scale exercise last month in North Little
                 Rock, Arkansas frightened some residents who came upon
armed troops skulking around their
                 neighborhoods.
                 An Army Special Forces soldier was shot to death and
another was wounded Feb. 23 during such a
                 surreptitious exercise when they jumped a Bragg County,
North Carolina deputy sheriff whom they thought
                 was a role-playing actor in an exercise.
                 Despite the chance of running into a citizen with a
shotgun or a snarling 100-pound Rottweiler, urban
                 exercises are seen as an important training tool,
particularly as the U.S. military finds itself increasingly
                 involved in chasing guerilla forces such as al Qaida.
                 "We are looking at the urban environment because we
know no military can beat the U.S. military in an
                 open battle space," said Jenny Holbert, spokeswoman for
the Marine Corps Warfighting Laboratory. "We
                 proved that in Desert Storm, but now there is an
increased likelihood our enemies will fight us in foreign
                 cities. Cities are complex, difficult environments
where our techniques may not be as effective."

@_date: 2002-04-01 21:31:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Census reveals personal data (privacy, why not to disclose 
National Archives Dusts off Personal Records From 1930 Census
Hall joined dozens of people Monday at the National Archives looking to
fill in the blanks of their family histories as privacy protection for
individual 1930 census records expired. The expiration, 72 years after
each census, allows people to see information beyond the dry statistics
typically available after the once-a-decade count.

@_date: 2002-04-05 19:26:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: mil disinfo on cryptome 
seemed to
badly on
Again, its not the anonymous info leaker, but its mil
author/proofreader, who is lame,
intentionally or not.  Of course, JY should be skeptical of all info
streaming by, like the
rest of us.
If you're properly removed all the trace acids from the nitrate...
An order of magnitude?  What are you smoking?  Or do you expect
to lick crystalline residues off the debris?
BTW, The Israelis have faced organophosphate-laced explosives, but the
generally don't do much (heat, dispersal..).  You're better off using
the van-space
to hold Al powder, or tanks of hydrogen or acetylene, if your explosive
has an oxygen surplus.

@_date: 2002-04-05 14:58:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: mil disinfo on cryptome 
Posse on
I don't think anyone has accused JY of intentional disinfo; he is
largely a librarian
--a very valuable one with enormous cajones-- not the author of the docs
in question.
Nor did anyone speak against the donor of said document.
What we did find worth remarking on is the lethal sloppiness in a doc
written by the
largest manufacturer-of-, deployer-of-, and trainer-about- explosives in
the world.

@_date: 2002-04-04 16:37:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: mil disinfo on cryptome 
If you
(Routers News Service) "Faustine", the false name for an agent
of the Cypherpunks Movement, which has been under surveillance by
the government for some time, was caught today near Federal buildings
driving a mobile platform containing: volitile hydrocarbons equivalent
to several pounds of TNT; sulphuric acid, used to make explosives; lead,
a toxic heavy metal; and various electrical timing elements.  The agent
also had a handheld
two-way radiophone and a computer containing encryption software.

@_date: 2002-04-04 00:14:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: mil disinfo on cryptome 
referenced on cryptome:
terrorists is Urea Nitrate (its components are urea, sulfuric acid,
nitric acid, and sodium cyanide). <<
As is well known, and used in execution chambers, mixing a cyanide salt
with an acid
releases HCN, a lethal blood gas.  Nitration of various materials (e.g.,
glyercin, etc.)
does not require cyanides, but only strong concentrations of H2SO4 and
This is anarchists-cookbook-style disinfo.

@_date: 2002-04-05 14:51:30
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: out of the box 
To prevent emotional disturbances when they fall into them
the Swedes fill them with water and call them fjords...

@_date: 2002-04-04 16:18:25
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Julia Child was a Spook (NPR report on chick-agents) 
[Ed: amusing that "sleeper agents" who infiltrated "occupied
territories" are
glorified by the winner of that conflict.. but when the US is the
occupier, the
resistance agents are "terrorists"..]
                      The Lady Was a Spy
                       Exhibit Presents the Untold Stories of Women in
                          Listen to Susan Stamberg's report.
                       April 4, 2002 -- During World War II, entertainer
Josephine Baker
                       helped the French Resistance by smuggling secret
information written
                       in invisible ink on her sheet music. Ironically,
Baker's fame made it
                       possible for her to complete her missions
unnoticed, Linda McCarthy,
                       curator of a new exhibition on female spies
throughout history, tells
                       NPR's Susan Stamberg on Morning Edition.
                                           Passport checkers were so
starstruck by
                                           Baker that they never
suspected she was
                                           a spy. As she toured Europe,
she and her
                                           entourage -- which included
                                           members of the resistance --
                                           allowed to pass through.
                                           "One thing about espionage,
at its peak it's
                                           an equal opportunity
                                           McCarthy says. "And there are
                                           quite frankly, where women
can get into
                                           situations where men can't."
                                           The National Women's History
                                           exhibit, Clandestine Women:
                                           Untold Stories of Women in
                                           also features the story of
another unlikely
                                           operative, Julia Child.
                                           Decades before becoming a
famous chef,
                                           she worked for the Office of
                                           Services. (The OSS was the
                                           to the CIA.) She was assigned
to solve a
                       problem for U.S. naval forces during World War
II: Sharks would
                       bump into explosives that were placed underwater,
setting them off
                       and warning the German U-boats they were intended
to sink.
                       "So... Julia Child and a few of her male
compatriots got together and
                       literally cooked up a shark repellent," that was
used to coat the
                       explosives, McCarthy says.

@_date: 2002-04-05 15:08:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Small Arms Failure in Afghan (caliberpunks) 
Yes, disabling someone drains the enemy's resources more than killing
them outright.
But generally when firing at someone the idea is to stop them from
doing what they're doing, ASAP.  This is done by reducing the hydraulic
supply to their brain, the nervous system itself being too small a
target to aim for.
True for snipers, but if you're being shot at and have inadequate cover,
I bet your opinion would change.
So he gets another chance to kill you.  Or drop another mortar down
the tube.  Or boobytrap his body.  Not a good plan.
Only you won't hit him twice because your muzzle is flying around.
The soldiers who are complaining should be able to obtain
AKs (7.62mm), which use a more penetrating projectile, fairly easily
over there :-)

@_date: 2002-04-05 19:30:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: US troops wanted, dead or alive: InfoWar, PSYOPs 
Cash Offered for Dead Westerners
   Fri Apr 5, 1:25 PM ET
   By MICHELLE BOORSTEIN, Associated Press Writer
   BAGRAM, Afghanistan - Al-Qaida and Taliban forces are distributing
pamphlets that offer rewards
   for dead or captured Westerners and threaten Afghans who support the
U.S.-led coalition, U.S. Army
   officials said Friday.
Maj. Iris Hurd said leaflets have been found in the last few weeks that
$50,000 for a Westerner delivered dead and $100,000 for one who is
Hmm, that's about 5x what Union Carbide paid for dead Bhopal Indians...
but a real bargain compared
to many US wrongful-death lawsuits.  What kind of payback does the USG
pay to families of deceased soldiers?
Then again, the USG promised the Pakis a third of a trillion and only
got a handful of live ones..
Got Osama?

@_date: 2002-04-05 22:05:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Burning Man: Next Al Qaeda Target 
MTV bought Burning Man(tm),
so now that there will be TV cameras, its a great target, if a bit
dispersed.  30K folks,
no metal detectors, and wide dispersion of any infectious diseases.  And
under a layer
of mud, we all look the same.

@_date: 2002-04-26 14:41:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
Yep.  I misremembered the model.  The importance of curved walls is
only in abstract-billiards with point-balls.  Otherwise, analytically,
you get
into fixed sequences with flat walls.  Pong-like games can demonstrate
Its all about, as you said, the effect of divergence on initial
These are unavoidable *empirical* sources of uncertainty; the above
gedankenbilliards & divergence addresses *analytic* magnification of
Much more finesse than your 'cutting the crap out of packaging
materials' trick...
"Time-machine inventor reports that his stepping on a butterfly in
Brazil averted
a Chinese cyclone..."
To track one (odor) molecule's position into the future, you'd need
more information (about the other molecules it interacts with) the
farther you
want to predict in time.
Jim Bell was just doing physics-of-computation experiments in IRS

@_date: 2002-04-25 14:45:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
Predictability gets much worse if one of the walls of a pool-table is
then the uncertainty in a perfectly-round ball's momentum is
magnified after reflection, compared to a pool-table of 3 or more
flat walls.
You may have meant to imply this --if spherical balls
hit other balls the uncertainty is similarly magnified-- but its worth
noting the difference in predictability between flat and curved-wall
abstract billiards.
There is a fascinating demo-photograph that shows reflections off
4 stacked steel balls is a classical fractal.
Exactly.  This is why some of us severe quantum skeptics still accept
atomic-level generated uncertainty (resistor, junction, radioactive)
and the entropy harvested therefrom.
Lorentz' weather-sim was deterministic, but screwing up a small decimal
as he retyped something totally hosed his expected results ---that's the

@_date: 2002-04-21 17:00:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation: Q for Eugene 
What is a "provably strong" PRNG?  Strong against what?
If I'm supposed to know this, and have forgotten it, a
pointer will suffice.  I know what the attacks are for a crypto-strong
Its quite easy to generate apparently-random (ie, PRNGs) from
block ciphers being fed, say, integers, or their own output, etc.
These can be made small and fast in hardware.  Large families of
these can be constructed e.g. by varying bits e.g., in Blowfish's
S-tables, etc.

@_date: 2002-04-22 15:30:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Biometrics helping privacy: excerpt from Salon article on 
Occasionally a new piece of hardware comes along that initially stumps
Stenhouse mentions one of the newer Thumb Drives. "There's one that
requires a thumbprint
onto the Thumb Drive itself. They have a pad where you actually have to
put your thumb on
it when you plug it in. Well, right now if you gave me one I would have
to ponder how to
forensically gather the data off it."
Lee Tydlaska has been pondering Thumb Drives, too. "In the porn area,
where are they
gonna store their pictures? Well, they can store them on these and not
even have to have it
in their computers. They're easily destroyed and easily overlooked."
[Combine this with built-in disk encryption/ autowiping and the ability
to use good passwords..
and you've got a nice Cypherpunk Labs (tm) -approved project.]

@_date: 2002-05-25 17:23:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Geopolitical Snuff Film, 2002; Rating: 3 jets 
NB: KaZaa has versions in .asf, .mpg, and .ram copied from the net.
Some of the web sites mentioned in the Wired article are still up, so
historians, archivists, librarians, spooks, professors, reporters, and
academic-jihadi can check out the film from there --or can receive
upon request anonymous copies if the web sites find a black boot
stomping their face, forever.
The film contains political messages which the government doesn't want
you to hear: americans are toast in pakistan because of their
government's middle-eastern
interference.  Hardly surprising.  No hostility towards democracy,
freedom, or Brittney Spears.
They use rolling-text to print their concerns in english, and use simple
so they have some video-production facility.  They also want their F-16s
that they paid for (and never got), which is the only comic relief in
the film.
Pearl looks dead already when they sever his neck.  (Cf the "Russian
soldier snuff film")
He doesn't look stressed when he talks about his jewish and Israeli
ties, though of course
he's been kidnapped and is under duress.
Released 2002, originally in PAL format
Producers: Pakistani Islamic Jihad, LLP
Rating: Not yet rated.  Some decapitation (on par with any surgery web
site) no drugs, no foul language.
Actors: Daniel Pearl, unknown Jehadi staff
Cameos by various dead palestinians babies
No, I don't know that unbelievers should be considered as
citizens, nor should they be considered patriots. This is one nation
Allah. -GW Bush

@_date: 2002-05-24 22:42:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Joe Sixpack doesn't run Linux 
Hmm, didn't Sircam do a bit of that?  But it sent files, not your entire
mail spool; and it didn't try too hard to broadcast (it could have
forwarded a copy to usenet in addition to your contacts).  Not sure if
disk-encryption would have helped; it just would
have sent one of the open (cleartext) files.  Sircam forwarding a saved,
encrypted email would have been harmless modulo traffic analysis.
To encourage WiFi encryption you could use a high-gain antenna and
anonymously (re) broadcast traffic you found.  And publicize the site.
Don't do
this too early during deployment or you'll stunt the early growth.

@_date: 2002-05-24 20:11:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: have you got a license for that A to D converter? 
Amazing how the fates are turning yesterday's black humor into reality..
Reminds me of some others getting ghabberflasted too:
---Stanton McCandlish (on some other e-atrocity-law/powergrab)
---"Black Unicorn" on DCMA bust of Russian reverse engineer of Adobe
And various things others have said about draining the Potomoc swamps...

@_date: 2002-05-07 15:41:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | First, Do No Harm - A Hippocratic Oath for 
First, Do No Harm - A Hippocratic Oath for Coders?
"With the increase in spyware, spam, etc, is
it time for a Hippocratic Oath for Programmers? Should
programmers be able to refuse to write code that harms the
public more than it helps? Should they code defensively to prevent
and information being misused for unintended purposes? And how do we
protect such programmers from being dismissed unfairly for standing on
Goddamn teenagers posting again.  They don't seem to get it: "harm" is
not as easily measurable as it is for physicians.  Dorothy
idea of social harm vs. John Gilmore's, for instance.
Obviously anyone with any self-respect is going to avoid jobs that are
offensive to them.  Problem is, you don't foresee and don't control all
uses of your work.  And of course, this is only for self-respect: the
job will still
get done by someone with different morals, or more hungry.
Only way to really control an original idea is to not publish, and
then, your control only lasts until someone else comes up with the idea.

@_date: 2002-05-02 22:06:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: college roomates a national in/security threat 
Choice quote:
"The more subtle but less obvious dilemma is of a student who may room
with a
person who is an American student ... in a sensitive area," said Harpel,
organization represents 213 public universities in every state in the
US colleges complain of anti-terror laws
In a little-noticed anti-terror initiative, the George W. Bush
administration is trying to get colleges and universities to stop some
foreign students from studying sensitive subjects. Educators fear
they're being dragged into academic censorship.
 "We have a responsibility to work with the government, and we're ready
to do so, but we're afraid of being turned into course police," said
Terry Hartle, senior vice president of the American Council on
Education, which represents 1,800 public and private colleges.
 The issue arose in October when Bush directed the government to
prohibit certain international students from receiving "education and
training in sensitive areas" involving the "development and use of
weapons of mass destruction."
 The White House Office of Science and Technology Policy is working with
federal agencies to "identify sensitive courses of study."
 A White House Fact Sheet issued with the presidential directive
ordering the studies said: "A goal of the program is to prohibit the
education and training of foreign nationals who would use their training
to harm the United States and its allies."
 Academic leaders say they are being largely shut out of what has become
an internal government debate.
 "They've got law enforcement agencies and national security and
intelligence agencies who want to be more restrictive, and they have
research and science and technology officials who are trying to explain
how academic research works," said George Leventhal, policy analyst with
the Association of American Universities. The group represents 63
universities heavily involved in scientific research.
 Other nations are beginning to train more of their homegrown
scientists, but the US remains a major destination for academics seeking
advanced scientific or engineering degrees. A National Science
Foundation report says the percentage of foreign-born scientists and
engineers is growing at all degree levels in America, with the highest
ratio, 45 percent, in engineering.
 The White House says the government wants to work with the academic
 "Recommendations that will come out of the interagency working group
will include the academic and science community being consulted on the
finer points of any final response," Kathryn Harrington, a spokeswoman
for the White House Office of Science and Technology, said Tuesday.
 Academic groups see more questions than answers.
 "Once a student is granted a visa and tries to change from organic
chemistry to biochemistry, what are we supposed to do? Move them out?"
said Richard Harpel, director of federal relations for the National
Association of State Universities and Land Grant Colleges.
 "The more subtle but less obvious dilemma is of a student who may room
with a person who is an American student ... in a sensitive area," said
Harpel, whose organization represents 213 public universities in every
state in the country.
 An electronic tracking system to be in place by the end of the year is
supposed to enable instant communication between the government and
academic officials so the State Department and the Immigration and
Naturalization Service are notified of any change in a student's visa
 Changing college majors, leaving school, taking a job or getting
married all involve changes in visa status.

@_date: 2002-05-09 21:27:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: another reason to avoid airbus: surveillance 
Airbus, the European jet manufacturer, is planning to build concealed
cameras into the light fittings above the seats in its aircraft. The
idea is to let the crew monitor passengers and spot hijackers before
they strike. The cameras also work in the dark.
The move is part of an attempt to reassure people who have been
frightened off flying since the 11 September attacks.
At an airline technology conference in Prague last week, a delegate from
the VALK Foundation said that before 11 September, none of the 4000
people it has helped to overcome their fear of flying had ever cited
hijacking as the root of their fear. But since then it has become the
main fear for a third of its clients.
The industry hopes that well-publicised improvements in airline security
will quell passengers' fears. Airbus, working with American aerospace
technology company Goodrich, thinks the best strategy is to let
passengers know that everyone is being watched by hidden cameras.
Infrared image
One plan Airbus is considering, says the firm's cabin security expert
Rolf Gvdecke, involves hiding a tiny camera inside the light fittings
above each passenger seat, surrounded by a ring of infrared LEDs. The
cameras will normally work with ambient light, but switch to infrared
when the cabin is dark.
Black-and-white images captured by the cameras will be fed to screens in
the cockpit via the cables used to distribute pictures to seat-back
video screens. Although only some lights will have cameras, potential
terrorists will not know which ones.
A less ambitious system, which Airbus is now fitting to all its new
planes, will monitor the area behind the cockpit door. Under new rules,
cockpit doors are being reinforced to protect the flight-deck crew from
attackers. But they still need to open the door to get to the toilets
and to let cabin crew members bring them meals and drinks. So Airbus is
putting three overhead cameras with wide-angle lenses around the cockpit
door to send pictures to an LCD screen in the cockpit.

@_date: 2002-05-31 17:31:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: How can i check the authenticity of a private key 
You generate a key-pair, then you decide which half to keep
You publish the other half, where publish means gives to
known associates.  Or if you like encrypted spam, you
publish to a well-known repository.
You may repeat this and use different key-pairs with different
groups of correspondents.
Yes: encrypt a message using KeyA and decrypt with KeyB.  If it
decrypts, they are matching.  Or you are extraordinarily unlucky :-)
Generally the wrong key will decrypt to noise.
Also is there some tool
Tools might include self-integrity info (CRCs, hashes, etc.) in
their file formats; YMMV.  If any bits in either half of the key
data are changed, you lose.

@_date: 2002-06-30 16:23:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: videotaping = liar & cheat? 
First, What's your point?  This list does not require that participants
agree with anyone else's sense of ethics.  This list often considers the
effect of tech on civilization, but you are not required to endorse
(or recognize, or scorn) civilization.  This list often discusses
ethics by themselves, but nothing is taken for granted, and the
may be a little frightened by this.
Second, it is quite clear, even to contract-law/laissez-faire types like
myself, that
some DRM-interested companies are attempting to use the law
to remove some rights from consumers (about gadgets and bits and RF).
Many of us have a maniacally dim view of such manipulation.
Third, if you don't get understand why some people are driven
to understand technology, you should probably go back to your TV.
And you don't sue someone for what users of their product do.

@_date: 2002-06-28 19:27:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Judge strikes law citing  'terrorist' groups 
Judge strikes law citing  'terrorist' groups
                      By Ben Barber
                      THE WASHINGTON TIMES
                           A U.S. law authorizing the State Department
to designate
                      groups as "terrorist" and which allows those who
                      them to be prosecuted has been declared
unconstitutional by
                      a federal judge, throwing U.S. anti-terrorism
strategies into
                      disarray.
                           A U.S. official who has been
                      dealing with the issue said
                      yesterday there will be "serious
                      problems" if the decision stands on
                      appeal. The U.S. government
                      could no longer use the existing
                      law to prosecute those who give
                      "material support" to groups on the
                      list such as Hamas, al Qaeda,
                      Islamic Jihad and Hezbollah.
                           U.S. District Judge Robert M.
                      Takasugi in Los Angeles ruled
                      against the Justice Department in
                      the little-noticed decision last
                      week, declaring the 1996 law
                      "unconstitutional on its face" since
                      it does not allow the suspect groups to challenge
the terrorist
                      designation.

@_date: 2002-06-24 13:51:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: sins of the fathers (brothers, sisters, etc) 
On Israel's decision to deport families of martyrs:
A Palestinian legislator, Salah Tamari, called deporting families "an
unlawful and inhuman measure. Why should somebody be accountable for
someone elses actions?
Someone needs to clue Tamari into the US court-approved practices
in welfare cages: families are tossed for the indiscretions of
if the indiscretions involve pharmaceuticals.
Pharms, nitrates, whatever.
But then, the US is becoming Israel, why not a bit of the reverse?
And the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air,
Gave proof thro' the night that Osama was still there.

@_date: 2002-06-23 15:25:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: anonymous cooperation is stable if opting out possible 
the fundamental problems in biology and social sciences.
not repeated often enough or groups are too large. Punishment
traced and identified. Here we present a simple but effective
foil exploiters and overcome the social dilemma. In
coexist. We show that this result holds under very diverse
usually not to an equilibrium but to an unending cycle of
participation offers an escape hatch out of some social traps.
repeated, defectors remain anonymous, players have no
A-1090 Vienna, Austria.
University Boulevard, Vancouver, BC, Canada V6T 1Z4.
Lyngby, Denmark.
Laxenburg, Austria.

@_date: 2002-06-21 17:51:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Brinworld: NYT on stabilized cameras (For the Spy in the Sky, 
For the Spy in the Sky, New Eyes
FLYING in his helicopter, Sgt. Frank Sheer of the Orange County
Sheriff's Department in Southern California can be literally miles from
the action. But that does not mean that he and his co-pilot do not know
what's going on. In fact, Sergeant Sheer says they often have a clearer
picture of a crime scene than the officers who are there.
"We'll be tracking a suspect on a hillside from the helicopter," said
Sergeant Sheer, the chief pilot in the Orange County force, "and the
deputies climbing up it will be saying to us, `There's nobody here.'
We've actually had them step on a guy who pulled up a bush for cover."
It's not just having a bird's-eye view that gives Sergeant Sheer and
many other airborne police officers, rescue workers, military personnel,
and television news and movie crews almost paranormal vision. Nor is it
simply advances in optics and cameras. Ultimately they all rely on
complex camera stabilization systems that mix mechanical and electronic
technologies to produce steady images, even at high magnification, from
inherently unsteady craft like helicopters and boats.
When officers pursued O. J. Simpson along the freeways of Los Angeles
eight years ago, a covey of police and television news helicopters
tracked him with stabilized cameras hanging at the sides in their
distinctive ball-shaped pods. But most helicopter surveillance is not
that dramatic. If the Orange County Sheriff's Department needs a car
discreetly followed, Sergeant Sheer can keep tabs on it from 3,000 feet
up and a considerable distance behind  a position that would leave most
motorists unaware there was a helicopter around, let alone watching
New systems built around all-electronic motion-sensing technologies are
so stable that only the horizon and haze limit how far away observers
can be.
The use of airborne stabilized cameras to create films or follow
athletes in action attracts little controversy. Nor does anyone dispute
that the systems allow police officers to capture criminals or rescue
people. Some privacy advocates, however, are concerned that the recent
proliferation of airborne cameras and the growing capabilities of new
systems may mean that anyone who steps outside may unknowingly be a
target of an aerial eye. Outdoors, there may no longer be any place to
"Because technology affords police what amounts to superhuman vision,
that doesn't mean we lose all expectations of privacy," said Barry
Steinhardt, the director of the American Civil Liberties Union's program
on technology and liberty. "There are lots of innocent people who are
going to have their privacy invaded  observed naked in their backyard
sunbathing from far away."
There is a long history of efforts to produce steady airborne pictures.
But in the early years, the results were for the most part dismal.
Steven Poster, the president of the American Society of
Cinematographers, recalls his first attempt at photography from a
helicopter, in the late 1960's. "It was an Illinois State Fair, and the
stabilization came from a rope tied around me to the helicopter," Mr.
Poster recalled. "I quickly realized that this was not a very good
While more sophisticated systems existed back then, they did not differ
much from Mr. Poster's rope. Known as side mounts, they generally relied
on bungee cords and the user's body to isolate the camera.
By the 1980's Mr. Poster was a director of photography for feature films
and television advertisements, and he had found an answer to his aerial
photography problems with a system made by Wescam, a company now based
in Burlington, Ontario.
"It's the best way to stabilize a camera," said Mr. Poster, who has used
the system in films like "Stuart Little 2," which is to be released this
The Wescam system used by Mr. Poster's film crews is remarkably similar
to the original Wescam developed in the early 1960's by a Canadian
subsidiary of Westinghouse as a battlefield surveillance tool for the
Canadian military. (Wescam is short for Westinghouse camera.)
Eliminating the vibration from the helicopter was the first step and the
easy part. The Wescam ball is attached to a helicopter or airplane
through a shock absorber that uses springs and other damping materials.
"It is tuned for the natural frequencies of helicopters," said Mark
Chamberlain, a mechanical engineer who is president and chief executive
of Wescam.
But eliminating the vibration does nothing to limit three other kinds of
movement by the camera: pitch (plunging up and down), yaw (rotating
around a vertical axis) and roll (the side-to-side rotation that creates
a moving horizon).
To deal with these kinds of movements, inventors of the original Wescam
turned to large gyroscopes, which create inertia. It is like strapping a
large boulder to the camera to stabilize it, yet without all the weight
that a boulder would add.
Inside the camera ball are three gyros oriented to offset each of the
three types of unwanted motion. Motors attached to the camera mount
allow an operator within the helicopter to view images from the camera
on a video monitor and point the camera as needed.
The gyro stabilization system proved so steady that it has not
significantly changed over the last three decades. But the system has
one significant drawback: the gyros require frequent maintenance.

@_date: 2002-06-20 16:40:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: legislators needing killing: trace = no BoRights 
Listen to "electronic dance music", lose your right to freely assemble.
BILL NUMBER: AB 1941    AMENDED
        BILL TEXT
        AMENDED IN ASSEMBLY  MAY 15, 2002
        AMENDED IN ASSEMBLY  APRIL 4, 2002
INTRODUCED BY   Assembly Member Havice
                        FEBRUARY 14, 2002
   An act to add Section 53087.6 to the Government Code, relating to
law enforcement.
        LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL'S DIGEST
   AB 1941, as amended, Havice.  Rave parties:  permits.
   (1) Existing law requires notification of law enforcement of the
issuance of a permit for an upcoming event in limited instances such
as the holding of a certified farmers market.
   This bill would require a local permit granting authority to
notify the local law enforcement agency when it is considering
granting a permit for a rave party, as defined.  The bill would
require the local authority to require the promoter to present
evidence that the promoter is sufficiently knowledgeable about
illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia to recognize their presence at
the event.  The bill would require the promoter  to apply for any
required permit not less than 30 days prior to the event and  ,
prior to the issuance of the permit, to acknowledge in writing that
he or she or his or her agents will not permit, condone, or ignore
violations of state and local laws regarding the presence,
possession, sale, or use of drugs and drug paraphernalia at any event
covered by the permit.  The bill would create a state-mandated local
program by imposing new duties on local agencies.
  (2) The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse
local agencies and school districts for certain costs mandated by the
state.  Statutory provisions establish procedures for making that
reimbursement, including the creation of a State Mandates Claims Fund
to pay the costs of mandates that do not exceed $1,000,000 statewide
and other procedures for claims whose statewide costs exceed
   This bill would provide that, if the Commission on State Mandates
determines that the bill contains costs mandated by the state,
reimbursement for those costs shall be made pursuant to these
statutory provisions.
   Vote:  majority.  Appropriation:  no.  Fiscal committee:  yes.
State-mandated local program:  yes.
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA DO ENACT AS FOLLOWS:
  SECTION 1.  Section 53087.6 is added to the Government Code, to
   53087.6.  (a) As used in this section, "rave party" means any
electronic music dance event of the type commonly referred to as rave
parties that may be attended by 500 or more persons.
   (b)  In any jurisdiction where a permit is required, the
promoter of a rave party shall apply to the local permit granting
authority for a permit not less than 30 days prior to the scheduled
event and, at the same time, shall notify the local law enforcement
agency having jurisdiction over the venue of the proposed event.  The
promoter shall include in the permit application a list of all
applications that the promoter has submitted for a permit to conduct
a rave party within the previous 12-month period.  The promoter shall
include an affirmative statement that the promoter understands that
the listing of previous applications is correct to the best of the
promoter's knowledge and that submission of false and misleading
information may be grounds for denial of a current and future
   (c)  Any local permit granting authority shall notify the
local law enforcement agency having jurisdiction over the proposed
location of the event when it is considering whether or not to grant
a permit for a rave party.  The permit granting authority shall also
require the promoter of the event to present evidence before the
issuance of the permit showing that the promoter is sufficiently
knowledgeable about illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia that they or
their agents can recognize the presence of drugs and drug
paraphernalia at the event.
   (c)
   (d)  Prior to the issuance of the permit, the promoter of the
rave party shall acknowledge in writing that he or she or his or her
agents will not permit, condone, or ignore violations of state and
local laws regarding the presence, possession, sale, or use of drugs
and drug paraphernalia at any event covered by the permit.
  SEC. 2.  Notwithstanding Section 17610 of the Government Code, if
the Commission on State Mandates determines that this act contains
costs mandated by the state, reimbursement to local agencies and
school districts for those costs shall be made pursuant to Part 7
(commencing with Section 17500) of Division 4 of Title 2 of the
Government Code.  If the statewide cost of the claim for
reimbursement does not exceed one million dollars ($1,000,000),
reimbursement shall be made from the State Mandates Claims Fund.

@_date: 2002-06-17 17:24:10
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Bill of Rights vandalism, supremes don't ride busses 
Given this degradation of the Bill of Rights, it would be pretty cool to
put stickers on bus seats, or in bus-stops, reminding people --whether
citizens or not, and regardless of their albedo-- of their rights.
Of course, this would be considered vandalism.
Writing the Bill of Rights was treason at the time, of course.
Supreme Court Rules on Bus Searches
                Mon Jun 17,12:32 PM ET
                By GINA HOLLAND, Associated Press Writer
                WASHINGTON (AP) - The Supreme Court ruled Monday that
                who want to look for drugs or evidence of other crimes
do not have to
                first inform public transportation passengers of their
legal rights.
                The ruling gives police guidance on how to approach and
                passengers, a case with renewed interest as officers
seek out possible
                terrorists on public transportation.
                The case focused on the difference between police
questioning on a bus
                and in a less confining environment, such as a sidewalk.
In both
                instances, police would need permission or probable
cause to search
                someone, but the justices rejected arguments that
passengers, confined
                to small spaces, might feel coerced to go along.
                The court ruled 6-3 that officers in Tallahassee, Fla.,
were within their
                rights as they questioned and searched two men aboard a
                bus in 1999.
                Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, writing for the majority,
said the
                passengers did not have to be told that they didn't have
to cooperate.
                The Bush administration invoked the war on terrorism in
asking the
                Supreme Court to get involved in the case, but the court
majority did
                not specifically refer to that argument. Kennedy did
note that public
                transportation riders understand the risks from
potential criminals in their
                midst.
                "Bus passengers answer officers' questions and otherwise
cooperate not
                because of coercion, but because the passengers know
that their
                participation enhances their own safety and the safety
of those around
                them," Kennedy wrote.
                Three officers boarded the bus, bound from Fort
Lauderdale to Detroit.
                One officer introduced himself to Christopher Drayton
and Clifton
                Brown, and told them he was looking for illegal drugs
and weapons.
                He asked to pat down the men's baggy clothing. The men
agreed, and
                officers felt hard objects on the men's legs that turned
out to be packets
                of cocaine.
                "It is beyond question that had this encounter occurred
on the street, it
                would be constitutional. The fact that an encounter
takes place on a bus
                does not on its own transform standard police
questioning of citizens
                into an illegal seizure," Kennedy wrote for the court.
                On the street, the person being stopped could simply
refuse to
                cooperate and keep walking. Unless police had good
reason to pursue
                the person further, they would be free to go.
                Drayton and Brown argued that they did not have the same
option while seated on the bus. They were
                convicted and sentenced on drug charges.
                The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ( news - web
sites) ruled the cocaine should not have been
                admitted as evidence, because the officers failed to
tell the men they were not required to cooperate.
                That court said the encounter violated the
Constitution's ban on unreasonable searches and seizures.
                Monday's ruling overturns that decision.
                In a dissent, Justice David H. Souter said that three
officers "pinned-in" passengers on the stopped bus.
                "The situation is like the one in the alley, with
civilians in close quarters unable to move effectively,
                being told their cooperation is expected," wrote Souter,
who was joined by Justices John Paul Stevens
                ( news - web sites) and Ruth Bader Ginsburg ( news - web
                He said because of terrorist concerns, airplane
passengers know they must submit to searches.
                "The commonplace precautions of air travel have not,
thus far, been justified for ground transportation,"
                Souter wrote.
                Donna Shea, legal director of the National Organization
for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, said police
                will use the ruling as justification for aggressive
                "I think police will continue intimidating passengers,"
she said. The ruling "gives bus passengers a lesser
                expectation of privacy. I think that's
                The case is United States v. Drayton, 01-631.

@_date: 2002-06-10 10:05:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Brinworld meets the camelshaggers: Phonecams in Arabia 
Saudi voyeurs like new cell phone-cameras
                                     SPECIAL TO WORLD TRIBUNE.COM
                  Sunday, June 9, 2002
                  ABU DHABI  Saudi Arabia is being urged to ban a new
cellular phone that can
                  be used to take digital photographs.
                  The reason: Saudi men have been reported to use the
high tech phones to
                  surreptitiously photograph women.
                  Religious police have already confiscated shipments of
the new cellular phones.
                  Officials said Saudi women had complained that young
Saudi men were slipping
                  the devices into facilities reserved for women and
secretly taking photographs,
                  Middle East Newsline reported.
                     Small Business Opportunity: Special offer for
WorldTribune readers
                  Religious police chief Ibrahim Al Ghaith, has urged
the kingdom to ban the
                  phones. The phones are being distributed by numerous
dealers, including Saudi
                  Ericsson, where they are said to be a popular item
among Saudi men.
                  Saudi officials do not expect a decision to ban the
cellular phones.
                  They are capable of taking more than 280 digital
photographs and cost more than
                  $400.
                  One concern is that Saudi men have slipped the
cellular phones into wedding halls
                  reserved for women. Saudi Arabia is a segregated
society and women in public are
                  completely covered by a veil and robe.

@_date: 2002-06-06 20:34:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Tech lay communication: "IDS", "Patch," "Legislativermin" 
Intercepted a live broadcast of a CA state board on privacy reviewing
some breaching of a state comptroller's servers which manage
state deductions.  The "Teale Data Center" incident alluded to at
and at the gnarly URL:
One of the clueless legislativermin just couldn't understand how an IDS
can tell that a system's been probed ("700,000 times a month") if it
wasn't breached.  And the
hapless bureaucratechs failed to explain the simple explanation:
that to probe, the system must
be contacted via the network, and that contact is logged.  Maybe they
should have simply said "doorknob-checks" vs. "breakins".
The same legislator had serious cognitive difficulty with the concept
of a software patch.  The more clueful failed to explain its like
letting an author
have another pass over a book.  They can fix little things, or rip
and replace chapters; the risk (and reason patches aren't instantly,
blindly installed)
being this can break the ways you've relied on the book.
It was so tragic it was comic.
Give away the backplane, sell the blades

@_date: 2002-06-06 20:28:01
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: I got your secure documents right here, bub 
On April 9, the City and County of Denver Vital Records
Office was robbed of over 2,300 sheets of preprinted
security paper that can be used to create birth and death
certificates.  In addition, the electronic seal machine
that produces an embossed seal of the City and County of
Denver was stolen.

@_date: 2002-06-06 14:05:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: tracking tech: J. Bell-like vehicle tracker used by locals, 
Investigators had a list of 20 possible suspects, but Fischer was moved
to the top. Detectives said
they attached a tracking device to her car, hoping to catch her in the
On Sunday, more than 30 razor blades were found hidden in Alicia Park in
Mission Viejo. Had
Fischer been there, the tracking device should have recorded her visit
to the park. But the device

@_date: 2002-06-03 22:56:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Anthrax, barbed wired gags, stinkin' in Tennessee 
Something stinks in Tenn, and its not the Gores this time:
Among his recent cases was the death of Harvard University biologist Don
Wiley, whose fall from a Memphis bridge in December fueled fears of
terrorist kidnappings. The medical examiner also helped identify the
body of Katherine Smith, 49, who was found burned beyond recognition in
February the day before a hearing on federal charges of helping five
Middle Eastern men obtain fake driver's licenses.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - Medical examiner O.C. Smith, who has worked on some of
the city's most puzzling deaths, is at the center of another perplexing
case: He was attacked over the weekend, bound with barbed wire and left
with a bomb tied to his body.
The spooks are getting careless in Tenn.   First they do the
car-accident/injection thing with a
anthrax-saavy microbiologist, who floats up 300 mi away, then a
DMV-weenie-roast, now games
with the coroner?   What, was he going to tell?

@_date: 2002-06-06 22:26:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
Mr. Elloi wrote first about the fashion for "valve" audio amps and then
mentioned that some yahoos listen with Dolby emphesis.  I commented that
the latter was
for the old deaf.  This is unrelated to the fashion for valves.
I don't think the
Yes, in the linear part of their operation.  But its the *distortion*
(large signal
behavior) which differs ---tubes distort differently when "overdriven".
I believe
the difference when driven with a square wave is that tubes have a more
RC-like output function, vs. a sharper (faster slew) transistor
One little known fact is that humans actually prefer a small amount of
in their listening.  The THD of amps with a lot of decimal-zeroes, is a
good technical spec (easily
attainable, cheaply, nowadays), but is totally a marketing scam.  First
you can't hear the difference
between .01 and .001 % THD, and second you prefer ~ .1%
Now back to your regularly scheduled decay of civilization..

@_date: 2002-06-06 20:06:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
Jeezum, how old *are* you?   We haven't called vacuum tubes 'valves' for
time..  Must get tiresome carting around the Leyden jar condensers for
your differential
just like
Yeah, old farts who've toasted the thin end of their cochleas... :-)

@_date: 2002-06-08 14:16:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: PGP and Speak Freely (fwd) 
[stuff y'all knew but for the record]
Basically the authors of the below post find that Speak Freely's
reliance on out-of-band symmetric key exchange is solved with PGP email.
PGPfone does this for you over the same channel --using the
mathemiracle of public-key crypto.  Since you're both
necessarily online, it can and does use Diffie-Hellman instead of RSA.
It does not save the negotiated key pair so if no endpoint is taping,
conversation is lost to the wind.
Speak Freely is a nice piece of work, however compared to PGPfone
it 1. requires OOB key exchange 2. isn't supported on Macs FWIW.
I don't recall if SF works both ways, but PGPfone supports both IP
and direct modem to modem links.
(Just for completeness, anyone researching the field should evaluate
Nautilus too.)
they'd of
key or

@_date: 2002-07-23 17:10:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: IP, brinworld, censorship: Tipper Whore filmer attacked by 
Even before the big dust-up at the Tipper Gore appearance, Ben Wetmore
was a gadfly of some notoriety at American University. The poli-sci
major from Texas had elbowed his way into the ranks of student
government but ended up getting impeached after a dispute with fellow
Then he started a Web journal devoted to criticizing and lampooning
campus leaders -- particularly President Benjamin Ladner, whose stately
home and car Wetmore took to photographing and posting on his site as
evidence of what he saw as administrative extravagance.
"He's kind of like a Matt Drudge, but more immature," a fellow student
politician said of Wetmore.
Wetmore had a pretty shaky relationship with the administration by April
8, when the former vice president's wife went to speak at the campus.
Wetmore brought his video camera, suspicious that Gore was drawing a
large fee and reasoning that "there should at least be a record of her
being here," he said.
Midway through her speech, campus police officers approached Wetmore and
demanded that he hand over the tape. After a scuffle, he was arrested
and sent to a campus disciplinary panel, which placed him on probation
and removed him from his elected office as dorm president. Among the
charges: theft of Gore's intellectual property by videotaping her
The case has outraged free speech watchdogs and civil libertarians, who
say the university's claim is a flimsy attempt to stifle Wetmore's
journalistic freedom. They say campus officials singled out Wetmore for
excessive enforcement and punishment, and denied him a fair hearing,
because of his political views.
"The idea that a student videotaping a public event would be taken
outside, pinned to the ground and handcuffed, [then] be accused of an
intellectual property violation is shocking," said Greg C. Luckianoff, a
staff member with the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, a
Philadelphia-based advocacy group that has hired a lawyer for Wetmore.
"This was just plain thuggishness."
American University officials say that they were protecting Gore's
rights while preserving order in the auditorium and that Wetmore
escalated the situation by refusing to comply with campus police.
"We have our conduct code, and we expect students to adhere to it," Dean
of Students Faith C. Leonard said. "If there are violations, they will
be adjudicated by an impartial hearing body."
Wetmore's supporters say the school's actions are part of a trend of
colleges using restrictive discipline to silence critics. This spring at
West Virginia University, administrators attempted to corral protests in
designated "free speech zones." At the University of California at San
Diego, administrators briefly charged student journalists with
"disruption" for taking photos at a public meeting.
The debate echoes the political correctness battles of the 1980s and
1990s, when campus administrators tried to ban hate speech and some
conservatives complained of an academic climate that shouted down their
voices. The Wetmore case, though, might be driven less by ideology than
by something noted by another of his supporters: "He's annoying."
Wetmore said his interest in Gore's speech, which included a
presentation of her published photos, was prompted by a rumor that the
campus was paying her tens of thousands of dollars. College sources
would not disclose the fee, although they say it was much less.
"If we're going to spend so much to have her talk, let's tape it so that
people who aren't there can see it," Wetmore said last week.
At Gore's speech, he sat in the bleachers toward the back of Bender
Arena. An organizer announced at the start that flash photography was
prohibited but said nothing about videotaping, so Wetmore set the camera
on his lap and started it rolling.
Campus officials were disturbed when they spotted the camera -- Gore's
contract with the university stipulated that her presentation could not
be recorded. According to documents from Wetmore's disciplinary hearing,
an officer was sent to tell Wetmore to stop taping and go to the lobby.
Wetmore refused. Another officer joined them, but Wetmore refused to
leave or relinquish his tape. The confrontation started to distract the
audience, according to university documents.
A third officer arrived, and Wetmore agreed to go to the lobby. But when
he refused to hand over the tape, a scuffle erupted. Wetmore says he was
pushed against a wall, threatened with Mace, pushed to the floor and
After about an hour at the campus public safety office, he was released

@_date: 2002-07-19 18:13:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: QM, randomness, ignornace (Re:Atmospheric noise & fair coin 
This just showed up on _cryptography_ and illuminates the point various
nyms were making
here about QM, randomness, and ignorance.  Reproduced without
Hannes said,
I appreciate your statement and I am sure you have the experise in the
However, to rely on a security/crypto mechanism, I must see a proof I
understand, and I _never_ rely on `proof by intimidation`.
In this case, I'll like a proof showing reduction from a specific
which is backed by many years of concentrated effort to break it. I am
cynical, really. I will really appreciate if you provide me/us with
(reference) to
(a) historical evidence of a precise theorem/conjecture which withstood
years of substantial scurtiny, and
(b) precise proof, with sufficient details for someone (like me) whose
physics is rusty (many years since my engineering school days...),
the reduction from the specific claims to the long-lived theorem.
Can you generate truly random numbers? Cool! Indeed, this is something
in a sense is to be expected, based on the uncertainty principle. Of
for a complete QKD system this may be a small part; but this part could
useful for many crypto systems, if it is really secure - and practical
(cost, size, etc.). Can you provide details on this?
As an aside note, the uncertainty principle may be an example of
theory which have withstood many years, but I doubt that it was really
tested using crypto principles. I mean, couldn't it just turn out that
of the randomization in physics will some day turn out to be
pseudo-random??? After all, detecting the difference could be fairly
difficult, even if and when we learn the details of this supposed
pseudo-random generator, assuming it is a non-trivial one (after all
the congruential generator was only fairly recently shown insecure!).
Regards, Amir Herzberg
See   for lectures and draft-chapters
from book-in-progress, `Introduction to Cryptography, Secure
and Commerce`; feedback appreciated!

@_date: 2002-07-19 18:06:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Won't someone please think of the hooooollywood execs! 
"Ideas are more powerful than guns.
We don't let them have guns; why should we let them have ideas?"

@_date: 2002-07-18 22:25:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: RIAA escalates attack on music piracy, wants "broadcast 
Ooops, I left the "broadcast only" switch on when I recorded
my kids first steps.  I need a program to remove that flag so I
can make copies to give to relatives.
Did I just a solicit a future felony?

@_date: 2002-07-18 20:29:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Army gets kids' info from schools 
NEW LAW LETS ARMY GET INFO ON HS KIDS
                          By CARL CAMPANILE
                          July 17, 2002 -- U.S. military recruiters have
the authority
                          to demand that education officials turn over
the names,
                          addresses and phone numbers of high-school
                          under a new federal law.
                          President Bush's "No Child Left Behind" law
orders school
                          bosses from New York and across the country to
                          with the new edict - or risk losing federal
                          At the beginning of the school year, parents
will be given an
                          opportunity to call school officials to "opt
out" of disclosing
                          their child's personal information.
                          Access to student records is a boon to the
military in urban
                          areas, where many young men fail to register
for the draft,
                          as required by law.
                          The compliance rate in the Big Apple is one of
the lowest
                          among major U.S. cities, said Lewis Brodsky, a
                          spokesman for the Selective Service. Only 49
percent of
                          young men in New York register after turning
                          The Selective Service had complained that
until recently, it
                          was difficult to get city officials to make
recruiters welcome
                          in their schools.
                          "We're aware of the provision. It's part of
the law and we
                          will comply," said Board of Education
spokesman Kevin
                          Ortiz.
                          Critics of the draft said giving the military
access to student
                          information smacks of Big Brother.
                          "We're opposed to it. It shows that the
government can't
                          be trusted to keep any information
confidential," said
                          George Getz, national spokesman for the
Libertarian Party
                          and the Campaign to End the Selective Service.
                          But U.S. Rep. John Isakson (R-Ga.) told The
Post he
                          pushed for the amendment after a school
district in his area
                          refused to provide military recruiters with
information to
                          contact students, which he found

@_date: 2002-07-16 16:28:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re:Atmospheric noise & fair coin flipping 
Certainly.  Newton *replaced* dead-greek 'physics' but
Newton was *subsumed* (ie compatibly refined) by Einstein.
If e.g., you could determine that the gravitational constant
varies with time, that would have to be added to the model.
We can't say that; but we can only operate as if they
were constant.
If the laws of physics vary with distance from Sol,
for instance, astrophysicists are *fucked*
If evidence supports this then sure, a new quality/quantity may
be introduced.  Does dark matter have spin :-)
No, but without evidence that they do, Mr. Occam (who
had to leave his razor at the security checkpoint)
suggests minimizing the number of free variables and trying to work
with an assumption of constancy as much as possible.

@_date: 2002-07-15 22:13:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: state dept melting down, trying to intimidate reporters 
When Mowbray began to get the feeling that he couldn't leave even if he
wanted to, he asked, "Am I being
When a diplomatic security official told him "no," Mowbray announced
that he was leaving.
At which point, the guard stepped in front of Mowbray and said, "Now,
you're being detained." He was
 physically kept from leaving the building, and repeatedly pushed to
reveal his source, until, for whatever
reason, he was allowed to go.

@_date: 2002-07-06 14:57:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Piracy is wrong 
1. Simply done by hacking a few lines of legal code when you sign your
subscriber agreement
(eg to a cable service)
2. In a poodle-run society you can consider paying the BBC tax as
consenting to an agreement
3. Other oppressive societies may consider the RF spectrum as State
property and simply use
their threat of violence to force contracts on passive interceptors of
signals.  (And woe to the
'trespassers' who would actually transmit..)

@_date: 2002-07-01 23:32:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Publishers sue over pop-up ads 
[similarity to 'prohibitions' on deep-linking and general censorship?]
Publishers sue over pop-up ads
NEW YORK (AP) -- Complaining of
parasitical behavior, some of the
nation's largest news publishers are
suing Internet advertising company
Gator Corp. over software that
triggers pop-up ads when surfers
visit their Web sites.

@_date: 2002-07-01 18:41:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: on 'evil' as an abbreviation (Re: maximize best case, worst 
Evil = bad = counter to our goals.  One of our goals is to have
computers widely available.  A DRM layer between us and the hardware
is counter to that goal, ergo, undesirable from this perspective.
Its like a governor in a car.  Do you want one in yours?   Are you
to pay for the decreased driving flexibility and decreased reliability
(extra parts,
after all) of your car?  What makes you think you can require one in
Speaking only for myself

@_date: 2002-07-02 22:49:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "to outlaw general purpose computers" 
The compression function could be integrated into the videocamera,
relieving that CPU burden.   Playback is more problematic.

@_date: 2002-07-02 16:41:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Outlawing general purpose computers *is* feasible 
Substitute "assault rifle" for "computer" and think about it, Tim.
Or substitute "japanese american"...
First you register them.  Then declare them a public threat.  Then you
Buying up your old-style computers will be cheap for the government.
Most of the sheeple will be happy to unload them.
What, you didn't register your Lisa?  Better not use it online, your ISP
will be
required to check for a registration cert issued by the State.
Right, and a bayonet lug can't lead to a felony...
And the sheeple can't be led to believe that "unpoliced" computers are
by terrorists and pirates bent on undermining the Amerikan ekonomy
Ah, to be as optimistic as Tim May on a fine summer day..

@_date: 2002-07-03 15:05:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: data mining for moles 
According to former and current DEA,
                  military, and State Department officials,
                  the cartel had assembled a database that
                  contained both the office and residential
                  telephone numbers of U.S. diplomats and
                  agents based in Colombia, along with the entire call
log for the
                  phone company in Cali, which was leaked by employees
of the
                  utility. The mainframe was loaded with custom-written
                  software. It cross-referenced the Cali phone
exchange's traffic with
                  the phone numbers of American personnel and Colombian
                  intelligence and law enforcement officials. The
computer was
                  essentially conducting a perpetual internal mole-hunt
of the cartel's
                  organizational chart. "They could correlate phone
                  personalities, locations -- any way you want to cut
it," says the
                  former director of a law enforcement agency.
"Santacruz could see
                  if any of his lieutenants were spilling the beans."
                The central feature of
                  the facility was a $1.5 million IBM AS400
                  mainframe, the kind once used by banks,
                  networked with half a dozen terminals and
                  monitors.

@_date: 2002-07-04 16:39:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: We have always been at war with Oceania 
President Bush ( news - web sites) is expected to allow resumption of a
program to force down  or
   shoot down  airplanes suspected of carrying drugs in Latin America,
a senior administration official
   said Thursday.
Does Mr. Bush understand tit-for-tat?   Hasn't he figured out that he
can bust all the petty hawalas he
wants, but the Cartels have *cash* to spend, an excellent distribution
network, and a few submarines?
Looking for True Believers speaking spanish...
Maybe the Saudis will start taking planes out for carrying ethanol...

@_date: 2002-07-15 18:32:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Which universe are we in? (tossing tennis balls into 
The uncertainty principle says that there is a limit on the information
position and change in position that you can collect.  It does not rule
internal states.  For instance, you could generate particles with a
certain property
which you do not have to measure to know that they have that property.
It is a logical mistake to think that because you can't see it in 2002,
you can't ever
measure it, or it doesn't exist.  When something appears 'random', it is
because of
(wholly normal) ignorance on our part.   Sometimes 'randomness' is used
shut off analytic machinery, much like 'God'  (this latter idea is

@_date: 2002-07-17 17:04:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Another restriction on technology - cell and cordless 
Nice post,
Could this be warped into affecting wardriving for 802.11b connections?
The basestation's emissions could be considered 'private' even though
not.  The traffic could contain unencrypted voice packets, too.

@_date: 2002-07-27 12:59:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: misogyny is infectious: SOF wife wetwork 
(AP) - Four Army wives at Fort Bragg have been killed over the past six
allegedly by their husbands, prompting the Army to announce Friday it
re-evaluate the base's family counseling program. Two Fort Bragg
soldiers killed their
wives in murder-suicides, and two others were charged with murdering
their wives.
Three of the soldiers were from the Army's Special Operations and had
just returned
from Afghanistan; the fourth was from an airborne unit and had not been
sent into

@_date: 2002-07-29 15:42:01
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: crime control before it happens: thought control 
She even conceives of developing algorithms so advanced that society
 might intervene, to get people liable to be recruited into cells back
on track
before they can be seduced by elements like Al Qaeda. "There is a
possibility that with sufficient information about known terrorists we
evolve to the point where we could spot terrorists in the making," she
argues. "We believe that individuals can be at risk of becoming drug
addicts, or joining gangs, or having affairs, or any number of things at
certain times and under certain conditions in their lives. . . .
Thorough and
continued algorithmic investigation of terrorist behavior is very likely
shed light on their origins, and possibly lead to proactive efforts."

@_date: 2002-07-30 15:13:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: today in dc 
Yes, a note about this appeared on this list a few weeks
ago, along with a Blacknet Automotive Division request
for these diag codes.
It is perfectly within the rights of an individual (or corp) to
retain trade secrets.  It is also within the rights of others to
reverse engineer these secrets particularly for interoperability
reasons.  These observations are not only based on
libertarian-ethical principles but US law history.
That's fine.
Were that true, that would NOT be fine.  It is not acceptable to
abuse the violence of the state (ie law) in this way --to deny
the ability to reverse engineer.
(As a hacker) Regrettable but fine.  "Potting the fucker in epoxy"
is their right.
So what?  Buy a car from someone else then.  The GNUmobile project?
The carmakers say this is for safety.  Perhaps this is as lame as the
political powergrabs justified fnord in the name of "national security".
Clearly, as engineers, we know that IFF the carmakers
documented what their employees know, then third-parties could
do as good a job.  But there is no obligation to document what you
sell.  Or make it easy for others to fix your stuff ---those stupid
proprietary screws used on some equiptment to keep you out
are not illegal.  But neither is defeating them.  Modulo your
warrantee, which is fair.
Of course, the State might well use the "safety" lever to open
the codes; or it might simply extend a tentacle of fascism
and require it for the nominal benefit of the sheeple.  Consider
if this behavior were applied more generally.
Anyway, PT is right on, this is right up our alley.

@_date: 2002-07-30 14:58:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Choate's Freedom to Dissociate 
Um, right after we finish sueing other folks for not letting us
put our bumper stickers on their cars (1st amend and all that..)

@_date: 2002-08-31 17:24:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Mitigating Dangers of Compromised Anonymity 
Like that one-degree of separation is comforting...
Your face might be recognized later.  Willing to shave for the
transmission and then go on vacation to regrow the mane?
Bingo.  Use a rented car.  Or better, stolen :-)
Why bother even establishing one?  Simply use a fake name and domain
that your SMTP server takes.  Works for me :-) [1] though I don't get
replies -not something you want anyway for your task.
[1] Though header-stripping lne.com can trace me ---real anonymity would
require b) or c)
or a trusted a) (only without my end being observed before the fact).
and do
Or treat your fixed-MAC card as a one-time-use disposable and torch the
Along with the laptop, probably.   Separately.

@_date: 2002-08-27 17:52:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Is There a Copyright Law in Islam? 
Is there a copyright law in Islam? Some people say
that knowledge is a common property and it cannot be
restricted. They use the Hadith of the Prophet, peace and
blessing be upon him, that "Wisdom is the lost property of a
believer, it is his, wherever he may find it." What do you think
of making copies of computer software?

@_date: 2002-08-11 16:12:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Pakis needing killing 
"If somebody cannot produce some form of identification, he can't use
Internet. It's in the interest of law and order, and stopping
terrorism," said
Shahzada Alam, chairman of the Pakistan Telecommunications Authority,
which regulates the Internet in Pakistan.

@_date: 2002-08-09 20:38:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Tommy loses his toys (laptop stolen from MacDill SCIF) 
Guess who wasn't using encrypted disks?
MacDILL AIR FORCE BASE - Two laptop computers missing from Gen. Tommy
Franks' headquarters were kept in an ultrasensitive locked and alarmed
security room intended to safeguard some of the military's deepest
secrets in the U.S. war on terrorism, officials said Wednesday.
At least one of the laptops contained highly classified information,
they said.
The room is known in military shorthand as a SCIF, or Secure
Compartmented Information Facility. The government uses them at
installations worldwide and regulates their security features so closely
that voluminous rules have been written on how they are to be built and
It sits deep inside the building that houses U.S. Central Command
headquarters, which is running the war in Afghanistan and which is
tightly guarded by troops armed with M-16s. The building stands inside
the MacDill Air Force Base perimeter, which is well guarded, too.
Maybe Wen Ho Lee sold them to a pawn shop..

@_date: 2002-08-08 06:43:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: commercial birds over Qatar, differential imagery in open 
Tim Brown of the defense think tank Globalsecurity.org which has
published an extensive analysis of the latest
     satellite imagery on its web site, said the base "looks like it is
being designed to replace the Prince Sultan Air Base in
     Saudi Arabia so we don't have to rely on the Saudis for this
     Pentagon officials last night refused to discuss details of the
preparations at al Udeid. One added that planners are
     "not happy" the images are floating around on the Internet - "but
[we] realize there's nothing we can do."

@_date: 2002-08-04 14:39:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Simmering frogs with a drop of technology and a dash of law 
As engineers we can design a system, enforced by Law only at the ISP,
makes the network usable only to those using Approved hardware/software.
Try it.  Then take a bath --the stench does come off.
But surely the heavy hand of the Law will be required?
No.  This can be done with minimal *apparent* police state feeling, by
attacking central
communication resources.  Don't think so?   How about CALEA, Carnivore,
In the 1984+20 world, you can use your old 56K modem for point to point
(over the message-neutral POTS) but you can't use your ISP without
Approved 'Secure Fnord Trusted' equiptment.   Your ISP's assets will be
if they route unVerified traffic from their 'subscribers'.
This meets the Specs For Gentle Fascism:  it requires some plausible
tech, and some plausible law.
No Stasi needed, just the power of Customs, IRS and business licensing.
So you can distribute your xeroxed pamphlets by hand, but you can't mail
them because the
State runs the post, and controls the private delivery services.  Most
folks don't
notice because they use State-Approved pens which only let them write
Approved thoughts
and certainly don't let them copy large excerpts of others' prose.
Those 'safe' messages are transparently handled by the State post.
Its great that Morloch can make pens from quills, and has a horse to
carry his letters
to his friends ---who have to use homemade, not State approved, candles
to read them.
But Morloch's consumption of goose feathers has not gone unnoticed...
Keep Your Laws Off My Machine
No Stego No Freedom No Shit

@_date: 2002-08-01 21:23:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: thoughtcrime, art, mandatory youth education camps, AP, 
Court rules student's artwork not a threat to police
     Published 9:35 a.m. PDT Thursday, August 1, 2002
     CHICO, Calif. (AP) - A Pleasant Valley High School student's art
class painting that
     showed him shooting a police officer who had cited him for
possessing marijuana did
     not constitute a criminal threat, a state appeals court has ruled.
     The youth, identified in court papers only as Ryan D., never showed
his painting to
     Chico Police Sgt. Lori MacPhail, the state Court of Appeals in
Sacramento said
     Tuesday. The court said that paintings are ambiguous as a statement
of intent and that
     the artwork didn't amount to a threat.
     The painting showed the boy "shooting the officer in the back of
the head, blowing
     away pieces of her flesh and face," the court noted.
     "Without question, it was intemperate and demonstrated extremely
poor judgment,"
     presiding Justice Arthur Scotland wrote in his opinion. He added
that "it does not
     appear to be anything other than pictorial ranting."
     The appeals court dismissed a finding by Butte County Superior
Court Judge Ann
     Rutherford that the teenager had made a terrorist threat against
MacPhail but let the
     marijuana violation stand.
     MacPhail said Wednesday she was disappointed by the ruling.
     "It's unfortunate that that could be the interpretation," she said.
"It was clear and
     straightforward to me it was more than just a painting."
     MacPhail cited the teenager on Dec. 8, 1999, for possessing
marijuana while off the
     high school campus during school hours. A month later, Ryan D.,
then 15, turned in a
     painting for his art class that showed a boy shooting a female
police officer in the head.
     The artwork also included the letters "CPD," for Chico Police
Department, and "67,"
     MacPhail's badge number.
     The art instructor found the painting "disturbing" and "scary" and
showed it to school
     administrators, who then showed it to MacPhail.
     The appeals court said there was no evidence the teenager ever
intended to show the
     officer his artwork, Scotland noted.

@_date: 2002-08-01 18:52:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Mandatory hardware 
TV makers may face mandate on digital receivers
Wed Jul 31, 9:17 AM ET
In an effort to jump-start the languid rollout of digital TV, federal
next week are expected to require all new TV sets to include digital
receivers by 2006, say people familiar with the matter.
TV makers say the mandate would boost the price
of a TV by about $200, dampening sales.
Broadcasters, who have pushed for such a rule,
dispute the figure.
Lets see... they think they can require crap in TVs, in teleco
equiptment... anyone still doubt they will try a power
grab on the motherboard?

@_date: 2002-08-01 19:46:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Freedom of association denied in Ventura Cty 
(Note that this *is* political as the Fairgrounds are State property)
Dress Code Keeps 9 Hells Angels Out of Fair in Ventura
Security: The new policy is enforced after biker club members refuse to
remove vests marked with group's insignia. Their leader says he will
                     By TRACY WILSON and HOLLY J.
                     WOLCOTT, TIMES STAFF WRITERS
                     Nine Hells Angels were denied entry to the
                     Ventura County Fair on Wednesday evening after
                     refusing to remove black leather vests
                     emblazoned with the trademark winged skull of
                     their motorcycle club.
                     Stopped at a side entrance, the bikers were told
                     by a security guard their clothing violated a fair
                     policy that bans gang attire.
                     The guard told George Christie Jr., president of
                     the Ventura Hells Angels chapter, and his
                     associates that they would have to remove any
                     clothing bearing the name of their group to enter
                     the fairgrounds.
                     "I want to exercise my rights as a United States
                     citizen," Christie responded. Holding up two
                     tickets, for himself and the 9 1/2-year-old
                     daughter of his fiancee, Christie asked, "You will
                     not accept these tickets?"
                     Security guard Mike Priester then handed
                     Christie a copy of the fair's dress code policy and
                     again told him he could not come through the gate
                     unless he removed the clothing bearing the Angels
                     insignia.
                     As he walked away from the fairgrounds, Christie
called the policy
                     unconstitutional and said he will file a lawsuit
challenging it.
                     "I take offense," he said. "We are not a street
gang, we are a motorcycle
                     club.... We are going to seek legal action."
                     Ventura attorney Kay Duffy, who had walked with the
Hells Angels and a
                     few of their family members from the group's nearby
clubhouse to the
                     fairgrounds, said she had hoped fair organizers
would back down from the
                     policy and allow the Angels inside.
                     "The next step is the court system," she said.
                     Fair spokesman Devlin Raley said organizers had no
choice but to turn
                     Christie and the others away.
                     The dress policy aims to create a safe atmosphere
for families to enjoy the
                     fair, said Raley, adding that it will be enforced
during the 12-day fair that
                     began Wednesday.
                     "They chose not to comply with the dress code. It
was a challenge of the
                     policy and the policy was enforced," Raley said,
adding that the conversation
                     with the Angels at the gate was peaceful.
                     Concerned about gang violence, the fair board
recently approved a tighter
                     policy on gang attire. The policy specifically
prohibits anyone wearing
                     clothing, visible tattoos or other articles bearing
the name or insignia of a
                     criminal street gang from entering the fairgrounds.
                     It does not ban the wearing of specific colors or
sports team logos unless
                     clothing has been altered to symbolize a gang.
                     "This doesn't prevent anyone from coming to the
fair," Ventura Police Lt.
                     Ken Corney said this week. "You just can't be
wearing gang attire."
                     The policy identifies 27 local groups as criminal
street gangs--including the
                     Hells Angels and rival Mongols motorcycle clubs.
                     Christie and lawyers representing the Hells Angels
contend there is no
                     evidence the club meets the legal definition of a
criminal street gang.
                     But police say recent convictions stemming from a
                     drug-and-racketeering case involving the Hells
Angels prompted law
                     enforcement officials to deem the organization a
criminal street gang.
                     Corney said revisions to the fair's decade-old
dress code were prompted by
                     a recent appellate court decision in which justices
in Northern California
                     found a similar dress code unconstitutional. The
ruling stemmed from a
                     lawsuit filed by a Hells Angels member who was
denied entry to the Sonoma
                     County Fair after refusing to remove a vest
emblazoned with the club name.
                     The appellate court found the dress code vague and
                     Unlike the Sonoma decision, Ventura lawyers and
police say the new policy
                     is specific and are confident it would withstand a
legal challenge.

@_date: 2002-08-22 17:52:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: U.S. Military Uses the Force 
The specific heat of Cu is  heat of vaporization is  and the
melting point is  and the metal is already liquid.  The metal is
 grams of liquid Cu so how many joules does it take to vaporize
And, where does the momentum of  grams x  m/sec go?
Also, just out of curiousity, what are the health effects of finely
dispersed Cu oxide ?
Does anyone make liners out of DU?  Yummy.

@_date: 2002-08-22 17:45:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: U.S. Military Uses the Force 
personal armor or home defense.]
Yes and the dogs don't piss on the rosebushes after the first time they
bridge the caps...
Bullets would be "anti-personnel artillery" and the article states that
vaporizing doesn't work
for artillery.  So, um, no.
I tend to wonder how this would work more than once, and suspect that
disrupting the shaped charge or changing the stand-off distance is
As an aside, I wonder if there are scale problems with huge shaped
charges; could a 100' diam
100' tall charge destroy a bunker 300' deep?  (Supposing you could get
the army engineers on
the ground to build it.. a kinda military burning man I suppose..)
Do you have to ask for them by name at Fry's?

@_date: 2002-08-26 16:13:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Welcome to Amerika: precrime squads 
Aug. 25, 2002, 10:00PM
                           Delaware police compile database of
                           future suspects
                           Associated Press
                           WILMINGTON, Del. -- Police in Delaware are
trying to get a
                           head-start on cracking crimes before they
happen by setting up a
                           database that contains a list of people who
officers believe are likely
                           to break the law.
                           Defense attorneys and the American Civil
Liberties Union oppose
                           the database, which lists names, addresses
and photographs of the
                           potential suspects -- many of whom have clean
                           The precise grounds for putting a person on
the list aren't clear. But
                           since the system was introduced in Wilmington
in June, most of the
                           200 people included in the file have been
minorities from poor,
                           high-crime neighborhoods.
                           State and federal prosecutors say the tactic
is legal, but defense
                           lawyers object to the practice.
                           "We should enforce the existing laws, but not
violate them, to catch
                           the bad guys," said Theo Gregory, City
Councilman and public
                           defender. "We've become the bad guys, and
that's not right."
                           Mayor James Baker called the criticism
"asinine and intellectually
                           bankrupt."
                           "I don't care what anyone but a court of law
thinks," he said. "Until a
                           court says otherwise, if I say it's
constitutional, it's constitutional."
                           The pictures are being taken by two
Wilmington police squads
                           created in June to arrest drug dealers. The
units are known in some
                           neighborhoods as "jump-out squads" because
they jump out of cars
                           and make quick arrests.
                           Many of the people whose photos have been
taken for the file were
                           stopped briefly for loitering and let go.

@_date: 2002-08-27 17:40:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: onsite service in Black Rock 
A satphone is under $2K and its under $3 minute.  Cost-cutting measures,
You'd think some enterprising yahoo local would futz around with yagi'd
and sell bits by the bucket.  Slackers.

@_date: 2002-09-23 18:52:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: wiretapping 
"You see this?" the Libyan said. "This was created by an enemy of God.
This has blown many
operations and has caused more arrests than you can imagine. Why do you
think the brothers in
Germany got arrested? With this. When they were talking, the others were
listening.... It's nice, you
can communicate. It's fast, but it causes big problems. They made it,
and they know how to intercept
                     COLUMN ONE
                     Chilling 'Chatter' of Jihad
                       Wiretaps of an Al Qaeda cell in Italy reveal not
only possible missed signals of attacks but a
                     glimpse at a world of angry, adrift extremists.
                     By SEBASTIAN ROTELLA, TIMES STAFF WRITER
                     MILAN, Italy -- They knew the police were spying on
them, but they
                     needed to talk. So the members of the Al Qaeda cell
often met in a car.
                     They thought the police were unlikely to bug the

@_date: 2002-09-21 23:26:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: [HereticalCode] DeCSS Redux: DVDSynth 
DVDSynth is an open platform for developing various "virtual devices,"
particularly virtual CD/DVD-ROM drives and virtual discs to put in them.
One of the most
interesting things it can do is apply filters to physical devices in the
system. Filters can change the contents of a CD or DVD in arbitrary ways
on the fly. This early
release of DVDSynth contains only the filtering support together with
the following three filters:
     DVD subtitler: This filter effectively adds a new subtitle track to
a DVD, by inserting new data into the MPEG stream and updating the
various navigation
     pointers on the fly. Since it works at the device-driver level,
it's compatible with all software and hardware DVD players. It comes
with a fairly sophisticated
     subtitle rendering engine which supports asynchronous overlapping
subtitles in multiple fonts and colors, fade-in and fade-out, the full
Unicode character set,
     vertical Japanese "sidetitles," etc.
     Unrestrict DVD: This filter removes various usage restrictions from
a DVD, including region lockout, APS (Macrovision), and disabled
     menu call, angle change, and so forth.
     SCSI protocol spy: This lets you monitor the SCSI commands and data
passing to and from your drive, in the tradition of such utilities as
FileMon, RegMon
     and Spy++. It's useful for debugging, and interesting to watch if
you're curious.

@_date: 2002-09-21 23:20:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: all your .gov netadmins are belong to us 
Wouldn't it be cool if a paki gunman shows up at a .gov NOC, just like
he did at the CIA some years back?
                    VeriSign Inc has stopped providing access to
information about the .gov internet domain, which is restricted to
                    US government bodies, over concerns the data could
be used in planning internet attacks, ComputerWire has
                    learned. On September 16, the company posted a
notice on its web site saying that from September 13 (three
                    days earlier) it would no longer provide FTP access
to the so-called "zone file" for .gov, which contains the IP
                    addresses of all the name servers that point to .gov
domains. Ken Silva, VeriSign's director of networks and
                    security, told ComputerWire the company had removed
access to information "of potential value to hackers", and
                    that the decision was made "in conjunction with" the
General Services Administration, which administers the .gov
                    zone file.
                    Silva pointed out that while VeriSign manages the
.com, .org and .net zone files, and continues to make those
                    available to those willing to enter a no-cost
agreement with the company, it does not run .gov, and merely made
                    the data available as a free informational service.
Malicious hackers wanting to take down government web sites
                    would hypothetically be able to do so by
denial-of-service attacking the name servers associated with .gov
                    domains. It was not immediately clear if the .gov
zone file data is made available in bulk from other sources, but
                    the GSA does not seem to do so. Also removed from
the FTP site was the zone file for in-addr.arpa, which is
                    used for reverse-DNS lookups (when somebody wants to
find out what domain is associated with an IP address,
                    rather than the other way around)
                    It seems so logical to take that .gov WHOIS info
offline that you have to wonder why it wasn't done
                    last year. After all, who really needs to do WHOIS
look ups on government sites except hackers, mail
                    spammers that are harvesting government email
addresses and fearful folks who like checking where
                    the IP's of mysterious visitors to their web sites
originate from... I wonder whether the same will be
                    done for the .edu and .mil which also are prime

@_date: 2002-09-21 22:39:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: 1000 pts for offing humorless, proactive DC pigs 
Anarchist 'Scavenger Hunt' Raises D.C. Police Ire
Sat Sep 21, 3:37 PM ET
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An online "anarchist scavenger hunt" proposed for
next week's annual meeting of the International
Monetary Fund ( news - web sites) and World Bank ( news - web sites)
here has raised the ire of police, who fear demonstrators
could damage property and wreak havoc.
Break a McDonald's window, get 300 points. Puncture a Washington D.C.
police car tire to win 75
points. Score 400 points for a pie in the face of a corporate executive
or World Bank delegate.
D.C. Assistant Police Chief Terrance Gainer told a congressional hearing
on Friday that law authorities
were in talks to decide whether planned protests were, "so deleterious
to security efforts that we ought
to take proactive action."
Several thousand people are expected to demonstrate outside the IMF and
World Bank headquarters
next weekend.
The Anti-Capitalist Convergence, a D.C.-based anarchist group, is also
planning a day-long traffic
blockade, banner-drops and protests against major corporations in the
downtown core.
Chuck, the 37 year-old webmaster of the anarchist site who declined to give his last name, told Reuters his
scavenger hunt was meant as a joke.
"People were asking for things to do when they come to D.C. We made the
list to get people thinking, so they don't do the boring, standard
stuff," he said. "I doubt people will actually keep track of what they
do for points."

@_date: 2002-09-20 18:13:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: software-defined radio killer app 
People who like to *play* with gizmos will employ radar *emitters* :-)

@_date: 2002-09-16 17:13:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: What becomes a location most? (net core buildings) 
excerpts from The Seattle building had so much fiber running
between floors that one elevator shaft was eliminated to make room. I
believe this is
the first time that I know of where people space in an office building
has been
replaced with electron (or photon) space.
(Amusingly, the Seattle
offices had a simple $100 hub that connected three of the Alaska
providers to each
other. But that was probably all that was needed.)

@_date: 2002-09-16 04:54:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Stealth network technology (courtsey of the US military ?) 
don't have
Moderately clever.
when the
detected by
Is this choice of IR wavelength or coding techniques or big honking
Or all of the above?
AT&T IIRC had something similar, for building point to point.  I think
the alignment
was a bitch, and the cost was similar to that $10K, and wireless overran
that niche.
(Ergo cheapness via volume isn't going to happen.)
A friend of mine was interested in using IRDA to cross a street to leach
off a link (with permission).
He didn't try it AFAIK.  Same concept though.

@_date: 2002-09-04 19:16:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Domestic Surveillance: BBC article on Fin Surveillance Software 
Mantas's job is to write and
install the complex software
packages which banks and
other financial institutions
use to help them spot signs
of money laundering or
terrorist finance within their
accounts. And the boost to
business came a year ago,
in the wake of the outrage
that hit the US on 11

@_date: 2002-09-18 23:38:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: software-defined radio killer app 
Yep.  Won't anyone think of the chiiiildren?
Inter-("consumer")-node automatic communication of antisocial
over pirate protocols?   I don't think so.  Yet :-)
I'm suggesting that end-user-configurable RF comp/comm devices are a
step in the development of "consumer" electronics in the us-vs.-pigs
arms race.
Or could be.
Look dude, I'm just porting/downshifting the Rural Optical Signalling
to a blog-like RF mesh network with a better horizon.   You can ignore
those noise
bursts if you like :-)
The main problem is
Could it be
Frequencies are just bit patterns to a digitally controlled oscillator.
DCOs are agile, dude.
Got spectrum?

@_date: 2002-10-27 18:35:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Faraday cages go portable 
Ie, using a potato-chip bag for your cellphone.  For only $24, whadda
A metal (eg cookie) tin works from DC-whatever Ghz.
At the next  folks could play around with
screen-door-mesh, etc. lining a dome tent, to limit an 802.blah Wnet.
With spaceblankets
it would get warm, fast.

@_date: 2002-10-25 17:01:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: internet radio - broadcast without incurring royalty fees 
Seek professional help.
but my experience with downloading TV shows suggests
This wasn't piracy, it was time-shifting.  You, as an
American with a TV, could watch the show at X; you as
an American can save it and watch it at Y, too.
The videotape-timeshift-legal-decisions didn't say
anything about VHS vs. BETA vs. DiVX formats.
You could put it on Hollerith cards but the greens
would be pissed.
The fact that part of your video system is distributed in a few
million homes should be irrelevent.

@_date: 2002-10-16 21:48:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: snagging dissidents with the no-fly list 
McCarthyism Watch
                We will be regularly updating the site with examples of
the New McCarthyism that is
                sweeping the country.
                October 16, 2002
                More Anti-War Activists Snagged by "No Fly" List
                The No Fly list is still up and running. The FBI and the
Transportation Security
                Administration have a list of suspicious people they
distribute to the airlines, and the
                airlines check the names of their passengers against
this list. The existence of the list was
                first reported here on this web site and then in the
June issue of The Progressive, after a
                group of peace activists were detained in Milwaukee on
April 19.
                On August 7, two more peace activists found themselves
on the list. Rebecca Gordon
                and Jan Adams were detained by San Francisco police at
the airport there, reported
                Alan Gathright of The San Francisco Chronicle on
September 27.
                Gordon and Adams, veteran peace and justice activists in
the Bay Area, work on a
                newspaper called War Times (war-times.org).
                "We get to the airport at 9:30 in the evening for an
11:30 flight to Boston on ATA,"
                Gordon tells The Progressive. "As we go to the check-in
counter to check in our
                baggage, the woman takes our IDs and types in our names,
and then says, 'There's
                something wrong with my computer.' So she goes and gets
another woman, who types
                our names into her computer. She, too, says, 'There's
something wrong with my
                computer. Please step aside so we can check the other
people in.' "
                Gordon says she and Adams thought there might be a
problem with their e-tickets. But it
                was more serious than that, as they found out a few
minutes later when one of the airline
                employees told them, "You both turned up on the FBI No
Fly list, and we've called the
                San Francisco police. They are coming over to talk to
you. In the meantime, one of us
                has to stay with you, so please come along with your
baggage," Gordon recalls.
                Gordon says the woman from the airlines seemed
bewildered. "We were standing there
                in the middle of the airport, and I'm sure she's
thinking these are just garden-variety
                middle-aged white dykes," Gordon says.
                "I can't imagine why this is happening," the airline
employee said, according to Gordon.
                "And I said, 'Well, I can tell you why. We work on a
paper that opposes the war on
                terrorism.' Her eyes got kind of big, and she said,
'Oh.' "
                Gordon says three uniformed members of the police then
came, took their IDs, and
                called headquarters. They wouldn't let her even get a
drink of water.
                "After ten or fifteen more minutes, one of the officers
told us, 'You aren't on the master
                list,' and they handed us back to the airline, Gordon
                But the airline was still suspicious, and circled a big
S on their boarding passes. "I assume
                it means search, and then a red S was put on it," Gordon
adds. "In fact, at the gate we
                were selected for search and they did the usual search
procedure, the wanding and the
                shoes.
                Before I got on, I asked the ticket agent if this is
going to happen every time. She said, 'I
                don't know, but I'd recommend that you get to the
airport early.' "
                For its part, the San Francisco police has little
                "We had no report of any of our officers stopping them,"
says Larry Ratti, a
                spokesperson for the police at the airport.
                "Whenever anyone comes up on the No Fly list, we come
out in one or two minutes and
                the situation is cleared up. Generally, they would make
a police report if they detained
                people for any length of time."
                Ratti says the department gets calls about suspicious
people at the airport "maybe one a
                day, one every two days." Some of these calls come from
the No Fly list, "but we don't
                differentiate," he says. "It's just a
suspicious-type-person call."
                I ask Gordon what conclusion she draws from this
                "This is harassment," she says. "It's to let us know
that they've got their eye on us."
                Adams agrees. "Nothing felt very threatening in the
episode--except that they are doing
                it," she says. Adams adds that she was singled out for
searching on her return trip from
                Boston, as well.

@_date: 2002-10-10 16:33:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Echelon-like... 
Not only is EM correct, but:
* many attacks are possible without worrying about keylength.  Got
* NIST/NSA picked the lamest AES.  If I told you what "lame" meant, I'd
have to kill you.
* (Lack of) User motivation (related to man-machine issues) is still the
spooks' best friend.  As
well as legacy systems, and inadequately designed total systems.  Got
However, stego and decent opsec and cash and leo buffoonery still let
you coordinate the occasional urban skyline
reconstruction, poking holes in boats, etc.  Got Dead Drops?  Mr.
Hanssen?  Mr Ames?
the use of encryption by any means necessary, because of sheer numbers.
(and therefore $$$) will be needed to decrypt them.
the numbers as low as possible, so they can continue to "outspend" the
decrypting large numbers of messages, a small fraction of which may
contain "interesting" information.
on the cypherpunks boards, or d)"hey! We never thought of that"

@_date: 2002-10-11 19:10:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: US developing untraceable weapons 
Theres no huge explosion associated with its employment, there are no
pieces and
parts left behind that someone can analyze to say, this came from the
United States, 
explains an unnamed Lockheed Martin official quoted in Aviation Week and
Technology in July. The damage is localized, and it is hard to tell
where it came from
and when it happened. It is all pretty mysterious.
Maybe we'll drop a Tarot card with Uncle Sam on it?
Coincidental, no doubt, but one day after Bush spokesman Ari
Fleischer's comment on putting a bullet into the sovereign ruler of
Iraq's head, five US citizens in a suburb of Washington, DC, lost their
lives in just that manner

@_date: 2002-10-22 01:02:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: One of Brinworld's uglier moments, no rights for immies 
So two illegals are going back because they were in a white van near a
pay phone.
They're fortunate, they only got the 12gauge in the face and the asphalt
in a month it'll be a cruise missile first, forensics later.
"Mr. Godsniper, call us back.  We couldn't trace^H^H^H^H^H hear you. "
The announcement came hours after Virginia
authorities took two men into custody after
surrounding a white van near a Richmond gas station.
However, sources said the two men weren't involved
in the attacks and would be deported to Latin
America for immigration violations.
"They were in the wrong place at the wrong time," a
senior law enforcement source in Washington said on
condition of anonymity.
Moosehunting in Virginia, ayup.  Random primate hunting,
now a Steak House: clearly its a PETA terrorist,
letting us graze the greener grass on the other side.
Homo sapiens: the other white meat.

@_date: 2002-10-25 16:27:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: internet radio - broadcast without incurring royalty fees 
Such a station resembles an editor who suggests articles by giving a
pointer, e.g., ISBN, Journal cite, or URL.
Some editors (like talk-free radio stations) may not even provide
commentary, but their
subscribers value the information implicit in their choices.
[One listens to radio, follows editors' pointers, etc. because one
desires fresh bits...
and a "good" Editor increases the probability that you will encounter
fresh bits you like.
Even unintentional Editors are valuable: Using KaZaa, one can scan all
of other nodes' shared files;
finding a user with content you like (tastes like yours) via a regular
search often
yields a cache of good content.]
Version 2 of the BackBox should handle video, with DVD/TiVo++ URIs, too.

@_date: 2002-11-22 21:13:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: [Burbclaves + Brinworld] Geek 'Vigilantes' Monitor Border 
Geek 'Vigilantes' Monitor Border
By Michelle Delio  |   Also by this reporter  Page 1 of 1
02:00 AM Nov. 22, 2002 PT
A group of tech-savvy ranchers in Arizona is using military technology
to monitor and apprehend illegal immigrants crossing the border from
into the United States.
Members of the group have spiked their land with thousands of motion
sensors. They also use infrared tracking devices, global positioning
night vision goggles, radar and other gear to survey movement near the

@_date: 2002-11-11 20:34:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: eJazeera? 
All you need is
1. A few activists incl. a few to capture the content (eg, videographer,
photographer) who are willing to carry a few extra pounds
2. Someone to pony up the equiptment (some of which must be treated as
3. Someone to set up & test the rig with the deployees.
Depending on your circles, you may find each of these types in different
 The enabling
the case

@_date: 2002-11-04 16:00:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Blacknet hits the trade press 
EWeek 21 Oct 2002 p 58, "High-tech products invite tech crimes" P.
Writing about a consultant who tried to sell a client's software, and
got busted:
"Next time, a code theif may use a "BlackNet" brokerage (as envisioned
in the
widely circulated essay by Timothy May) to avoid such traps."
[He is commenting on whereas stolen chips are valuable to many, stolen
is valuable only to a few...]

@_date: 2002-11-01 19:38:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: P2P ordered to monitor users, files 
Can't wait until some lawyer in a black robe tries to understand
which works with Java 1.4.0 on Win95, BTW
File-swapping 'Madster' must track songs
                Friday, November 1, 2002 Posted: 10:03 AM EST (1503 GMT)
                ALBANY, New York (AP) -- The
                file-sharing service Madster must
                keep a list of songs available through
                the system as part of a court order to
                block access to copyright works.
                U.S. District Judge Marvin Aspen in
                Chicago granted a preliminary injunction
                against the service Sept. 4. The judge
                sided with recording company officials
                who claimed Albany-based Madster
                violated copyright law just as Napster
                had before it.
                Aspen waited until this week, however,
                to release terms of the injunction to give
                the two sides time to suggest wording tailored to stop
only the transfer of
                copyright files.
                In addition to disabling access to copyright works,
Aspen directed Madster to
                monitor its system and keep a list of "any and all sound
recordings and musical
                compositions" being made available. That list must be
shared with recording
                companies upon five business days notice.
                Service must comply
                The service also must file regular reports detailing its
                Madster founder Johnny Deep did not immediately return
calls Thursday. He has
                said that he didn't know of a way to filter copyright
files because the transferred
                material is encrypted.

@_date: 2002-11-03 17:36:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Sending bricks through the mail 
There exists a website by someone who enjoyed sending unusual things
through the US mail.  He once sent a brick, with proper postage,
no envelope.
The brick *eventually* arrived at its destination, sort of, but had been
by the DEA according to the PO's paperwork.

@_date: 2002-11-05 00:30:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Cointel is back: meet any new arabic-speaking guys in shiny 
Officials attempt to get inside
                      cells of al Qaeda in U.S.
                      By Richard Sale
                      UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
                           Local and federal law-enforcement agencies
                      attempting to infiltrate al Qaeda sleeper cells
operating in the
                      United States and are using disinformation
campaigns to
                      expose and neutralize the terror groups that
continue to
                      communicate with one another, U.S. intelligence
officials say.
                           FBI officials say recent
                      electronic intercepts of
                      communications between some al
                      Qaeda groups show that they are
                      "talking to each other."
                           "The cells are up and active,"
                      an FBI official said of the groups
                      believed to be embedded in most
                      U.S. cities with sizable Islamic
                      communities, such as New York,
                      Detroit and Los Angeles.
                           In a review of ongoing U.S.
                      operations, United Press
                      International was briefed on the al
                      Qaeda investigations by several
                      current and former intelligence
                      officers, all of whom asked not to be identified
by name.
                           Former CIA and Defense Intelligence Agency
officials say
                      the terrorists choose run-down neighborhoods
because "in a
                      place like that, you are invisible. People don't
care about you;
                      they don't want to look at you and don't look at
you," as one
                      put it.
                           A former senior U.S. intelligence official
explained: "The
                      members of cells don't think of themselves as
raiding parties
                      but as the front end of an invasion."
                           "If they can attack, blow things up and
disrupt society,
                      they believe there will be mass defections to
Islam and
                      society will collapse. They can then set up an
Islamic state."
                           The cells, these sources said, are made up of
                      Muslims and immigrants from Pakistan, Saudi Arabia
and the
                      Persian Gulf states, and number in the thousands.
Most are
                      thought to have entered the country some time ago
and are
                      deeply entrenched in their communities.
                           To root them out, the FBI has been busy
developing a
                      network of informers in Muslim neighborhoods,
                      nightclub owners, waiters and merchants, a federal
                      law-enforcement official said.
                           Intelligence is the chief tool in the war on
terror, a senior
                      former Pentagon intelligence official said.
                           "Intelligence is really just a giant research
operation where
                      you rely on huge archival files," he said. "It's
the most
                      effective weapon you've got."
                           The next and best weapon in the war against
the cells is
                      infiltration. A longtime covert operations
specialist said law
                      enforcement is using agents who are Arabs and
fluent in
                      Arabic, who then look for ways to get inside the
                      where the cell members worship.
                           Their next goal is "to find out about the
social structure:
                      Where do they worship, where do they entertain,
what do
                      they talk about?" he said.
                           If it is known where they socialize and there
is probable
                      cause, local police might be able to place
                      devices on the premises, he said. The goal is to
identify and
                      eliminate leaders, a former CIA official said.
                           As the FBI and other law-enforcement agencies
                      knowledge, any rivalries among group members can
                      exploited, using disinformation to convince some
                      members that others are informers or traitors.
                           One FBI official explained that the purpose
is to "disrupt"
                      hostile organizations, and that FBI tactics go
back to 1956,
                      when the FBI established its Cointelpro
                      program.) This official said the program pitted
one group 
                      or even members of a single group  against
another "like
                      gladiators in ancient Rome."
                           The program has been used successfully
against such
                      groups as the Black Panthers and the Ku Klux Klan,
he said

@_date: 2002-12-30 16:56:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Manhattan Bldgs (RE: The Geodesic Economy:) 
I don't much like the Richard Meier
Its not a tictactoe or "hollywood squares" design ---those
are gleaming white prison bars.  A motif for the 21st century.
"Intended only for lawful uses." -HP Computer Advert

@_date: 2002-12-20 22:04:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Bruce Schneier hullabaloo 
Not necessarily.  Nero's mom didn't have SS agents watching her and
PaBush for life.
"Intended only for lawful uses." -HP Computer Advert

@_date: 2003-01-27 22:47:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Secure voice app: FEATURE REQUEST: RECORD IPs 
they run a
Merely notifying me that someone called is useful.
It wouldn't require rocket science to recognize an entire class C
as a friend.  And remember this proposal is fully back compatible with
versions of a sec phone.
If you wanted to mess with the protocol, you could obviously add an
exchange component.  I am not familiar with SpeakFreely's protocol so I
know if it can be extended without breaking compatability.

@_date: 2003-01-24 18:11:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Deniable Thumbdrive?  (and taking signal detection 
use as a
Windows2000 and
even IS
1. You should not rely on their encryption alone, you should use your
own crypto on
whatever you store there.   You can carry your whole environment --incl.
copies of tools, digsigs,and keyrings -- with you.   You do, of course,
to trust the hardware/OS you use it with.  "If you don't know the
keep your dongle in your pants"
2. If you use your 'nose' you need to borrow other noses to do a signal
detection study ---tally hits, misses, false alarms, false positives.
get back to us.  We can even characterize and compare the performance
of say human sentries this way; even measure their fatigue, perhaps.  If
FAA/TSA has half a clue they've done this for their x-ray snoopers.

@_date: 2003-01-21 17:39:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: And another one bites the dust: Dissent Takedown 
[x] move supplies & troops
[x] add Turkey, Saudis to shopping cart
[x] work domestic propoganda machine
[x] quiet Wellstone
[x] shut Ritter up
                 Channel Six News has learned former UN Weapons
Inspector and Delmar resident Scott
                 Ritter was arrested during an Internet sex sting
operation.  But it turns out police caught
                 Ritter months before, but declined to press charges.
Sources tell us Ritter tried to meet a
                 14 year-old girl he chatted with online.  He was
instead met by police officers, who let him
                 go.  Ritter was arrested in June of 2001 for allegedly
trying to lure a 16 year-old girl he met
                 online to a Burger King.  But that girl was really an
undercover cop- surfing the web as part
                 of a police sting operation.  Ritter was charged with
attempted endangerment of a child.
                 But the charge was dismissed and the case sealed.  That
means, essentially, that it never
                 happened.  Ritter searched Iraq for weapons in the
years following the Gulf War.  More
                 recently, he's been speaking out against President
Bush's policies on Iraq and is frequently
                 seen on local and national television.
ALBANY, NY, Jan. 20 - More details are emerging about the June 2001
               arrest of former U.N. weapons inspector Scott Ritter of
Delmar. He was
               apparently arrested by Colonie police as part of Internet
sex sting. The
               Schenectady Daily Gazette reports Ritter was under
investigation for a similar
               incident two months earlier.

@_date: 2003-01-16 17:13:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Desert Spam 
Use google.  Search for   Also large bureaucracies use
standard forms like First.Surname or FSurname
Be subtle.  Ask them to disable their weapons and defect.
Tell them you don't hate americans, just the regime.
Make sure you don't post such info where furringers
will see it ---they might abuse it.  Also all that furringer mail
coming into .mil will annoy DIA

@_date: 2003-01-16 17:05:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: The Plague 
Surely you mean inherited, not acquired.
See _Guns Germs and Steel_
Note however, without occasional plagues, a population would lose

@_date: 2003-01-14 16:49:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Brinworld: Samsung SCH-V310 camcorder phone 
Its pretty common to see a "reporter" holding a cell phone up to a
talking head surrounded by more conventional microphones, tape
When a major news medium first uses a video snip recorded from a phone
at the
scene, the Brinworld clock will have advanced another second.
And then some Nokia yahoo will introduce some more interesting features
used to be found in $10K specialized video/recording equiptment
* snap a frame if something moves (security)
* FIFO the last N seconds
* low light/IR/frame accumulate
making the 7segment LED Brinworld clock blick closer to midnight.

@_date: 2003-01-27 16:23:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Secure voice app: FEATURE REQUEST: RECORD IPs 
The versions of all the secure phones I've evaluated needed this
a minimal answering machine.  With just the ability to record IPs of
hosts that
tried to call.
(A local table can map these to your friends or their faces.
Of course, this table should be encrypted when not in use.)
Heck, you could even have an option to send email --or I suppose use
instant-messaging stuff that teenagers are fond of-- from the secure IP
to you, when that phone rings but is not answered.

@_date: 2003-02-03 19:43:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Self-destruct in SZ-4? 
1. Modern munitions arm this way.  If you are an artillery shell
and you've been told to arm, and then felt 10s of Gs along
one axis and a lot of rotation around that axis, you've probably
been fired and can 'safely' explode when you hit something.
2. Why arm a satellite to do this is clear: During launch the rocket
screw up and dump your Top Sekrit satellite into the
drink where Mr. Not-so-Friendly Submarine picks it up.
It doesn't even violate a treaty if you can't use the satellite
offensively (no glide next to a target satellite and go boom).
And everyone puts a self-destruct charge in the launch
vehicle anyway.  Stressful jobs, RSO.

@_date: 2003-02-03 19:47:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "Touching shuttle debris may cause bad spirits 
Yeah, first thing some people will do with space debris on their lawn
is eat it.  (Well, *some* will, but that's how evolution works..)
Berylliosis is mostly from *inhaled* Be dust.  You can touch the metal.
Smell that, son?  Nothing else in the world smells like that....
I love the smell of hydrazine in the morning.... It smells like

@_date: 2003-02-04 03:53:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Shuttle Humor, Risk Estimation 
One wonders whether various large-aperature terrestrial
'scopes could have / did any surveillance / inspection.
(However, I don't even know which side of the bird normally
faces Earth ---black side or cargo side.)
NASA's inability to change a flat on a roadtrip is really remarkable.

@_date: 2003-06-30 23:23:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: 1st amend: non commercial publishers not liable for libel 
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled last Tuesday that Web loggers,
website operators and e-mail list
editors can't be held responsible for libel for information they
republish, extending crucial First
Amendment protections to do-it-yourself online publishers.
Online free speech advocates praised the decision as a victory. The
ruling effectively differentiates
conventional news media, which can be sued relatively easily for libel,
from certain forms of online
communication such as moderated e-mail lists. One implication is that
DIY publishers like bloggers cannot
be sued as easily.
"One-way news publications have editors and fact-checkers, and they're
not just selling information --
they're selling reliability," said Cindy Cohn, legal director of the
Electronic Frontier Foundation. "But on
blogs or e-mail lists, people aren't necessarily selling anything,
they're just engaging in speech. That
freedom of speech wouldn't exist if you were held liable for every piece
of information you cut, paste and
The court based its decision on a section of the 1996 Communications
Decency Act, or the CDA. That
section states, "... no provider or user of an interactive computer
service shall be treated as the publisher
or speaker of any information provided by another information content
provider." Three cases since then

@_date: 2003-06-30 22:54:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
In some cases it would be trivial to distribute a key for DHCP trust
My cable ISP distributes a CDROM which configures Wintel machines for
it.  (I don't use this.)  It would be easy enough for them to distribute
or public keys or even hash sigs that worked with their DHCP, *if* the
could use it, and *if* the users paid attention to whatever UI
In other cases --the visitor who wants to connect a laptop to an office
there is a perhaps unacceptable burden.

@_date: 2003-06-29 08:44:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Low cost cruise missile 
hear that
Its a good thing that SRL [srl.org]  is concerned with art (and pissing
off fire marshalls), not terrorism...
The German V-2 and the US Honest John missiles were both unguided.
That's 50 year old tech.
"Terrorists are the only true avant-garde artists because they're the
only ones who are still capable of really surprising people."
---Laurie Anderson

@_date: 2003-06-25 01:58:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Genes want to be free (MP3=GMO) 
I caught a session of the CA legislature hearing folks talk about GMOs.
Many of the speakers were wanting to ban them from CA, worrying that
if they arrive, they'll contaminate agriculture & commerical fishing,
thereby closing markets (some of which want GMO-free food)
or adding to producer costs via diagnostic tests to assure those
It struck me how 1. futile this is 2. similar to the RIAA's efforts to
stop file sharing.  Because in both cases you can't stop *others* from
inserting a gene, or ripping a track.  And once others do so, its very
difficult to stop their propogation --information wants to be free,
as the teenagers say, or more accurately, is readily copied.
And *short of a police state*, you can't catch 100% of them.  (This
point I learned from this list.)
There are a lot of dead British sheep and Hong Kong chickens, but
(information) will reappear, and the pathogen-sharing (P2P) conditions
Hoof & mouth, avian flu,  BSE, SARS, HIV.  Napster, Morpheus, KaZaa,
Gnutella, etc.
If you say you have no fruit when driving into CA,
the CA food police (yes, they exist) won't search your car.
(Again, the point about anything less than a police state.)
The RIAA can screw with CD formats and
try to 0wn hardware OEMs and ISPs,
but someone will just use the analog hole,
and encrypted onion-routing P2P.
Maybe Zebra mussels will contain a cure for SARS :-)

@_date: 2003-06-25 00:04:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: [Brinworld] LATimes article on Event Data Recorders, privacy, 
June 24, 2003
                    BEHIND THE WHEEL
                    A Key Witness at Crash Scenes: the Black Box
                      Helping investigators reconstruct accidents, data
recorders are not just for jets anymore. But their use has
                    raised privacy concerns.
Most other car makers also use this technology. But GM, and now Ford
Motor Co., decided to allow others
                    access to the data. In 2000, Santa Barbara-based
Vetronix Corp. began selling a data-retrieval system that
                    enables insurance and accident investigators to
download data recorder information. The California Highway
                    Patrol and 10 other law enforcement departments in
the state have the retrieval systems, which cost about
                    $2,500.
Jon Cherney, an Irvine police investigator, used data recorder
information to
                    catch a Rancho Palos Verdes man in a recent
hit-and-run collision. Although the man had denied being
                    involved in the accident, Cherney said the recorder
from his impounded car showed it had been in an
                    accident in the same time period. The case is
pending, he said.
Recently, a consumer variant of the black box has become available. The
device, marketed to parents of
                    teens, emits beeps and other noises when a driver
exceeds 70 mph, takes a turn too quickly or doesn't wear
                    a seat belt. Devices installed by car makers don't
record such regular driving details.
                    Who actually owns the data recorder information is a
central question in the debate over whether it
                    represents an invasion of drivers' privacy.
                    "Your car effectively spies on you," said Marc
Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy
                    Information Center, a civil liberties group based in
Washington, D.C. "It's a little like having the guy from
                    Allstate in the back seat of your car."

@_date: 2003-06-18 16:11:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Hacking for pigs makes you a pig, trojans, 4th amend 
June 18, 2003
Evidence Barred in Ex-O.C. Judge's Child-Porn Case
Writings and photos were illegally obtained from Ronald Kline's
computer, court rules.
By Christine Hanley, Times Staff Writer
A federal judge on Tuesday threw out most of the key evidence in a
child pornography case against a former Orange County judge, ruling that
sexually explicit diary entries and photos were discovered after illegal
searches by a Canadian hacker who was working for police.
The ruling could undermine much of the case against Ronald C. Kline,
arrest drew national attention and ultimately resulted in the judge
dropping his bid
for reelection.
U.S. District Judge
Consuelo B. Marshall in
Los Angeles found that
Kline's 4th Amendment
privacy rights were
violated when Bradley
Willman of Langley,
British Columbia, invaded
his home computer with
a so-called Trojan Horse
In a 12-page decision,
Marshall suppressed all
the evidence seized from
Kline's home and his
home computer, including excerpts from a
computer diary about his sexual desires and more
than 1,500 pornographic photos of young boys.
"The Court finds that Bradley Willman was a government agent at the time
of the intrusion, that Willman
thought of himself as an agent for law enforcement, and that Willman's
motivation was to act for law
enforcement purposes," Marshall wrote.
Willman, the judge ruled, was acting as a tool for police and  as with
any law enforcement agent 
would be barred from seizing any personal property without a search
Marshall left open the question of whether material seized from Kline's
courthouse computer will be allowed,
asking both sides to return Sept. 15 to discuss that matter.

@_date: 2003-06-17 21:05:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Encrypted SMS (alas, closed source) 
also limited-platform (Platform:  Series 60  (Symbian v6) -  for example
the Nokia 7650)
If well implemented looks good.

@_date: 2003-06-17 01:30:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: PGP 8 flaw work-around 
Someone posted a bug wherein PGP 8 (XP version) saw keys >4 years
as expired.  There is a workaround, merely change your passphrase
and resend the key.  (You may change the passphrase to the same

@_date: 2003-06-13 19:18:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Steganography and musical scores? 
That's cute --there's no acoustic difference.  There are also
methods which produce nearly imperceptible differences --you
can adjust the millisecond-scale timings, or the dynamics.
Since these will vary with each performer's rendition anyway,
they're fairly stealthy.

@_date: 2003-06-12 16:42:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Busted for hijacking web site (social engr) 
Man Is Accused of Hijacking Web Site
[*]  He allegedly diverted Al Jazeera viewers to a bogus home page at
the height of the war.
By David Rosenzweig, Times Staff Writer
                    A California man has been charged by federal
authorities with hijacking Al
                    Jazeera's Internet Web site during the Iraqi war and
diverting viewers to a bogus
                    home page that displayed an American flag and the
message, "Let freedom ring."
                    John William Racine II, a 24-year-old Web site
designer from Norco, has agreed
                    to plead guilty to wire fraud and unlawful
interception of an electronic
                    communication, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney's
office said Wednesday .
                    Impersonating an employee of the Arab television
network's Web site, Racine
                    allegedly tricked an Internet service provider into
changing a password that
                    enabled him to commandeer the Al Jazeera site,
according to a criminal complaint.
                    Racine was accused of intercepting about 300 e-mail
messages intended for Al
                    Jazeera before the takeover was discovered during
the height of the war in
                    March.
                    Al Jazeera, the popular Arab satellite television
channel based in Qatar, has been
                    the target of some criticism in the United States
because of its airing of
                    videotaped pronouncements from fugitive Al Qaeda
                    Al Jazeera is backed by the government of Qatar but
is widely perceived as
                    editorially independent, experts said.
                    Racine could not be reached for comment Wednesday.

@_date: 2003-06-25 18:23:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Torture done correctly is a terminal process 
More chance of a leak there; Mossad is highly recommended.
But a terminal interrogation might bury some secrets.  Whereas
a mindfuck approach --fake newspapers, fabricated environments,
informers, nonlethal psychotropics-- can keep your resource going,
and make him leak.
Why do you think the captured al Q dudes are not allowed to speak
to others, it would trash the illusion.
"Torture done correctly is a terminal process" is so old-school...

@_date: 2003-06-11 18:01:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal 
Not a very friendly bug-submission mechanism :-)
What about Java?  Apart from implementation bugs, its secure by design.
"and then you go to jail" is a bad error-handler for a protocol.

@_date: 2003-06-10 16:02:04
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: unregistered shell 
Depends on how sturdily he attached it.  Jeeps (et al) have spots
for gas cans in the rear exterior of the car.  Driving with
a tank of gas in the passenger compartment isn't a good
thing.  Also RVs typically have a few gallons of propane on
an exterior tank.  And welding trucks..
But the real point is that ammo has to be registered.  Amazing.
I found an old, live cartridge in the desert last weekend, tossed it in
the car.  What if I lived near DC instead of SoCal?
"Did you really think that we want those laws to be observed? . . .
We want them broken. You'd better get it straight that it's not a
bunch of boy scouts that you're up against - and then you'll know
that this is not the age for beautiful gestures. We're after power
and we mean it. . . . . There's no way to rule innocent men. The only
power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals.
Well, when there aren't enough criminals one makes them. One declares
so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to
live without breaking laws. Who wants a nation of law-abiding
citizens? What's there in that for anyone? But just pass the kind of
laws that can neither be observed nor enforced nor objectively
interpreted - and you create a nation of lawbreakers - and then you
cash in on the guilt. Now that's the system, . . . that's the game,
and once you understand it, you'll be much easier to deal with."
   From Atlas Shrugged, by Ayn Rand.

@_date: 2003-06-16 17:26:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
Not only the privacy implications, but also the legal evidence
validity.  When you get radared, or ethanol-tested, the measurements
are calibrated.  When your house or computer gets searched, there
is a concept of a chain of control over the evidence, to
assure that no one slips something incriminating into
an evidence bag or onto your disk.
Now, I don't know how subpeoned phone or other
electronic records are handled ---has anyone ever
questioned Telco's or paging company recordkeeping?
Any readers know more?
Are these records merely put forth for the jury to
consider, on the assumption that they will consider
them 'impartial' and also 'infallible'?  (Note that when
red-light-camera operators (TRW) get a cut of the $ take,
judges/juries will sometimes throw out those tickets, on
the basis of calibration & motivation.  San Diego did this.)
The different-diameter tire, and hacked control system
*are* relevent, as well as the EDR system not being designed
for legal-forensic reliability.
Albeit in this particular case, the driver needs to be hung merely on
what's been admitted and what happened.  But in cases
where the EDR is critical to an argument, I wonder.
The PR aspect for the car companies is also very interesting.
Of course, when an EDR *absolves* someone, they will
surely play it up.

@_date: 2003-06-18 16:20:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: 1st amend, thoughtcrime, schools as pipelines to jail 
To establish a criminal threat, it would have to be shown that he wanted
the [threatened] officer to see the
 work, the court said.
"The painting does not appear to be anything other than pictorial
ranting," the court said. "The criminal law
does not, and cannot now, implement a zero-tolerance policy concerning
the expressive depiction of
Schools are becoming one of the primary pipelines to the juvenile
justice system," said Shannan Wilber,
executive director of Legal Services for Children in San Francisco.
Excerpts from

@_date: 2003-06-19 14:41:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Destroying computers 
A Southern senator.  Need I say more?
Trivial to do, and legal, if they are advised and consent by clicking
M$'s auto bug- / RAMsnooping- reporting is legal since the lUsers
One man's trojan is another's remote control / file sharing program,
Similarly an encryption program that won't decrypt without a license.
I have often considered releasing binaries with a EULA that stipulates
various actions taken if found to be running on machines whose IP
reverse-lookups to an evil, (specified) TLD.  No different than a demo
program that won't save results without a license; if the license is
automatically for non-evil TLDs.  Similarly with M$'s auto posting of
Of course, that astronomy Professor Usher would be pretty bummed when
his research was toasted by an RIAA killbot, but then the Prof employs a
provocatory surname, no?  "Collateral damage" -hey, he could change his
name, after all.  Maybe to David Nelson :-)
If programmers are liable for security flaws in code, are legislators
for unconstitutional laws they pass?

@_date: 2003-06-19 19:44:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: You Don't Say 
shocked that some of them may have been >subjected to the sort of
manhandling that occurs in the hallways of middle schools throughout the
Manhandling the bitch Coulter tolerates, and then is surprised when the
manhandled show up in trenchcoats,
with guns, lots of guns, and a simple exit plan.
Analogies to US policies, 9/11, etc left as an exercise to the reader.
An RPG a day keeps the invaders away...

@_date: 2003-06-24 23:57:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Army patents biowar tech, aiding the enemy, indicting itself 
Helping the Enemy?
      The U.S. Army is catching some flak for patenting two devices that
could be used to
      launch bioweapons. Critics say the patents may violate a
weapons-control treaty--and
      could give terrorists a blueprint for manufacturing the devices.
      The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued the two patents
(numbers 6,523,478 and
      6,047,644) over the last year. One details a "nonlethal cargo
dispenser" that attaches to
      the end of a rifle and uses a bullet's momentum to zip a chemical
or biological payload to
      its target. The other describes a cartridge that can spread an
aerosol cloud.
      The Sunshine Project, a nonprofit arms-control group with offices
in Austin, Texas, and
      Hamburg, Germany, first raised questions about the patents last
month, saying they
      appeared to violate the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention,
which bars the
      development of delivery devices. And this month, Greg Aharonian,
publisher of the
      prominent Internet Patent News Service, piled on. "Which words in
the phrase 'aiding
      and abetting the enemy' does the Army not understand?" he asks,
adding that "it is
      hypocritical to complain about countries developing biological and
chemical weapons
      when we are openly educating them on how to do so." He says the
military should have
      classified the patents. The Army says it is looking into the

@_date: 2003-06-19 19:39:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Senators from Utah being Southern 
Well, it is southern w.r.t. certain states, but yeah, y'all got me.
But what I meant was, a jeebus-talking, flag-waving pinhead.
A look at hatchmusic.com (while its still up :-) supports that
Not all niggers are negroes, you know.  And many negroes
are not niggers.  Substitute "southern"...  its culture, not
genes or geography.
I'll leave it as an exercise to the reader to discover with whom
I was confusing, or what other senators (and other
elected federal officials) give that impression.
"The government of the United States is not, in any sense, founded on
Christian religion." George Washington, November 4, 1796

@_date: 2003-06-21 17:24:04
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Is Hatch a Mormon or a crypto Satanist? 
Laz-Z-Boy on
Surely you jest.  Anyone in any office in Utah is a Mormon.  And most of
the profs
at the universities there.  Good luck trying to buy a beer, BTW.
If they didn't own Utah, they would be firebombed faster than you can
say Janet Reno.
They only got to own Utah because they Judased their own religious
beliefs (polygamy)
to suck up to the rest of the (puritan-based) country.
I have no beef with anyone practicing their mental illnesses privately,
but when they
use the violence of the State to coerce others, they need killing.
Reminds me of when a sociologist was interviewing a southern farmer:
Why do you think the murder rate is higher in the south?
I guess more southerners need killin'.
as told by Aaron Evans

@_date: 2003-07-22 16:52:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: A tiny bit of karma for BA 
LONDON (AFP) - British Airways was battling to clear a backlog of
passengers stranded at London's Heathrow Airport, some of whom had been
stuck there for four days after a wildcat strike by check-in staff.

@_date: 2003-07-21 23:22:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Defeating Optical Tempest will be easy... 
Thank you.  Have a hard time keeping them straight.  Probably a textual
clue that will undermine my pseudo-anonymity some day :-)
Yes but anything that picks up the weak X-ray will be sensitive to other
normal background ionizing.  With a proportional counter like a
combo, where you could discriminate different types of radiation on the
basis of pulse height,
but you'll be down in the photomultiplier tube's noise.  And as a cosmic
ray secondary
slows down it can generate x-rays.
Maybe if the Adversary is allowed cryogenic detectors in the next room
over... he still has to deal with the attenuating
coefficient for drywall, etc.  And again, I think basically nothing gets
through the glass.
limit[*], and
That's pretty hot, actually.   A glass vial of 5 gms U Acetate is only
twice that,
a few mm from the alpha-window of a GM detector.
And the broad face of a CRT means 1/R^2 doesn't apply until you
get some distance away... more like 1/R for an infinite slab.
Since the signal is rastering at MHz, you can't very well integrate
ionizing radiation over long times,
as you could to say detect the betas coming out of a jar of salt
substitute (potassium).
Roentgens are defined as producing a certain amount of ionization in dry
The photons doing the ionizing would range from the 10's of keV for
to MeV for gammas.  (Careful with that brightness control Eugene!)  An
pair takes about 37 eV to form.  Compare with visible light's very small
blue to red.
It's a
I hope you don't do this all the time...
As do TVs.  Nowadays its the Radon daughters attracted to the charged
that will be giving you your RDA (Radiation Daily Allowance.. RDA is a
Yank FDA pun)
Also some of the TV radiation was from HV tubes inside the box; that was
solved by first
using leaded glass (hack!) and then more elegantly by getting rid of

@_date: 2003-07-20 19:45:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [Dewayne-Net] RE: [IP] Gilmore bounced from plane; and 
It would have been quite amusing for JG to wear a "Those who sacrifice
liberty for security.."
button (or T-shirt, rather a lot of text for a button) and get kicked
His button must not have been attached with a standard pin, they could
have disallowed
the pointy pin, on the basis of pointyness, not the message attached to
On the matter of free speech, "Fuck the TSA" would be pretty well
protected by the
"Fuck the Draft" precedent, at least in the (federal-territory) airport,
if not the plane itself.
Of course there are limits in regards to freedom of speech.  They are as
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and
petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
Everything else is, of course, allowed.  -Sunder

@_date: 2003-07-18 12:13:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Optical Tempest? I have my doubts... 
On a black background you have higher contrast, which you don't want
The eye is most sensitive to greenish, so if you are trying to reduce
the signal, use barely visible green.
On a nearly-same-luminance green background.
Green on green or gray on gray is *low contrast*.
That's what you want.
(You may as well use gray on gray, assume the adversary has color
vision, and might even
have the CIE chart on your monitor phosphor.  The different RGB
phosphors also have different decay times, which smears the signal
if the adversary has no color vision)
Possibly dither the text.  You might also have brighter
lines or areas on the screen to obscure the signal from the less-bright
e-beamed text areas.  Actual distribution should depend on the decay
over time
of the phosphor (you want the bright "distractors" to be as bright
as the text-pixel even though the distractor is no longer illuminated
by the e beam).
You also want some incandescants and fluorescant lights, the latter
running off batteries (with switching converters) so they run out of
phase and frequency with the ones on wall current.  Optical jamming.
Or just close the windowshade and put a towel under the door gap.
(Others may think you're [sm|t]oking, however.. and with the
multiple, multitinted fluorescants, they'll think you're growing too)
Or use a box.
(I once did med-imaging related vision experiments... the setup was a
Sun with
a calibrated greyscale monitor, in a medical office, behind the
receptionists until
we got more space... we had a giant cardboard box over the monitor &
subject to
control ambient light.. which stayed while I was programming it too.. it
amused the patients
who came in to see their cardiologist to see a guy working with his head
in a big box..
probably would have been more disconcerting if the MD was a psychiatrist

@_date: 2003-07-17 20:24:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: 1st amend: fiction != reality, words not kiddy pr0n 
Appeals Court Dismisses Ohio Man's Guilty Plea in Obscenity Case
Involving Fictitious Stories
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - A state appeals court on Thursday dismissed the
guilty plea of a man imprisoned for writing fictitious stories of child
torture and molestation.
Lawyers specializing in the First Amendment believe Brian Dalton was the
first person in the United States successfully prosecuted for child
pornography that involved fictional writings, not images.
The 10th Ohio District Court of Appeals in Columbus ruled that Dalton
received ineffective legal assistance. Dalton had argued that his former
lawyer didn't inform him of the legal implications of a guilty plea or
ask for an immediate dismissal on First Amendment grounds.
The 3-0 ruling sends the case back to Franklin County Common Pleas
Court. Dalton could still be tried but prosecutors have not said whether
they would seek to do so.
Ray Vasvari, the American Civil Liberties Union's state legal director
in Cleveland, called the decision an "important recognition for not only
freedom of speech but freedom of thought."
Dalton, 24, of Columbus, pleaded guilty in July 2001 to pandering
obscenity involving a minor, which falls under Ohio's pornography law.
He later asked to withdraw the plea so he could challenge the
constitutionality of the law, but Franklin County Common Pleas Judge
Nodine Miller refused. ACLU attorneys then appealed.
Miller had sentenced Dalton to seven years, plus 4 1/2 years from a 1998
child pornography conviction on the grounds he violated probation by
possessing the journal.
The 14-page journal contained stories about three children - ages 10 and
11 - being caged in a basement, molested and tortured. Prosecutors
acknowledged the stories were pure fiction.
The journal was found by Dalton's probation officer during a routine
search of his home.
Dalton was charged under Ohio's 1989 child porn law, which bans
possession of obscene material involving children. He was not charged
under Ohio's obscenity law, which requires dissemination and not just
The appeals court found that Dalton's defense attorney, Isabella Dixon,
misunderstood the two charges against her client.
Both charges were based on the journal and involved fictitious events,
the court found. Dixon, it said, had erroneously believed one of the
charges was based on a letter Dalton wrote describing sexual molestation
of a young cousin, a real person.
"This misunderstanding was significant because of the important
differences in the constitutional protections afforded the private
possession of pornographic depictions of real children and similar
depictions of fictional children," Judge William Klatt said, writing for
the majority.
A message was left with Dixon seeking comment.

@_date: 2003-07-17 06:06:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Swiss cheese by Microsoft 
Microsoft Admits Flaw in Windows Software
WASHINGTON - Microsoft Corp. acknowledged a critical vulnerability
Wednesday in nearly all versions of its flagship Windows operating
software, the first such design flaw to affect its latest Windows Server
Microsoft said corporate firewalls commonly block the type of data
that hackers outside a company would need for these attacks. The flaw
Windows technology used to share data files across computer networks.
[Yes but a virus can exploit from *within* the system.]
But four Polish researchers, known as the "Last Stage of Delirium
Group," said they discovered how to bypass the additional protections
added, just three months after the software went on sale.
[Gotta love that acronym..]
Router attack, ca. 1954:
Bikers disable a town's router infrastructure in _The Wild Ones_.
Her name is Dorothy, she runs a plugboard, she runs off scared.

@_date: 2003-07-15 17:35:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: MPAA vs. Net anonymity, AB 1143 
Studios Stage Fight Against Internet Bill
                    By Jon Healey, Times Staff Writer
                    The Hollywood studios are fighting a
                    battle in Sacramento to derail a bill they say would
                    promote online piracy  though the bill has little
to do
                    with downloading movies.
                    Actually, the fight may have more to do with who's
                    behind the legislation: the Electronic Frontier
                    a civil liberties and technology advocacy group that
                    frequently opposes the studios' anti-piracy
                    The measure by Assemblyman Joe Simitian (D-Palo
                    would help Internet users maintain the anonymity
                    have in chat rooms and elsewhere on the Internet
                    sued in state court for something they said or did
                    Passed by the Assembly on June 2 and scheduled for a
                    Senate Judiciary Committee hearing today, AB 1143
                    would require Internet services to notify customers
                    subpoenas seeking their identities and give
customers 30
                    days to challenge the requests in court.
                    Because it would apply to lawsuits in state courts,
the bill
                    wouldn't affect people accused of pirating movies or
                    other copyrighted works online. Copyright cases are
                    heard in federal court.

@_date: 2003-07-10 11:22:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: we jammin, we hope you like jammin too 
U.S. satellite feeds to Iran jammed
(Note that the "difficulty" of finding the jammer is disinfo...
the NRO / NSA knows *exactly* where the jammers are,
probably the color of their hats.  Note that the US fomenting
civil war with its agitprop is only mentioned obliquely.)

@_date: 2003-07-09 18:07:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [CI] Re: Finding collision resistant hash functions 
Again, unless you know something about the distribution
of your input AND their interaction with your chosen
hash function, you gain nothing by remapping (compression
or otherwise) your input.  And again, a good hash function
will disperse your input randomly, regardless of its clustering.
So pick a crypto-like hash function
(which guarantees random dispersion)
and use it.  You can't do better unless
you "cheat" and know your input before
you pick a hash function.  And picking pathological
inputs (to cause collisions) will be hard.
while (input)
    hash = hash ^ DES( input, fixed_key )
return hash
The only reason to compress would be to
cut down the number of DES operations,
useful only if compression is cheaper than DES.

@_date: 2003-07-05 16:19:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: A firewall problem? 
You are confusing a firewall with a protocol like IPsec that
provides authentication and replay resistance (using crypto).
A firewall is just a packet filter --if this field is that, do this.
(Steve Bellovin has an online book about them you might enjoy.)
Sometimes they're clever and look inside
the streams, but this won't resist the attacks you're talking about.
Various components of IPsec will.  Read up on how it does that.

@_date: 2003-07-05 16:03:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: [Reverse panopticon] Govt Information Awareness 
Researchers at the MIT Media Lab unveiled the Government Information
Awareness, or GIA, website
Friday. Using applications developed at the Media Lab, GIA collects and
collates information about
government programs, plans and politicians from the general public and
numerous online sources.
Currently the database contains information on more than 3,000 public
The premise of GIA is that if the government has a right to know
personal details about citizens, then
citizens have a right to similar information about the government.

@_date: 2003-07-03 08:00:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: talking to coworkers = deemed exports 
The Commerce Department considers some U.S. transfers of commercial
technologies to
foreign workers as exports. In some cases, U.S. companies may be
required to obtain a
deemed-export license before giving foreign-born employees access to
[shades of the old crypto days, where you couldn't ask a colleage from
another country
to review your code.. this time its China, India they're freaking about]

@_date: 2003-07-01 04:44:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Warchalking does not exist: a wager. 
wash away.
Publishing a table of GPS coords and other info sounds like something
2600 would do, for yucks.
(In fact, I thought I had seen such tables there, but couldn't find it
in a brief scan of my issues.)

@_date: 2003-07-03 07:41:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Reporter writing article on proffr/mattd and threats 
How does one authenticate that a voice on a phone is a reporter?
Or is my sarcasm/wryness detector stuck?
We are all  reporters, we are all book sellers. We are all first class
objects. --Tim May

@_date: 2003-07-09 17:59:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Do cats buy a lot of audiophile equiptment :8=||
Actually I thought humans are insensitive to phase relations, modulo
inter-aural timing at low frequencies for spatial location.  Perhaps
is what you meant?   But spatial location isn't the same as the
audiophiles go for.  To do that well you need casts of the outer ear
You doing owl-type studies on auditory localization?  Audio-visual
and plasticity?   Making the cats wear funky glasses?

@_date: 2003-07-09 17:59:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Do cats buy a lot of audiophile equiptment :8=||
Actually I thought humans are insensitive to phase relations, modulo
inter-aural timing at low frequencies for spatial location.  Perhaps
is what you meant?   But spatial location isn't the same as the
audiophiles go for.  To do that well you need casts of the outer ear
You doing owl-type studies on auditory localization?  Audio-visual
and plasticity?   Making the cats wear funky glasses?

@_date: 2003-07-08 23:09:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Regular vinyl is (was) also recorded with all kinds of filters, too,
including the lowpass ones.
If you cut vinyl (or metal) through a signal chain that didn't
impose the filtering, perhaps the ultrasonics would remain,
which is perhaps the analogophiles claim.  You would need
a special vinyl cutter though.  Some of the filtering imposed
on vinyl was to not fry the cutter, or otherwise deal with its inertia.
(BTW, I thought your Monster USB cable was a prank.. its not..
some folks just don't get digital..)

@_date: 2003-07-08 19:33:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
I haven't, but it does ring true.  You'd get 2 Khz as well as other
intermodulation products.  Standard EE stuff.
You've read about the company trying to sell highly localized
speakers?  They modulate two intense ultrasound beams, and the
air does the nonlinear mixing where they meet.
In the audiophile, lower-intensity case,
the ears' nonlinearity would do it.  Interesting info, Peter.

@_date: 2003-07-08 15:56:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
There are some very nice DAC <--> ADC chains and some well shielded
cables.  The real problem with the old analogue world was *successive*
copying.  One conversion is fine almost always.
Real and
Take a look at the quality of the .MP3s that give Hillary the shits.
Take a look at the psychoacoustic compromises in even the best MP3
Consider that music is often listened to on small computer speakers with
fan noise,
or in cars with road noise and horrible acoustic chamber properties.
Even those who listen with headphones seem to enjoy MP3s.
Then I would not buy stock in RIAA-type companies, nor would I extend
credit to their employees.  I guess we'll see.

@_date: 2003-07-08 02:34:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Hilary R and Jack V are *far* more fucked than mere
Any human-consumable (analogue) input is readily recordable with
a single, one-time ADC, and thereafter is toast.  DRM is a fraud
perpetrated by engineers on Hollywood suits.  Good for employment

@_date: 2003-07-07 12:00:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re:  Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Frankly its obvious you haven't worked (or thought about
the constraints) on a commercial
product with a deadline / resource constraints
or worked on something extremely cost sensitive
like commodity drives/chipsets.
Here, ponder this: why are there no oxygen sensor
or manifold temperature or ignition-phase (etc) displays
in ordinary cars?
(Although there probably are in custom race cars)  You
know (much like the analog CD signal) they're being measured
and used by the ECU.  So, why not?
Chew on that one for a while, grasshopper.
Economics is applied physics.

@_date: 2003-07-06 15:49:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re:  Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
And think of the ulcers you would cause the TLAs!  Assuming they got
disks and not your custom drive...
There's a good reason why, viz: it would cost the drive developer to
or export this flexibility.  Since very few customers are sick enough
:-) to want to invent
their own incompatible formats it simply isn't worth their
development-engineering time or
end-product resources (eg gates) in such a commodity product.

@_date: 2003-07-06 05:48:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
This is a valid idea.  You do have to get in there with delicate probes
to read the amplified analog signal, its not available past the drive.
The people who already do this are called test engineers for CD drive
Or the data-recovery techs for the NSA et al.
I doubt that hardcore pirates bother, they may as well just do a single
high quality
ADC.   That, as has been mentioned here before, is always the fatal
flaw, even
if you put the DAC in your DRM chip (and solve the resulting noise
"Yes, we know they have logic analyzers in Hong Kong" --a Sony engineer
confronted with weaknesses in the design of a DRM box

@_date: 2003-07-08 02:57:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
Not at all.  Much like gambling, sometimes you win "randomly"
if you stop playing after that.  "Random" is a word that means
"ignorance" and both you and the insurer are ignorant about
your true lifespan.  You only play the life-insurance game once :-)
One person's need does not make another a slave.
BTW One could argue that driver's insurance is *more* necessary
than medical insurance, because to exist daily you need to drive.
But again, need and slaves.
Some pay cash.  You can do without car insurance if you post a bond.
Others depend on *voluntary* charity --though nowadays this competes
with compulsory (taxed) welfare.
You forget that if the insurer bets wrong, they have to pay up and cash
in their investments.  For certain investments, premature withdrawl
costs more
than sitting on the cash.  Otherwise, like banks, or landlords with
or other putatively free agents, insurers are free to do with their
funds as they please.
So long as they hold up their end of the contracts they've entered.
FWIW, the rock climber's choice of ancestors (!) has more to do with
their heart attack (etc) risk than their choice of avocation.
The flip side of Tim's comment is that you can pay extra for things you
are at risk for.  In a truly free market, insurers would offer packages
customized to your risk.  Genomic tendancy towards X?  Pay more,
get more ---including max payout.  Little tendancy towards Y?  Pay
less.  Rational people follow Pascal --you include probability in your
reasoning about costs.  Of course, in a free society, you are free to
be irrational, too.  (And consume whatever, and enjoy masochism, etc.)
[oblig] Those who would constrain those freedoms have earned killing.

@_date: 2003-07-08 02:41:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
Hey, I oppose *anything* which is forced upon others, even if *I*
deem it as "good".
Yeah, like raise armies, feed bureaucraps, etc.  Still, I don't
hold it against the farmers.  Besides, the dominant cultures
are descendants of farmers.  See the writings of Jared Diamond.
Well, if they *like* it, only violent coercion would cause reversion.
I was thinking something like, the diabetes-fix package causes premature
death or something bothersome like that.
Obviously the "service pack 6 nasal spray" needs to refuse to install
on folks without the proper prior install.  Also it needs to avoid
spurious installation on folks who don't want it ---maybe you have
to take a snort of some antibiotic combo at the same time to activate
which is a current technique used for turning on inserted genes.

@_date: 2003-07-07 18:41:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
Could you explain how this could be?   Any gene has a chance of
continuing unless its on the father's Y he has only daughters.
(Patrilineal surnames behave like this.  I believe there's
a "Cohen"-surname related gene set.)
(Mitochondrial chromos of course are matrilineal always.
For clones they come from the surrogate.)
Males can always keep any maternal gene going, even if its
not expressed.
What's wrong with voluntary eugenics?  The invention of agriculture
a policy of negative eugenics that culminates with the industrial
state paying stupids to breed, while others chose birth control.  And
banning somatic or germ line fixes to diseases, if you can do them,
is as compassionate as banning insulin.  Which isn't even a fix, just
a workaround.
If a germ line fix has an unintended side effect, you either undo it
(revert back to being inclined towards diabetes, if this is preferable
to the side effect, say) or you debug or patch it.  Current & historical
medicine is filled with such things for mere *temporary* meds that
don't cure anything.
"This nasal spray contains a vector with Service Pack 6 for the
germ-line diabetes package installed by your grandfather"

@_date: 2003-07-07 16:11:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
Interesting, thanks.  Even a brother's daughter could be refused.
Perhaps this is the basis for the social stigma of mentally ill
relatives --it says something (probabilistic) about the speaker.
Still, you'll find out when they end up in the hospital.  Its useful
knowledge to know your genes ---I know adopted people who
regret not having any clue.  I know that my prostate will explode
when I get older.  I'd like to know more.  Sticking your head
in the sand is rarely helpful.
Most descendants of germ-cell-fixed diabetes (etc) will probably
not regret the tinkering of their ancestors, unless there are unintended
side effects :-)  But yeah, interesting
times we live in.  I've never heard anyone curse their ancestors
for the genetic diseases they've inherited, probably because they
wouldn't exist except for the ancestors.  ("Damn, grandpa, couldn't
you have married someone in better health?")  Also little good
cursing would do.
Insurance companies are private entities, so IMHO its moral for
them to gather intel (eg, checking blood for nicotine metabolites),
or give discounts for folks who've had certain inherited diseases fixed
in the future.  Or eat better, drive safer, exchange fluids less
promiscuously, whatever.
I'm more worried about the State, which coerces with violence.

@_date: 2003-07-07 12:14:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
Yes, of course, in this *particular* case.  Which is irrelevent.
The point is that there are undiscussed evidentiary problems using
relatives' DNA,
hinging on the assumption that "blood relatives actually share blood",
in layspeak.

@_date: 2003-07-06 06:51:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
Slashdot pointed to this story of a man indicted via
his *relative's* DNA sample:
But an interesting, unmentioned issue is this: in population
DNA surveys you find that a lot of purported fathers *aren't*.
So the possibility of indicting a cuckolded man on the basis
of nominal (only) relatives is quite real.
[list rel: tech DBs, errors, law, biosurveillance]

@_date: 2003-07-06 06:51:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
Slashdot pointed to this story of a man indicted via
his *relative's* DNA sample:
But an interesting, unmentioned issue is this: in population
DNA surveys you find that a lot of purported fathers *aren't*.
So the possibility of indicting a cuckolded man on the basis
of nominal (only) relatives is quite real.
[list rel: tech DBs, errors, law, biosurveillance]

@_date: 2003-07-07 12:09:46
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Finding collision resistant hash functions 
or how are we supposed to
Because there are no collision *free* hash functions,
there will always be several domain elements that map to the
same range element.  Assuming more domain elements than
range elements, which is generally what people mean by hashing.
You're not asking the right question, you need more constraints
on the type of hash functions and their resistance to collisions.
You're probably looking for functions that make it hard to intentionally
find arguments that produce hashes identical to a given one.
There's an incredibly dry taxonomically-inclined downloadable text on
this somewhere
but the margin of my screen is too small to contain the url.  You'll
have to use language more precisely to get any use out of it.

@_date: 2003-07-07 21:23:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Genetic engineering [was: RE: DNA of relative indicts man, 
Although your examples are important, anyone who
has or has known someone with depression,
schizophrenia, or ADD [1] will argue that *subjectively unpleasant*
mental ills are as worth fixing as bad teeth.  If not more so.
I fear that those in
Agreed, as with the rest of your post.  There are real
horrorshow future possibilities.
One more point.  What is "adaptive" depends on
your environment.  As I try to explain to my
more pigmented wife (it comes up because my
3.8 year old is in the "why" phase) while I'd get skin cancer
in tropical zones, she'd get rickets in more
northerly areas.
Extrapolate to personality properties like
"inhibition" (recently shown to be persistant
from 2 to 20 year olds ie genetic)  "aggression", etc.
[1] Please don't lets start the flame about chemical coercion
in mandatory youth education camps.  Real ADD
fucks people up.  Which is not to say that M.Y.E.C.
are well designed nor that ADD treatments are abused.

@_date: 2003-07-08 16:00:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [CI] Re: Finding collision resistant hash functions 
You don't need one with a good hash function.
Consider a hash made out of a block cipher digesting
the input.  A block cipher has the property that any
one bit difference in input will change half the output
bits on average.  There's nothing gained by increasing
the input entropy (compressing).

@_date: 2003-07-08 19:16:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: idea: brinworld meets the credit card 
Authentication is "Something you have / know / are."
A simple plastic credit card + PIN provides the first two,
including a photo provides the third "something you are".
A face is more often checked than the readily forgable
signature, in live authentication.
But as cameras become ubiquitous
(e.g., in cell phones) some extra security could be obtained
for *remote* authentication by sending a trusted photo of the
account holder plus a live picture of the card user.
A picture glued into the card could be forged, but a
smartcard (with more data area than a magstripe)
could include a picture of the account holder,
so a thief has no idea what to look like.  But the vendor can
check the encrypted smartcard face to the face on the phone
or webcam.  For high-value remote transactions, where you
pay someone to check faces, this might be viable in a few years.
In a few years after that, machines might be able to check faces
more cheaply, as reliably.
The live face-check with embedded digital photos is already standard
on high-security building-entry cards (and passports?),
with the guard comparing the card-embedded face to the one before him.
Ubiquitous cameras will bring that face-check to remote transactions,
reducing cost due to lower fraud.

@_date: 2003-07-10 16:19:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: MRAM, persistance of memory 
I'm familiar with 100 Mhz 32b MIPS cores that cost about $10 and include
2 ethernet i/faces.
Intended for cheap SOHO routers, etc.  Newer variants include IPsec
(e.g., a DES engine) for the same price.  They'll run Linux.
ARM's advantage is in power consumption, AFAIK, which doesn't always
I can see other reasons for hacking an answering machine ---encrypting
stored messages,
implementing/augmenting your own DTMF decision tree, allowing some to
leave longer messages than others, even
machines that call another number to forward.    (I once worked on a
system that implemented a POTS i/f as boards in a Wintel machine, its
now extinct) niche was cheapening international phone calls.)  Cheapo
are able to do ring detection, pick up, etc.  Probably a fun project,
the POTS i/f
won't go away soon.

@_date: 2003-07-09 17:23:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: MRAM, persistance of memory 
The persistance of memory could be a problem if your melting
clocks are swarmed by spooky ants.
Wired has an article on magetic RAM
that fails to mention security implications.  Obviously
nonvolitile RAM presents a different security risk than
RAM that forgets when powered off.  Will future OSes
have provisions to keep certain data out of MRAM banks,
if MRAM doesn't completely displace DRAM?
I doubt it.
And shutting off your virtual memory swapping
--useful today because of the gobs of DRAM machines have--
will no longer be useful for security.
Not so obviously to the layman is how many times MRAM
must be overwritten to keep the TLAs away.  (Exactly
analogous to scrubbing a disk.)  While this is trivial to do for
if the OS keeps copies of sensitive info this might require
more than a huge malloc() & overwrites before shutdown.

@_date: 2003-07-09 20:55:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool (meow) 
Yes this is for localization ---clicks are broadband, you need to
identify which freq components are used.  I still think
humans can't discriminate the phase of a tone.  In fact, MP3s
use this to cut bits.
Gaak.  I was thinking prism-glasses maybe bolted on that translate the
vis field.
Its ok for undergrads so its ok for cats.
After the experiments, the cats
will be ok, as I assume they're sufficiently
plastic, unless you do brain staining on them.  :-(    Or your policy is
Tim McVeigh treatment.
Cool stuff, though my domestic feline wants to know where you live.
PS: have you identified the "can opener sound" brain-center yet?
Cats manage biometrics and reputation better than most human systems..

@_date: 2003-07-15 16:05:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: MRAM, persistence of memory 
Stego + broadcast is indeed your friend.
Epoxy and other conformal coatings are also your friends.

@_date: 2003-07-15 03:11:01
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: MRAM, persistence of memory 
have it
Its called the power button.  Which is why MRAM is a different security
One could design software such that only the least required is decrypted
at any one time, which would minimize the risk from persistant memory
after you offed the power.  There would probably be a serious
hit in such software, but tradeoffs are what the game is about.

@_date: 2003-07-15 17:35:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: MPAA vs. Net anonymity, AB 1143 
Studios Stage Fight Against Internet Bill
                    By Jon Healey, Times Staff Writer
                    The Hollywood studios are fighting a
                    battle in Sacramento to derail a bill they say would
                    promote online piracy  though the bill has little
to do
                    with downloading movies.
                    Actually, the fight may have more to do with who's
                    behind the legislation: the Electronic Frontier
                    a civil liberties and technology advocacy group that
                    frequently opposes the studios' anti-piracy
                    The measure by Assemblyman Joe Simitian (D-Palo
                    would help Internet users maintain the anonymity
                    have in chat rooms and elsewhere on the Internet
                    sued in state court for something they said or did
                    Passed by the Assembly on June 2 and scheduled for a
                    Senate Judiciary Committee hearing today, AB 1143
                    would require Internet services to notify customers
                    subpoenas seeking their identities and give
customers 30
                    days to challenge the requests in court.
                    Because it would apply to lawsuits in state courts,
the bill
                    wouldn't affect people accused of pirating movies or
                    other copyrighted works online. Copyright cases are
                    heard in federal court.

@_date: 2003-07-15 17:35:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: MPAA vs. Net anonymity, AB 1143 
Studios Stage Fight Against Internet Bill
                    By Jon Healey, Times Staff Writer
                    The Hollywood studios are fighting a
                    battle in Sacramento to derail a bill they say would
                    promote online piracy  though the bill has little
to do
                    with downloading movies.
                    Actually, the fight may have more to do with who's
                    behind the legislation: the Electronic Frontier
                    a civil liberties and technology advocacy group that
                    frequently opposes the studios' anti-piracy
                    The measure by Assemblyman Joe Simitian (D-Palo
                    would help Internet users maintain the anonymity
                    have in chat rooms and elsewhere on the Internet
                    sued in state court for something they said or did
                    Passed by the Assembly on June 2 and scheduled for a
                    Senate Judiciary Committee hearing today, AB 1143
                    would require Internet services to notify customers
                    subpoenas seeking their identities and give
customers 30
                    days to challenge the requests in court.
                    Because it would apply to lawsuits in state courts,
the bill
                    wouldn't affect people accused of pirating movies or
                    other copyrighted works online. Copyright cases are
                    heard in federal court.

@_date: 2003-07-15 21:42:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Sealing wax, funny looking dogtags 
Both more apparent and more physically difficult.
:-)  Only modern sealing waxes don't melt, adhere extremely well,
and make tampering evident.  They also mean the Adversary
has to spend a lot more time... maybe more than one visit.
but probably
You seem to think I thought the epoxy would be used like a seal,
with the signet ring and all, visually verified when you sit down.
That's too lame, any hobbyist whose good with casting can dupe it.
I just meant that if Scarfo had epoxied his keyboard to his chassis
properly, (and epoxied the keyboard, etc.) he might still be free
(to pick shitty passphrases, it turned out).
And some "sealing waxes" such as those used on nuclear weapons
and verification devices, are very difficult to duplicate.  Given, they
require special equipment to read.  (Fine reflector particles dispersed
in clear epoxies)
Or, as has been discussed here before, if Nico did his crypto work on
a handheld that stayed with him.  (An epoxy-sealed one, of course.)
Your suggestions re USB, PCMCIA, etc. are in the same line.
Better, because they're smaller.  However, I don't know of a card that
you can
*shower* with, which is frankly what's required.  It can't ever leave
you.  A keychain fob is not good enough.  Even a finger ring gets
Yes, but Scarfo's DirOpSec should have been able to convince him
that at the hourly rate the Company pays him, he should put up with
it :-)  He can surf for porn on a different machine.  As long as he
knows to use different passwords there...
I like the dual use of keeping a security-sensitive PC in a gun safe
which also keeps the guns dry :-)   You could have the door opening
the PC, too.  A nice lead lining will keep the black bag x-ray team
(they'll borrow a unit from the bomb squad) from seeing much.
"The ultimate in paranoia is not when everyone is against you
but when everything is against you."  PKD
(and quite apropos here)

@_date: 2003-07-15 21:42:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Sealing wax, funny looking dogtags 
Both more apparent and more physically difficult.
:-)  Only modern sealing waxes don't melt, adhere extremely well,
and make tampering evident.  They also mean the Adversary
has to spend a lot more time... maybe more than one visit.
but probably
You seem to think I thought the epoxy would be used like a seal,
with the signet ring and all, visually verified when you sit down.
That's too lame, any hobbyist whose good with casting can dupe it.
I just meant that if Scarfo had epoxied his keyboard to his chassis
properly, (and epoxied the keyboard, etc.) he might still be free
(to pick shitty passphrases, it turned out).
And some "sealing waxes" such as those used on nuclear weapons
and verification devices, are very difficult to duplicate.  Given, they
require special equipment to read.  (Fine reflector particles dispersed
in clear epoxies)
Or, as has been discussed here before, if Nico did his crypto work on
a handheld that stayed with him.  (An epoxy-sealed one, of course.)
Your suggestions re USB, PCMCIA, etc. are in the same line.
Better, because they're smaller.  However, I don't know of a card that
you can
*shower* with, which is frankly what's required.  It can't ever leave
you.  A keychain fob is not good enough.  Even a finger ring gets
Yes, but Scarfo's DirOpSec should have been able to convince him
that at the hourly rate the Company pays him, he should put up with
it :-)  He can surf for porn on a different machine.  As long as he
knows to use different passwords there...
I like the dual use of keeping a security-sensitive PC in a gun safe
which also keeps the guns dry :-)   You could have the door opening
the PC, too.  A nice lead lining will keep the black bag x-ray team
(they'll borrow a unit from the bomb squad) from seeing much.
"The ultimate in paranoia is not when everyone is against you
but when everything is against you."  PKD
(and quite apropos here)

@_date: 2003-07-15 21:42:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Sealing wax, funny looking dogtags 
Both more apparent and more physically difficult.
:-)  Only modern sealing waxes don't melt, adhere extremely well,
and make tampering evident.  They also mean the Adversary
has to spend a lot more time... maybe more than one visit.
but probably
You seem to think I thought the epoxy would be used like a seal,
with the signet ring and all, visually verified when you sit down.
That's too lame, any hobbyist whose good with casting can dupe it.
I just meant that if Scarfo had epoxied his keyboard to his chassis
properly, (and epoxied the keyboard, etc.) he might still be free
(to pick shitty passphrases, it turned out).
And some "sealing waxes" such as those used on nuclear weapons
and verification devices, are very difficult to duplicate.  Given, they
require special equipment to read.  (Fine reflector particles dispersed
in clear epoxies)
Or, as has been discussed here before, if Nico did his crypto work on
a handheld that stayed with him.  (An epoxy-sealed one, of course.)
Your suggestions re USB, PCMCIA, etc. are in the same line.
Better, because they're smaller.  However, I don't know of a card that
you can
*shower* with, which is frankly what's required.  It can't ever leave
you.  A keychain fob is not good enough.  Even a finger ring gets
Yes, but Scarfo's DirOpSec should have been able to convince him
that at the hourly rate the Company pays him, he should put up with
it :-)  He can surf for porn on a different machine.  As long as he
knows to use different passwords there...
I like the dual use of keeping a security-sensitive PC in a gun safe
which also keeps the guns dry :-)   You could have the door opening
the PC, too.  A nice lead lining will keep the black bag x-ray team
(they'll borrow a unit from the bomb squad) from seeing much.
"The ultimate in paranoia is not when everyone is against you
but when everything is against you."  PKD
(and quite apropos here)

@_date: 2003-07-16 23:53:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Sealing wax & eKeyboard 
Don't forget the 3M screen-addons which are basically a miniature
venetian blinds.
They prevent others from reading your screen at off-angles.  Very useful
if you run your laptop on an airplane.  Even if you take private notes
at a meeting.

@_date: 2003-07-17 19:46:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Optical Tempest? I have my doubts... 
There was an article on optical tempest based on reading modem-LEDs,
which are sometimes modulated with the data stream.  For Mhz rates it
from a
going to
The idea of reading the *matte* reflection of the CRT beam is possible.
But its not *spatial* frequency, its using intensity vs. time.
At any one instant you have a single 1-D measurement.
This exploits the fact, as stated, that the phosphor is brightest under
(scanning) beam.  There is no spatial info present.  You simply need
a sensitive (contrast is low) and fast (raster rate) optical
Its the Windowshade division of the Anti-Illuminati
Jewish Zealots were famous for offing (Jewish) Roman collaborators.
100 generations later, Arabic Zealots whack (Arabic) ZionistCrusader
"Pro-American Mayor, Son Killed in Iraq"
Of course Iraq isn't another Vietnam.  They don't know how to make good
pho hoa.

@_date: 2003-07-20 19:31:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Unsubtle Wetwork 
And the "ice" on Wellstone's plane was believable too.
And Ritter's folly was just a personal thing.
Disagreement = death.
You need to watch _Enemy of the State_ again.

@_date: 2003-07-20 19:31:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Unsubtle Wetwork 
And the "ice" on Wellstone's plane was believable too.
And Ritter's folly was just a personal thing.
Disagreement = death.
You need to watch _Enemy of the State_ again.

@_date: 2003-07-18 11:32:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Unsubtle Wetwork 
Weapons Adviser Named as Possible Source for BBC Story Disappears; Man's
Body Found
LONDON (AP) - Police searching for a missing Ministry of Defense
adviser, who was named by the government as the possible source for a
disputed news report on Iraqi arms, said Friday they have found a man's
body near his home.
Maybe he's just hanging out with Ritter in upstate

@_date: 2003-07-21 15:24:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Defeating Optical Tempest will be easy... 
Produced by the ebeam decelerating on the shadow mask, but adsorbed
by the glass.

@_date: 2003-07-21 15:22:10
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [IP] Gilmore bounced from plane; and Farber  censors 
Except that you entered into a contract to transport a human in exchange
for money.  No where in the contract was "banned speech" mentioned.
Suppose that instead two men were kicked off a flight for holding hands,
or a woman & offspring for breast-feeding.  That would be a violation of
the transportation
contract.  Because such behavior does not endanger the flight or
(Although all behaviors cannot be enumerated, under a "reasonable"
common-law interpretation
of the contract, passive speech (vs. say screaming the whole flight) is
Private property rights, of course.  But contract law too.

@_date: 2003-07-21 00:46:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Iraqi vs. Chechen efficiency 
I read somewhere that the Russkies lose about 8 invaders
a day in Chechnya.  The Iraqis need to increase their
productivity.  Maybe take over a theatre or something.
Have a nice day.

@_date: 2003-07-22 16:10:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
Yes to all points.  Of course, this is why a bandana/burkha/ski mask
is a good thing to carry when approaching an ATM.
Better if they're IR opaque.  Best not to
do this if the ATM is attached to a bank though, for the sake
of the guards' underwear :-)

@_date: 2003-07-22 16:10:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
Yes to all points.  Of course, this is why a bandana/burkha/ski mask
is a good thing to carry when approaching an ATM.
Better if they're IR opaque.  Best not to
do this if the ATM is attached to a bank though, for the sake
of the guards' underwear :-)

@_date: 2003-07-22 16:52:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: A tiny bit of karma for BA 
LONDON (AFP) - British Airways was battling to clear a backlog of
passengers stranded at London's Heathrow Airport, some of whom had been
stuck there for four days after a wildcat strike by check-in staff.

@_date: 2003-07-23 16:58:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Dna samples of world leaders 
A guy was busted by using DNA from an envelope he licked
in response to a "sting" letter from the police (but not appearing so).
A guy was caught because his *son's* DNA was on file.
Go dump-diving in places where his trash is dumped.  And at
his relatives houses.  Befriend/employ someone where he/they get
their bloodwork done.  Cleaning people who dust where he sits.
His barber.  His launderer.
Wonder how they got their dentalcharts.
They'll have to show us the beef if they want to be believed.
Of course, Bush and Rummy holding their heads on sticks
will have to be edited from US markets...
The first rule of missile fighting: the one who brings the full-auto
rifle loses.

@_date: 2003-07-23 20:13:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: kinko spying: criminal caught Scarfing keydata 
Kinko's spy case: Risks of renting PCs
                 NEW YORK (AP) -- For more than a
                 year, unbeknownst to people who used
                 Internet terminals at Kinko's stores in
                 New York, Juju Jiang was recording
                 what they typed, paying particular
                 attention to their passwords.
                 Jiang had secretly installed, in at least 14
                 Kinko's copy shops, software that logs
                 individual keystrokes. He captured more
                 than 450 user names and passwords, and
                 used them to access and open bank
                 accounts online.

@_date: 2003-07-24 18:26:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Dead Body Theatre 
Dude, if Julius Caesar had magnetometers we might all be speaking
Italian now.
The one with the bigger guns makes the rules.  Which is why those with
guns don't play by those rules.
Just because the UN fnord hasn't been given the  paperwork or Congress
hasn't made
the required fnord legal declaration, don't think there isn't a war on.
Or several.

@_date: 2003-07-30 16:51:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
*Real* futures markets are effectively integrating all the AP
type risks (plus others, like weather) relevant to their markets.
The Pentagon plan was trying to get the same kind of
private but well-done research that real futures traders
do, with emphesis on issues of interest to it.
As well as a feedback channel to the domestic psyops boys.
CNN, etc. also perform a sort of gambling (probabilistic investment,
"futures"), in how they distribute
their resources in anticipation of regional "news".

@_date: 2003-07-30 16:51:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
*Real* futures markets are effectively integrating all the AP
type risks (plus others, like weather) relevant to their markets.
The Pentagon plan was trying to get the same kind of
private but well-done research that real futures traders
do, with emphesis on issues of interest to it.
As well as a feedback channel to the domestic psyops boys.
CNN, etc. also perform a sort of gambling (probabilistic investment,
"futures"), in how they distribute
their resources in anticipation of regional "news".

@_date: 2003-07-30 16:51:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
*Real* futures markets are effectively integrating all the AP
type risks (plus others, like weather) relevant to their markets.
The Pentagon plan was trying to get the same kind of
private but well-done research that real futures traders
do, with emphesis on issues of interest to it.
As well as a feedback channel to the domestic psyops boys.
CNN, etc. also perform a sort of gambling (probabilistic investment,
"futures"), in how they distribute
their resources in anticipation of regional "news".

@_date: 2003-07-30 16:51:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
*Real* futures markets are effectively integrating all the AP
type risks (plus others, like weather) relevant to their markets.
The Pentagon plan was trying to get the same kind of
private but well-done research that real futures traders
do, with emphesis on issues of interest to it.
As well as a feedback channel to the domestic psyops boys.
CNN, etc. also perform a sort of gambling (probabilistic investment,
"futures"), in how they distribute
their resources in anticipation of regional "news".

@_date: 2003-07-30 16:51:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
*Real* futures markets are effectively integrating all the AP
type risks (plus others, like weather) relevant to their markets.
The Pentagon plan was trying to get the same kind of
private but well-done research that real futures traders
do, with emphesis on issues of interest to it.
As well as a feedback channel to the domestic psyops boys.
CNN, etc. also perform a sort of gambling (probabilistic investment,
"futures"), in how they distribute
their resources in anticipation of regional "news".

@_date: 2003-07-29 19:26:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
Re: Pentagon pulls their AP plans..
It was simply too obviously free feedback (marketing data) for their
domestic PSYOPs people.  Now they'll have to go back to interpreting
CNN (etc) polls to find out which way the sheeple are stampeding.

@_date: 2003-07-29 17:20:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
Pentagon Abandons Terrorism Betting Plan
                     1 hour, 20 minutes
                     ago
                                      Add White House - AP Cabinet &
State to My Yahoo!
                     By KEN GUGGENHEIM, Associated Press Writer
                     WASHINGTON - The Pentagon (news - web sites) will
abandon a plan to
                     establish a futures market to help predict
terrorist strikes, the chairman of the
                     Senate Armed Services Committee (news - web sites)
said Tuesday.
                      Sen. John Warner (news, bio, voting record),
R-Va., said he spoke by phone
                      with the program's director, "and we mutually
agreed that this thing should be
                     stopped."
                     Warner announced the decision not long after Senate
Democratic Leader
                     Thomas Daschle took to the floor to denounce the
program as "an incentive
                     actually to commit acts of terrorism."
                     Warner made the announcement during a confirmation
hearing for retired Gen.
                     Peter J. Schoomaker, nominated to be Army chief of
                     "This is just wrong," declared Daschle, D-S.D.
                     Warner said he consulted with Senate Intelligence
Committee Chairman Pat
                     Roberts, R-Kansas, and Appropriations Committee
chairman Sen. Ted Stevens
                     (news, bio, voting record), R-Alaska, and they
agreed "that this should be
                     immediately disestablished."
                     He said they would recommend that the Pentagon not
spend any funds already
                     in place for the program and said they would pull
the plug on it during
                     House-Senate budget conference committee
negotiations later on this year.
                     The little-publicized Pentagon plan envisioned a
potential futures trading market
                     in which speculators would wager on the Internet on
the likelihood of a future
                     terrorist attack or assassination attempt on a
particular leader. A Web site
                     promoting the plan already is available.
                     When the plan was disclosed by two Democratic
senators Monday, the
                     Pentagon defended it as a way to gain intelligence
about potential terrorists'
                     plans.
                     Earlier, Warner had said that his staff was looking
into the program and would
                     report on it later Tuesday. Sen. Hillary Rodham
Clinton (news - web sites),
                     D-N.Y., said she was appalled to hear of plans to
set up "a futures market in
                     death."
                     Other Democrats expressed similar alarm.
                     "The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities
and terrorism is ridiculous and
                     it's grotesque," said Sen. Ron Wyden (news, bio,
voting record), D-Ore., one of
                     two lawmakers who disclosed the plan Monday.
                     The program is called the Policy Analysis Market.
The Pentagon office
                     overseeing it, the Defense Advanced Research
Projects Agency, or DARPA, said
                     it was part of a research effort "to investigate
the broadest possible set of new
                     ways to prevent terrorist attacks."
                     Traders would buy and sell futures contracts  just
like energy traders do now in
                     betting on the future price of oil. But the
contracts in this case would be based on
                     what might happen in the Middle East in terms of
economics, civil and military
                     affairs or specific events, such as terrorist
                     Holders of a futures contract that came true would
collect the proceeds of traders
                     who put money into the market but predicted wrong.
                     A graphic on the market's Web page Monday showed
hypothetical futures
                     contracts in which investors could trade on the
likelihood that Palestinian leader
                     Yasser Arafat (news - web sites) would be
assassinated or Jordanian King
                     Abdullah II would be overthrown. Although the Web
site described the Policy
                     Analysis Market as Middle East market, the graphic
also included the possibility
                     of a North Korea (news - web sites) missile attack.
                     That graphic apparently was removed from the Web
site hours after the news
                     conference in which Wyden and fellow Democratic
Sen. Byron Dorgan (news,
                     bio, voting record) of North Dakota criticized the
                      Dorgan described the market as "unbelievably
                     "Can you imagine if another country set up a
betting parlor so that people could
                     go in ... and bet on the assassination of an
American political figure or the
                     overthrow of this institution or that institution?"
he said.
                     But in its statement Monday, DARPA said markets
could reveal "dispersed and
                     even hidden information. Futures markets have
proven themselves to be good at
                     predicting such things as elections results; they
are often better than expert
                     opinions."
                     According to its Web site, the Policy Analysis
Market would be a joint program of
                     DARPA and two private companies, Net Exchange, a
market technologies
                     company, and the Economist Intelligence Unit, the
business information arm of
                     the publisher of The Economist magazine.
                     DARPA has been criticized by Congress for its
Terrorism Information Awareness
                     program, a computerized surveillance program that
has raised privacy concerns.
                     Wyden said the Policy Analysis Market is under the
supervision of retired Adm.
                     John Poindexter, the head of the Terrorism
Information Awareness program and,
                     in the 1980s, national security adviser to
President Reagan.
                     The Web site does not address how much money
investors would be likely to
                     put into the market but says analysts would be
motivated by the "prospect of
                     profit and at pain of loss" to make accurate
                     Trading is to begin Oct. 1. The market would
initially be limited to 1,000 traders,
                     increasing to at least 10,000 by Jan. 1.
                     The Web site says government agencies will not be
allowed to participate and
                     will not have access to the identities or funds of
                     The market is a project of a DARPA division called
FutureMAP, or "Futures
                     Markets Applied to Prediction."
                     "The rapid reaction of markets to knowledge held by
only a few participants may
                     provide an early warning system to avoid surprise,"
the FutureMap Web site said.
                     Dorgan and Wyden released a letter to Poindexter
calling for an end to the
                     program. They noted a May 20 report to lawmakers
that cited the possibility of
                     using market forces to predict whether Israel will
be attacked with biological
                     weapons.
                     "Surely such a threat should be met with
intelligence gathering of the highest
                     quality  not by putting the question to
individuals betting on an Internet Web
                     site," they said.
                     Wyden said $600,000 has been spent on the program
so far and the Pentagon
                     plans to spend an additional $149,000 this year.
The Pentagon has requested
                     $3 million for the program for next year and $5
million for the following year.
                     Wyden said the Senate version of next year's
defense spending bill would cut off
                     money for the program, but the House version would
fund it. The two versions
                     will have to be reconciled.

@_date: 2003-08-27 16:48:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: earthstation 5 
end-use then no one in the world can figure out who you are.<<
Right.  And I bet you can get a good deal on a Hamas leader's used
P2P community that question the claims made by Ras. Some even go as far
as to suggest conspiracy theories about the reason for ES5's existence.
Ras's view is that he understands why people may view a middle eastern
company in this light, given the current political climate in that area,
but was obviously quick to dismiss any hidden motive. <<
"Trust us"
If you wanted to plant a trojan on a lot of machines, wouldn't free
movies be
a great way to do so?
They could open source their code, and still have a biz model, since
run central servers (until the MPAA DoS's them).
Either they are naif, or they are clever and exploiting others naivite
"A person may act psychotic to 'protect' himself from the conscious
awareness that he really is psychotic" ---Charles V Ford, MD
CNS News Aug 2003 p 51

@_date: 2003-08-26 03:09:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Schneier at toorcon 2003 
Because it was previously untrue, and now, being true, should be
to the relevant audience.

@_date: 2003-08-22 16:53:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: SIGINT thesis 
This from cryptography mailing list
(URL corrected from orig):
Some people on this list may be interested in
(Note: I haven't read more than Chapter 1.)

@_date: 2003-08-19 13:17:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
This objection jammed in my memegrinder so I had to examine it.
I'll argue that the nastiness of many human diseases are *temporary*
to the "evolved pathogens don't kill" observation.  Because humans are
not in equilibrium:
* Human population is growing.  This means you can kill your host, two
ones are born every minute (except in a few places, eg W. Europe).   If
your host population
is growing like that, you can be extra lethal, temporarily.
If the host numbers are stable, you could wipe them all out if you're
too lethal.
* Humans are expanding their range.  This means new diseases are
introduced from existing
resivoirs so they have not adapted to humans --especially the conditions
of modern
humans-- yet.  Ebola, HIV, etc.
* Humans only *recently* live in dense (and stationary) groups.  This
means that pathogens have not adapted yet.  Cities are incubators.
Bubonic plague, TB are good examples here.
* Rapid travel is even more recent an invention.
Populations who have never seen a pathogen (West nile,
etc.) are getting exposed for the first time.  No equilibrium there.
The "Cortez" effect, amplified by Whittle's jet engine.
"Globalization" means everyone gets exposed to everyone
else's pathogens.  A sick chinese chicken can ruin your day
in America.  Guns, germs, and steel.
BTW Globalization also means that everyone gets exposed to everyone's
plants, insects, etc.  A lot of isolated species (e.g., Hawaii) that
can't deal
with competition will be toast just as much as the Amerinds who
met Mr. Cortez.  Guns, germs, and steel.  Meet Mr. Kudzu.
Obviously, the scale of "temporary" should be taken in the
larger context, not that of one's own lifespan.
Of course a coadapted pathogen (eg flu) can spontaneously become newly
simply because of mutation or recombination.  If the hosts aren't all
then merely one particular host-group dies, along with the newly
virulent strain.
Losing some village is not a big deal (until someone gets on a plane).
Interesting to extend the analogy to say virii that zap cellphones or
PCs permenantly
vs. merely being annoyances.  A PC-zapping virus would give Macs the
kind of
ripe open field not seen since the days of the Bering Strait.  Also
interesting to
view the RIAA vs. Networked-Computer struggle in a biological
("evo/eco") light.
Ms. Dodo, meet Mr. Kudzu.
And of course fascinating to watch how the new dense mobile humans (or
their lawyers :-) adapt behaviorally.

@_date: 2003-08-18 05:33:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Faith-based Drug Wars 
spelled out
Hey, wait a minute, the government is not supposed to be supporting any
and promoting the Rastafarians seems out of character..
Not if you smoke the right shit
The Taliban -a Faith Based Organization.

@_date: 2003-08-11 16:36:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: The Register - NSA proposes backdoor detection center (fwd) 
similar threat. "Most microelectronics fabrication in the USA is
rapidly moving offshore," said Wolf. "NSA is working on a Trusted
Microelectronics Capability to ensure that state-of-the-art hardware
devices will always be available for our most critical systems.<<
Only way they can do that is to build it themselves, from HDL to
GDSII and make their own masks.  You can't prove a function
doesn't exist in some box otherwise, if you don't know the
trigger.  Kinda like a PRNG and its key.

@_date: 2003-08-10 18:31:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Terminating Arnold's Presidency 
Maybe they'll screw up the specs (by omitting quantity) and make
polyamory protected..
Clinton wants to interpret the "only 2 terms" amendment as "consecutive
Sometimes you just have to thank the less-exercised Amerndments..

@_date: 2003-08-07 21:18:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Ashcroft snuffs free speech, film at 11 
Film Wholesaler Charged With Obscenity
The U.S. Justice Department said that its 10-count indictment against
Extreme Associates and its owners
is part of a renewed enforcement of federal obscenity laws.
Federal prosecutors said today they have charged a North Hollywood
of adult films with violating federal obscenity laws as the government
steps up a
campaign against the major distributors of adult entertainment.
Of course there are limits in regards to freedom of speech.  They are as
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and
petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
Everything else is, of course, allowed.  -Sunder

@_date: 2003-08-06 23:03:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Computer Voting Expert, Dr. Rebecca Mercuri, Ousted From 
The only way to show vote fraud would be to get enough voters to
that the State lied.  That would depend on getting enough voters to
their votes such that the non-participants' share in the survey is
insignificant to the outcome,
as is other noise.
Documenting might involve cameras.  But cameras might be disallowed
because admitting them admits a "vote buying" attack, since votes can
then be demonstrated to the payer, much like paper receipts.
The current system works, to the extent it does, because of the
and open nature of the supervisory parties.
Paper, absentee ballots could be xeroxed as "proof".  All fakable of
Absentee ballots increase participation, and leave a better
paper trail than computers, if anyone trustable cares to look.
One question in voting threat analysis is how many conspirators are
involved.  Electronics
lets you decrease that number.

@_date: 2003-08-06 19:14:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: What happened to the Cryptography list...? 
He moderates it.  His choice.  Single point of failure, regrettable.
Amusing!  Because he keeps cryptography@ politics free, for the most
part.  Which seems to be why some knowledgable people post there
and do not bother with this group.  Specialization is fine.  I find it
that both tech and techsocially clueful folks post here.
A problem with editors in a free market?   That's a bit
reflexively-anarchic, no?   One man's "chafing" is another's
"straying off topic" I guess.
Reputation/editing is useful for keeping S/N high, not that one can't
personally (eg in kill files) to do this.
The distributed-CP remailing architecture is interesting, and enforces
anarchic (editor-free) forum, which is a good thing, but as a result has
S/N that deters some folks who are worth listening to, who do post
in the other, moderated forum.
"Thus ends, at least in Italy, the absurd anarchy that permits
anyone to publish online without standards and without restrictions,
and guarantees to the consumer minimum standards of quality in all
information content, for the first time including electronic media."
-Italian govt

@_date: 2003-08-01 18:04:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Digicash Patents, patent-expiry landrushes 
Wrong.  RSA algorithm is used freely now in US designs, knowing it is no
patented.  I didn't go to any party, but I flipped a bit in my cranial
store indicating
that it could be used freely.  And this is/was critical, because whereas
a block
cipher (eg IDEA) can be replaced, RSA can't in some apps.
As someone currently rolling his own RSA by setting up the bignums in C,
it is a relief
to be free of patent issues.  I don't believe this would have been the
case before
the expiry.  (This is for embedded devices, I'm not reinventing a
protocol wheel.)
I'll predict a similarly invisible "land rush" when ECC patents run out,
that its patented and also considered useful when the supposed patents

@_date: 2003-08-01 18:04:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Digicash Patents, patent-expiry landrushes 
Wrong.  RSA algorithm is used freely now in US designs, knowing it is no
patented.  I didn't go to any party, but I flipped a bit in my cranial
store indicating
that it could be used freely.  And this is/was critical, because whereas
a block
cipher (eg IDEA) can be replaced, RSA can't in some apps.
As someone currently rolling his own RSA by setting up the bignums in C,
it is a relief
to be free of patent issues.  I don't believe this would have been the
case before
the expiry.  (This is for embedded devices, I'm not reinventing a
protocol wheel.)
I'll predict a similarly invisible "land rush" when ECC patents run out,
that its patented and also considered useful when the supposed patents

@_date: 2003-08-01 18:04:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Digicash Patents, patent-expiry landrushes 
Wrong.  RSA algorithm is used freely now in US designs, knowing it is no
patented.  I didn't go to any party, but I flipped a bit in my cranial
store indicating
that it could be used freely.  And this is/was critical, because whereas
a block
cipher (eg IDEA) can be replaced, RSA can't in some apps.
As someone currently rolling his own RSA by setting up the bignums in C,
it is a relief
to be free of patent issues.  I don't believe this would have been the
case before
the expiry.  (This is for embedded devices, I'm not reinventing a
protocol wheel.)
I'll predict a similarly invisible "land rush" when ECC patents run out,
that its patented and also considered useful when the supposed patents

@_date: 2003-08-02 14:29:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Hackers Bypass 4th Amendment 
Interesting, because in Calif some hacker-discovered kiddy prawns were
tossed out on 4th violations.  Perhaps this will go to higher courts.
Evidence Barred in Ex-O.C. Judge's Child-Porn Case
Writings and photos were illegally obtained from Ronald Kline's
computer, court rules.
By Christine Hanley, Times Staff Writer
A federal judge on Tuesday threw out most of the key evidence in a
high-profile child pornography case against a former Orange County
ruling that sexually explicit diary entries and photos were discovered
illegal computer searches by a Canadian hacker who was working for
The ruling could undermine much of the case against Ronald C. Kline,
arrest drew national attention and ultimately resulted in the judge
dropping his
bid for reelection.
"To the electron -- may it
never be of any use to
anybody." -- JJ. Thomson's
favorite toast

@_date: 2003-08-06 23:03:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Computer Voting Expert, Dr. Rebecca Mercuri, Ousted From 
The only way to show vote fraud would be to get enough voters to
that the State lied.  That would depend on getting enough voters to
their votes such that the non-participants' share in the survey is
insignificant to the outcome,
as is other noise.
Documenting might involve cameras.  But cameras might be disallowed
because admitting them admits a "vote buying" attack, since votes can
then be demonstrated to the payer, much like paper receipts.
The current system works, to the extent it does, because of the
and open nature of the supervisory parties.
Paper, absentee ballots could be xeroxed as "proof".  All fakable of
Absentee ballots increase participation, and leave a better
paper trail than computers, if anyone trustable cares to look.
One question in voting threat analysis is how many conspirators are
involved.  Electronics
lets you decrease that number.

@_date: 2003-08-06 22:50:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: What if all things computable are computable in polynomial 
Yes, but the cryptanalysis of symmetric ciphers involves
exponentially-expanding "back trees".
That is the whole point of "avalanche".  If, somehow, "for any NP
algorithm there
were an equivalent P algorithm", then the block-cipher backtracking
be solvable in poly time.  You could find the plaintext ASCII needle in
the haystack
of possibilities in poly time, no?
Rambling Aside: RSA encryption is equivalent to spinning a marker on a
modulus-sized wheel until it wraps,
and decryption is equivalent to spinning the marker more until it points
to the original message.
"Spinning" is actually exponentiating, ie, advancing the marker some
number of positions which depends on
its current value.  Beautiful stuff, only glimpses visible to this
knave.  Like IDEA, multiplication is avalanche.
"The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to
 -Robert R. Coveyou ORNL mathematician

@_date: 2003-08-06 18:57:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: What if all things computable are computable in polynomial 
There could still be some protection with some crypto schemes, in such
a world, BUT the adversary is assumed to be much better funded, and poly
work gives
the adversary's algorithmicists (who can be rented cheaply when young)
hope that much faster algorithms can be found, if not published :-)
You really want the assurance of exponential work to break it, not just
big constants.
The problem is that, for public key crypto, we want functions which are
easy "one way" (if you know the secret) and exponentionally tough in the
length of the public key the other.  If there is a "quick"
(*non-expon*.) solution
to your trap-door function then the adversary can reasonably do the
extra work and
your scheme is toast.
For symmetric crypto, the same applies.  You can always make *your* key
longer, but the "leverage" you get --the extra work the adversary must
is much less if you can't demand exponential work by them (because as
was suggested, presumably tongue-in-cheek, by EC, there might not be
any exponential work problems)
"The tragedy of Galois is that he could have contributed
so much more to mathematics
if he'd only spent more time on his marksmanship."

@_date: 2003-08-06 16:49:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: What if all things computable are computable in polynomial 
RSA, Inc. stock would go down.
We would have to go back to paper and OTP, but we would also get to
enjoy the
excellent graphics, AI, number theory, etc, that we would win.

@_date: 2003-08-06 16:49:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: What if all things computable are computable in polynomial 
RSA, Inc. stock would go down.
We would have to go back to paper and OTP, but we would also get to
enjoy the
excellent graphics, AI, number theory, etc, that we would win.

@_date: 2003-08-10 18:42:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
Spooks & Physical IDS:
If you are specifying a "roll your own security system",
you probably want to make a distinction between
building an "alarm company" and a "physical intrusion
detection and logging" system.  With the former you're
hoping to keep your items; with the latter you're
trying to keep your infosec pristine, and the State
Burglars will not take anything. That would look
bad for the Alarm Company they work for (that you
pay to keep your items).
Car Alarms:
If you have neighbors who can see your house, your
homebrew security system can use either strobes to
annoy or fake-flame-lighting to alarm them.
Anon CopCalls:
You could make an anon 911 call using an old
unused cellphone ---the base stations will take
a 911 without subscribing.  You could use a dish
to hit a distant cell.  Though these are jammable.
Best solution is personal IDS that stays quiet.
Of course if you do log an intrusion you have to
sanitize or leave the space.  Keep the housecat
away from the battery-powered ultrasound that
cuts power to the red computer.
Talk softly and carry a big lawyer.  ---Hunter S Roosevelt

@_date: 2003-08-10 18:31:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Terminating Arnold's Presidency 
Maybe they'll screw up the specs (by omitting quantity) and make
polyamory protected..
Clinton wants to interpret the "only 2 terms" amendment as "consecutive
Sometimes you just have to thank the less-exercised Amerndments..

@_date: 2003-08-11 16:36:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: The Register - NSA proposes backdoor detection center (fwd) 
similar threat. "Most microelectronics fabrication in the USA is
rapidly moving offshore," said Wolf. "NSA is working on a Trusted
Microelectronics Capability to ensure that state-of-the-art hardware
devices will always be available for our most critical systems.<<
Only way they can do that is to build it themselves, from HDL to
GDSII and make their own masks.  You can't prove a function
doesn't exist in some box otherwise, if you don't know the
trigger.  Kinda like a PRNG and its key.

@_date: 2003-08-11 16:42:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Idea: Homemade Passive Radar System (GNU/Radar) 
Microwave ovens were used in the Yugo war for this.
The invading air power can't ignore the ISM band because then you could
use it for real missile trackers.
Someone who can do vacuum and welding work could change the output
freq of an oven magnetron, by changing the shorting-strap connections.

@_date: 2003-08-13 16:48:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Controlled nymity 
Does it help if:
Alice generates a secret key for each payment
Alice *anonymously* deposits an *encrypted* message containing payment
details into Bob's acct
Only Alice can reveal the key for a particular transaction in Bob's
account, thereby
stripping anonymity but also revealing payment.  For only that

@_date: 2003-08-15 17:46:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Blackout in NYC 
Mutually perpendicular, you mean?  Or congested?
Think of the market for UPSes, man!
Or for a thermoelectric generator that runs on cowdung!
Yeah but the traditional Arab dress deals with the sun, whereas
the traditional Victorian/American attire doesn't.
The *real story* is how this is a symptom of the Empire Declining.
For Californians, its more of a "its your turn now" feeling...
IIRC New Zealand had a city w/out watts for a few days, a few years ago.
"Flex your power" Flush Davis

@_date: 2003-08-18 05:30:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [cta@hcsin.net: Re: CNN: 'Explores Possibility that Power 
Sometimes its easier to ask forgiveness after than to ask for permission
Sometimes you have to let the system crash so others see its weakness.
Ca often runs within a few percent of available juice during the summer
A fire under a transmission line, an unscheduled downage, we can play

@_date: 2003-08-17 15:19:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
Yes if you have virally owned a machine you can do much nastier.
But this attack has the advantage that its effects would not be
immediately recognized, nor could they be fixed in one spot
once detected.
Evolved diseases don't kill their hosts.  Google is too useful
to redirect.  On the other hand, you can redirect an entire
TLD (eg .mil), albeit on one machine at a time. Try doing that
to one of The DNS Roots (pbut).
wrong thing.
Yes I've followed discussions about SecDNS etc before.
The cute part of the local hostsfile attack is that local machines
are *not* administered competently, whereas DNS servers
(and even ISP caches) are more likely tended better.
OS detection is trivial once in.. as is file/path detection.  I bet a
program could do it, if the client security settings (ACLs) were poor.
That's the virus author's choice, of course.  In fact, I first thought
the attack as a DNS-redirect on domain names ---intending on random
(or even localhost) misdirection.  Upon thinking about it, the
utility of all those 9AM Monday clicks became apparent.
Diagnosing the situation would be a bushel of fun in the first hours
either way.
Hadn't thought of virtual servers... "all your eggs in one basket" :-)
You're right, routers merely drop port 80 incoming,
any router DoS depends on sheer bandwidth --say
routing the NYTimes.com clicks to Podunk-BackwaterTimes.com
ASICs are great except for exception handling, which is a vulnerability.
I was working on Intel's network processors earlier
this year.  Amazing chips--they have hardware support for everything you
do in an IP stack, buttloads of memory controllers, I/O up the kazoo,
and a dozen hardware-supported
thread contexts (hyperthreading) on each of a dozen high-clockrate RISC
But they all defer exception packet processing to the onboard ARM, which
alert the host system or at least log the exception by incrementing a
counter.  But the ARM is not as fast as the threads
and could perhaps be overwhelmed.  Perhaps the subject of a future
Gedanken Design Idea.
"When the rotary telephone first came out, people
said, 'You mean I have to dial seven numbers?' "

@_date: 2003-08-17 15:19:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
Yes if you have virally owned a machine you can do much nastier.
But this attack has the advantage that its effects would not be
immediately recognized, nor could they be fixed in one spot
once detected.
Evolved diseases don't kill their hosts.  Google is too useful
to redirect.  On the other hand, you can redirect an entire
TLD (eg .mil), albeit on one machine at a time. Try doing that
to one of The DNS Roots (pbut).
wrong thing.
Yes I've followed discussions about SecDNS etc before.
The cute part of the local hostsfile attack is that local machines
are *not* administered competently, whereas DNS servers
(and even ISP caches) are more likely tended better.
OS detection is trivial once in.. as is file/path detection.  I bet a
program could do it, if the client security settings (ACLs) were poor.
That's the virus author's choice, of course.  In fact, I first thought
the attack as a DNS-redirect on domain names ---intending on random
(or even localhost) misdirection.  Upon thinking about it, the
utility of all those 9AM Monday clicks became apparent.
Diagnosing the situation would be a bushel of fun in the first hours
either way.
Hadn't thought of virtual servers... "all your eggs in one basket" :-)
You're right, routers merely drop port 80 incoming,
any router DoS depends on sheer bandwidth --say
routing the NYTimes.com clicks to Podunk-BackwaterTimes.com
ASICs are great except for exception handling, which is a vulnerability.
I was working on Intel's network processors earlier
this year.  Amazing chips--they have hardware support for everything you
do in an IP stack, buttloads of memory controllers, I/O up the kazoo,
and a dozen hardware-supported
thread contexts (hyperthreading) on each of a dozen high-clockrate RISC
But they all defer exception packet processing to the onboard ARM, which
alert the host system or at least log the exception by incrementing a
counter.  But the ARM is not as fast as the threads
and could perhaps be overwhelmed.  Perhaps the subject of a future
Gedanken Design Idea.
"When the rotary telephone first came out, people
said, 'You mean I have to dial seven numbers?' "

@_date: 2003-08-15 20:19:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
Suppose malware appends a bogus entry to an infected machine's
(This constitutes a DNS attack on the appended domain name, exploiting
the local hosts' name-resolution prioritization.)
If the appended IP address points to the
same victim (66.66.66.66) on all the virus-infected machines, and the
(redirected) domain name is popular ("google.com" for instance) then you
get a
DDoS attack on the appended IP host 66.66.66.66 that grows as the
viral infection spreads in the population.  You also get a DDoS on the
domain name ("google.com") you've redirected.
If the victim IP address were a router just upstream
of the victim domain name, its extra fun for the victim
domain --not only are they unavailable on infected machines, but clients
pound their upstream when they try to connect.
Thoughts?  Has this ever been suggested or implemented?
In "The Wild One" bikers mount a DoS attack on a router: her name is
Dorothy and she works at a plugboard.  ca 1954

@_date: 2003-08-15 20:19:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
Suppose malware appends a bogus entry to an infected machine's
(This constitutes a DNS attack on the appended domain name, exploiting
the local hosts' name-resolution prioritization.)
If the appended IP address points to the
same victim (66.66.66.66) on all the virus-infected machines, and the
(redirected) domain name is popular ("google.com" for instance) then you
get a
DDoS attack on the appended IP host 66.66.66.66 that grows as the
viral infection spreads in the population.  You also get a DDoS on the
domain name ("google.com") you've redirected.
If the victim IP address were a router just upstream
of the victim domain name, its extra fun for the victim
domain --not only are they unavailable on infected machines, but clients
pound their upstream when they try to connect.
Thoughts?  Has this ever been suggested or implemented?
In "The Wild One" bikers mount a DoS attack on a router: her name is
Dorothy and she works at a plugboard.  ca 1954

@_date: 2003-08-15 20:19:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
Suppose malware appends a bogus entry to an infected machine's
(This constitutes a DNS attack on the appended domain name, exploiting
the local hosts' name-resolution prioritization.)
If the appended IP address points to the
same victim (66.66.66.66) on all the virus-infected machines, and the
(redirected) domain name is popular ("google.com" for instance) then you
get a
DDoS attack on the appended IP host 66.66.66.66 that grows as the
viral infection spreads in the population.  You also get a DDoS on the
domain name ("google.com") you've redirected.
If the victim IP address were a router just upstream
of the victim domain name, its extra fun for the victim
domain --not only are they unavailable on infected machines, but clients
pound their upstream when they try to connect.
Thoughts?  Has this ever been suggested or implemented?
In "The Wild One" bikers mount a DoS attack on a router: her name is
Dorothy and she works at a plugboard.  ca 1954

@_date: 2003-08-15 20:19:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
Suppose malware appends a bogus entry to an infected machine's
(This constitutes a DNS attack on the appended domain name, exploiting
the local hosts' name-resolution prioritization.)
If the appended IP address points to the
same victim (66.66.66.66) on all the virus-infected machines, and the
(redirected) domain name is popular ("google.com" for instance) then you
get a
DDoS attack on the appended IP host 66.66.66.66 that grows as the
viral infection spreads in the population.  You also get a DDoS on the
domain name ("google.com") you've redirected.
If the victim IP address were a router just upstream
of the victim domain name, its extra fun for the victim
domain --not only are they unavailable on infected machines, but clients
pound their upstream when they try to connect.
Thoughts?  Has this ever been suggested or implemented?
In "The Wild One" bikers mount a DoS attack on a router: her name is
Dorothy and she works at a plugboard.  ca 1954

@_date: 2003-08-15 20:19:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
Suppose malware appends a bogus entry to an infected machine's
(This constitutes a DNS attack on the appended domain name, exploiting
the local hosts' name-resolution prioritization.)
If the appended IP address points to the
same victim (66.66.66.66) on all the virus-infected machines, and the
(redirected) domain name is popular ("google.com" for instance) then you
get a
DDoS attack on the appended IP host 66.66.66.66 that grows as the
viral infection spreads in the population.  You also get a DDoS on the
domain name ("google.com") you've redirected.
If the victim IP address were a router just upstream
of the victim domain name, its extra fun for the victim
domain --not only are they unavailable on infected machines, but clients
pound their upstream when they try to connect.
Thoughts?  Has this ever been suggested or implemented?
In "The Wild One" bikers mount a DoS attack on a router: her name is
Dorothy and she works at a plugboard.  ca 1954

@_date: 2003-08-15 20:19:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
Suppose malware appends a bogus entry to an infected machine's
(This constitutes a DNS attack on the appended domain name, exploiting
the local hosts' name-resolution prioritization.)
If the appended IP address points to the
same victim (66.66.66.66) on all the virus-infected machines, and the
(redirected) domain name is popular ("google.com" for instance) then you
get a
DDoS attack on the appended IP host 66.66.66.66 that grows as the
viral infection spreads in the population.  You also get a DDoS on the
domain name ("google.com") you've redirected.
If the victim IP address were a router just upstream
of the victim domain name, its extra fun for the victim
domain --not only are they unavailable on infected machines, but clients
pound their upstream when they try to connect.
Thoughts?  Has this ever been suggested or implemented?
In "The Wild One" bikers mount a DoS attack on a router: her name is
Dorothy and she works at a plugboard.  ca 1954

@_date: 2003-08-19 17:37:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: paradoxes of randomness 
Then do this: get a block cipher or crypto-hash algorithm,
and pick a key.  Now encrypt 0, then 1, then 2, etc.  Examine the 17th
of each output as you encrypt the integers.
Is this sequence random? Compressible?  How could you tell whether this
sequence is random or not, if you didn't know the key?
Hint: those are trick questions intended to lure you into
crypto.  And if you ask "why 17?"
you get whacked by a virtual bamboo cane.

@_date: 2003-08-17 15:43:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: reliance that's scary 
have it,
And you don't get any droid-demonstrable features for all your efforts.
Whereas being able to control  from a network has
gee-whiz sellability.
And the customer has a hard time imagining the attack -how are they
going to find the network, how are they going to guess the password.
I had the pleasure ca 1997 of figuring out how to browser-enable a
industrial machine (the kind with big red "stop" buttons, rotating
lights on it when it was operating, and stickers showing various forms
of dismemberment possible) once.  A password was the only
access control.  I hope anyone who installed this understood firewalling
and air gapping...
(Meanwhile, my garage door is "protected" merely by the number of
possibilities, 256)

@_date: 2003-08-17 15:43:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: reliance that's scary 
have it,
And you don't get any droid-demonstrable features for all your efforts.
Whereas being able to control  from a network has
gee-whiz sellability.
And the customer has a hard time imagining the attack -how are they
going to find the network, how are they going to guess the password.
I had the pleasure ca 1997 of figuring out how to browser-enable a
industrial machine (the kind with big red "stop" buttons, rotating
lights on it when it was operating, and stickers showing various forms
of dismemberment possible) once.  A password was the only
access control.  I hope anyone who installed this understood firewalling
and air gapping...
(Meanwhile, my garage door is "protected" merely by the number of
possibilities, 256)

@_date: 2003-08-18 05:37:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: US soldiers in Iraq held against their will 
Did he reluctantly take the $$$ to be in the reserves, too?
SOP.  Happened during the Yugo thang too.
Pity the volunteer moral zombie!   Sucks to give up control
to .mil, no?
I find it very troubling that the USA
It hasn't, it only requires males to register.  So far.
Maybe Faust should be required reading for potential warriors?

@_date: 2003-08-21 15:17:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: National Emergency? 
declaration of a
that. I
gone anyway,
It has come to our attention that you citizens are being unsoc.
Please turn on your telescreen (eg Fox News) and wait for the next
of hate.  Then call your local Fatherland Security Agency and wait for
Repeat after me: "We have always been at war with Oceania bin Laden"
War is peace.
In no part of the constitution is more wisdom to be found,
than in the clause which confides the question of war or
peace to the legislature, and not to the executive department.
-James Madison
(congress has not declared war since 1941)

@_date: 2003-08-21 17:31:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Popular Net anonymity service back-doored (fwd) 
The way the Zealots dealt with Roman collaborators is becoming
increasingly attractive...
In the US, their claims about anonymity would be *fraudulent* and
to legal action.
Perhaps some extra-German folks should use the proxy and hit a lot of
Socialist sites... don't want Grosser Bruder to get bored...

@_date: 2003-08-26 18:18:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
You're out of the loop.  Here's how you play the propoganda drinking
You and a friend get a bottle of  and watch a Bush speech.
*You* drink whenever he says "terror"; *she* drinks whenever he says
If he says "warlord", "constitution", "regime" or "WoMD" you both drink.
If he says "occupation", "election", "oil" or "Quisling" you skip a
If he mentions "viet nam" or "guerilla" you take 2 drinks.
Whoever is left standing gets to clean up.

@_date: 2003-08-25 20:47:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
Sabotage needn't induce terror, and leaflets can induce terror.
Hell, art projects can induce terror, and sabotage can be unnoticed.
Additional case studies are needed, however, to determine which traits
of chemical and biological terrorists might help identify them
because charisma, paranoia, and grandiosity are alo found to varying
degreees among, for example, leaders of political parties, large
corporations, and academic depts. --John T Finn, _Science_ v 289 1
sept 2000

@_date: 2003-08-25 16:23:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
As expected, animal and environmental activists are now being called
Foie Gras Flap Leads to Vandalism
Sonoma Police Chief John Gurney, who described the attacks as a
"sophisticated campaign of domestic terrorism," said: "They're trying to
impose their beliefs on others through the use of force, fear and
Manrique said the vandals had left behind a videotape of his family
inside the house that had been shot through a window.
The radical group Earth Liberation Front issued an unsigned e-mail
Friday calling the incidents ELF actions,'' and the FBI was
investigating the dealership fire as domestic terrorism, Police Chief
Frank Wills said.

@_date: 2003-08-25 20:34:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Schneier at toorcon 2003 
I'm told by an organizer that
Bruce Schneier will be speaking at toorcon in San Diego this year.
See  for info.

@_date: 2003-08-29 17:38:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: traffix analysis 
dB gain
antennas at
Yes; for naif readers note that the "grid" means that you don't worry
about wind as much
as a solid dish.  (The uwaves see the screen as solid, however.)  With
that much gain
(ie directionality) wind could mess with your (albeit brief) connection.
Its very important that you go *away* from your normal haunts if you use
this (esp. more than once) for attention-receiving activities.   (Any
would know this.)  And best to piggyback on a commercial AP, unless you
the individuals you are implicating...
Apologies for the pedanticism to regular opsec-clued readers.
(And students, don't test your virii in plain sight of a narc..)
Wait until the .iq bombers clue into the delayed double-bombing
technique favored by .us anti-repro-choice guerillas...
a brisant double-tap.. yeah baby

@_date: 2003-08-28 14:42:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: traffix analysis 
Yes, but remember to wear a disguise/cloak and be careful how you
arrive there.  If you threaten King George, Who Worships Mars God of
they will seize all the surveillance camera videos (public and private)
the AP you exploit.  Don't stop for gas anywhere nearby.
A high-gain antenna is recommended.

@_date: 2003-08-29 17:45:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: The Word Spy for 08/28/2003 -- darknet 
Maybe the NAACP got upset...
Sure Arnold gangbanged a chick, but it was a *black* chick,
it just shows he's not bigoted..

@_date: 2003-08-30 17:46:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
My (perhaps flawed) reading of Steve's post was different from Tims: the
ISP bills the
*tapped* person for "misc unplanned network work", not the *tappers*.
The ISP puts it into their contract: if tapped by court order, we'll
bill you for our effort.
If your CPA has his time spent on govt things, can he bill you for it?
If your ISP is hassled by RIAA, can they bill you?  Certainly, if its in
your contract.
Got Mink?

@_date: 2003-09-28 20:46:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Patriot act power grab in progress 
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27  The Bush administration, which calls the USA
Patriot Act perhaps its most essential tool in fighting terrorists, has
begun using the law with increasing frequency in many criminal
investigations that have little or no connection to terrorism.
M. Atta: An Army of One

@_date: 2003-09-28 08:13:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: vehicle tracking from inductive signatures 
The loops in the road are, after all, analogue:
A general vehicle reidentification system using inductive loop
signatures to uniquely but anonymously track
individual vehicles, has been formulated and tested in recent years at
the University of California, Irvine. By using
non-obtrusive and anonymous tracking methods, individual vehicles can be
identified and correlated over numerous
identification stations, and very specific real-time data can be
obtained for each tracked vehicle.
Anonymous Vehicle Tracking for
Real-Time Traffic Surveillance
Cheol Oh 1
Stephen G. Ritchie
August 2002
Institute of Transportation Studies
University of California, Irvine
Irvine, CA 92697-3600, U.S.A.

@_date: 2003-09-28 07:40:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Terror status: urine-colored 
These Passenger Stability Indicators Include :
Social Security Number,
and Home Ownership.
Two Additional Elements If Available Would Likely Be Good
Indicators: Namely, Miles Flown Annually and Lifetime.
"Homeland Security - Airline Passenger Risk Assessment"
Would unplanned urban construction just before the '04 elections help or
hurt Bush?
Our machines are thrashing on the national-coherency vs.
mass-psysim code.

@_date: 2003-09-28 07:02:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: When the brownshirts come for your underwear 
This is the commune of the guy charged and released for toasting some
Hummers.  Getting RichardJewell'ed by the FBI.  Oh yes, he is
"a peace activist who has protested the war in Iraq and actions
of the Bush administration" which is surely coincidental.
CNN interviewed him 11pm Sat, and he's getting a lawyer.
This interview was a few minutes before Declan talked about
spam (and mentioned Eudora on CNN!)

@_date: 2003-09-23 05:00:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Ca passes car data recorder privacy law 
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22  California today adopted the nation's first law
meant to protect the privacy of drivers whose cars are equipped with
"black boxes," or data recorders that can be used to gather vital
information on how a vehicle is being driven in the last seconds before
a crash.
Gov. Gray Davis signed the law, which takes effect on July 1, requiring
carmakers to disclose the existence of such devices and forbidding
access to the data without either a court order or the owner's
permission, unless it is for a safety study in which the information
cannot be traced back to the car.
More than 25 million cars and trucks have the boxes that measure speed,
air-bag deployment and the use of brakes, seat belts and turn signals.
But California's privacy law is the first of its kind, says Thomas M.
Kowalick, co-chairman of a committee convened by the Institute of
Electrical and Electronics Engineers to set standards for the boxes.
Most of the recorders are on General Motors vehicles, but Ford and
others have deployed some. Other manufacturers have plans to do the

@_date: 2003-09-22 16:46:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Duck Freedom Fighter (Terrorists), Euler SUV Graffiti 
One *might* think it a spoof because the ALFers rescued
4 overweight ducks.
Had they been, say, a couple of tracheotomized
lab beagles, or something else furry with big brown eyes, the
PR would have been better.   And letting the cattle roam a street
is not going to save them, unless the street is in India.  The
ducks were taken to vets and will be taken care of.
I realize that some UK ALFers are a bit more effective.
The local ELFers are at least making more of a financial
dent ---toast some West Covina Hummers, recycle the carbon
in some San Diego houses under construction.   Auntie
Arson would be proud.
Of course, they get called domestic
terrorists, having harmed *zero* animals (incl.
simians), while some of our revered congressvermin have
killed people.   (Its ok, they were just gooks, and they had
government permission; well, except for that
congressvermin who recently ran down a motorcyclist;
and Ted Kennedy of course; and all the indirect
violence the congressvermin create.)
Its all about as amusing as the ending of "12 monkeys"...
"all the normalities of the social contract are
abandoned in war"    Jack Valenti MPAA pres,
in LATimes on Kerry's war crimes
"If we are thieves, so were the members of the Underground Railroad who
freed the slaves of the South;
And if we are vandals, so were those who destroyed forever the gas
chambers of Buchanwald and Auschwitz." -- X (ALF)
"I didn't claw my way to the top of the food chain to eat vegetables"
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want
He makes me down to lie
Through pastures green He leadeth me the silent waters by.
With bright knives He releaseth my soul.
He maketh me to hang on hooks in high places.
He converteth me to lamb cutlets,
For lo, He hath great power, and great hunger.

@_date: 2003-09-20 16:52:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: careful with that nym, eugene 
The man who e-mailed The Times and claimed credit for the attacks used
the name Tony Marsden, which he said was a pseudonym. The man also said
that one of his hobbies was math and that he and his accomplices had
painted Euler's Theorem on the side of one of the cars.
FBI Searches Computers at Caltech in Hummer Probe
The man said he used the name Tony Marsden because he had known people
named Tony and Marsden.
There is a Caltech professor named Jerrold E. Marsden who co-wrote a
textbook titled "Vector Calculus" with Anthony J. Tromba.
Jerrold Marsden was on vacation in Northern California this week. On
Friday, he told The Times that he had not been contacted by the FBI or
(Next time try Marion Hornyak or Thomas Finney...)

@_date: 2003-09-19 16:49:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Judges taste for kiddy prawns (1st, 4th amends, hacking for 
Ex-Judge May Testify in O.C. Porn Case
 Testimony by Ronald C. Kline could affect ruling to admit evidence
found on workplace computer.
By Christine Hanley, Times Staff Writer
Former Orange County Judge Ronald C. Kline may be called to the witness
stand to explain why he didn't realize his courthouse computer could be
searched for child pornography  especially since he helped draft the
rules for such searches.
Kline is expected to be asked Monday to explain his role on the Orange
County Superior Court's Technology Committee, which developed the policy
that warned judges and court staff that their computers were not their
property and could be searched.
The hearing could prove pivotal as prosecutors try to salvage a child
pornography case that has all but collapsed since Kline was arrested.
The case has drawn national attention, particularly as Kline waged a
reelection campaign while facing the charges. He later quit the race and
gave up his seat on the bench. Judge Consuelo B. Marshall has already
tossed out evidence  including diary entries about his sexual desires
and more than 1,500 pornographic images of young boys  that support six
of the seven charges. In her decision earlier this summer, she ruled
that Kline's right to privacy was violated by a Canadian man who was
working for police when he hacked into the computers used by Kline at
home and at work.
Prosecutors are appealing that decision, but first Marshall must rule on
whether to suppress the handful of e-mails, pornographic images and
diary entries allegedly found on Kline's courthouse computer. Those
items support a single count of possessing child pornography  the lone
criminal charge facing Kline.
Kline's attorneys argue that the government's attempt to save the
evidence collected on his work computer is misleading. The question of
whether Kline knew about the policy is moot, they say, because his
computer wouldn't have been searched without the information provided by
the Canadian hacker.
"The chambers computer search was the fruit of the primary illegality;
as such, it must be suppressed," said lead defense attorney Paul S.
But prosecutors contend police did not need a search warrant to inspect
Kline's computer. They argue the court's own policy warned judicial
officers and other staffers that their computers were not their property
and could be monitored for questionable activity at any time.
The eight-page policy warns computer users that access to sexually
explicit and other offensive information is strictly prohibited and that
"e-mail, Internet access and personal computers are provided for
business use and not a public forum, and as such does not provide for
First Amendment Freedom of Speech guarantees."
At the same time, it also states that management may be required "based
on a subpoena" to release computer files to law enforcement agencies in
a criminal investigation.
Prosecutors have filed a copy of the policy, as well as declarations
from Richard Droll, the chief technology officer of Orange County
Superior Court since 1993, and Kathleen E. O'Leary, an associate justice
of California's 4th Appellate District.
Droll confirms that Kline was on the Technology Committee and attended
meetings in 1996 when the policy was drafted and later when it was
O'Leary, who was presiding judge of the Orange County court system when
the policy was imposed, sent a memo to the staff on Oct. 13, 1998, which
was distributed via e-mail and to office mailboxes.
One of her intents, she said, was to remind staffers that "management
retained the right to inspect and examine computers and their contents
if necessary."
But Superior Court Judge John M. Watson, the head of the civil panel who
has been subpoenaed to testify, says he believes that any judge's work
computer is  and should be  protected by the Fourth Amendment,
regarding search and seizure of property.

@_date: 2003-09-18 19:11:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Spectacles by Brin, Mexi-ID oked 
The sunglasses developed at the Hewlett Packard labs in Bristol in the
west of England sport a camera that constantly takes images of what a
wearer sees. The camera also has an off-switch to preserve privacy.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Treasury Department said Thursday it will leave in
place rules that allow financial institutions to accept Mexican
identification cards, called matricula consular, which often are used by
undocumented immigrants to open bank accounts.

@_date: 2003-09-15 19:35:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Police state 
Good article at on abuses of anti-terrorism (tm) laws.
The unit of coercivity for magstrips is being changed to the "Ashcroft"

@_date: 2003-09-15 18:16:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: snooping cell phone pictures via URLs? 
I received a few URLs pointing to cell phone pictures
stored at pictures.sprintpcs.com.  The URLs contained
long seemingly-random strings, though with my sample
(of 2) I only saw 5 identical characters in the same locations.
Has anyone done any less casual cryptanalysis on these
kind of URLs?  One wonders how much protection from
(non-sprintpcs.com and ISP) snoopers that the "random" strings
actually provide.
A fool and their bits are soon mirrored worldwide.

@_date: 2003-09-13 16:55:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Mary Beth Buchanan, raping the constitution 
"Obscenities have always been a priority of the attorney general," said
Mary Beth Buchanan, U.S. attorney for western Pennsylvania. "[A]nd he
has asked each U.S. attorney to make that our priority as well."
Buchanan is the lead prosecutor on the case against Zacari
Seems she's in bed with Ashcroft, with no compunction about raping
the 1st.
(Which may or may not have to do with Prof. R's fascination with her;
we don't follow that).
Or she may be reviled as a domestic terrorist for her role in the
of a glasswares vendor
Perhaps life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness is too much for her.
Or perhaps she merely enjoys initiating violence against those involved
in mutually
consensual transactions she disapproves of.
Perhaps Prof R for all his too precise meanderings is at least bringing
someone deserving into the public light.
"Did you really think that we want those laws to be observed? . . .
We want them broken. You'd better get it straight that it's not a
bunch of boy scouts that you're up against - and then you'll know
that this is not the age for beautiful gestures. We're after power
and we mean it. . . . . There's no way to rule innocent men. The only
power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals.
Well, when there aren't enough criminals one makes them. One declares
so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to
live without breaking laws. Who wants a nation of law-abiding
citizens? What's there in that for anyone? But just pass the kind of
laws that can neither be observed nor enforced nor objectively
interpreted - and you create a nation of lawbreakers - and then you
cash in on the guilt. Now that's the system, . . . that's the game,
and once you understand it, you'll be much easier to deal with."
   From Atlas Shrugged, by Ayn Rand.

@_date: 2003-09-11 17:39:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: RIAA lawsuits harming public knowledge of law 
Saw this in an editorial: "Sure, technically, it's stealing. But so is
dubbing a tape, which we all did back when cassette tapes were all the
rage. "
It is unfortunate that the RIAA's terrorism has caused people to forget
rights, established in law and precedent, to "dub tapes" and time-shift
This is a form of "chilling effects".  Its akin to "cops" type shows
sheeple consenting to searches they needn't agree to ---it teaches
unAmerican behavior to the clueless.
Mohommed Atta -An Army of One

@_date: 2003-09-10 22:49:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Anyone Remember Zero Knowledge Systems? 
Depends on the price, and how readily it can be adapted
to P2P nets.  The need certainly increases with the lawsuits.
The folks profiting from P2P (eg
Sharman networks) will have to include IP anonymity features in future
Else folks don't share, ergo their tool is useless, and no eyeballs
to sell to the advertizers.   The punitive fines will drive anonymity,
or Sharman collapses.   Since ZKS et al. were existence proofs
that it can be done, and the techniques largely known, it probably
will happen, with or without ZKS' code.
Sorta like Hiroshima as an existance proof and
neutron physics as the techniques.
As an aside, I'm surprised the BSA hasn't joined in.
"Clearly the purpose of cutting grass is to encourage the grass."
Edward Teller, _Memoirs_, p 355

@_date: 2003-09-08 15:07:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: More recall.archive.org fun 
Enter "george w bush" and look at the categories to the right.

@_date: 2003-09-07 18:46:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: The Catheter and the Blizzard 
including Linux, despite the attempt by SCO to collect $1000 per CPU or
whatever silly number they have floated in their lawsuits.<<
Anyone discussing this particular bit of corporate hallucination is
to put Frank Zappa's "Penguin in Bondage" track on their phonograph...

@_date: 2003-09-05 16:25:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Best social engineering of the year? 
On the night of Wednesday, August 27, two men dressed as computer
technicians and carrying tool bags entered the cargo processing and
intelligence centre at Sydney International Airport.
The men, described as being of Pakistani-Indian-Arabic appearance, took
a lift to the third floor of the Charles Ulm building in Link Road, next
to the customs handling depot and the Qantas Jet Base.
They presented themselves to the security desk as technicians sent by
Electronic Data Systems, the outsourced customs computer services
provider which regularly sends people to work on computers after normal
office hours.
After supplying false names and signatures, they were given access to
the top-security mainframe room. They knew the room's location and no
directions were needed.
Inside, they spent two hours disconnecting two computers, which they put
on trolleys and wheeled out of the room, past the security desk, into
the lift and out of the building.
The brazen theft has prompted Australia's top security agencies to
conduct emergency damage audits amid fears that terrorists may have
gained access to highly sensitive intelligence from the computers.

@_date: 2003-09-01 15:51:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: DoS of spam blackhole lists 
The "overworked small netadmin" will simply use someone else's
scripts.  Not hard.
You're behind then.  Putting "harvest this and get blocked"
email bait is common practice, eg on websites with addresses.
I don't suppose you've ever heard of fake streets in maps
(cartographic watermarks) to detect copying?

@_date: 2003-09-01 15:46:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
What, exactly, has Tim done that wrongs others?
Publishing bits doesn't matter.  Change the channel.
Coercion (under threat of violence) matters.
Sticks and stones.

@_date: 2003-09-01 15:44:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
Ask David Kelly.  Or his associates.  Reputation is a tool.

@_date: 2003-09-01 15:41:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
If you rent your house, and the renters cause you to get billed
for something they do, you can certainly pass on the cost to
the renter.  If you get a ticket in a rented car, you (not the
car owner) reimburse the owner.  If your ISP gets a lot
of complaints about your usage, they *could* pass on the
cost to you.  An ISP could regard its court-ordered hassles
(or other hassles, eg attacks launched from your node) as your fault.

@_date: 2003-09-05 16:01:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Random musing about words and spam 
Can we assume that the spam is generated by regexp-type programs?
If so, are there good methods for inferring the regexp from examples,
and using this to infer spamfiltering rules?
Good project for a machine learning type.

@_date: 2003-09-05 16:01:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Random musing about words and spam 
Can we assume that the spam is generated by regexp-type programs?
If so, are there good methods for inferring the regexp from examples,
and using this to infer spamfiltering rules?
Good project for a machine learning type.

@_date: 2003-09-05 16:25:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Best social engineering of the year? 
On the night of Wednesday, August 27, two men dressed as computer
technicians and carrying tool bags entered the cargo processing and
intelligence centre at Sydney International Airport.
The men, described as being of Pakistani-Indian-Arabic appearance, took
a lift to the third floor of the Charles Ulm building in Link Road, next
to the customs handling depot and the Qantas Jet Base.
They presented themselves to the security desk as technicians sent by
Electronic Data Systems, the outsourced customs computer services
provider which regularly sends people to work on computers after normal
office hours.
After supplying false names and signatures, they were given access to
the top-security mainframe room. They knew the room's location and no
directions were needed.
Inside, they spent two hours disconnecting two computers, which they put
on trolleys and wheeled out of the room, past the security desk, into
the lift and out of the building.
The brazen theft has prompted Australia's top security agencies to
conduct emergency damage audits amid fears that terrorists may have
gained access to highly sensitive intelligence from the computers.

@_date: 2003-09-09 19:40:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: cats 
is of
First, many cats (e.g., mountain lions) do not form social groups beyond
the mother raising the cubs.  Female African lions reportedly do hang
out together.
Second, if you examine the context of the original post, the statement
was a metaphor about leaderless ("anarchic") assemblies such
as this list.  In particular, the Feds (dogs) haven't historically
that this list is the equivalent of a grad lounge or spontaneous beach
there are multiple conversations, no one is moderating or otherwise
squat.  When cats encounter each other by chance, they may assert
(linguistic pissing contests are not unheard of here :-)
but their lives are not structured around following, or smelling the
higher-up's ass.
"While acknowledging himself an Anarchist,
he does not state to what branch of the organization he belongs"
---Discussing Leon Czolgosz' shooting of President William McKinley

@_date: 2003-09-09 16:35:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Your papers please [what color is John Gilmore?] 
Most people will be coded green and sail through. But up to 8
percent of passengers who board the nation's 26,000 daily flights will
be coded "yellow" and will undergo additional screening at the
checkpoint, according to people familiar with the program. An estimated
1 to 2 percent will be labeled "red" and will be prohibited from
boarding. These passengers also will face police questioning and may be

@_date: 2003-09-10 22:49:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Anyone Remember Zero Knowledge Systems? 
Depends on the price, and how readily it can be adapted
to P2P nets.  The need certainly increases with the lawsuits.
The folks profiting from P2P (eg
Sharman networks) will have to include IP anonymity features in future
Else folks don't share, ergo their tool is useless, and no eyeballs
to sell to the advertizers.   The punitive fines will drive anonymity,
or Sharman collapses.   Since ZKS et al. were existence proofs
that it can be done, and the techniques largely known, it probably
will happen, with or without ZKS' code.
Sorta like Hiroshima as an existance proof and
neutron physics as the techniques.
As an aside, I'm surprised the BSA hasn't joined in.
"Clearly the purpose of cutting grass is to encourage the grass."
Edward Teller, _Memoirs_, p 355

@_date: 2003-09-11 18:08:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
The DL stays in the car, the only place it is needed.
I've heard that during voir dire you're asked if you know
about nullification.  If so, you're out.
I enjoy what Sakharov termed "reactance", ie, when compelled
I resist, if asked I may comply.  Where I come from the
constitutional ban on illegal taking, slavery, and the
trumping of the constitution over states (the 14th IIRC)
matter.  So I regard the nastygrams as offers to volunteer.
When I do volunteer, I'll bring a stack of fija.org info
to distribute anonymously.  Its the  patriotic thing to do.
"We have no clue. ... Our computer is not happy. "
Grid operators, Aug 14 03

@_date: 2003-09-10 21:02:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
Interesting.  I didn't know the history.
What is morbidly fascinating is how the driver's license is/has become
the internal passport.  And now, when it is being brought back to
a certification that one "knows how to drive", the scum who manipulated
it into an internal passport are shiiting bricks.
As a Ca driver, I'm in favor of it ---we have to pay for uninsured
drivers insurace or risk collisions with them.  As someone who
won't be going to Mexico, I don't care if they require real passports
(instead of a Ca driver's license) to re-enter the country.
If the US wants to get real borders, that's fine with me.  If they
want to deport illegals, that's fine too, so long as they don't violate
civil rights doing it.  (Hint: stopping people on the street because
they look foreign is not acceptable.  The INS was doing that
in Orange or San Diego county recently.  I wrote to some mexican
activist reminding them that no one in this country needs
to speak to pigs, if you're not driving.)
Illegals (and unlicensed pharmacists) also drive an anonymity industry:
credit-card-like debit cards that don't require proof of income, just
prepaid phones that don't require a billing address, etc.
I've read that to enter a Fed building you need "ID".  I'm curious
what happens if you haven't got it.  Adrian Lamo had his card.
I'm currently ignoring the conscription notices I get from the
local jury droids; if I *volunteer* someday (after reviewing
fija.org) I'll be sure to be without ID.
Also heard on the tube that 60K fake IDs are caught at the border
annually.  Wonder how many aren't caught.
NIB magnets are probably overkill, but it was the first and last
useful swipe my license's magstrip will see...

@_date: 2003-09-10 21:02:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
Interesting.  I didn't know the history.
What is morbidly fascinating is how the driver's license is/has become
the internal passport.  And now, when it is being brought back to
a certification that one "knows how to drive", the scum who manipulated
it into an internal passport are shiiting bricks.
As a Ca driver, I'm in favor of it ---we have to pay for uninsured
drivers insurace or risk collisions with them.  As someone who
won't be going to Mexico, I don't care if they require real passports
(instead of a Ca driver's license) to re-enter the country.
If the US wants to get real borders, that's fine with me.  If they
want to deport illegals, that's fine too, so long as they don't violate
civil rights doing it.  (Hint: stopping people on the street because
they look foreign is not acceptable.  The INS was doing that
in Orange or San Diego county recently.  I wrote to some mexican
activist reminding them that no one in this country needs
to speak to pigs, if you're not driving.)
Illegals (and unlicensed pharmacists) also drive an anonymity industry:
credit-card-like debit cards that don't require proof of income, just
prepaid phones that don't require a billing address, etc.
I've read that to enter a Fed building you need "ID".  I'm curious
what happens if you haven't got it.  Adrian Lamo had his card.
I'm currently ignoring the conscription notices I get from the
local jury droids; if I *volunteer* someday (after reviewing
fija.org) I'll be sure to be without ID.
Also heard on the tube that 60K fake IDs are caught at the border
annually.  Wonder how many aren't caught.
NIB magnets are probably overkill, but it was the first and last
useful swipe my license's magstrip will see...

@_date: 2003-09-10 16:38:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
Licenses as IDs at airports questioned
WASHINGTON  Federal officials and lawmakers raised serious concerns
Tuesday about the continued use of driver's licenses at airports and
U.S. borders in light of California's new law allowing illegal
immigrants to obtain the widely accepted means of identification.
"If driver's licenses are given to people who are illegally in the
country, then that puts extra burdens and difficulties on our inspectors
at the border," Hutchinson said. "If you don't have integrity in the
driver's licenses that are issued, then it really undermines the whole
premise of allowing U.S. citizens to travel abroad and come back with
limited proof of U.S. citizenship, without a passport."
The wisdom of using driver's licenses for identification was also
questioned Tuesday in a congressional watchdog report that found that
fraudulent licenses are passing muster at airports, border crossings and
motor-vehicle offices. The full report by the General Accounting Office
has been classified for security reasons. But in public testimony
prepared for the Senate Finance Committee, Robert Cramer, director of
GAO's office of special investigations, warned about relying on driver's
licenses for identification.
Davis had refused to sign such a law before, citing homeland security
concerns. His about-face was questioned by some as a move to garner
support in the Latino community.
excerpts from

@_date: 2003-09-11 18:26:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Fatherland Security agents above the law? 
Commericial airliners often contain tens of
kilograms of DU as ballast.  Ref: _Living with Radiation_,
by Frame & Kolb.  They often carry medical or other
isotopes during civilian flights too.  There are rules for
distributing those containers so no one passenger gets
too much extra dose.
DU gives off plenty of alphas.  (Thus you don't want to breathe
DU dust, which will also heavy-metal your kidneys in the
short term.)  But they're stopped by anything, including aluminum
foil-- lead pipe is overkill.  The only way to detect shielded DU
is gammas, to identify it you need gamma spectroscopy.
The neutron analysis being done at some ports of entry
only works on fissile materials.
The Fatherland Security troops are publicly embaressed and showing
their brown shirts.
Of course Pierre Curie didn't die from radiation
poisoning, he was hit by a horse drawn cart.

@_date: 2003-09-11 15:36:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Fatherland Security agents above the law? 
U.S. agents also sought, without warrant or subpoena, to obtain ABCNEWS
field tapes. Two agents showed up at night at the San Diego home of a
freelance cameraman, Jeff Freeman, who worked on the project.
"They first identified themselves as FBI agents, which it turns out they
weren't," said Freeman. "They wanted to know if I still had the tapes I
had shot for ABC and if I could turn them over."

@_date: 2003-09-11 17:44:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: [Brinworld] UK firms tout camera phone blinding tech 
Safe Haven works by transmitting a signal in a localised environment
such as a school, swimming pool, office facility or factory, which
"disables the camera functionality of devices in the nearby
environment", the companies claim.
The snag is that Safe Haven technology needs to be integrated at the
time of manufacture into new devices or installed as a Java download
update to suitable equipment already in the market.
"You need to have an approved camera," Blagden admitted, adding that the
incorporation of Sade Haven technology is unlikely to affect handset
"Can you hear me now?" --UBL

@_date: 2003-09-11 18:01:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [cdr] Inferno: USPTO p0wn3d (fwd) 
Not surprising.  Any beast that sees its habitat being destroyed will
react this way.  At the least, not running a conference for it; and
lobbying beyond their charter.
One imagines the Telegraph Union vigorously opposed the introduction
of telephones.  And think of the National Security (tm) implications of
peer-to-peer communications like telephony!
One man's blowback is another man's feedback

@_date: 2003-09-12 16:49:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Schneier favoring drivers licenses for info superhighway? 
So why not institute mandatory education before people can go online?
After all, motorists must obtain licenses before they can legally hit
the road, and computers are much more complicated.
"It could be a four-year college degree, a one-month course. It might be
a good idea," said Bruce Schneier, chief technology officer for
Counterpane Internet Security Inc.
Or it might be a bad idea.
"The downside is everybody you know won't be able to have a computer
anymore, and I like being able to send e-mail to friends," Schneier

@_date: 2003-09-12 16:52:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: open WiFi defense to RIAA 
It should be massive fun when the RIAA sues someone
who has an open WiFi network inhabited by unknown
users.  We await this defense.  Doubleplus fun if the
RIAA victim doesn't know he's sharing his bandwidth.
We also anticipate someone being sued for downloading a rip
of a song they have a vinyl.  Ie, that they have legal rights to
own a more convenient copy of.

@_date: 2003-09-13 16:55:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Mary Beth Buchanan, raping the constitution 
"Obscenities have always been a priority of the attorney general," said
Mary Beth Buchanan, U.S. attorney for western Pennsylvania. "[A]nd he
has asked each U.S. attorney to make that our priority as well."
Buchanan is the lead prosecutor on the case against Zacari
Seems she's in bed with Ashcroft, with no compunction about raping
the 1st.
(Which may or may not have to do with Prof. R's fascination with her;
we don't follow that).
Or she may be reviled as a domestic terrorist for her role in the
of a glasswares vendor
Perhaps life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness is too much for her.
Or perhaps she merely enjoys initiating violence against those involved
in mutually
consensual transactions she disapproves of.
Perhaps Prof R for all his too precise meanderings is at least bringing
someone deserving into the public light.
"Did you really think that we want those laws to be observed? . . .
We want them broken. You'd better get it straight that it's not a
bunch of boy scouts that you're up against - and then you'll know
that this is not the age for beautiful gestures. We're after power
and we mean it. . . . . There's no way to rule innocent men. The only
power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals.
Well, when there aren't enough criminals one makes them. One declares
so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to
live without breaking laws. Who wants a nation of law-abiding
citizens? What's there in that for anyone? But just pass the kind of
laws that can neither be observed nor enforced nor objectively
interpreted - and you create a nation of lawbreakers - and then you
cash in on the guilt. Now that's the system, . . . that's the game,
and once you understand it, you'll be much easier to deal with."
   From Atlas Shrugged, by Ayn Rand.

@_date: 2003-09-15 03:43:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Power Grab: Ashcroft overturns 4th Amend 
Administration Calls for Unprecedented Subpoena Powers
Unlike in ordinary criminal investigations, Ashcroft would not need the
approval of a grand jury or a judge to order witnesses to appear for
"The attendance of witnesses and the production of records may be
required from any place in any state or in any territory or other place
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States at any designated place
of hearing," the administration's bill says.
The bill includes a "nondisclosure requirement" as well. "If the
Attorney General certifies [there] may result a danger to the national
security, no person shall disclose to any other person that a subpoena
was received or records were provided," it says.
Grand juries operate in secret as well. And though they are often seen
as a rubber stamp for the government, Cole said the mere presence of the
jurors restrains prosecutors. "There is a real difference when a
prosecutor knows 23 citizens are there observing what's going on," he
The administration proposal was introduced in the House last week by
Rep. Tom Feeney (R-Fla.).
Hmm, other Rep.tiles from Fla get turned into boots.  And they're not
even raping
the constitution.

@_date: 2003-09-15 18:16:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: snooping cell phone pictures via URLs? 
I received a few URLs pointing to cell phone pictures
stored at pictures.sprintpcs.com.  The URLs contained
long seemingly-random strings, though with my sample
(of 2) I only saw 5 identical characters in the same locations.
Has anyone done any less casual cryptanalysis on these
kind of URLs?  One wonders how much protection from
(non-sprintpcs.com and ISP) snoopers that the "random" strings
actually provide.
A fool and their bits are soon mirrored worldwide.

@_date: 2003-09-17 14:31:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Verisign's Wildcard A-Records and DNSSEC Plans? 
You need to include adjacent-letter permutations at least, in that there
Barbed wire is selling nicely out here on the linguistic range.  I keep
ahearin' that there's
gonna be a rush on punctuation, and I can't doubt it eventually, but
I'mma gonna wait meself.
PS: Also you saw the /. mention of how words are readable if you permute
inner letters?
Personally I use a dotted quad and an alternate port..

@_date: 2003-09-18 16:30:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Duck Freedom Fighter (Terrorists), Euler SUV Graffiti 
This is *not* a spoof.
Activists Take Ducks From Foie Gras Shed
FARMINGTON, Calif.  With only the dim light of a half-moon to guide
them, four self-proclaimed "duck freedom fighters" made their way early
Wednesday across an abandoned field, around dilapidated, foul-smelling
chicken pens, and over a narrow passage through a large manure-filled
Soon, four Peking-Muscovy ducks were free.
Man Claims Role in SUV Firebombings
Communicating via three e-mails and in two telephone interviews over the
last three days, the man provided details of the attack that authorities
said were known only by investigators and those involved in the
incidents. He refused to give his name, say where he lives or agree to
be interviewed in person.
The caller said that he and others vandalized and set fire to Hummers
and other SUVs Aug. 22 to draw attention to pollution caused by the
Law enforcement sources, however, said details of the attacks match
previously unreported evidence. Details obtained from the man in the
telephone interviews include:
 A math formula  Euler's Theorem  was spray painted on one of the
SUVs as a way of distinguishing the participants' work. "We thought it
would be nice to have something a little kooky just in case this
happened," he said, adding that he finds the formula "beautiful."

@_date: 2003-09-22 15:27:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
America shouldn't have been / shouldn't be involved in any of the
overseas wars or the
resulting injustices.  It was a Euro/Brit problem.
As far as I can tell, the EuroXian guilt after WWII
was shed by sending the Jews to a slice of desert that the Brits
had conquered previously.  "Two wrongs not making a right" doesn't
seem to have occurred to them.  Funny how this was never described
during my American education.  Its quite simple, albeit suppressed.
It therefore seems fairer to give a slice of EuroLand to the folks that
the Euros felt guilty about mistreating.  Its on the same ocean, and
there's more water there too.  This is also totally kosher historically,
the victors of war often repartition the losers' lands (to say nothing
of enslaving them..)
Its a bummer that this would have to be done 60 years too late,
displacing some Euros, but hey, maybe three wrongs make things right?
Will trade one Vanunu trading card for a Pollard..

@_date: 2003-09-21 23:55:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
If you pay taxes, you are a terrorist.  Even if you pay them under
of violence, as most do.
9/11 was a commando/specops operations against an invader on par
with Rome.  If the US were invaded by troops from Arabia, one would
expect that American Patriots (tm) would perform similar military
What part of "beware foreign entanglements" does Congress have a
problem with?
Give part of germany to the jews, and give palestine back to the arabs,
and blame the history of British imperialism.  Buy whatever oil, hash,
carpets you find on the free market.
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2003-09-21 23:55:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
If you pay taxes, you are a terrorist.  Even if you pay them under
of violence, as most do.
9/11 was a commando/specops operations against an invader on par
with Rome.  If the US were invaded by troops from Arabia, one would
expect that American Patriots (tm) would perform similar military
What part of "beware foreign entanglements" does Congress have a
problem with?
Give part of germany to the jews, and give palestine back to the arabs,
and blame the history of British imperialism.  Buy whatever oil, hash,
carpets you find on the free market.
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington

@_date: 2003-09-21 05:58:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
1. The grunt found out that cats have no alpha cats
2. Nothing like boozing it up in a Moslem (ex)nation.  At *least* the
wasn't *stoned* on cannabis or something evil like that.
feed. Two
but could
during the
of one
other two,
Do you use PROMIS for Felines or the latest Orion Scientific codes to
these relationships?   Just curious; Ellison is on the phone trying to
sell Oracle ID
for cats.
If the chinese muslim priestgrunt was spying for Usama, maybe Wen-Ho was
bahklava recipes to Saddam?

@_date: 2003-09-21 00:23:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Walker: NAT means you are a consumer, not a peer 
(from /.) has a good rant by John Walker on how NAT turns
users into consumers.
Also Speak Freely maintenance is ending.  Sic transit
unix to PC secure vox.  Note that PGPfone devel
ended a while ago, unsupporting PC to Mac secvox.
Nautilus is AFAIK PC to PC only.
John is also pessimistic about 1. IPv6 deployment
and 2. the return of NAT'd broadband users to non-consumer
(ie, potential server aka publisher) status.
As always, Walker is worth a read.
                       "The right to be left alone - the most
                          comprehensive of rights, and the right most
                          valued by civilized men."
                          -- Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis

@_date: 2003-09-21 00:23:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Walker: NAT means you are a consumer, not a peer 
(from /.) has a good rant by John Walker on how NAT turns
users into consumers.
Also Speak Freely maintenance is ending.  Sic transit
unix to PC secure vox.  Note that PGPfone devel
ended a while ago, unsupporting PC to Mac secvox.
Nautilus is AFAIK PC to PC only.
John is also pessimistic about 1. IPv6 deployment
and 2. the return of NAT'd broadband users to non-consumer
(ie, potential server aka publisher) status.
As always, Walker is worth a read.
                       "The right to be left alone - the most
                          comprehensive of rights, and the right most
                          valued by civilized men."
                          -- Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis

@_date: 2003-09-23 04:14:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Elngsih (was "") 
You don't actually think that Folks Who Care use interesting keywords,
do you?
You *at least* use codebooks.  As Dr. Teller wrote, "its a boy".
Correct.   The text-stego channel is *much* more subtle.  In fact, it
doesn't even require
the recent perceptual-linguistic fnidnig, fascinating as it may be.
Only some stego binary codes that are translated after recovery, so
Simon's on
Folks, you 1. compress 2. encrypt 3. stego, in that order.  You probably
an ECC in between 2 & 3; this is vital if Mallory messes with
your spelling [1].  You probably also add misspelling "chaff" just to
make it
harder for the adversary to undo the stego.  (E.g., you're using a keyed
PRNG to determine which words to misspell.  So you misspell others too.
You use your choice of misspellings to encode the cargo.  Maybe have
misspellings map to 0 or 1.)
Note that its harder to do this in Hebrew, since it has a higher
bit:symbol ratio, thanks to vwl drppng.
The notion of using "bmob" or "hroien" in a message to avoid keyword
nets is just *comical*.  (Note that ammo, beer, and weed cannot be
stego'd this way :-)
Note that these newfangled blog thingss are very good broadcasting (ie,
traffic-analysis resistant)
media, assuming you write something interesting enough to have a
nontrivial audience.  So, more traditionally, are posts to usenet or
lists like this.
[1] In wartime, censors *gisted* letters, tossing out your wordage.
"One of these centuries, the brutes, private or public, who believe that
they can rule their betters by force, will learn the lesson of what
happens when brute force encounters mind and force." - Ragnar
Danneskold, from Atlas Shrugged

@_date: 2003-09-23 05:00:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Ca passes car data recorder privacy law 
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22  California today adopted the nation's first law
meant to protect the privacy of drivers whose cars are equipped with
"black boxes," or data recorders that can be used to gather vital
information on how a vehicle is being driven in the last seconds before
a crash.
Gov. Gray Davis signed the law, which takes effect on July 1, requiring
carmakers to disclose the existence of such devices and forbidding
access to the data without either a court order or the owner's
permission, unless it is for a safety study in which the information
cannot be traced back to the car.
More than 25 million cars and trucks have the boxes that measure speed,
air-bag deployment and the use of brakes, seat belts and turn signals.
But California's privacy law is the first of its kind, says Thomas M.
Kowalick, co-chairman of a committee convened by the Institute of
Electrical and Electronics Engineers to set standards for the boxes.
Most of the recorders are on General Motors vehicles, but Ford and
others have deployed some. Other manufacturers have plans to do the

@_date: 2003-09-25 16:46:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: DC Security Geeks Talk: Analysis of an Electronic Voting System 
Someone needs to inject a story about e-voting fraud into the popular
Is Tom Clancy available?  Maybe an anonymous, detailed, plausible, (but
secretly fictional)
blog describing  how someone did this in their podunk county... then
"leak" this to a news reporter..
Failure to be *able* to assure that this *didn't* happen in that podunk
county would make
an important point.
"On two occasions, I have been asked [by members of Parliament],
 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures,
 will the right answers come out?' I am not able to rightly apprehend
 the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question."
                                          -- Charles Babbage

@_date: 2003-09-25 16:46:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: DC Security Geeks Talk: Analysis of an Electronic Voting 
Someone needs to inject a story about e-voting fraud into the popular
Is Tom Clancy available?  Maybe an anonymous, detailed, plausible, (but
secretly fictional)
blog describing  how someone did this in their podunk county... then
"leak" this to a news reporter..
Failure to be *able* to assure that this *didn't* happen in that podunk
county would make
an important point.
"On two occasions, I have been asked [by members of Parliament],
 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures,
 will the right answers come out?' I am not able to rightly apprehend
 the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question."
                                          -- Charles Babbage

@_date: 2003-09-28 07:40:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Terror status: urine-colored 
These Passenger Stability Indicators Include :
Social Security Number,
and Home Ownership.
Two Additional Elements If Available Would Likely Be Good
Indicators: Namely, Miles Flown Annually and Lifetime.
"Homeland Security - Airline Passenger Risk Assessment"
Would unplanned urban construction just before the '04 elections help or
hurt Bush?
Our machines are thrashing on the national-coherency vs.
mass-psysim code.

@_date: 2003-09-28 08:13:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: vehicle tracking from inductive signatures 
The loops in the road are, after all, analogue:
A general vehicle reidentification system using inductive loop
signatures to uniquely but anonymously track
individual vehicles, has been formulated and tested in recent years at
the University of California, Irvine. By using
non-obtrusive and anonymous tracking methods, individual vehicles can be
identified and correlated over numerous
identification stations, and very specific real-time data can be
obtained for each tracked vehicle.
Anonymous Vehicle Tracking for
Real-Time Traffic Surveillance
Cheol Oh 1
Stephen G. Ritchie
August 2002
Institute of Transportation Studies
University of California, Irvine
Irvine, CA 92697-3600, U.S.A.

@_date: 2003-09-28 07:02:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: When the brownshirts come for your underwear 
This is the commune of the guy charged and released for toasting some
Hummers.  Getting RichardJewell'ed by the FBI.  Oh yes, he is
"a peace activist who has protested the war in Iraq and actions
of the Bush administration" which is surely coincidental.
CNN interviewed him 11pm Sat, and he's getting a lawyer.
This interview was a few minutes before Declan talked about
spam (and mentioned Eudora on CNN!)

@_date: 2003-09-29 18:42:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Wipe your Lamo notes now 
The Subpoenas are Coming!
By Mark Rasch Sep 29 2003 05:00AM PT
Frequent readers of this space know that I am no apologist for hackers
Adrian Lamo, who, in the guise of protection, access others' computer
systems without authorization, and then publicize these vulnerabilities.
When Lamo did this to the New York Times, he violated two of my cardinal
rules: Don't make enemies with people appointed for life by the
of the United States; and don't make enemies of people who buy their ink
the gallon.
Now, in the scope of prosecuting Lamo, the FBI is doing the hacker one
better by violating both of these precepts in one fell swoop.
The Bureau recently sent letters to a handful of reporters who have
stories about the Lamo case -- whether or not they have actually
interviewed Lamo. The letters warn them to expect subpoenas for all
documents relating to the hacker, including, apparently, their own
e-mails, impressions, interviews with third parties, independent
investigations, privileged conversations and communications, off the
statements, and expense and travel reports related to stories about
In short, everything.
The notices make no mention of the protections of the First Amendment,
Department of Justice regulations that restrict the authority to
information from journalists, or the New York law that creates a
shield" against disclosure of certain confidential information by
Instead, the FBI has threatened to put these reporters in jail unless
agree to preserve all of these records while they obtain a subpoena for
them under provisions amended by the USA-PATRIOT Act.
The FBI doesn't want the reporters talking to anyone, because that would
supposedly harm the ongoing criminal investigation.
The government also officiously informed the reporters that this is an
"official criminal investigation" and asks that they not disclose the
request to preserve documents, or the contents of the letter, to anyone
presumably including their editors, directors, or lawyers -- under the
implied threat of prosecution for obstruction of justice.
That's why you're reading about the letters for the first time here.
They do this despite the fact that, had they actually obtained and
issued a
subpoena for these documents, the federal criminal procedure rules would
have prohibited the imposition of any obligation of secrecy unless the
Justice Department obtained a "gag" order on the press -- a rare event
All of this began the day after the Attorney General advised all United
States Attorney's Offices to prosecute each and every criminal offense
the harshest possible penalties, instead of the previous policy of
prosecuting cases with the penalties that most accurately reflect the
seriousness of the offense. Thus, journalists be forewarned -- your
government may be seeking to throw the book at you!
Believe it or not, this isn't even the worst of it.
Patriot Games
The demand that journalists preserve their notes is being made under
that require ISP's and other "providers of electronic communications
services" to preserve, for example, e-mails stored on their service,
pending a subpoena, under a statute modified by the USA-PATRIOT Act.
The purpose of that law was to prevent the inadvertent destruction of
ephemeral electronic records pending a subpoena. For example, you could
tell an ISP that you were investigating a hacking case, and that they
should preserve the audit logs while you ran to the local magistrate for
It was never intended to apply to journalist's records.
Similarly, the letters go on to inform the reporters that the FBI
to get an order for production of records under the Electronic
Communication Transactional Records Act, a statute that applies only to
ISPs. Citing that law, they insist that the journalist is mandated to
preserve records for at least the next three months and possibly longer.
This demand is all the more egregious in that it comes more than a year
after the articles and interviews first appeared -- after any actual
Internet logs would have been routinely deleted.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2003-09-29 22:39:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Motorola Security Chips 
What do you mean "crypto apps"?  In some cases you can get support for
crypto hardware in a version of say VxWorks etc which makes it easier.
Perhaps you can get
as much as full IPSec since RTOS companies often sell IP stacks too.
Particularly important when say your SOHO OEM customer doesn't have
resources or expertise.  "Buy our chips, we'll get WindRiver to give you
price break,
all you do is recompile with  NUMPORTS set to the number of
RJ-45s on
the thing"
Core or edge, baby? NPU is a marketroid term.
What's called a "network processor" might range from an Intel IXP w/
hardware AES
(and everything else including mbuf ops), that can do line-rate SONET,
for a few hundred $;
or an IDT 100 Mhz MIPS with a
DES core and ethernet i/f glued on for $10 for your 10Mbps home router.
All of them come with some kind of software
and/or partnerships with software/OS vendors --hard to sell silicon
without that.  At least, drivers for
common OS.
The hardware vendor's problem is this: You have all these transistors to
do something with.
May as well add crypto to netstuff, just like
graphics ops got added to gamestuff.  Transistors are free and
integrating functions might give you an edge over
the competition for a while.  When was the last time you shopped for a
floating-point co-processor?
Eventually innovation becomes a "checkbox" item.  Eventually chips will
come with cup-holders and power-mirrors.
If so, which is deemed more secure by
(Am I
You add hardware accelerators on chips with other functions
to increase crypto-app *performance*.   Rarely, you/NSA buy it because
its immutable,
so you avoid certain problems.  (Problems mostly solved by integrated
ROMs for
your CPU.)  Mostly you buy for performance.
*Any* black box is less trustworthy
than code you can read; however,
have you read your OS or compiler recently?
Before you claim that others have,
Have you realized that trust isn't transitive yet?
And are you sure your "generic" black-box CPU
(that runs your ever-so-carefully hand-inspected code)
hasn't any interesting tricks hidden inside?   F00F!
If you want complete transparency, use a soft CPU core on an
FPGA so nothing (but the FPGA fabric) is opaque.  As a
paran^H^H^H^Hcypherpunk, you might design your
system to use a few FPGAs (purchased from different vendors
as anonymously as possible) identically configured and have them vote.
Don't have them vote using Diebold machinery, though :-)

@_date: 2003-10-27 21:04:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "If you use encryption, you help the terrorists win" 
To a troll-like extent.
The government left the gold (etc) standard so they could print money to
fund wars.
They will also not hesitate to confiscate more of your income to fund
And will confiscate your children (or you) as cannon fodder.

@_date: 2003-10-18 18:52:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: LOCAL Mountain View, California, USA: events this week 
Nice translation.
Main Entry: ag7o7ra
Pronunciation: 'a-g&-r&
Function: noun
Inflected Form(s): plural -ras or ag7o7rae /-"rE, -"rI/
Etymology: Greek, from ageirein to gather
: a gathering place; especially : the marketplace in ancient Greec
A quotable quote.
The Elseviers compete with the xxx.lanls.  As do journals that charge
the author to publish with those that don't.  Etc.
Market manipulation is only done using violence.  Only the government
or other mafias manipulate markets.  The rest (aquisitions, proprietary
formats, bundling and giving it away free) is a perhaps more savage
ecosystem than you prefer, but that's life.
There is no such thing as DRM for analog content.  Only
for machine-executable interactive content (eg games).
The gamer-publisher vs. cracker war has been going on indefinately,
even when it was putting a slug into a pinball machine.
Either I do have the raw bits of an
makes a
So? Think of it as free advertising for *nix.   And it works, too,
many have $witched.
sharing of
I personally have no problem with intermediaries of any form going
I have moral problems with tossing copyright out, but have learned
that the only way to prevent their weakening is a police state.
Unless 'trusted' stuff is *required*, people will decide, and they
need not decide homogenously.  If they decide foolishly, well,
that's their choice, evolution never sleeps.  As Schneier once
wrote, offer a free hamburger for DNA samples and they'll line up
around the block.
format if
Are there no home-Mac users who work for entities that require PC usage?

@_date: 2003-10-15 17:15:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Judge Orders Reporters (TM) to Reveal Sources 
Judge Orders Reporters to Reveal Sources
4 News Organizations Told to Identify Officials Interviewed in Wen Ho
Lee Reports
His lawyers have encountered what the judge described as "a pattern of
denials, vague or evasive answers, and stonewalling" on the part of the
government officials they questioned.
That gives Lee's attorneys the right, Jackson said, to demand that
certain journalists who wrote about the case say which officials might
have provided the information.
"This is kind of bad news," said Lucy Dalglish, executive director of
the Washington-based Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press. She
said it is highly unusual for a judge to order so many reporters at once
to divulge their sources and almost unprecedented in a case in which no
criminal actions are alleged.

@_date: 2003-10-15 16:46:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Software protection scheme may boost new game sales 
What's wrong with these things?   They're not fraud.
Which trivially eliminates your objections to the user thinking
is wrong.
Yes.  The company *should* swap scratched originals to preserve this
backup right,
but I don't think they're legally required to.  And the company won't be
around forever,
whereas backups can, so the swapping plan is inferior.
*However*, as incrementally clever as this scheme is, it is succeptible
to a CD dupe program that is bit for bit correct, no?
And since the protected software *checks* the CD for the errors, than a
CD bit-for-bit
copier *must* be able to be written, no?   Or is there a problem writing
on consumer-grade CD burners?   (If so, this is a good marketing tool;
if not, this is going
to be cracked.)

@_date: 2003-10-15 16:30:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Monkeys Control Robotic Arm With Brain Implants 
Congress is monkeys controlling sheep with words...

@_date: 2003-10-13 17:56:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Nuking USG: not just for cypherpunks anymore 
people know
Perhaps Mr. Rosenthal or Mr. Chong might have an opinion on this...

@_date: 2003-10-06 00:50:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: On suing Marcy Hamilton for being a bimbo 
Ditto, sir.  Along with the amazingly irregular "English", and various
other systems subject to Metcalfe's Law (aka the fax effect).
However, I have to live in the Real
Feh.  You may choose not to work for the military.  I do.  You may
also choose to work with folks who require MShit.  The cost of
either decision is pretty high nowadays.
I (and you) have to share the planet with a population *half* of which
is subaverage
in intelligence.  A population that loves Fox News and Bush and Brittny
and ESPN etc.  So what?
Its our albatross.  You don't use govt violence to correct this.
One can assume that Joe Sixpack has seen the creditcard trick, and makes
locally rational decisions.  Hell, my Dad read about Blaze's "master
key" attack
in the paper.
Ok.  But do you see my point?   You do not want the State to decide
what is good, fair, publishable, etc.  The 1st amendment permits
all kinds of objectionable bits.  I rather like that, although I don't
like many of the bits or their effect on many members of my species.
Here in the US, we don't sue folks who write inflammatory books
because their readers have done some wrong.  It should be the
same with machine-executable bits.
Actually, yes.  Though I very much like your use of that phrase.
I can't sue Fox for polluting the minds of people I might encounter.
 Similar for rendering HTML in mails; I never saw a
Whatever.  There was generally a reason for introducing abilities else
it wouldn't
have been invested in, assuming rational actors.  That  was a
security/privacy risk didn't occur to them, or was ignored, is
irrelevant as
far as legal culpability should be concerned.
I thought NetBSD was the tight one.  I've run FreeBSD.  *Whatever*
But your comment again illustrates: security vs. convenience.  *BSD
biasses are different (and clearly superior from a security point of
than other OSes.  But this is *irrelevent*.  We're not talking tech
here, we're talking law.
Right.  And MS has zero obligation to support anything it doesn't want
:-)  But what I meant was this decision is irrelevant.  Or would you
have Ashcroft aim his guns at Redmond for that (perhaps poor,
perhaps required, I don't know the rationale) design decision?
If they were easier to admin, perhaps you would not have a job :-)
Armies need enemies, after all.
YOU ARE JOE CODER.
Do you want to threatened with state violence because
someone doesn't like your design decisions or implementation
Exploding tires are dealt with by Consumer Reports and other reputation
I'm not sure whether being an implied MS defender is any better than
associated with the folks who took L Ron seriously.  I'll let this one
since I was borderline abusive before.
Yes, Esperanto has no hope, though it may be better designed.  Metcalfe
Let them whine.  So long as they don't use state violence (eg DMCA)
against others.
Doesn't that make them legally *more* liable, realizing they
have "erred" yet continuing?

@_date: 2003-10-06 00:09:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Marcy Hamilton suing the disco where she got STDs 
(resent) True.  Not even expensive.  Don't even need hardware.
Marcy is blaming the Redmond disco for the STDs she picked up by
banging anything that smiled at her there.  When she could have
herself and even enjoyed that disco, if that's her taste.
Given freedom to act, you wear a condom.  You don't sue the disco for
failing to
dispense free condoms, or failing to screen its clients.   Or even
failing to prevent
you from being promiscuous.  Marcy is doing that.
She may as well sue Postel's estate, or the SMTP RFC authors
for spam.
The law should not protect against stupidity, or even masochism,
or their consequences.  Just *nonconsensual* transactions.    Pretty
What part of "shall accept all interference and not generate
is difficult to understand :-)
Or in the modern world, what part of "unlicensed spectrum" is?
In the optical domain:
My local police log had "incident: victim offended by religious
sticker on vehicle" in their police log.   I have written to them asking
if this is a joke, or if they were being polite to some crackpot
by taking a report.  Accept all interference, baby.  Do not sue
the printer of stickers you can't handle.
Or imagine a car that actually disengages the steering wheel at
Where I grew up, a car had to have a brake exam every year.  In Calif,
no such test, only smog occasionally.  The brake exam seems fairer,
because the harm you can do to others is more focussed.  Though given
pop density and atmospheric conditions, and that pollution beyond your
property is a legit libertarian harm, Calif's smog check is probably
Some dude found that if you spin up a CD on a Dremel it
will spray sharp shards when it disintegrates.  Should we sue Phillips
or Dremel?
Maybe we should call Dana Taschner, *he'll* know.  (Hint: Who has more
money, Phillips or Dremel?)
People who are willing to rely on the government to keep them safe
are pretty much standing on Darwin's mat, pounding on the door,
screaming, "Take me, take me!"--Cael in A.S.R.

@_date: 2003-10-03 12:40:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: more unconstitutional things (FBI vs. 4th amend) 
Court says prisoners cant be ordered to give blood samples
A THREE-JUDGE PANEL of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, the first
federal appeals court to address the federal DNA Analysis Backlog
Elimination Act, said requiring convicts to give blood for a criminal
database was a violation of their Fourth Amendment rights against
illegal searches.
       Ruling 2-to-1, the San Francisco-based court said it was an
unlawful invasion of privacy because the samples were taken without
legal suspicion that the convicts were involved in other crimes.

@_date: 2003-10-02 21:34:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Ambulance Chasing Lawyer sues M$ 
Microsoft Sued for Weak Security
Dana Taschner, a Newport Beach, California, lawyer who filed the lawsuit
on behalf of a single plaintiff and a potential class of millions of
Microsoft customers, could not be immediately reached for comment.
Dana Taschner - dbtaschner
Dana Taschner Esq.
450 Newport Center Drive
Newport Beach, California 92660
Phone - 949-644-7718
Dana Taschner, 450 Newport Center Drive, Suite 420, Newport Beach,
California, 92660
Dana B. Taschner
2112 Century Park Lane, Suite 207
Los Angeles, CA 90067
Domain Name: CONTINGENCYLAW.COM
Dana Taschner Esq.
450 Newport Center Drive
Newport Beach, CA 92660
Domain Name: RECALLEDPRODUCTS.COM
Dana Taschner - dbtaschner
Dana Taschner Esq.
450 Newport Center Drive
Newport Beach, California 92660
Phone - 949-644-7718
 (incl. his photo)
Can citizens sue the Calif Bar for admitting ambulance-chasing,
abusers like Taschner?

@_date: 2003-10-02 07:33:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Your papers please?  CAPSII and other abuses 
Note especially the high false-positive-to-hit ratio, and this:
"Fatherland Security chief Tom Ridge, for example, has already approved
the use of CAPPS II to identify fugitives wanted for violent crimes."
Computer hunt for terrorists
October 2, 2003
By Charles Piller and Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Times Staff Writers
A secret computer program detected something suspicious about the
middle-aged passenger heading to Eugene, Ore.
He traveled often, usually taking one-way flights on short notice. In
the months following the Sept. 11 attacks, every time he tried to board
a flight in Portland, he was pulled out of line and searched as a
possible terrorist threat.
The passenger was Peter A. DeFazio  congressman from Oregon, former Air
Force officer and ranking Democrat on the House subcommittee overseeing
airline security.
"My constituents found it very amusing," DeFazio said.
It soon became less humorous when he learned he could stop triggering
the security checks by simply joining a frequent flier program, a trick
that in the computer's mind transformed him from a suspect into a
trusted customer.
"A terrorist can't figure that out?" DeFazio asked.
Since the Sept. 11 attacks, creating an effective system to screen out
both known terrorists and would-be hijackers  plotters with spotless
records but nefarious intent  from millions of airline passengers has
become a top priority in the war against terrorism.
But as DeFazio's experience showed, even the most elaborate current
computer systems stumble when trying to decipher human motivations, and,
like any security scheme, have been perpetually vulnerable to being
In the face of such challenges, the federal government has embarked on a
costly program to create a second-generation profiling system designed
to verify the identity of every passenger and analyze their lives
through a "black box" of government intelligence and law enforcement
databases. Though details of the system are secret, security experts
believe that more than 100 factors will be used to sniff out terrorists
based on telephone records, travel patterns, law enforcement files and
other sources.
The system will turn the new federal Transportation Security
Administration into one of the most intrusive government agencies,
perhaps second only to the Internal Revenue Service  investigating
about 70 million passengers who take 675 million trips by air annually.
And possibly, all for an illusion of security.
"The U.S. is so much oriented toward a technology [solution] that the
people are serving the technology," said Offer Einav, former director of
security for Israel's national airline, El Al, widely considered the
world's most secure carrier. Like other aviation security experts, he
views computer profiling as beneficial only if paired with seasoned
security officials who exercise common sense and conduct their own
psychological assessments of passengers  not part of the U.S. program.
"They are dealing with enemies who are human beings. Human beings will
always beat the technology," Einav said.
Mixed Success
No computer-based system has ever verifiably thwarted a hijacking or
bombing, according to federal and private security experts. But given
the enormousness of the task, the airline industry's current system 
the Computer Assisted Passenger Pre-Screening system, or CAPPS  has
occasionally shown flashes of brilliance.
Its greatest success may have been on Sept. 11, 2001. In the 24 hours
leading up to the hijackings, CAPPS would have checked more than 1.8
million passengers. It actually flagged six of the 19 terrorists later
involved in the hijackings, according to the national commission on the
Sept. 11 attacks. About 92,000 innocent travelers were also singled out.
Unfortunately, only a brief luggage check for explosives and weapons was
required. The hijackers  and the then-legal box cutters several were
carrying  were all welcomed aboard their flights.
CAPPS was deployed in 1998, following the crash of TWA Flight 800 off
Long Island two years earlier. It was part of a package of
anti-terrorism measures put in place  including baggage X-rays and
bomb-sniffing dogs  even though mechanical failure was later blamed for
the crash.
The system largely relies on government watch lists and passenger travel
histories. It provides a relatively rudimentary check that the industry
designed as a compromise between maintaining efficiency in boarding
passengers and finding possible terrorists, said consultant Douglas
Laird, former security director for Northwest Airlines, who helped
develop CAPPS.
Laird praised CAPPS for targeting nearly a third of the Sept. 11
hijackers. "What failed on 9/11 was the follow-up," he said.
After the events of Sept. 11 exposed CAPPS' weaknesses, the airlines and
the government tried to compensate by hedging their bets  flagging 15%
to 20% of travelers  an estimated 370,000 per day  for hand luggage
searches and extra security checks. That is an increase from 5% in 2001,
according to the TSA.
But casting such a wide net can overwhelm the system, resulting in long
delays at the airport. The government believes the best way to increase
security and efficiency is to create a more advanced computer system.
CAPPS II, an upgrade expected to cost more than $105 million, is
designed to transform a few simple database searches into an omniscient
eye on terrorism. The TSA, which will operate the system, plans to
introduce it next year. "I don't think there is a single project that
will do more potential good for aviation security," said Adm. James M.
Loy, head of the TSA. CAPPS II will have "an astonishing capability" to
trace would-be terrorists, even if they lead apparently unremarkable
lives, he added.
In addition to checking travel records, CAPPS II would require each
passenger to provide his name, birth date, home address and phone number
when making a reservation. Commercial database companies would check the
information against billions of public records and issue an identity
rating, handicapping the likelihood that the passenger is lying and
judging how "rooted" the person is in a community, rating such factors
as local family connections and the amount of time in the same home.
The government would then check the information against national
security and law enforcement watch lists of more than 100,000 suspects.
It would mine CIA, FBI and other intelligence databases to pluck the
rare unknown terrorist from an ocean of innocents with a kind of
technological mind-reading.
The government estimates that no more than 4% of passengers  about
74,000 people a day  would be rated "unknown risk/yellow light" by
CAPPS II and get closer screening, such as shoe checks and physical
searches of carry-on items.
An average of only one or two people per day would be rated "high
risk/red light" and be barred from flying or even arrested.
Those are the theoretical projections. Reality could be far different.
"Systems that involve wholesale surveillance of innocents tend not to
work," said Bruce Schneier, a leading cryptographer and chief technical
officer of Counterpane Internet Security, a cyber-security firm. "It's
not feasible to catch the bad guys without also catching too many good
Innocent Victim
Consider the experience of Joe Adams of Cottage Grove, Minn., an
unassuming, 71-year-old scholar of British literature, who travels for
pleasure and his part-time job grading college entrance exams.
Adams was flagged by CAPPS more than a dozen times between April 2002
and this August. At first he was perplexed, then frustrated and finally
angered at being treated like a national security threat for up to two
hours every time he flew.
Adams eventually learned the reason: His name, like hundreds of other
Joe Adamses nationwide, resembled an alias of an alleged Al Qaeda
"I appreciate what they are trying to do security-wise," Adams said.
"What I don't appreciate is what they are trying to do to someone like
me," someone improbably old for such a mission. "I could be [a
terrorist's] grandpa."
Adams' problem eventually disappeared without explanation. Many others
simply put up with such treatment. Calls to seven random Joseph Adamses
around the country turned up five who fly regularly and share the
literature scholar's plight.
One Massachusetts grandmother of 12, whose husband is named Joseph
Adams, was told by an airport screener that she was flagged as not just
a regular security risk, but a high security risk.
By design, computer profiling systems flag millions of people for such
common reasons as moving often, visiting the Middle East or being
unlucky enough to share a name with someone on the watch list. The
result is an enormous error rate that can overwhelm screeners.
At the same time, the systems are necessarily blinded from considering
some factors. For example, ethnic, religious or racial designations are
excluded from today's CAPPS and CAPPS II to avoid discrimination.
Linking those factors to terrorism may be an application of crude
stereotypes, but from a security standpoint, barring such identifiers
doesn't make sense, Einav said.
"As far as I remember, none of the Al Qaeda members was a citizen of the
state of Switzerland or was a Catholic priest," Einav said.
"Unfortunately, cells of Al Qaeda are existing in Islamic states."
The Sept. 11 terrorists understood that a successful hijacking depended
on exploiting precisely these types of holes in the computer profiling
In the months leading up to the attacks, they tried several dry runs to
see if their efforts to remain invisible to the security system had paid
off, according to the joint House-Senate intelligence report on the
attacks, issued last December.
"Transparency is the Achilles' heel" of CAPPS, letting attackers
"reverse engineer" the system, wrote Samidh Chakrabarti and Aaron
Strauss, students from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and
Harvard University, whose computer science class paper raised eyebrows
in the airline industry last year.
Passengers know where they stand  whether they have been placed in a
separate line, interrogated or searched.
Chakrabarti and Strauss concluded that if a terrorist made six trial
flights and got the green light every time, that person could
confidently assume that he or she would not be stopped by the system on
a real hijack mission.
Schneier suggested an even simpler approach.
"You want a good identity? Steal it," he said. A recent report from the
Federal Trade Commission found that 27 million Americans have been
victimized by this type of fraud in the last five years.
MIT professor Arnold Barnett, a consultant to the government on aviation
safety and security issues, said no computer program is immune to such
"The belief that penetrating people's minds is the key to stopping
airline terror could be an illusion that, if taken seriously, might
someday be shattered at great cost," he wrote in an upcoming article in
the journal Risk Analysis. "In the worst-case scenario, [CAPPS II] could
be reminiscent of the Maginot line."
The TSA's Loy said his agency can foil the terrorists' efforts. "We will
be counter-gaming the gaming," he said.
One way to do that is to conduct random security checks, which flag
passengers regardless of their threat rating.
Random checks were increased after the Sept. 11 attacks, but proved
endlessly irritating to the millions of innocent travelers who resent
security guards rummaging through their underwear and other personal
effects. They have since been "radically" reduced, and would remain at
current levels under CAPPS II, Loy said.
CAPPS II would also constantly update its data and adjust its analysis
to keep terrorists off balance, Loy said.
But Stanford University computer scientist Jeffrey D. Ullman said that
building a prescient computer system capable of seeing through simple
human ruses would require an effort comparable to the Manhattan Project
during World War II to build the atomic bomb.
Short of that unlikely prospect, the other option is to engulf ever
greater amounts of data in hopes of bolstering the computer system.
Privacy Concerns
In its initial plan, the government proposed keeping CAPPS II dossiers
of air travelers on file for 50 years, but the idea was dropped after a
public outcry.
Privacy advocates still worry that, as with any large database, there is
an inevitable tendency to use the information for more and more
purposes. Homeland Security chief Tom Ridge, for example, has already
approved the use of CAPPS II to identify fugitives wanted for violent
Even before the deployment of CAPPS II, a major data-security lapse has
jolted the traveling public. JetBlue Airways Corp. admitted recently
that in a deliberate violation of its own rules, it had secretly
delivered detailed passenger data to a military contractor working on a
separate airline security project. Outraged customers have filed suit
against the company, and the Homeland Security Department has initiated
an investigation.
The TSA acknowledged that some mishaps involving accuracy and disclosure
of CAPPS II data are inevitable. The agency will have a passenger
advocate and appeals process, but has yet to spell out what rights
passengers will have. Congress has asked the General Accounting Office
to investigate if CAPPS II can identify suspicious travelers without
trampling the rights of innocents; lawmakers are awaiting the GAO's
verdict before approving deployment of the system.
"We here at the Department of Homeland Security are also citizens, and
we are also very concerned about our rights, about our privacy and about
our civil liberties," said Nuala O'Connor Kelly, the department's chief
privacy officer.
But privacy advocates say that because CAPPS II information would be
classified, travelers would never be certain why they were flagged. It's
a Catch-22 that would present enormous challenges for clearing their
names  and an enormous temptation for misuse, said David Sobel, general
counsel of the Washington-based Electronic Privacy Information Center.
"People are going to want to know, 'Why am I pulled aside every time I
take a flight?' " he said. "The answer is going to be, 'Sorry, we can't
tell you.' "

@_date: 2003-10-04 21:12:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: On suing Marcy Hamilton for being a bimbo 
So don't use their tools.   Don't abuse the law against the maker
of a tool which can be used improperly.  It is simply
wrong to blame a gun or drill or code maker because some evildoer
(virus propogator) used the tool against you.
There is a huge difference
Let me guess: the State gets to decide how many bugs per line of code?
You mean decisions that don't fit *your* fancy.
See below for others' possible motivations.
and keeping everything
Again, the maker's choice; your choice to purchase.
including services that next to nobody
You don't understand the convenience vs. security tradeoff too well.
Or the importance of convenience to sales.
Not even mentioning the tendency of the patches
And this doesn't happen with other OSes?  Please.  And every
version of *nix has always shipped with everything off, maximally
locked down?  Right.
Can't remember
[Tech: Since when have MS SSL bugs had *anything* to do with worms and
And does MS even support SSH? ]
There have been plenty of security and overflow bugs in Open* security
Or when I had to
Your bias is turning you into something dark.  I sort of expected
this reaction, since I was defending MS's right to exist.
But if MS is treated this way, so is Joe Coder.
Caveat emptor.  Some folks buy cars with no airbags; others buy
cars with a dozen.   Should everyone be forced to buy the safest
car (as defined by the State, of course).
If Marcy clicks on attachments, runs mail clients
that run embedded scripts, basically spreads her legs and
lets everyone in, how is this different from someone who
rolls their SUV because they were clueless as to physics?
Au contraire, I'm sure someone who asserts class-action status is
interested in hearing
from the public she is so kindly protecting.
Its a real shame when (albeit deserved) MS-hostility/contempt biasses
folks into
immorality or irrationality.  Its like blaming the authors of the SMTP
RFC for

@_date: 2003-10-03 19:35:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: On suing Marcy Hamilton for being a bimbo 
Dear Dana Taschner, Esq,
We'd like to file a class-action suit against
MARCY HAMILTON
2804 MCCONNELL DR
LOS ANGELES CA  90064
For abusing the law, and holding toolmakers
responsible for what lusers do with them.
You will, of course, get your 1/3 contingency fee.
We realize she hasn't anything like the billions you
seek, but she is still culpable, right buddy?  And
anyone can sue anybody for anything, as your career
so aptly demonstrates.
Maybe we can $ettle out of court... that is what you're
after, isn't it?
And tell Marcy to buy a fucking firewall, stop clicking
on attachments, and stop rendering HTML mail.  She
makes you wear a condom, right?  Same thing.
A Los Angeles woman fed up with computer viruses and malicious worms is
using a new California law to try to force Microsoft Corp. to make its
software less vulnerable to such attacks.
In a suit filed this week in Los Angeles County Superior Court, Marcy
Hamilton makes the novel claim that the world's biggest software company
has run afoul of the new law, which requires businesses to warn
customers when the firms believe personal information has been exposed
to hackers or other unauthorized individuals.

@_date: 2003-10-03 22:41:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: U FLA castrates students, turns them into consumers 
Here, its not NAT turning people into consumers (cf Walker's Speak
Freely rant),
but a no-server policy which seems to be too broadly implemented --legit
uses are also blocked.
Maybe time for UDP protocols, or TCP-to-UDP proxies.  Over DNS ports :-)
When SYNs are outlawed, only outlaws will SYN.
There are some legitimate uses that are stifled as a price for reducing
illegitimate uses," said John Vaughn, executive vice president of the
Association for American Universities
One student who asked not to be named said he was upset that he can no
longer play LAN games with friends on his floor. Last year, he would
regularly joust with 15 others, but the school restricts using a
computer as a server, so he's given up the activity.

@_date: 2003-10-11 04:14:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Nuking USG: not just for cypherpunks anymore 
'If I could just get a nuclear device inside Foggy Bottom, I think
that's the answer'," he said.
--Pat Robertson, republican presidential candidate

@_date: 2003-10-13 18:08:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: clicking on ads = funding terrorists 
Excerpted from politech.  Consider the 1st Amend implications,
and how clicking on a banner ad (which automatically would
pay the source site) makes you a terrorist supporter.  Got assets?
4 Jewish Web sites deemed 'terrorist'
By Jerry Seper
THE WASHINGTON TIMES
Four Internet Web sites operated by two extremist Jewish groups have
included by the State Department on its list of "foreign terrorist
organizations"  the first time the list has been extended to include
Internet sites.
     The four Web sites are:  and  the department said in a notice in the Federal
Register. They offer news, commentary and links to other sites of
interest to
followers of Meir Kahane.
The impact of the listing was not immediately clear, since all four
exist in cyberspace.
The designation makes it illegal for persons in the United States to
money or other material support to the Web sites. The three accessible
yesterday included information on where contributions could be sent,
items could be donated and offered a number items for sale, including
pendants and books.

@_date: 2003-10-23 19:06:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: C3 Nehemia C5P with better hardware RNG and AES support 
Yes, because CPUs couldn't/can't keep up with SSL's DH modexp at
*commercial server*  rates.   For lower rates, eg initiating a secure
phone call, or the client-side of SSL, you can tolerate the delay of
using a CPU.  You only dedicate hardware if you need to do
something a lot, and fast.  Could be polygons on a gaming video
board, mbuff operations in a network processor [1], or modexp
on an SSL enhancer.
[1] look into Intel's IXA processors.  They have hardware support
for everything you do in IP stack processing.  Amazing.  Later versions
also include linerate AES.  For large values of "linerate".

@_date: 2003-10-23 18:50:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: C3 Nehemia C5P with better hardware RNG and AES support 
Lucky, the VIA chip is for SOHO not servers.   Therefore modexp is
not a bottleneck, its a "one time" cost well performed by the
x86 in a few hundred msec.  On the other hand, the AES hardware could
a substantial relief for the CPU for VPN apps, despite its relative
ease in software compared to DES.
Remember that the modexp cores out there are generally intended
for "high end" apps like commercial-server cards.  Though their gate
count isn't too bad, they tend to require a large number of RAM
controllers and embedded RAM for the operands.  If you've got
a good fraction of a second to spend, and have a general purpose
CPU, you don't need hardware acceleration for modexp.
As I wrote previously, I'd expect to see better integrated peripheral
support (eg integrated ether or two) before I saw modexp support.
"The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to
 -Robert R. Coveyou ORNL mathematician

@_date: 2003-10-16 16:47:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: C3 Nehemia C5P with better hardware RNG and AES support 
Which is unlikely to be used, at it would be incompatible with
everything else.
The "customizability" is likely a flexibility they built for their own
(debug, architectural)
reasons and decided to expose to users.
What they need is a USB or Ethernet interface to catch up to others.
However the
attraction of a relatively fast x86 (vs say a 100 Mhz MIPS or ARM) might
offset this
lack of integration for some designs.
Am surprised not to see a little DES core stuffed into the spare space
on the die, but
kinda nostalgically pleased to see DES's EOL.  RIP.
I found the following lexical rule mildly amusing, because I have seen
the same thing
added to military docs to make them politically correct (he -> he or
without editing the whole damn thing.
"NOTE: Throughout this document, a reference to encryption generally
means both encryption and

@_date: 2003-10-23 18:59:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Palladium/TCPA/NGSCB 
You could be talking about biology as well.
Any system which hides code from reverse engineering will
A virus that contains "friendly" IFF codes can evade an immune system.
Some cloak themselves in membranes derived from cells they were born in.
Thus they present the right IFF response.
A virus that appears to Palladium to be friendly and worthy of the full
-the right hashes, etc- will be a fun thing.
Some virii are innocuous except when they pick up a piece of virulence
code.  Then they kill.  IIRC anthrax is like this, some of the streps.
One can imagine writing a virus which is in fact merely a bit of
virulence code taken in by an other innocuous but replicating program.
Its common in biolabs to cross a hard-to-grow nasty with an easy-to-grow
labbug so you can study the nasty.  Sometimes, the result is dangerous.
the synthetic mousepox which killed the mice.
And virii that infect the immune system can be fun too --imagine a virus
infecting your antiviral program.  HIV for Windows.

@_date: 2003-10-26 02:06:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "If you didn't pay for it, you've stolen it!" [reply to 
IANAL so I'm not actually sure about duping DVDs to tapes.  But you
do it, trivially, regardless of the evil digital gremlins, which makes
the point about the
Analog Hole.
And of course, if you rip to an MP3, that is the last ADC your content
need ever see.
Game over, Valenti.  Get a real job.
"all the normalities of the social contract are abandoned in war"
Jack Valenti MPAA pres, in LATimes on Kerry's war crimes

@_date: 2003-10-25 07:18:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "If you didn't pay for it, you've stolen it!" 
[Chronic readers can skip this..]
Yes it is the case.  But many of us regard State force as a *very*
different thing
than a property owner's whims.  So the State can censor, but an
merely doesn't want your bumper sticker on his car.  Individuals *can't*
censor in the 1st amend sense.  (Similarly with compelled speech.)
The State *must* treat everyone the same, but private entities are not
similarly bound.
The State must permit citizens to bear arms, but in
my saloon you leave them at the door, or don't enter.  Simple.
Entering my saloon is a private transaction.
1. Tech point: Any passive media for human consumption can NOT be
by gremlins.  ADCs handle that.  The "analog hole".
Active content (eg programs) can be though.
2. Many of us do worry about eroding conventional rights by these same
gremlins, *when they are supported by wrong law*.
E.g., I have a right in the US to lend a book.  A digital book
could make doing so a pain, but not impossible.  And again, I (as
have *no* right to compel the publisher to use a large font (if I've got
bad eyes) or make it easy to xerox.  Or backup or lend or sell.
Now, if it is simply some publisher's whim to release content protected
by gremlins, that's their decision.  *What gets our goat* is when the
uses its force eg  to make tinkering with our property illegal.
You'll need to understand that difference around here.  Many of us
(unlike many working for the State) still respect private property,
and *mutually consensual* transactions.
If you want to publish a book on paper that
prevents its xeroxing, that's fine.  Might be annoying, but its
within your rights.  But when the State says that say
scanners or image processing or figuring out how the book
is bound is illegal (DMCA), well...
A gremlin is a nuisance, a gremlin backed by the state.. indicates
that someone "needs killing", and its not the gremlin.
Again, you can publish in fonts that don't photocopy.
Its your right.  And its my right to try to get around that, to exercise
my right eg to fair use.  But it is immoral and unconstitutional for the
State to interfere with *either* of us -publisher or reader.
Because we're both choosing to enter a mutually consensual transaction,
the State has no grounds to interfere.  That's basically what freedom
is about.  It doesn't even matter if the transaction is harmful to one
or both of us; masochism (pharmaceuticals, N-ary sex between
arbitrary conspecifics, etc) should be legal.  Life liberty and the
pursuit of whatever.
Some of these journals have announced that
So?  And other journals are free to everyone.  (Is that unfair
competition?  No)  Its up to the journal, their contributors,
their readers.
Some of the
Nice pun.  But librarians are merely acting in accordance with contracts
they chose to sign.  No one put a gun to their heads; only the State
does that.
I've bought some helically grooved vinyl disks.  This also gives me a
to play their content, or make a Wimshurst generator from them, or go
skeet shooting with them.
Should the vinyl object warp, I retain that license.  Should I
download an MP3 of the same content (which may have been derived
from diffraction-grating polycarbonate disks), this is no different than
a tape for my car.  It is not copyright infringement.
If I lend, or sell, my disks, I also transfer that license for the
duration of the
transfer.  Now forget that the content happens to be embedded in a slab
of plastic.
Bingo!  Librarians have the same rights as the rest of us mortals.
Similarly, it doesn't matter if 1 or 1e6 read my blog, we are
all reporters, and better recognized salaried reporters have no
special rights.
Not a leap.  Equal under the law.
Its looking particularly grim because the Congressvermin are 0wn3d.
That doesn't change the principles.  Just makes us yearn for regime
We are all  reporters, we are all book sellers. We are all first class
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-10-24 16:43:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "If you didn't pay for it, you've stolen it!" 
usage, so
but it
Yes but it needn't be online constantly.
What *is* a library?
1. A library is legal.  A library needn't be licensed by any state
2. Thus, I can declare my computer a library.  The only requirement is
I own a license to what I lend, and that only 1 user exercise that
at a time.  That is what a library is.
3. Among library-users, we contractually require that "borrowed"
be not used after the "return" date.  Since bits are bits, "borrowing"
is "copying"
and "returning" is simply not exercising the bits.  When something is
being used no one
else can use the same.  We use our library-patron-contract to implement
meatspace does with objects --usable at one place at one time.
4. We could implement this by merely keeping a flag for each file in our
denoting that the file is borrowed.  We would be obligated not to
relend it until after the return date; the library patron would be
similarly obligated
not to use it afterwards (without checking it out again).
5. We do *not* need to be constantly online for this, any more than a
library needs to be
open 24 hours a day.  We *do* need a shared timebase and good IDs for
A legal assault on this mechanism is an assault on bricks and mortar
ie the right to lend a book to an associate.  Even if that associate
xeroxes the book
without our knowing it.
Perhaps these features could be added to KaZaa.   (Simply: when a file
is uploaded
from your disk, you move it from shared to not shared directory for a
day.  You also
have some lameass clickthrough library-patron contract.)
Gentlemen, start your lawyers.
Talk softly and carry a big lawyer.  ---Hunter S Roosevelt

@_date: 2003-10-27 01:45:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "If you use encryption, you help the terrorists win" 
Nicodemo Scarfo.  He used his Dad's federal-prison ID number,
but the Feds couldn't guess that, so they blackbagged his
computer with a dongle.
I don't know who was lamer.
It *is* a parable for our community; they could also have used
There was also, later, some dude who keyboard-bugged Kinkos
and got caught.  Another sermon from the mount.
What *is* your threat model?

@_date: 2003-10-27 01:45:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "If you use encryption, you help the terrorists win" 
Nicodemo Scarfo.  He used his Dad's federal-prison ID number,
but the Feds couldn't guess that, so they blackbagged his
computer with a dongle.
I don't know who was lamer.
It *is* a parable for our community; they could also have used
There was also, later, some dude who keyboard-bugged Kinkos
and got caught.  Another sermon from the mount.
What *is* your threat model?

@_date: 2003-10-26 02:13:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "If you use encryption, you help the terrorists win" [Reply 
1. Well there's always Silk and Cyanide.  Ie OTP.
2. Big Bro does not marshall all the atoms in the observable universe.
Joe Sixpack of that.  Joe isn't as paranoid as some of us, who worry
quantum engines sorting through our precious prime bodily fluids.  *Do*
Joe about such mundancities as key management, coercion of confederates,
bugs, how crypto is all economics, etc.
An RPG a day keeps the colonialists away.  Or at least, losing in the
PS: extra points for someone who finds a good expansion of S.L.O.G.
Or who finds Condosleeza Rice's secret lesbian sex tape.  (I have
against secrecy, or lesbians, of course)

@_date: 2003-10-24 23:16:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "If you use encryption, you help the terrorists win" 
Yes, but who makes their equiptment?  How do you say backdoor in Arabic?
Those 5% get a special visit from the Colonial Eye for the Arabic Guy,
(a Fox production) where they get to wear a nifty black hood
by a spiffy nylon bracelet for both hands.  And then they get some
counseling from the friendly boys from interrogation.  Its amazing how
a cell phone will go up a rectum when you really want an answer...
What they need is good stego.

@_date: 2003-10-24 23:16:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "If you use encryption, you help the terrorists win" 
Yes, but who makes their equiptment?  How do you say backdoor in Arabic?
Those 5% get a special visit from the Colonial Eye for the Arabic Guy,
(a Fox production) where they get to wear a nifty black hood
by a spiffy nylon bracelet for both hands.  And then they get some
counseling from the friendly boys from interrogation.  Its amazing how
a cell phone will go up a rectum when you really want an answer...
What they need is good stego.

@_date: 2003-10-27 16:56:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: NSA Turns To Commercial Software For Encryption 
choose ONE ?
1. Silly Elloi, you can only use DH when both parties are online.
And of course RSA and DH have similar failure modes -ie factoring.
ECC may have similar failure modes with RSA/DH, I'm not sufficiently
A chain of different kinds of padlocks might look strong but they all
dissolve in aqua regia.
That's an interesting explanation I hadn't considered in my previous
post.  (Sort of
like putting a stone facade on that new iron bridge because some folks
trust the newfangled iron bridges.)  However using such keys are a heavy
cost for PSYOPs.

@_date: 2003-10-27 16:50:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: NSA Turns To Commercial Software For Encryption 
In meatspace engineering of life-critical systems, you might design for
a few times more than you need
under worst-case conditions.  Eg, on a bridge: high winds, heavy trucks
densely spaced, poor maintenance,
poor materials.  Remember that bridges fall down when you do something
new, like use
steel.  Or nowadays: planes fall out of the sky because you don't know
how composites
The NSA might be hedging against future algorithmic improvements.  If
tomorrow you could
factor numbers (or the ECC equivalent) with twice the number of bits,
will your spies die?
Cf. East German Stasi files, and some south-american files being

@_date: 2003-10-31 18:10:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Chaumian blinding & public voting? 
Is is possible to use blinding (or other protocols) so that all votes
are published, you can check that your vote is in there, and you
(or anyone) can run the maths and verify the vote?   Without being
able to link people to votes without their consent.
Currently voting is trusted because political adversaries supervise the
Previously the mechanics were, well, mechanical, ie, open for
The current genre of voting machines.. well, you know the scam.
And still reliant on a few adversarial human monitors.
Something like this:
The day after elections a list of hex codes -votes- are published.  You
can find
 in that list the code that you received (on paper) when you voted, to
that your vote counted.
You can run an algorithm on any subset of codes, including just
your own, and learn which candidate that code corresponds to.
Everyone can run on the entire dataset, verifying the tally.
You don't have to divulge which code is yours if you want it
to remain secret.  Perhaps the code could contain not only
the intended vote, but a unique voter ID so that hexcodes could
not be added to the dataset (cf dead people not allowed to vote except
in Chicago) without setting off alarms.
Perhaps anyone could verify that someone voted, or not, but could
not figure who they voted for without their cooperation.
Apologies if I should know this, I haven't gotten my head around
all the M of N, blinding, database translucency, etc protocols.

@_date: 2003-11-30 18:26:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Chaum's hand? 
Take a look at
and tell me his hand isn't photoshopped.  Is this
for security reasons, or is his hand malformed?

@_date: 2003-11-29 20:26:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: US spying, directv, shades of global crossing 
The parent company of DirecTV, the home satellite service, has promised
several federal agencies that it can address concerns about foreign
ownership of sensitive U.S. communications systems if it wins approval
of its proposed merger with Australian-controlled News Corp.
But the merger also has drawn the scrutiny of the Department of Homeland
Security, the FBI and Justice Department divisions in addition to the
antitrust department. The deal would bring DirecTV's five satellites and
sophisticated communications system under the control of a company based
outside the United States.
Chief among the U.S. concerns is that a foreign-owned satellite system
and communications system could be used for illegal surveillance on U.S.
citizens and facilities, according to documents passed this week among
Hughes, News Corp. and the federal government.
"As the [FCC] is aware, the DOJ, FBI and DHS have taken the position
that their ability to satisfy their obligations to protect the national
security, to enforce the laws, and to preserve the safety of the public
could be significantly impaired by transactions in which foreign
entities will own or operate a part of the U.S. communications system,
or in which foreign-located facilities will be used to provide domestic
communications services to U.S. customers," read a letter filed at the
FCC by the three law enforcement agencies last week.
The Committee for Foreign Investment in the United States, a group made
up of executive departments and representatives from the State, Defense,
Treasury and Commerce departments, typically reviews transactions
involving foreign ownership of businesses that serve the United States.
In September, for instance, the committee approved the reorganization
plan for Global Crossing, a telecommunications company being acquired
out of bankruptcy by a Singapore-based firm. .

@_date: 2003-11-27 20:10:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: C3 Nehemia C5P with better hardware RNG and AES support 
No kidding.  With any crypto-quality hash, I can produce statistically
perfectly uniformly distributed
pseudorandom data from *successive integers*.
The von neumann whitener does let
Johnny's whitener removes a particular kind of bias but does not reduce
kinds of regularity at all.
Whitening don't mean squat for entropy.  (Perhaps you can think of it as
spread-spectrum for regularity, if the whitener isn't crypto-secure.)
Dataset size is irrelevent except for detectability,
you need more samples to be sure that nuances you see are there.
You MUST use some "hardware" (analog) input, and you SHOULD
use whitening on the output, and most probably should do other
operations in between
(mixing partially unbiassed but imperfect input with a pool, for

@_date: 2003-11-24 01:43:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Toronto man charged with wardriving, possession of child 
Woods (7167)
one way
investigated and
on an
Interesting cultural differences.  In some locales (eg New Hampshire)
is legal, much like walking on land that isn't posted.  Driving while
naked is not,
AFAIK, an offense under the CA DMV laws, although driving the wrong
is.  And in other locales (various US states) young girls (eg 14) having
sex with older men is
legal if they have a state license, and consensual filming and
publishing of that would be legal.
Only driving the wrong way harms others, ie is truly a crime, assuming
that sexual activities are consensual.
And of course mere *bits* don't hurt anyone.
In some locales (eg under islamic law) mere images of humans are
BTW, isn't it a bit chilly in Ontario to be driving half-dressed?  Must
have had the heater on.
The Taliban: A Faith-Based Organization

@_date: 2003-11-20 23:35:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: can you hear me now? 
"The ultimate in paranoia is not when everyone is against you but when
everything is against you." ---PKD
An appeals court this week put the brakes on an FBI surveillance
technique that turns an automobile driver's on-board vehicle navigation
system into a covert eavesdropping device, after finding that the spying
effectively disables the system's emergency and roadside assistance
...in which agents obtained a court order compelling a telematics
company to secretly activate the stolen vehicle recovery feature in a
customer's car. The feature, designed to listen-in on car thieves as
they cruise around in a stolen auto, turns on a dashboard microphone and
pipes conversations out over a cellphone connection -- normally to the
company's response center, but in this case to an FBI listening post.

@_date: 2003-11-20 16:52:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: israeli torture center reason for no satellite pix? 
The US has restrictions on even commercial satellite photos of Israel.
might indicate why --the torture center is airbrushed out of other pix.
The price of empire is death.

@_date: 2003-11-20 01:25:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: secure cellphones go commericial, part II 
Yes, from /.
New Cellphone Offers Big Shots Eavesdrop-Proof Call
Tue Nov 18,10:23 AM ET  Add Technology - Reuters to My Yahoo!
By Lucas van Grinsven, European Technology Correspondent
AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A German company launched a new mobile handset on
Tuesday targeted at business executives that secures lines are free from
eavesdroppers, sparking criticism that it could also make criminals
harder to catch.
Missed Tech Tuesday?
Find the perfect tricked-out cell phone, plus best hybrid phones and
great phone games.
Berlin-based Cryptophone, a unit of privately held GSMK, developed the
phone by inserting an encryption software inside a standard handheld
computer phone. This ensures that calls can only be decoded by a similar
handset or a computer running the software.
But the phone is seen as a mixed blessing in some European countries.
While the benefits for business managers exchanging sensitive
information are obvious, such a device could potentially have the side
effect of helping criminals.
Security specialists in the Netherlands said the device could threaten
criminal investigation by the Dutch police, which is one of the world's
most active phone tappers, listening in to 12,000 phone numbers every
But privacy lobbyists say the new handset is a "freedomphone" much more
than a "terrorphone."
"It's a tremendous step forward, because the level of surveillance by
authorities is breathtaking," said Simon Davies, director of Privacy
International in Britain. Cryptophone says unlike rivals such as
Sweden's Sectra, Swiss Crypto AG and Germany's Rohde & Schwarz, it has
no ties to national security and defense organizations and that there is
no back door for government agencies.
"We allow everyone to check the security for themselves, because we're
the only ones who publish the source code," said Rop Gonggrijp at
Amsterdam-based NAH6. Gonggrijp, who helped develop the software, owns a
stake in Germany's GSMK.

@_date: 2003-11-18 05:06:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: crypto, surveillance, RF for uk bush burners 
Protest Is in the Airwaves on Eve of Bush UK Visit
Mon Nov 17,10:46 AM ET
By Bernhard Warner, European Internet Correspondent
LONDON (Reuters) - With President Bush (news - web sites) due to touch
down on British soil Tuesday, Internet message boards, mobile phones and
pagers are buzzing with the sounds of protest, and police are scrambling
to catch every word.
Since the 1999 World Trade Organization (news - web sites) riots in
Seattle, the protester's toolkit has gone noticeably high-tech,
embracing the latest Internet and mobile technologies for everything
from selling T-shirts for the cause to coordinating mass demonstrations.
Handheld gadgets, equipped with global positioning systems and Internet
access, are being used to mobilize groups quickly and catch police on
the hop.
"What you have now is the equivalent of battlefield soldiers. That's
what the technology has created," said a London-based telecommunications
security expert who advises law enforcement units.
British police have a special task force that follows how everyday
technologies are being used to plot mass demonstrations and avoid the
long arm of the law should violence break out.
Forces across Britain are preparing for anti-Bush protests this week
which are expected to attract more than 60,000 demonstrators, by combing
protest groups' Web sites and message boards for clues on their plans.
A number of anti-war organizations, including Stop the War, have been
openly detailing their plans for rallies and demonstrations. The group's
site,  is expected to reach a one-day peak of
23,000 visitors on Monday, said John Rees, a group co-founder.
The group has a small, but growing e-commerce business, selling various
items, such as "wanted" posters of Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair
(news - web sites) for one pound ($1.69) and leaflets at 1,000 for 10
Rees said the group can reach thousands of people with a single e-mail
and via mobile phone text alerts. "With new technology, we've moved with
the times, not necessarily ahead of the times," he said.
The bigger concern for police are groups that operate underground. Some
use sophisticated encryption techniques favored by the military to
disguise the content of e-mail messages and Internet postings, the
security expert said.
But it is the sophistication of hand-held devices that have police on
the look-out.
Internet-enabled phones and gadgets are capable of sending and receiving
elaborate messages detailing meeting locations, maps and last-minute
instructions to fellow protesters in the streets.
The widespread use of picture phones is also a concern as the could be
used to capture images of the police officers.
"Some of these guys run counter-intelligence. They want to know who the
cops are. With a mobile phone that's equipped with a camera you could
start your own database of cops," he said. ($1=.5919 Pound)
An RPG a day keeps the invaders away
or at least not re-electable

@_date: 2003-11-17 14:34:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: State to take innocent kids' DNA 
FBI may collect juveniles' DNA
By Richard Willing, USA TODAY
WASHINGTON  DNA profiles from hundreds of thousands of juvenile
offenders and adults arrested but not convicted of crimes could be added
to the FBI's national DNA crime-fighting program under a proposed law
moving through Congress.
The law, if enacted, would be the greatest single expansion of the
federal government's power to collect and use DNA since the FBI's
national database was created in 1992. The FBI says its national DNA
database holds genetic profiles from about 1.4 million adults convicted
of state and federal crimes.
Let right be done, though the blackhawks should fall

@_date: 2003-11-17 14:24:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Pellicano: encrypted files, wiretaps, pacbell on the take 
Pellicano Taking His Secrets With Him to Federal Prison
 Private investigator refuses to cooperate in FBI probe of alleged
illegal wiretapping
Federal agents searched Pellicano's offices three times and seized 36
electronic devices, including computer hard drives and storage drives of
encrypted files, according to court documents.
Law enforcement sources allege that the computers contained detailed
bookkeeping records, wiretapping software and encrypted files of tapped
phone conversation transcripts.
Officials have notified two men that they are subjects of the
wiretapping probe: Bert Fields, one of Hollywood's most prominent
attorneys who employed Pellicano on a number of cases; and Ray Turner, a
former Pacific Bell employee.

@_date: 2003-11-16 05:30:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses [BUGS] John Young 
in is
At some point one of the agents had to use the bathroom, I'll bet, so
that JY
didn't observe them both.  Nice opportunity to bug the place,
just in case things are spoken of at home which don't make the
Perhaps you can't intimidate JY, but if you get something
on one of his relatives, game over.
"all the normalities of the social contract are abandoned in war"
Jack Valenti MPAA pres, in LATimes on Kerry's war crimes

@_date: 2003-11-13 16:20:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Clipper for luggage 
Fwded for your comic relief:
 From the New York Times. Any guesses on how long it'll take before your
local hacker will have a key which will open any piece of your luggage?
  - Tim
A Baggage Lock for You and the Federal Screeners
By JOE SHARKEY
Published: November 11, 2003
AIRLINE passengers will be able to lock checked bags confidently again
starting tomorrow, thanks to a new customer-service initiative between
private enterprise and the Transportation Security Administration.
Here's how the plan will work: Several major luggage and lock retailers
the United States will announce tomorrow the availability of new locks,
made by various manufacturers, that T.S.A. inspectors will be able to
readily identify and open on checked bags selected for hand searches at
T.S.A. screeners in airports around the country have already been
in using secure procedures to open the new certified locks when
and relock them after inspecting bags.
"Literally since we began the process of screening every checked bag for
explosives in December, one of the challenges has been the ability to
into bags without doing damage to them," said Brian Turmail, a spokesman
for the T.S.A.
The system, developed in cooperation with the T.S.A. and the Travel
Association, a trade group, was designed around "a common set of
that any company that manufactures, or is interested in manufacturing,
luggage or luggage locks could follow that would allow T.S.A. screeners
open the bag without doing damage to the bag, in a manner that would
the bag to stay secured afterwards,'' Mr. Turmail said. "In other words,
can open it, but no one else can."
The locks will be available in various manufacturers' designs. All will
geared around a uniform technology allowing them to be opened by T.S.A.
inspectors using a combination of secure codes and special tools,
to John W. Vermilye, a former airline baggage-systems executive who
developed the system through Travel Sentry, a company he set up for that
All the locks will carry a red diamond-shaped logo to certify to
that they meet the Travel Sentry standards. Mr. Vermilye said his
would receive royalties from manufacturers.
The system will ensure that passengers using the locks will not have to
worry about a lock being broken or a locked bag being damaged if it is
selected for hand inspection. It will also mean more peace of mind for
passengers worried about reports of increased pilferage from unlocked
"The general feeling of airline passengers is, 'I don't like to have to
keep my bags unlocked,' " added Mr. Vermilye, who once worked as a
handler. "As somebody in the business for 30 years, I don't like it
because I know what goes on" in some baggage-handling areas, he said.
An industry study showed that 90 percent of air travelers are now
checked bags unlocked, whereas before this year about 66 percent of them
said they always locked their bags.
"I travel all the time, and I always used to lock my bags" until this
said Michael F. Anthony, the chairman and chief executive of Brookstone,
specialty retailer with 266 shops, including 30 in airports. Besides the
worry about theft within the airline baggage-handling systems, Mr.
said he was concerned on business trips about unlocked bags in the hands
cab and airport shuttle drivers, bellhops and others.
Brookstone airport shops are planning to introduce the chain's own brand
new locks with in-store promotions tomorrow, Mr. Anthony said. A package
two four-digit Brookstone combination locks costs $20. Luggage and other
accessories with the lock standards incorporated also will begin moving
soon onto shelves at Brookstone and other retailers.
Mr. Anthony said that the locks represented a needed air-travel
customer-service breakthrough, "helping people reclaim a sense of
they had in the past" with their checked possessions.
The T.S.A. mandated screening of all checked bags starting last Dec. 31.
Since then, most of the estimated 1.5 million bags checked daily in
domestic airports have been inspected by bomb-detecting machinery - but
about 10 percent of checked bags are opened and inspected by hand.
Initially, the T.S.A. planned to issue a blanket prohibition against
locking bags, but the agency ultimately decided instead to merely
that passengers not lock them. The T.S.A. public directive on the
says: "In some cases screeners will have to open your baggage as part of
the screening process. If your bag is unlocked, then T.S.A. will simply
open the bag and screen the bag. However, if the bag is locked and
needs to open your bag, then locks may have to be broken. You may keep
bag locked if you choose, but T.S.A. is not liable for damage caused to
locked bags that must be opened.''
With bags unlocked, many travelers, including business travelers who
expensive electronic gear, worried that their checked possessions were
too vulnerable to theft, passing unlocked through T.S.A. hands and into
standard airline baggage-handling systems. Reports of pilferage rose
year, as did concern about who was legally responsible for claims of
or damage, since both government and airline employees have custody of
at various points.
Mr. Vermilye is a former head of baggage operations for Eastern Airlines
who later worked as a top executive of the International Air Transport
Association, a trade group for airlines worldwide. After 9/11, he was
of a team of industry consultants working with the T.S.A. to improve
customer service.
Mr. Vermilye and Mr. Turmail at the T.S.A. agreed that the new system
probably make the screening chore easier for inspectors. "With this
they know they don't have to break a lock or damage a bag. They go,
I know I can open it.' It ceases to become an issue," Mr. Vermilye said.

@_date: 2003-11-02 20:06:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Spelling corrections are now export-controlled 
1. You might try "empirical gnostic" when dealing with lawyer types.
2. There's also the Church of Strong Cryptography.  Its kind of
uptight though, it has sins, even mental sins, like considering
methods of producing random digits.
3. Always remember that the 14th restricts not only Congress but
State and local vermin.  And everything they give money to.

@_date: 2003-11-01 23:35:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Chaumian blinding & public voting? 
First, much thanks to  Howie Goodell for his reply.
 (Note that printing stuff on transparencies was proposed
(by Shamir?) some time ago, perhaps for quorum-required info.)
Yeah, so?  I've voted from home for a decade.  Nothing stops me from
showing Vinny (Vinny the votebuyer, he's Eve's cousin on Mallory's side)
my ballot before I mail it.  Or registering my cat to vote.  They are
and detectable, that suffices.  [Note to furriners: in the US you don't
"ID" to register or to vote, just a signature, and for that an X
Although I *do* agree with you --resistance to votebuying is a desirable
if you can have it.  (Insert cellphone-with-camera-in-voting-booth
discussion here.)
(And yes, voting at home is succeptible to spousal coercion.  Better
than queueing
up with the sheeple!  Which is also a form of *meteorological* coercion,
don't go out in crappy weather.  Also snipers and bombs, in places with
that kind
of weather, will deter centralized voting.)
print the
That's a good idea.   I don't think Chaum's transparency-printing scheme
does this.
Its also possible to write-in candidates for elections you don't care
as "tracers" to make sure your ballot (albeit not other votes in the
bundle) made it.  I voted for Monica Lewinsky a few times that way.
Too expensive.
Well, lotteries are evil in my book, but they certainly do inspire the
innumerate sheeple.
I doubt it would work unless the "prizes" were huge --I only get DoS'ed
by queues at 7-11s
when the prizes orders of magnitude larger than 1e6.
Have a hollywood actor run.  Or have recalls every year.  Worked in
On the other hand, perhaps it should be made harder to vote.  Democracy
is mob rule, after all.  Testing citizens on the Bill of Rights would be
a good start.

@_date: 2003-11-02 09:47:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Spelling corrections are now export-controlled 
if 10%
It would facilitate the blacklisting and later roundup.  And hmm, where
do academics get their $ from?  Any questions?
Imagine McCarthy with computers.  McCarthy on a paranoid speed binge,
with computers.
Or don't imagine, just visit DC.
Hmm, if it didn't cause problems for the list maintainers I'd post some
technical queries
from a spoofed address from an axis of whatever nation.  Then again,
maybe I'm from
an axis country spoofing the US, and you're all as fucked as a Chinook
with a SAM
locking onto its tail :-)
Of course there are limits in regards to freedom of speech.  They are as
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and
petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
Everything else is, of course, allowed.  -Sunder

@_date: 2003-11-07 05:38:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [s-t] needle in haystack digest #3 (fwd from 
And rad-hard circuits for their buddies at the NRO.
And 2 mics is fine for certain esoteric processes.  Got GaAs?
That's done on 6" wafers.  Of import to those who like listening to the
But if you want a suitcase DESCracker (stuffing Sun chassis
is so passe, though it was a fine recycling program and probably
emptied some space in JG's garage :-) you use 90 nm FPGAs.
NSA folks probably wear GSM and WEP crackers as cufflinks.
Maybe they have competitions to see who can program those
crackers on their kids' gameboys.

@_date: 2003-11-06 21:57:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [s-t] needle in haystack digest #3 (fwd from 
The focus on Thomspon-trojaned tools and Chipworks-style reverse
engineering is silly.
There are plenty of folks who need green cards,
or whose relatives do, who have modify access to the CVS of the RTL
for a chip.  That is the best way to add unauthorized "features"
--through a technically
competent insider.
Since the features are not in the spec, they won't be tested for.  Sure,
you might have to
do some work after the chips are fielded --getting the trojaned system
to process
a certain string, wiretapping its response-- but the payoff can be huge.

@_date: 2003-11-08 04:06:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Panther's FileVault can damage data 
I thought that was half the point of Apple ---you play only with us, and
we make
sure it all runs smoothly.  (The other half being a once-superior UI).
But you pay.
If you want cheaper hardware that you have to wrestle with, you get a
Isn't that why Fry's has a return policy?
A policy is a set of tradeoffs.   Free people choose what they want.

@_date: 2003-11-10 22:46:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Disguising the Key length (Was...Has a change taken place 
of an
Its not secret.  But lets look at twiddling what the message header
Suppose you relabel a 2Kbit key as a 1Kbit.  Then what are the extra
bits for,
Eve will wonder.
Suppose you claim a 1Kbit RSA key is 2Kbits.
Now, the math works if you treat a 1Kbit key as 2Kbit.  But the
decrypt won't work unless the recipient modifies
the header to specify 1Kbit to ignore the fake extra key bits.  Which
requires a secure OOB channel, see below.
"How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat? "
Lets think about DES, which also has a publicly-visible keylength.
If you've run through *all* the 56 bit keys, and found
no solution, you know that either DES wasn't the algorithm (perhaps
3DES was, perhaps DES-X, perhaps Blowfish, AES, Skipjack, etc.
You need to reconfigure your FPGAs for each algorithm.)  And if you
run through all the keys, it could always be the *last* key you try.
So although given *large sets of messages* you can say that 99% would
have been cracked "by now", this kind of stats isn't really useful.
"Close" is for hand grenades, horseshoes, and proximity fuzes; there is
no "close" in crypto.
That would cause the decrypting code to truncate significant digits
which would not permit decryption.  Suppose you did this and the
fixed the length so it would work.  This wouldn't matter: Eve would
wonder what
all those extra random bits are for.
A better approach *might* be to lie about the symmetric encryption
used.  Encrypt with AES-256, use RSA on that 256 bit key, but modify
the message to claim you've used AES-128 or 3DES.
However, this requires a secure out of band channel to communicate this
your recipient.  And if you have such a channel, you may as well give
a nonstandard S-box initialization (eg "e times your SSN number" vs.
"pi" in Blowfish) or a OTP.
A SAM a day keeps the invaders away.

@_date: 2003-11-15 15:31:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Jews Go Nuclear 
You put nukes in subs to avoid getting them blown up
esp. by a first strike.
So whoever nukes Israel had best do so without a
piece of real estate associated with it, because the sub
nukes will persist.  Even if the ground-based intel
the subs might have relied on for targeting is smoking slag.
The problem of real estate:
Look what happened to the Afghans who gave ClintonBush
a place to target.
Yet another advantage to being a unlocalized organization.
Or working out of an untouchable like Saudi arabia.

@_date: 2003-11-15 15:31:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Jews Go Nuclear 
You put nukes in subs to avoid getting them blown up
esp. by a first strike.
So whoever nukes Israel had best do so without a
piece of real estate associated with it, because the sub
nukes will persist.  Even if the ground-based intel
the subs might have relied on for targeting is smoking slag.
The problem of real estate:
Look what happened to the Afghans who gave ClintonBush
a place to target.
Yet another advantage to being a unlocalized organization.
Or working out of an untouchable like Saudi arabia.

@_date: 2003-11-16 05:30:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Gestapo harasses [BUGS] John Young 
in is
At some point one of the agents had to use the bathroom, I'll bet, so
that JY
didn't observe them both.  Nice opportunity to bug the place,
just in case things are spoken of at home which don't make the
Perhaps you can't intimidate JY, but if you get something
on one of his relatives, game over.
"all the normalities of the social contract are abandoned in war"
Jack Valenti MPAA pres, in LATimes on Kerry's war crimes

@_date: 2003-11-17 00:24:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Partition Encryptor 
Look into Scramdisk.  It works fine.  Free, open source AFAIK.
You can store & run your tools (eg email client) from the
encrypted virtual partition easily, as well as store data.

@_date: 2003-11-17 00:24:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Partition Encryptor 
Look into Scramdisk.  It works fine.  Free, open source AFAIK.
You can store & run your tools (eg email client) from the
encrypted virtual partition easily, as well as store data.

@_date: 2003-11-17 14:24:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Pellicano: encrypted files, wiretaps, pacbell on the take 
Pellicano Taking His Secrets With Him to Federal Prison
 Private investigator refuses to cooperate in FBI probe of alleged
illegal wiretapping
Federal agents searched Pellicano's offices three times and seized 36
electronic devices, including computer hard drives and storage drives of
encrypted files, according to court documents.
Law enforcement sources allege that the computers contained detailed
bookkeeping records, wiretapping software and encrypted files of tapped
phone conversation transcripts.
Officials have notified two men that they are subjects of the
wiretapping probe: Bert Fields, one of Hollywood's most prominent
attorneys who employed Pellicano on a number of cases; and Ray Turner, a
former Pacific Bell employee.

@_date: 2003-11-17 14:34:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: State to take innocent kids' DNA 
FBI may collect juveniles' DNA
By Richard Willing, USA TODAY
WASHINGTON  DNA profiles from hundreds of thousands of juvenile
offenders and adults arrested but not convicted of crimes could be added
to the FBI's national DNA crime-fighting program under a proposed law
moving through Congress.
The law, if enacted, would be the greatest single expansion of the
federal government's power to collect and use DNA since the FBI's
national database was created in 1992. The FBI says its national DNA
database holds genetic profiles from about 1.4 million adults convicted
of state and federal crimes.
Let right be done, though the blackhawks should fall

@_date: 2003-11-18 05:06:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: crypto, surveillance, RF for uk bush burners 
Protest Is in the Airwaves on Eve of Bush UK Visit
Mon Nov 17,10:46 AM ET
By Bernhard Warner, European Internet Correspondent
LONDON (Reuters) - With President Bush (news - web sites) due to touch
down on British soil Tuesday, Internet message boards, mobile phones and
pagers are buzzing with the sounds of protest, and police are scrambling
to catch every word.
Since the 1999 World Trade Organization (news - web sites) riots in
Seattle, the protester's toolkit has gone noticeably high-tech,
embracing the latest Internet and mobile technologies for everything
from selling T-shirts for the cause to coordinating mass demonstrations.
Handheld gadgets, equipped with global positioning systems and Internet
access, are being used to mobilize groups quickly and catch police on
the hop.
"What you have now is the equivalent of battlefield soldiers. That's
what the technology has created," said a London-based telecommunications
security expert who advises law enforcement units.
British police have a special task force that follows how everyday
technologies are being used to plot mass demonstrations and avoid the
long arm of the law should violence break out.
Forces across Britain are preparing for anti-Bush protests this week
which are expected to attract more than 60,000 demonstrators, by combing
protest groups' Web sites and message boards for clues on their plans.
A number of anti-war organizations, including Stop the War, have been
openly detailing their plans for rallies and demonstrations. The group's
site,  is expected to reach a one-day peak of
23,000 visitors on Monday, said John Rees, a group co-founder.
The group has a small, but growing e-commerce business, selling various
items, such as "wanted" posters of Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair
(news - web sites) for one pound ($1.69) and leaflets at 1,000 for 10
Rees said the group can reach thousands of people with a single e-mail
and via mobile phone text alerts. "With new technology, we've moved with
the times, not necessarily ahead of the times," he said.
The bigger concern for police are groups that operate underground. Some
use sophisticated encryption techniques favored by the military to
disguise the content of e-mail messages and Internet postings, the
security expert said.
But it is the sophistication of hand-held devices that have police on
the look-out.
Internet-enabled phones and gadgets are capable of sending and receiving
elaborate messages detailing meeting locations, maps and last-minute
instructions to fellow protesters in the streets.
The widespread use of picture phones is also a concern as the could be
used to capture images of the police officers.
"Some of these guys run counter-intelligence. They want to know who the
cops are. With a mobile phone that's equipped with a camera you could
start your own database of cops," he said. ($1=.5919 Pound)
An RPG a day keeps the invaders away
or at least not re-electable

@_date: 2003-11-20 14:41:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Freedomphone 
They claim to be releasing code for PCs for free.
A practical replacement for
Since they use GSM *data* services, and since quality affects *delay* in
setup, they may be hindered by users acceptance.  However, it might also
be a reminder to the users of why they payed the kiloEuros.
Read their FAQ. They have total clue.  No one should think less of them
for trying to make a Euro at first, paid by users well able to pay the
endure the problems, and Metcalfe's law inconveniences.
That's techonomics -CD players cost a kilobuck at first, and not every
content was available.
An RPG a day keeps the invaders away.

@_date: 2003-11-20 14:41:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Freedomphone 
They claim to be releasing code for PCs for free.
A practical replacement for
Since they use GSM *data* services, and since quality affects *delay* in
setup, they may be hindered by users acceptance.  However, it might also
be a reminder to the users of why they payed the kiloEuros.
Read their FAQ. They have total clue.  No one should think less of them
for trying to make a Euro at first, paid by users well able to pay the
endure the problems, and Metcalfe's law inconveniences.
That's techonomics -CD players cost a kilobuck at first, and not every
content was available.
An RPG a day keeps the invaders away.

@_date: 2003-11-20 01:25:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: secure cellphones go commericial, part II 
Yes, from /.
New Cellphone Offers Big Shots Eavesdrop-Proof Call
Tue Nov 18,10:23 AM ET  Add Technology - Reuters to My Yahoo!
By Lucas van Grinsven, European Technology Correspondent
AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A German company launched a new mobile handset on
Tuesday targeted at business executives that secures lines are free from
eavesdroppers, sparking criticism that it could also make criminals
harder to catch.
Missed Tech Tuesday?
Find the perfect tricked-out cell phone, plus best hybrid phones and
great phone games.
Berlin-based Cryptophone, a unit of privately held GSMK, developed the
phone by inserting an encryption software inside a standard handheld
computer phone. This ensures that calls can only be decoded by a similar
handset or a computer running the software.
But the phone is seen as a mixed blessing in some European countries.
While the benefits for business managers exchanging sensitive
information are obvious, such a device could potentially have the side
effect of helping criminals.
Security specialists in the Netherlands said the device could threaten
criminal investigation by the Dutch police, which is one of the world's
most active phone tappers, listening in to 12,000 phone numbers every
But privacy lobbyists say the new handset is a "freedomphone" much more
than a "terrorphone."
"It's a tremendous step forward, because the level of surveillance by
authorities is breathtaking," said Simon Davies, director of Privacy
International in Britain. Cryptophone says unlike rivals such as
Sweden's Sectra, Swiss Crypto AG and Germany's Rohde & Schwarz, it has
no ties to national security and defense organizations and that there is
no back door for government agencies.
"We allow everyone to check the security for themselves, because we're
the only ones who publish the source code," said Rop Gonggrijp at
Amsterdam-based NAH6. Gonggrijp, who helped develop the software, owns a
stake in Germany's GSMK.

@_date: 2003-11-20 16:52:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: israeli torture center reason for no satellite pix? 
The US has restrictions on even commercial satellite photos of Israel.
might indicate why --the torture center is airbrushed out of other pix.
The price of empire is death.

@_date: 2003-11-20 23:35:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: can you hear me now? 
"The ultimate in paranoia is not when everyone is against you but when
everything is against you." ---PKD
An appeals court this week put the brakes on an FBI surveillance
technique that turns an automobile driver's on-board vehicle navigation
system into a covert eavesdropping device, after finding that the spying
effectively disables the system's emergency and roadside assistance
...in which agents obtained a court order compelling a telematics
company to secretly activate the stolen vehicle recovery feature in a
customer's car. The feature, designed to listen-in on car thieves as
they cruise around in a stolen auto, turns on a dashboard microphone and
pipes conversations out over a cellphone connection -- normally to the
company's response center, but in this case to an FBI listening post.

@_date: 2003-11-21 16:16:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: e voting 
Secretary of State Kevin Shelley is expected to announce today that as
of 2006, all electronic voting machines in California must be able to
produce a paper printout that voters can check to make sure their votes
are properly recorded.

@_date: 2003-11-21 16:16:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: e voting 
Secretary of State Kevin Shelley is expected to announce today that as
of 2006, all electronic voting machines in California must be able to
produce a paper printout that voters can check to make sure their votes
are properly recorded.

@_date: 2003-11-27 20:14:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
For some reason I don't understand, people actually drive to queue up
and vote
in a booth on a given day.  So that was the model addressed.
Personally I vote absentee, so I have plenty of time
to photoshop what I fax to Vinny.  As well as being able to submit a new
blank ballot if Vinny demands to see the original I faxed (but before
its mailed in -that
is my commit point, just like "opening the curtain" used to be on
voting machines).

@_date: 2003-11-27 20:14:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
For some reason I don't understand, people actually drive to queue up
and vote
in a booth on a given day.  So that was the model addressed.
Personally I vote absentee, so I have plenty of time
to photoshop what I fax to Vinny.  As well as being able to submit a new
blank ballot if Vinny demands to see the original I faxed (but before
its mailed in -that
is my commit point, just like "opening the curtain" used to be on
voting machines).

@_date: 2003-11-27 19:56:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
The only ones allowed to buy votes are the ones running for office.
And they are required to do it on credit.
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only
exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from
the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for
the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with
the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy
always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2003-11-27 19:46:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Ever hear of Moore's law?   How about electronic image stabilization?
Piezo gyros optional.
Don't you think the cellphone folks will do the more-pixels-game, trying
add features that distinguish their model from the nearly identical
other models?
There are plans to put a couple of cameras in autos, to check where the
is looking at, wakefulness, etc.  All by 2010.   (Src: EETimes)
And you thought car telemetry recorders were privacy concerns.
(There are *already* dozens of microcontrollers in low end cars, a
in high-end cars.  So much for TJ Watson's "the world only needs five

@_date: 2003-11-27 19:46:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Ever hear of Moore's law?   How about electronic image stabilization?
Piezo gyros optional.
Don't you think the cellphone folks will do the more-pixels-game, trying
add features that distinguish their model from the nearly identical
other models?
There are plans to put a couple of cameras in autos, to check where the
is looking at, wakefulness, etc.  All by 2010.   (Src: EETimes)
And you thought car telemetry recorders were privacy concerns.
(There are *already* dozens of microcontrollers in low end cars, a
in high-end cars.  So much for TJ Watson's "the world only needs five

@_date: 2003-11-24 22:30:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Vinny the Votebuyer pays you if you send a picture of your
face adjacent to the committed receipt, even if you can't touch it.
Since the voting booth is private, no one can see you do this,
even if it were made illegal.  (And since phones can store images,
jamming the transmission at the booth doesn't work.)
You send your picture from the cellphone that took it, along with a
account number as a text message.
Vinny knows the vote is committed at that point.  Vinnie can bin diff
pix to assure non-duplicates, hires someone (probably offshore :-)
to verify its not a quick and dirty photoshop job, and that its a vote
for the
"right" candidate.  Further resisting photoshop, Vinny accepts pictures
only during voting hours.
Vinny has some kind of front business which could be expected to pay
lots of people in
bursts --a political polling service that reimburses interviewees would
be ideal.
On a small scale (coerce your voting age household members) its
On a medium scale (free drinks if you can show you voted for Caesar) its
easy too.
On a larger scale you might need confidentiality for the image and
traffic analysis resistance.
Maybe anon cash.
Fundamentally, its just like the analog hole for DRM ---you can't show a
human a commit
message without the human being able to reproduce it for others.
The booths could cycle through fake commit messages for all possible
so that you could take a picture of yourself with a bogus commit
message, vote
as you will, and still collect.   That might be confusing but is a
NB: Collect = avoid retribution.

@_date: 2003-11-24 22:30:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Vinny the Votebuyer pays you if you send a picture of your
face adjacent to the committed receipt, even if you can't touch it.
Since the voting booth is private, no one can see you do this,
even if it were made illegal.  (And since phones can store images,
jamming the transmission at the booth doesn't work.)
You send your picture from the cellphone that took it, along with a
account number as a text message.
Vinny knows the vote is committed at that point.  Vinnie can bin diff
pix to assure non-duplicates, hires someone (probably offshore :-)
to verify its not a quick and dirty photoshop job, and that its a vote
for the
"right" candidate.  Further resisting photoshop, Vinny accepts pictures
only during voting hours.
Vinny has some kind of front business which could be expected to pay
lots of people in
bursts --a political polling service that reimburses interviewees would
be ideal.
On a small scale (coerce your voting age household members) its
On a medium scale (free drinks if you can show you voted for Caesar) its
easy too.
On a larger scale you might need confidentiality for the image and
traffic analysis resistance.
Maybe anon cash.
Fundamentally, its just like the analog hole for DRM ---you can't show a
human a commit
message without the human being able to reproduce it for others.
The booths could cycle through fake commit messages for all possible
so that you could take a picture of yourself with a bogus commit
message, vote
as you will, and still collect.   That might be confusing but is a
NB: Collect = avoid retribution.

@_date: 2003-11-29 19:22:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Now how they do that ? 
based IM
Conventionally, only the NIC's MAC is supposed to be unique.  Nowadays
there are other IDs including disk-drive serial numbers, motherboard
SNs, OS SN's, etc.  None of these are supposed to be sent upstream,
and the NIC MAC ends at the first router.  And of course doens't exist
Krastof used a modem.  So yeah, a "phone home" app sounds likely ---even
an *unintentional* one, like one that automatically checks a "home
server" for
updates, corporate news, etc.  Then you merely snag the IP, find it
comes from
AOL (rather than your internal network) who looks up who occupied that
at that time.  Krastof probably used his meatspace info, subpeona,
no-knock, game over.

@_date: 2003-11-29 19:22:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Now how they do that ? 
based IM
Conventionally, only the NIC's MAC is supposed to be unique.  Nowadays
there are other IDs including disk-drive serial numbers, motherboard
SNs, OS SN's, etc.  None of these are supposed to be sent upstream,
and the NIC MAC ends at the first router.  And of course doens't exist
Krastof used a modem.  So yeah, a "phone home" app sounds likely ---even
an *unintentional* one, like one that automatically checks a "home
server" for
updates, corporate news, etc.  Then you merely snag the IP, find it
comes from
AOL (rather than your internal network) who looks up who occupied that
at that time.  Krastof probably used his meatspace info, subpeona,
no-knock, game over.

@_date: 2003-11-29 20:26:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: US spying, directv, shades of global crossing 
The parent company of DirecTV, the home satellite service, has promised
several federal agencies that it can address concerns about foreign
ownership of sensitive U.S. communications systems if it wins approval
of its proposed merger with Australian-controlled News Corp.
But the merger also has drawn the scrutiny of the Department of Homeland
Security, the FBI and Justice Department divisions in addition to the
antitrust department. The deal would bring DirecTV's five satellites and
sophisticated communications system under the control of a company based
outside the United States.
Chief among the U.S. concerns is that a foreign-owned satellite system
and communications system could be used for illegal surveillance on U.S.
citizens and facilities, according to documents passed this week among
Hughes, News Corp. and the federal government.
"As the [FCC] is aware, the DOJ, FBI and DHS have taken the position
that their ability to satisfy their obligations to protect the national
security, to enforce the laws, and to preserve the safety of the public
could be significantly impaired by transactions in which foreign
entities will own or operate a part of the U.S. communications system,
or in which foreign-located facilities will be used to provide domestic
communications services to U.S. customers," read a letter filed at the
FCC by the three law enforcement agencies last week.
The Committee for Foreign Investment in the United States, a group made
up of executive departments and representatives from the State, Defense,
Treasury and Commerce departments, typically reviews transactions
involving foreign ownership of businesses that serve the United States.
In September, for instance, the committee approved the reorganization
plan for Global Crossing, a telecommunications company being acquired
out of bankruptcy by a Singapore-based firm. .

@_date: 2003-11-30 18:26:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Chaum's hand? 
Take a look at
and tell me his hand isn't photoshopped.  Is this
for security reasons, or is his hand malformed?

@_date: 2003-12-23 04:06:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Trusted Computing = Kevlar Doors 
When the Trust Computing Worm (tm) comes out,
will anyone recognize it as a version of the jihadist
pilot who uses the impenetrable aircraft door?
Just wondering.  And doesn't Tom Ridge look great
in Orange?

@_date: 2003-12-22 01:44:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Give us at least 3 Nyms 
. We had to get very disciplined and accept nothing less than three
A major obstacle was simply gathering the names correctly, considering
that many Arabs have four proper names, including family and tribal

@_date: 2003-12-22 01:18:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: I am anti war.  Yawn. 
"Collateral damage".
The workers at say a WWII refinery did not directly
do evil to anyone.  Still, they were killed, because of where
they were.  Bummer, eh?  Sleep with dogs..
Better put some ice on that, bub.

@_date: 2003-12-20 19:01:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: The killer app for encryption 
[on onion routing POTS]
If you ran voice analysis over every POTS call and then
directed your missile at the customer demarc you'd get
your man.  A good reason to decrypt to analog
the voice at the endpoint, eh?

@_date: 2003-12-15 22:19:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Using PCR to find Hussein via the sewers?  [GATTACA] 
I wonder if you can trace DNA in sewers back to the source,
esp. in an inbred locale?   (Peter?  PCR with Saddam specific
Or did he just dig a cat-hole instead of using the infrastructure?
You can trace industrial contamination up sewer lines back to the
How about the cells we shed?
Just theoretically.  Papers fnord says someone used to the good life
narced, couldn't
handle a jail cell.

@_date: 2003-12-15 21:26:01
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Hack the Vote: cause a blackout 
(This inspired by comments in Scheier's cryptogram)
Do all the newly electronic voting places have UPS?  I doubt
it.  Think of the fun you could cause if you downed a few
substations or poles.
recovery.  Imagine if, in the next presidential election, someone
hacked the vote in New York.  Would we let New York vote again in a
week?  Would we redo the entire national election?  Would we tell New
York that their votes didn't count?
counted even in a blackout.

@_date: 2003-12-11 23:23:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Has this photo been de-stegoed? (and Clouds) 
You are *way* too FT based in your thinking.  There are *many* other
measurements and statistics and co-relations.
And the noise I was referring to is in part electronic noise, not image
in either the spatial freq. or poisson sense.  The point being that
there is
info that is perceptually insignificant, that you can replace with
compressed encrypted bits.

@_date: 2003-12-11 21:45:10
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: LAPD captain busted for selling bootleg DVDs 
December 10, 2003
Just days after Los Angeles Police Chief William J. Bratton pledged a
crackdown on motion picture piracy, department investigators on Tuesday
helped arrest an LAPD captain suspected of selling bootleg DVDs.
Julie D. Nelson, a decorated patrol captain and a 28-year veteran of the
Los Angeles Police Department, was arrested at the Hollywood station
following a sting operation in which she allegedly sold counterfeit film
titles such as "The Cat in the Hat" to undercover officers.

@_date: 2003-12-11 18:26:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Has this photo been de-stegoed?   (and Anonymity) 
One could count some fraction of all the *.binaries.* on usenet
as anonymous communications (via stego), but then you'd have to know
how many are stego'd, and that is the game after all.
Yes.  Trivially, If your correspondent told you, but that's out of
band.  Otherwise,
If there *remains* info which was not washed out "in transit", then that
would be an inband way.  Maybe all the pictures with a red flower
in them are carriers, and this content isn't washed out.  Maybe its a
more subtle crypto-watermark, independent of the stego'd message.
1. How do you know the signature of the unaltered carrier-medium?
E.g., have you measured the LSBit noise from my camera recently?
Under which lighting conditions?
2. Don't you think I can measure the properties of my carrier and shape
the stego'd info to match?   (This does get into an arms race over what
properties to measure.)
You don't just put your message in the LSBits or whatever.  You
encrypt, and possibly redundantly code them.  Then you shape the noise
to match the bits you're replacing.
Depends on the coding.
Just make sure you did the original analog recording and destroy the
original after you stego it.  Best also if you never post unstego'd
so the Adversary can't measure your raw carrier.
A simple stego message was placed without real
You shouldn't stego life-critical messages without proper training in
the use of your tools.
(That training may vary with personality, see _Silk and Cyanide_.  Some
like "why",
some like "do this".)
"You can have democracy when you vote for the people we approve of"
King George to the Colony of Iraq

@_date: 2003-12-11 17:49:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: whitehouse.gov/robots.txt 
I'd suggest "wget" for spidering sites.  It can be told to ignore
.robots files.  It is
good for mirroring sites which you suspect may be taken down.  Win/Unix

@_date: 2003-12-11 17:21:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks discussions 
It can also be imprudent, as in a free trip to a grand jury in a distant
land, possibly with you fronting the govt the money for the trip.
All to hear you mention the Bill of Rights, repeatedly, of course.
Neophytes are encouraged to look up Jim Bell, Declan, John Young, etc.

@_date: 2003-12-02 16:12:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Silly Linux Kernel Bug 
Question from a BSDer:
Was this bug in the NSA's secure version?

@_date: 2003-12-02 16:12:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Silly Linux Kernel Bug 
Question from a BSDer:
Was this bug in the NSA's secure version?

@_date: 2003-12-08 06:57:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
A few observations.
Nowadays, colleges offer courses in crypto.
This was not the case when I started reading this list.
And 'net social issues were not widely discussed; now
there are many fora and public organizations that one
can look at.  Probably college courses on that, too.
So *perhaps* neophytes interested in these things have
many more places to learn.   Just an optimistic possibility.
I did much like your "the nose rings of the followers" comment
"When I was your age we didn't have Tim May! We had to be paranoid
on our own! And we were grateful!" --Alan Olsen

@_date: 2003-12-08 06:57:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
A few observations.
Nowadays, colleges offer courses in crypto.
This was not the case when I started reading this list.
And 'net social issues were not widely discussed; now
there are many fora and public organizations that one
can look at.  Probably college courses on that, too.
So *perhaps* neophytes interested in these things have
many more places to learn.   Just an optimistic possibility.
I did much like your "the nose rings of the followers" comment
"When I was your age we didn't have Tim May! We had to be paranoid
on our own! And we were grateful!" --Alan Olsen

@_date: 2003-12-08 16:31:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks discussions 
Its not just "the First is the Only Way" phenom.
What's going on is that folks are online all the time now, so
things interactive (web boards, IM) have become more popular
than they could have been in the dial-up past.
The big advantage of email, which was the original "killer app",
was store and forward.  Ie, asych; offline.  IM strikes me as
perverse.  If I wanted to be interrupted I'd answer my telephone.
Email clients of olde allowed aliasing to lists, which predated
(and motivated) mailing list exploders/auto-managers.  They
are still widely used for group-of-friends 'private' lists.  Even
my parents understand Bcc: nowadays.
Yahoo boards have options to use email, and
modern clients manage multiple email addresses.  But
for online folks a board is perhaps more convenient,
since the board is accessable everywhere.  For
home/office/school mobility this is a feature, even
if its regressing to the "PC as dumb terminal" mechanism.
The advantage of eg Yahoo groups (and presumably blogs)
is their moderation; the lack thereof enabled spammers to
bulldoze the commons of usenet.   Inevitable.  Also the
reason why lne.com is the best node.
Not sure what you mean by that.  "Shortcut" is a M$ term
for lame-ass sym link.
"Remember, it takes 42 muscles to frown and only 4 to pull the trigger
of a decent sniper rifle." Michael Hohensee

@_date: 2003-12-08 16:31:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks discussions 
Its not just "the First is the Only Way" phenom.
What's going on is that folks are online all the time now, so
things interactive (web boards, IM) have become more popular
than they could have been in the dial-up past.
The big advantage of email, which was the original "killer app",
was store and forward.  Ie, asych; offline.  IM strikes me as
perverse.  If I wanted to be interrupted I'd answer my telephone.
Email clients of olde allowed aliasing to lists, which predated
(and motivated) mailing list exploders/auto-managers.  They
are still widely used for group-of-friends 'private' lists.  Even
my parents understand Bcc: nowadays.
Yahoo boards have options to use email, and
modern clients manage multiple email addresses.  But
for online folks a board is perhaps more convenient,
since the board is accessable everywhere.  For
home/office/school mobility this is a feature, even
if its regressing to the "PC as dumb terminal" mechanism.
The advantage of eg Yahoo groups (and presumably blogs)
is their moderation; the lack thereof enabled spammers to
bulldoze the commons of usenet.   Inevitable.  Also the
reason why lne.com is the best node.
Not sure what you mean by that.  "Shortcut" is a M$ term
for lame-ass sym link.
"Remember, it takes 42 muscles to frown and only 4 to pull the trigger
of a decent sniper rifle." Michael Hohensee

@_date: 2003-12-11 17:49:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: whitehouse.gov/robots.txt 
I'd suggest "wget" for spidering sites.  It can be told to ignore
.robots files.  It is
good for mirroring sites which you suspect may be taken down.  Win/Unix

@_date: 2003-12-11 18:18:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings [was: Re: (No Subject)] 
akin to the original constitutional balance in the U.S.  But where to
recruit these people?  My suggestion: the terminally ill.
death and for some the possibility of fearlessness for physical harm or
Of course your idea has merit, both on a personal and govt payback
level.  But you can get more, and fitter soldiers:
Simply convince some healthy folks that an "afterlife" exists.  And that
by doing worthy acts
you do well there.  Religion is a terrorist weapon after all.
What would a palestinian bastard on a stick do?

@_date: 2003-12-11 23:23:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Has this photo been de-stegoed? (and Clouds) 
You are *way* too FT based in your thinking.  There are *many* other
measurements and statistics and co-relations.
And the noise I was referring to is in part electronic noise, not image
in either the spatial freq. or poisson sense.  The point being that
there is
info that is perceptually insignificant, that you can replace with
compressed encrypted bits.

@_date: 2003-12-11 21:45:10
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: LAPD captain busted for selling bootleg DVDs 
December 10, 2003
Just days after Los Angeles Police Chief William J. Bratton pledged a
crackdown on motion picture piracy, department investigators on Tuesday
helped arrest an LAPD captain suspected of selling bootleg DVDs.
Julie D. Nelson, a decorated patrol captain and a 28-year veteran of the
Los Angeles Police Department, was arrested at the Hollywood station
following a sting operation in which she allegedly sold counterfeit film
titles such as "The Cat in the Hat" to undercover officers.

@_date: 2003-12-12 17:02:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Stego worm 
I'm not saying that you could never use FT to detect weaker kinds of
But if information is encoded as say the parity of 3 LSBits from
regions of the image, good luck.
The most important thing is not to put too much cargo in your carrier.
Think in terms of signal to noise if you wish.
Obviously a picture with truly uniform color fields ---like a digital
won't be useful.  But scanning a piece of paper does not have this
for say 8 bits per grayscale pixel.   Because each analog scan of the
same piece
of paper gives different bits.
TD, you surely have the background to look into this stuff (and stego
detection) if you want.  BTW Stego ~aka watermarking.  And stego
can be done in music, movies, ascii text, etc.
Or you could work from first principles, if you are able to mentally
switch between
steganographer and stego-detecter.  (This same
playing-chess-with-yourself is
vital to security analysis, crypto, etc.)

@_date: 2003-12-12 17:02:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Stego worm 
I'm not saying that you could never use FT to detect weaker kinds of
But if information is encoded as say the parity of 3 LSBits from
regions of the image, good luck.
The most important thing is not to put too much cargo in your carrier.
Think in terms of signal to noise if you wish.
Obviously a picture with truly uniform color fields ---like a digital
won't be useful.  But scanning a piece of paper does not have this
for say 8 bits per grayscale pixel.   Because each analog scan of the
same piece
of paper gives different bits.
TD, you surely have the background to look into this stuff (and stego
detection) if you want.  BTW Stego ~aka watermarking.  And stego
can be done in music, movies, ascii text, etc.
Or you could work from first principles, if you are able to mentally
switch between
steganographer and stego-detecter.  (This same
playing-chess-with-yourself is
vital to security analysis, crypto, etc.)

@_date: 2003-12-14 20:34:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
(resend) Good points, but not entirely true.  For instance, we could stop the
Jihad (tm)
(including future Jihads by other parties) by stopping all foreign aid,
following the good general's advice,
"Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
If you take yourself out of the game, you are not seen by a player which
can be influenced.
Or which influencing would do any good to a given cause.
A government can take itself (and thus the proles that fed the NYC
rodentia the second week
of Sept 01) out of the game,  while individuals (corporations) continue
to trade freely, and at their
own consensual risk.
The point is that while the soldiers are independent, their motivations
are not.  So you can
reduce the cost of the lone warriors to you by not annoying them any
Rudolph bombed clinics, not random people because the govt allowed the
clinics.  Contrast with a distributed jihad which attacks citizens to
sway a govt.
If the US went neutral, whether Halliburton was in Arabia would be
entirely an economic
question, involving the cost of paying off widows or hiring Islamic
workers, or buying the
goods through a third party.  Instead its a policy question, the only
way to influence it
is to bring it home ---"the only language the American people understand
dead Americans." -EC
"Can you hear me now?" -UBL, 11.9.01

@_date: 2003-12-14 20:34:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
(resend) Good points, but not entirely true.  For instance, we could stop the
Jihad (tm)
(including future Jihads by other parties) by stopping all foreign aid,
following the good general's advice,
"Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
If you take yourself out of the game, you are not seen by a player which
can be influenced.
Or which influencing would do any good to a given cause.
A government can take itself (and thus the proles that fed the NYC
rodentia the second week
of Sept 01) out of the game,  while individuals (corporations) continue
to trade freely, and at their
own consensual risk.
The point is that while the soldiers are independent, their motivations
are not.  So you can
reduce the cost of the lone warriors to you by not annoying them any
Rudolph bombed clinics, not random people because the govt allowed the
clinics.  Contrast with a distributed jihad which attacks citizens to
sway a govt.
If the US went neutral, whether Halliburton was in Arabia would be
entirely an economic
question, involving the cost of paying off widows or hiring Islamic
workers, or buying the
goods through a third party.  Instead its a policy question, the only
way to influence it
is to bring it home ---"the only language the American people understand
dead Americans." -EC
"Can you hear me now?" -UBL, 11.9.01

@_date: 2003-12-12 17:19:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
needs to be an "obvious" place for ZPs to refer to. Any obvious place
that becomes even remotely attractive to ZPs will be immediately raided.
Because ZPs have potential to be actually dangerous to the gang in
power, as opposed to everything else I've seen so far.
prerequisite for the regime change and executing post-natal abortions.
And it has been for centuries.
You need to think about the "lone warrior" scenario that the Gang
worries about.  McVeighs and Rudolphs.
They were influenced by memes which were not immediately suppressed.
Look at Al Q, Inc: you don't need explicit instructions from the Boss to
motivate folks to do things.
You see who is the enemy, you see opportunity.  You don't need
There is also the "copycat" phenom ---remember how school shootings
reccurred after the first big one?   So the memes can get out.
As Tim has mentioned here, the talkers can't
be the doers.  And watch out for COINTELPRO.
WiFI-ing into some sucker's open AP. No one gives a fuck for Usenet
postings, blacknet etc
Well, some do, but its not relevent for ZPs.
Effective means untouchable web site with untouchable DNS entry.
Fuck the web.  The web is 0wn3d by the feds and run by largely spineless
fedsucking sheep.  The web is for
talkers, not doers.
tuning to Radio London from occupied Europe in WW2.
I don't listen to shortwave, but I understand some of it can be fairly
strong.   I could easily see some
lunatic fringe suggesting that deathbed xians blowing up medical clinics
as a holy thing.  (And I understand
that shortwave is popular among lunatic xians.)
As the US descends into statism, perhaps some agitators will pick better
targets, like the oppressors.
Perhaps some will simply begin to act, the news reports it, and others
will clue in and repeat.

@_date: 2003-12-12 17:19:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
needs to be an "obvious" place for ZPs to refer to. Any obvious place
that becomes even remotely attractive to ZPs will be immediately raided.
Because ZPs have potential to be actually dangerous to the gang in
power, as opposed to everything else I've seen so far.
prerequisite for the regime change and executing post-natal abortions.
And it has been for centuries.
You need to think about the "lone warrior" scenario that the Gang
worries about.  McVeighs and Rudolphs.
They were influenced by memes which were not immediately suppressed.
Look at Al Q, Inc: you don't need explicit instructions from the Boss to
motivate folks to do things.
You see who is the enemy, you see opportunity.  You don't need
There is also the "copycat" phenom ---remember how school shootings
reccurred after the first big one?   So the memes can get out.
As Tim has mentioned here, the talkers can't
be the doers.  And watch out for COINTELPRO.
WiFI-ing into some sucker's open AP. No one gives a fuck for Usenet
postings, blacknet etc
Well, some do, but its not relevent for ZPs.
Effective means untouchable web site with untouchable DNS entry.
Fuck the web.  The web is 0wn3d by the feds and run by largely spineless
fedsucking sheep.  The web is for
talkers, not doers.
tuning to Radio London from occupied Europe in WW2.
I don't listen to shortwave, but I understand some of it can be fairly
strong.   I could easily see some
lunatic fringe suggesting that deathbed xians blowing up medical clinics
as a holy thing.  (And I understand
that shortwave is popular among lunatic xians.)
As the US descends into statism, perhaps some agitators will pick better
targets, like the oppressors.
Perhaps some will simply begin to act, the news reports it, and others
will clue in and repeat.

@_date: 2003-12-15 22:12:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: cpunk-like meeting report 
But look how many IP addresses he got from members checking it out!

@_date: 2003-12-15 22:12:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: cpunk-like meeting report 
But look how many IP addresses he got from members checking it out!

@_date: 2003-12-14 22:54:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: cpunk-like meeting report 
I went to a meeting of the Irvine Underground (irvineunderground.org)
which reminded me of late-90s SF CP meatings.  Although the overall
tech level was probably lower and social implications weren't a big
Also, at this meeting, there were far more cameras or videocams than
were present (at least overtly :-) at the few CP meats I attended.
nyms were used more than they were (overtly :-) at CP meatings; this may
have been due to a "introduce yourself" poll.  The IU
group seems to be a bit more social, going to movies for instance, than
topic-only CPs were.  The meeting was held in a room at an IHOP (pancake
for furriners)
The exploit mentioned in
was demonstrated, we were debriefed on the recent LA 802.11b War Flying
(and the EMI resistance of 1960's era single-engine airplane instruments
Toorcon organizers were present.  About 30+ people
were there, with what appeared to me to be a bimodal distribution of
some advanced, some admitted unix newbies, etc.  There was even
lock picking.  A WiFi LAN, net connectivity through someone's cell phone
A video projector.
I didn't notice persons with exceptional Euler numbers,
though black was definately the color of choice for garments.  Ages
well distributed from undergrad to hoary.  One gent noticed a certain
TLA on my
cypherpunks T-shirt and admitted that he had once worked in Ft Meade,
he wouldn't say on what :-)

@_date: 2003-12-14 22:54:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: cpunk-like meeting report 
I went to a meeting of the Irvine Underground (irvineunderground.org)
which reminded me of late-90s SF CP meatings.  Although the overall
tech level was probably lower and social implications weren't a big
Also, at this meeting, there were far more cameras or videocams than
were present (at least overtly :-) at the few CP meats I attended.
nyms were used more than they were (overtly :-) at CP meatings; this may
have been due to a "introduce yourself" poll.  The IU
group seems to be a bit more social, going to movies for instance, than
topic-only CPs were.  The meeting was held in a room at an IHOP (pancake
for furriners)
The exploit mentioned in
was demonstrated, we were debriefed on the recent LA 802.11b War Flying
(and the EMI resistance of 1960's era single-engine airplane instruments
Toorcon organizers were present.  About 30+ people
were there, with what appeared to me to be a bimodal distribution of
some advanced, some admitted unix newbies, etc.  There was even
lock picking.  A WiFi LAN, net connectivity through someone's cell phone
A video projector.
I didn't notice persons with exceptional Euler numbers,
though black was definately the color of choice for garments.  Ages
well distributed from undergrad to hoary.  One gent noticed a certain
TLA on my
cypherpunks T-shirt and admitted that he had once worked in Ft Meade,
he wouldn't say on what :-)

@_date: 2003-12-15 21:26:01
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Hack the Vote: cause a blackout 
(This inspired by comments in Scheier's cryptogram)
Do all the newly electronic voting places have UPS?  I doubt
it.  Think of the fun you could cause if you downed a few
substations or poles.
recovery.  Imagine if, in the next presidential election, someone
hacked the vote in New York.  Would we let New York vote again in a
week?  Would we redo the entire national election?  Would we tell New
York that their votes didn't count?
counted even in a blackout.

@_date: 2003-12-15 22:19:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Using PCR to find Hussein via the sewers?  [GATTACA] 
I wonder if you can trace DNA in sewers back to the source,
esp. in an inbred locale?   (Peter?  PCR with Saddam specific
Or did he just dig a cat-hole instead of using the infrastructure?
You can trace industrial contamination up sewer lines back to the
How about the cells we shed?
Just theoretically.  Papers fnord says someone used to the good life
narced, couldn't
handle a jail cell.

@_date: 2003-12-20 19:01:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: The killer app for encryption 
[on onion routing POTS]
If you ran voice analysis over every POTS call and then
directed your missile at the customer demarc you'd get
your man.  A good reason to decrypt to analog
the voice at the endpoint, eh?

@_date: 2003-12-18 23:47:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: The killer app for encryption 
The problem handling the delay comes with the network, not the
encryption.  The encryption can be symmetric, and must be used
in a mode that tolerates drops, but its not a big cost when sending

@_date: 2003-12-18 23:47:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: The killer app for encryption 
The problem handling the delay comes with the network, not the
encryption.  The encryption can be symmetric, and must be used
in a mode that tolerates drops, but its not a big cost when sending

@_date: 2003-12-23 04:06:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Trusted Computing = Kevlar Doors 
When the Trust Computing Worm (tm) comes out,
will anyone recognize it as a version of the jihadist
pilot who uses the impenetrable aircraft door?
Just wondering.  And doesn't Tom Ridge look great
in Orange?

@_date: 2003-12-31 01:59:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
My "Handbook of Regular Patterns" (Stevens) includes Swastikas
under the obvious symmetry group.  Do I need a license?

@_date: 2003-12-31 01:59:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
My "Handbook of Regular Patterns" (Stevens) includes Swastikas
under the obvious symmetry group.  Do I need a license?

@_date: 2003-12-31 01:56:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
If I were a neocon asshole, I would.  Instead, I regard liberation as a
local task, and interfering with sovereignty as the initiation of force,
ie an act of war.
You need to be clear: only governments can censor.  Walmart
etc can do whatever they want.  That's what private property
means.  You don't have a right to put your bumper sticker on
my car (compelled speech, see the 1st), or prohibit me from putting my
sticker on my car.
(I just drove 400 miles in a car with the US flag upside down and
"Fucked" written over it.  Its a magnetic sticker I remove when I travel
with my pharmaceutical of choice.)
TV stations which exploit the aetherial commons are a tricky case.
The government licensors have to be very careful not to induce
Well, ok then :-)

@_date: 2003-12-31 01:56:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
If I were a neocon asshole, I would.  Instead, I regard liberation as a
local task, and interfering with sovereignty as the initiation of force,
ie an act of war.
You need to be clear: only governments can censor.  Walmart
etc can do whatever they want.  That's what private property
means.  You don't have a right to put your bumper sticker on
my car (compelled speech, see the 1st), or prohibit me from putting my
sticker on my car.
(I just drove 400 miles in a car with the US flag upside down and
"Fucked" written over it.  Its a magnetic sticker I remove when I travel
with my pharmaceutical of choice.)
TV stations which exploit the aetherial commons are a tricky case.
The government licensors have to be very careful not to induce
Well, ok then :-)

@_date: 2003-12-26 23:16:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
Germany, or any State that  restricts words or thought, needs a regime
with extreme prejudice.
Are there exceptions for Buddhists and Amerinds?  Moron.
And I would like
If so, then Germany should have the balls to discover freedom --adopt
the US Constitution for instance.  The US can't counter such a move.
Not in Germany, obviously.  In the US, yes.  Our founders trusted
the Volk; your conquerors (eg the US) let your shepards (eg your govt)
neuter the sheep (ie you).
Fuck censors dead.
Freedom is only tested when its unconfortable, baby.
Maybe you will find this list too uncomfortable, Kalus.

@_date: 2003-12-26 23:16:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
Germany, or any State that  restricts words or thought, needs a regime
with extreme prejudice.
Are there exceptions for Buddhists and Amerinds?  Moron.
And I would like
If so, then Germany should have the balls to discover freedom --adopt
the US Constitution for instance.  The US can't counter such a move.
Not in Germany, obviously.  In the US, yes.  Our founders trusted
the Volk; your conquerors (eg the US) let your shepards (eg your govt)
neuter the sheep (ie you).
Fuck censors dead.
Freedom is only tested when its unconfortable, baby.
Maybe you will find this list too uncomfortable, Kalus.

@_date: 2003-12-23 16:54:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Singers jailed for lyrics 
BERLIN  In the first case of its kind in Germany, a right-wing rock
band was deemed a criminal organization and its lead singer was
sentenced Monday to more than three years in prison for lyrics that
venerate Nazism and incite racial hatred.
A Berlin criminal court sentenced 38-year-old Michael Regener to 40
months in prison after a six-month trial that tested the boundaries of
free expression in a nation with strict laws against hate speech.

@_date: 2003-12-23 16:54:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Singers jailed for lyrics 
BERLIN  In the first case of its kind in Germany, a right-wing rock
band was deemed a criminal organization and its lead singer was
sentenced Monday to more than three years in prison for lyrics that
venerate Nazism and incite racial hatred.
A Berlin criminal court sentenced 38-year-old Michael Regener to 40
months in prison after a six-month trial that tested the boundaries of
free expression in a nation with strict laws against hate speech.

@_date: 2004-01-27 18:41:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Freedom to speak: Patriot act unconstitutional 
Jan 26, 4:26 PM EST
Part of Patriot Act Ruled Unconstitutional
By LINDA DEUTSCH
AP Special Correspondent
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- A federal judge has declared unconstitutional a
portion of the USA Patriot Act that bars giving expert advice or
assistance to groups designated foreign terrorist organizations.
The ruling marks the first court decision to declare a part of the
post-Sept. 11 anti-terrorism statute unconstitutional, said David Cole,
a Georgetown University law professor who argued the case on behalf of
the Humanitarian Law Project.
In a ruling handed down late Friday and made available Monday, U.S.
District Judge Audrey Collins said the ban on providing "expert advice
or assistance" is impermissibly vague, in violation of the First and
Fifth Amendments.
John Tyler, the Justice Department attorney who argued the case, had no
comment and referred calls to the department press office in Washington.
A message left there was not immediately returned.
The case before the court involved five groups and two U.S. citizens
seeking to provide support for lawful, nonviolent activities on behalf
of Kurdish refugees in Turkey.
The Humanitarian Law Project, which brought the lawsuit, said the
plaintiffs were threatened with 15 years in prison if they advised
groups on seeking a peaceful resolution of the Kurds' campaign for
self-determination in Turkey.
The judge's ruling said the law, as written, does not differentiate
between impermissible advice on violence and encouraging the use of
peaceful, nonviolent means to achieve goals.
"The USA Patriot Act places no limitation on the type of expert advice
and assistance which is prohibited and instead bans the provision of all
expert advice and assistance regardless of its nature," the judge said.
Cole declared the ruling "a victory for everyone who believes the war on
terrorism ought to be fought consistent with constitutional principles."
Of course there are limits in regards to freedom of speech.  They are as
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and
petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
Everything else is, of course, allowed.  -Sunder
Hang Ashcroft.

@_date: 2004-01-23 18:01:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: plausible deniability, watermarking / stego busts 
FBI makes arrest in movie 'screener' case
Chicago man to be charged with copyright infringementThe Associated
Updated: 9:02 a.m. ET Jan. 23, 2004LOS ANGELES - A man who allegedly
used the Internet to distribute Oscar screener movies sent to him by a
member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has been
arrested in Illinois, authorities said.
Agents said the films have been traced back to a longtime Academy
member, 69-year-old actor Carmine Caridi, who was described as a friend
of Spragues.
In addition to the movies, agents said they found an array of
duplicating and illegal satellite television interception equipment in
Spragues home about 20 miles south of downtown Chicago.
Caridi told investigators he sent VHS copies of about 60 movies he
received each year to Sprague. He allegedly told investigators he
received no money for the films, and believed Sprague was merely a film
buff who wished to watch them.

@_date: 2004-01-23 17:27:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: 1st amend, compelled speech in US 
[ The Ministry of Mental Health would like to caution you that the
text may contain unsoc ideas that may lead to discontent and other
conditions requiring treatment from licensed MiniHealth technicians.
Have a nice day.]
Excellent question.
It is conceivable that a state can legitimately define some terms of
so as to prevent *fraud*.  (Congress may do so for interstate trade.)
Eg, plant and chemical names, weights and measures, etc.
If some physical object has proved side nonobvious effects, its
conceivable that the state
can compel that speech.   Note that these are physical objects, not
bits, and
its to prevent fraud in commerce that enables state action.
[ The Ministry of Mental Health would like to caution you that the
text may contain unsoc ideas that may lead to discontent and other
conditions requiring treatment from licensed MiniHealth technicians.
Have a nice day.]
When the state wants to insert speech into other's *conversations*,
needs to read the BoR.
[ The Ministry of Mental Health would like to caution you that the
text may contain unsoc ideas that may lead to discontent and other
conditions requiring treatment from licensed MiniHealth technicians.
Have a nice day.]
And note:
In a free nation, folks would be able to decide who
endorses products, including foods and drugs.   If the kosher council
required some kind of warning ("Do not smoke this product with diary
then you would have to follow their rules if you wanted to use their
Any federal rating or private Consumer Reports organization
would simply be a competitor in the field of reputations.
[ The Ministry of Mental Health would like to caution you that the
text may contain unsoc ideas that may lead to discontent and other
conditions requiring treatment from licensed MiniHealth technicians.
Have a nice day.]

@_date: 2004-01-21 19:45:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "Hey be careful, I have three balms in here" 
like a
My cube was near a purchasing person's cube, and he was constantly
talking about bombs on the phone.  This perturbed me on days I had
to fly, though picturing him doing phone work at an airport was
rewarding.  He was abbreviating bill of materials of course.

@_date: 2004-01-20 19:55:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Electric Bagpipe shuts down jetport 
Hey, I dare you to park near an airport with an Oboe sticking through
your moonroof...
I've been regularly driving under LAX a day a week.
Two observations:
1. if you get a flat near there, you get a policeman to advise you real
2. if Tommy Ridge is dressed in orange, its best to get off
the 105 onto Sepulveda south from and turn north, instead of
competing with airport exit traffic which is backed up for miles.
Interesting how the consequences propogate..

@_date: 2004-01-14 18:42:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
The FCC could consider the GNUser to be a "manufacturer", just like
the ATF does if you change the sear on your semiauto rifle or trim the
stock and barrel too much..
While they don't have the black flak jacket penache of the ATF thugs,
the FCC does enforce things if you play on the wrong bands.
Reception, of course, is a little harder to monitor :-)

@_date: 2004-01-13 01:14:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Hello BGT 
The SSNs were initially published, later removed in an incremental
withdrawl, as I recall.
I think people have not quite gotten their hands around the
speed at which information can be disseminated online.
-Monica Lewinsky, LATimes 9 may 01

@_date: 2004-01-05 19:10:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Vengeance Libertarianism 
Motivation might be loss of training or worry over lawsuit?
The state of CA was running adverts last year reminding the volk that
a felony to fake disability for worker's comp.
My wife's a shrink, she has had occasion to evaluate people for
mental distress (for worker's comp) caused by work.  Sometimes they
pre-existing problems onto their claims, sometimes people or
conditions at work would screw with anyone's head.
Sometimes they regard
her (the examining shrink) as an adversary, sometimes a friend.
I imagine same goes for visceral physicians too -though pain is
as easy to fake as anguish.
The technical term for faking it is 'malingering'.
Some of the questions in standard written exams try to detect this,
as well as the opposite, concealment.  (There are times when you
want to conceal a condition that you are aware of.)

@_date: 2004-01-05 18:58:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: CNN "expert" confuses stenography with steganography 
Just heard a CNN "expert" confuse stenography with steganography.
And he still thinks Jihad, Inc websites use the latter.  Doofus.

@_date: 2004-01-05 18:56:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: copy protected "CD" lawsuit 
LONDON -- A European consumer watchdog body is suing the world's largest
music companies for selling copy-protected compact discs that won't play
on car stereos and computers, the Belgium-based organization said on
The group, known in Dutch as Test-Aankoop and in French as Test-Achats,
said it has received more than 200 complaints from consumers who
objected to a technology that prevents consumers from making a back-up
version on a blank disc and limits playback on certain devices.
Note that we suggested a lawsuit based on fraud rather than
denial of traditional use, some time ago.  Actually, the case for denial
of traditional use
is lame, in our opinion. (Surely a vendor can sell whatever they want.
Only its
fraud to use the CD logo, since the disks don't play on to-spec players.
Similar to software: you should be able to lock it in any way you can,
but you can't
say "runs on WinBlah" if it only runs on a subset.)  Should be

@_date: 2004-01-03 17:34:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: If you drive, you're a slave (Re: Sources and Sinks) 
Come visit SoCal some time.  I'll show you some roads built as
Many of them.  Sometimes, if they fail as investments ("hey, we're
losing money, lets
raise tolls"), the investors will sell to the govt ---the opposite of
your assertion.
But it shouldn't matter to a socialist like you: if I've driven on a
road, I'm therefore a slave to anyone's (or everyone's) 's need.  Anyone
who can convince a politicowhore to give them a slice, that is.

@_date: 2004-01-02 16:32:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Vengeance Libertarianism and Hot Negresses 
You'd
Is this supposed to be an argument *for* the AA pop?
None of us, even TM, methinks, has anything against anyone for where
ancestors came.  Many of us have much against various *cultures*,
which are by definition voluntary, unlike albedo.  Cultures being
chosen sets of values, values being moral, ergo judgeable.
Genes being inherited are largely irrelevant to the discussion.
Trash is trash, it doesn't matter the color of the bag containing it.
And noble metals come in many colors.

@_date: 2004-01-02 16:33:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
(What, you mean like using the US police to deprive us of life, liberty,
and the
pursuit of happiness?)
My neighbors subject their offspring to a kind of abuse commonly called
religion.  Do I have a right to intercede?   They are not harming *me*.
Stay out of others family spats.  Or as Gen'l W said,
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
(Mind you, as an reformed Objectivist, I do believe in absolute right
wrong; but does this give me the right to initiate force to clue you in?
When do we start bombing Berlin?)

@_date: 2004-01-02 16:33:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
(What, you mean like using the US police to deprive us of life, liberty,
and the
pursuit of happiness?)
My neighbors subject their offspring to a kind of abuse commonly called
religion.  Do I have a right to intercede?   They are not harming *me*.
Stay out of others family spats.  Or as Gen'l W said,
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
(Mind you, as an reformed Objectivist, I do believe in absolute right
wrong; but does this give me the right to initiate force to clue you in?
When do we start bombing Berlin?)

@_date: 2004-01-02 16:33:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Singers jailed for lyrics 
(What, you mean like using the US police to deprive us of life, liberty,
and the
pursuit of happiness?)
My neighbors subject their offspring to a kind of abuse commonly called
religion.  Do I have a right to intercede?   They are not harming *me*.
Stay out of others family spats.  Or as Gen'l W said,
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
(Mind you, as an reformed Objectivist, I do believe in absolute right
wrong; but does this give me the right to initiate force to clue you in?
When do we start bombing Berlin?)

@_date: 2004-01-02 18:35:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Seems that someone has a problem grasping natural variation.
Perhaps you would prefer that the majority starve, or live in
poverty, rather than accept a comfy (if low-status) niche made possible
by large foreheads.
Tsk tsk.

@_date: 2004-01-02 18:34:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Right.  And the value of an uneducated result of an unaborted fuck 18
years ago
is so useful that schooling is unnecessary, just part of the Man (tm)
keeping the People (tm) down.
Plenty of grubs to be dug if that's what you prefer.
The rest of us prefer personal capitalism, ie investment, ie education.
There's a reason the Jews and Asians (etc) suceed and other --often more
fluent-- cultures don't, and it has to do with the value some cultures
put on education.
The truth will set you free, or not.  Your choice.

@_date: 2004-01-02 18:34:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Right.  And the value of an uneducated result of an unaborted fuck 18
years ago
is so useful that schooling is unnecessary, just part of the Man (tm)
keeping the People (tm) down.
Plenty of grubs to be dug if that's what you prefer.
The rest of us prefer personal capitalism, ie investment, ie education.
There's a reason the Jews and Asians (etc) suceed and other --often more
fluent-- cultures don't, and it has to do with the value some cultures
put on education.
The truth will set you free, or not.  Your choice.

@_date: 2004-01-02 16:34:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Right.  And the value of an uneducated result of an unaborted fuck 18
years ago
is so useful that schooling is unnecessary, just part of the Man (tm)
keeping the People (tm) down.
Plenty of grubs to be dug if that's what you prefer.
The rest of us prefer personal capitalism, ie investment, ie education.
There's a reason the Jews and Asians (etc) suceed and other --often more
fluent-- cultures don't, and it has to do with the value some cultures
put on education.
The truth will set you free, or not.  Your choice.

@_date: 2004-01-02 16:33:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Seems that someone has a problem grasping natural variation.
Perhaps you would prefer that the majority starve, or live in
poverty, rather than accept a comfy (if low-status) niche made possible
by large foreheads.
Tsk tsk.

@_date: 2004-01-02 16:33:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Seems that someone has a problem grasping natural variation.
Perhaps you would prefer that the majority starve, or live in
poverty, rather than accept a comfy (if low-status) niche made possible
by large foreheads.
Tsk tsk.

@_date: 2004-01-02 07:17:46
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Right.  And the value of an uneducated result of an unaborted fuck 18
years ago
is so useful that schooling is unnecessary, just part of the Man (tm)
keeping the People (tm) down.
Plenty of grubs to be dug if that's what you prefer.
The rest of us prefer personal capitalism, ie investment, ie education.
There's a reason the Jews and Asians (etc) suceed and other --often more
fluent-- cultures don't, and it has to do with the value some cultures
put on education.
The truth will set you free, or not.  Your choice.

@_date: 2004-01-02 07:17:46
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Right.  And the value of an uneducated result of an unaborted fuck 18
years ago
is so useful that schooling is unnecessary, just part of the Man (tm)
keeping the People (tm) down.
Plenty of grubs to be dug if that's what you prefer.
The rest of us prefer personal capitalism, ie investment, ie education.
There's a reason the Jews and Asians (etc) suceed and other --often more
fluent-- cultures don't, and it has to do with the value some cultures
put on education.
The truth will set you free, or not.  Your choice.

@_date: 2004-01-02 07:09:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Seems that someone has a problem grasping natural variation.
Perhaps you would prefer that the majority starve, or live in
poverty, rather than accept a comfy (if low-status) niche made possible
by large foreheads.
Tsk tsk.

@_date: 2004-01-03 01:51:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Sources and Sinks 
Put the crack pipe down, Michael.
Colonial empires need fatherland security when the conquered start
sending feedback.   Moral states bordered by Mexico, Canada and oceans
don't even need a standing army a tenth of the size of the US's at any
in the last 100 years.
And strict libertarians do accept taxation for police & defense, little
Not progressively increasing taxes, not punitive taxes, but the (only)
legit function of government is protecting against coercion (incl. fraud
& pollution).  Some (currently small) fraction of police work / law
actually does this.

@_date: 2004-01-03 01:51:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Sources and Sinks 
Put the crack pipe down, Michael.
Colonial empires need fatherland security when the conquered start
sending feedback.   Moral states bordered by Mexico, Canada and oceans
don't even need a standing army a tenth of the size of the US's at any
in the last 100 years.
And strict libertarians do accept taxation for police & defense, little
Not progressively increasing taxes, not punitive taxes, but the (only)
legit function of government is protecting against coercion (incl. fraud
& pollution).  Some (currently small) fraction of police work / law
actually does this.

@_date: 2004-01-02 16:32:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Vengeance Libertarianism and Hot Negresses 
You'd
Is this supposed to be an argument *for* the AA pop?
None of us, even TM, methinks, has anything against anyone for where
ancestors came.  Many of us have much against various *cultures*,
which are by definition voluntary, unlike albedo.  Cultures being
chosen sets of values, values being moral, ergo judgeable.
Genes being inherited are largely irrelevant to the discussion.
Trash is trash, it doesn't matter the color of the bag containing it.
And noble metals come in many colors.

@_date: 2004-01-03 17:23:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Education Be For Whitey 
One could close all public schools and voucher tomorrow.
Simple.  Take the infants and put them with parents who subscribe to
a culture that values education and work.  Then even govt schools
won't damage them enought to crush them.

@_date: 2004-01-03 17:23:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Education Be For Whitey 
One could close all public schools and voucher tomorrow.
Simple.  Take the infants and put them with parents who subscribe to
a culture that values education and work.  Then even govt schools
won't damage them enought to crush them.

@_date: 2004-01-03 01:07:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Education Be For Whitey 
We're not talking about the same thing.  I'm talking about the
of culture in valuing education, and how important education (aka
personal capitalism)
You're talking about different things -schools not removing disruptives,
differences in this policy in poor districts.
I don't know where you got that from, unless you're simply applying
ideals (albeit a reasonable extrapolation for me).  I would destroy
publicly administered
schools tomorrow, and put the money into competitive private schools,
In the long term libertarian utopia,  govt isn't involved in funding
(even lower) education of course, but I would put that last on my list
of reforms, and note
that eventually education can be funded in other ways.
In the short term, no govt employee should teach; a
few govt accountants can write the vouchers.  They shouldn't teach
because of
1. conflict of interest (in teaching history, civics)
2. govt shouldn't be in the business of running schools, even if
taxpayers continue to
fund it
3. govt (and uncompetitive school bureaucracy) is inefficient whatever
it does
4. govt curricula are swayed by politics, whereas with vouchers you can
decide how you want Columbus et al. portrayed.  (This distinct from 1.)
5. 1st amendment conflicts (ie compelled speech, compelled reading)
Obviously religious curricula cannot be payed for by vouchers.
And practically, the state would have to assure that vouchers paid
are getting something for their money, esp. for home-schoolers, who
should get voucher $ too.  That doesn't mean a fixed curricula, just
that you are literate and numerate by a reasonable age.

@_date: 2004-01-03 01:07:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Education Be For Whitey 
We're not talking about the same thing.  I'm talking about the
of culture in valuing education, and how important education (aka
personal capitalism)
You're talking about different things -schools not removing disruptives,
differences in this policy in poor districts.
I don't know where you got that from, unless you're simply applying
ideals (albeit a reasonable extrapolation for me).  I would destroy
publicly administered
schools tomorrow, and put the money into competitive private schools,
In the long term libertarian utopia,  govt isn't involved in funding
(even lower) education of course, but I would put that last on my list
of reforms, and note
that eventually education can be funded in other ways.
In the short term, no govt employee should teach; a
few govt accountants can write the vouchers.  They shouldn't teach
because of
1. conflict of interest (in teaching history, civics)
2. govt shouldn't be in the business of running schools, even if
taxpayers continue to
fund it
3. govt (and uncompetitive school bureaucracy) is inefficient whatever
it does
4. govt curricula are swayed by politics, whereas with vouchers you can
decide how you want Columbus et al. portrayed.  (This distinct from 1.)
5. 1st amendment conflicts (ie compelled speech, compelled reading)
Obviously religious curricula cannot be payed for by vouchers.
And practically, the state would have to assure that vouchers paid
are getting something for their money, esp. for home-schoolers, who
should get voucher $ too.  That doesn't mean a fixed curricula, just
that you are literate and numerate by a reasonable age.

@_date: 2004-01-03 17:29:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: DoS-ing fatherland goons 
meet the apple on monday")
WiFi-injected encrypted messages to select TLDs on the List
(and beyond --Indonesia suffices).
Got Chatter?

@_date: 2004-01-03 17:29:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: DoS-ing fatherland goons 
meet the apple on monday")
WiFi-injected encrypted messages to select TLDs on the List
(and beyond --Indonesia suffices).
Got Chatter?

@_date: 2004-01-03 17:34:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: If you drive, you're a slave (Re: Sources and Sinks) 
Come visit SoCal some time.  I'll show you some roads built as
Many of them.  Sometimes, if they fail as investments ("hey, we're
losing money, lets
raise tolls"), the investors will sell to the govt ---the opposite of
your assertion.
But it shouldn't matter to a socialist like you: if I've driven on a
road, I'm therefore a slave to anyone's (or everyone's) 's need.  Anyone
who can convince a politicowhore to give them a slice, that is.

@_date: 2004-01-05 18:56:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: copy protected "CD" lawsuit 
LONDON -- A European consumer watchdog body is suing the world's largest
music companies for selling copy-protected compact discs that won't play
on car stereos and computers, the Belgium-based organization said on
The group, known in Dutch as Test-Aankoop and in French as Test-Achats,
said it has received more than 200 complaints from consumers who
objected to a technology that prevents consumers from making a back-up
version on a blank disc and limits playback on certain devices.
Note that we suggested a lawsuit based on fraud rather than
denial of traditional use, some time ago.  Actually, the case for denial
of traditional use
is lame, in our opinion. (Surely a vendor can sell whatever they want.
Only its
fraud to use the CD logo, since the disks don't play on to-spec players.
Similar to software: you should be able to lock it in any way you can,
but you can't
say "runs on WinBlah" if it only runs on a subset.)  Should be

@_date: 2004-01-05 18:58:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: CNN "expert" confuses stenography with steganography 
Just heard a CNN "expert" confuse stenography with steganography.
And he still thinks Jihad, Inc websites use the latter.  Doofus.

@_date: 2004-01-14 18:42:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
The FCC could consider the GNUser to be a "manufacturer", just like
the ATF does if you change the sear on your semiauto rifle or trim the
stock and barrel too much..
While they don't have the black flak jacket penache of the ATF thugs,
the FCC does enforce things if you play on the wrong bands.
Reception, of course, is a little harder to monitor :-)

@_date: 2004-01-13 01:14:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Hello BGT 
The SSNs were initially published, later removed in an incremental
withdrawl, as I recall.
I think people have not quite gotten their hands around the
speed at which information can be disseminated online.
-Monica Lewinsky, LATimes 9 may 01

@_date: 2004-01-13 01:12:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: spoofing Tomboy Ridge 
I recently asked a NYC friend if he had popped off firecrackers
in NY Square recently.  He hadn't, spoilsport.

@_date: 2004-01-13 01:12:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: spoofing Tomboy Ridge 
I recently asked a NYC friend if he had popped off firecrackers
in NY Square recently.  He hadn't, spoilsport.

@_date: 2004-01-20 18:03:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: censorship 
Mobile operators in the UK have joined forces to protect children from
adult content accessible on mobile phones
"The new code is going to make many people ask why, if the mobile people
can do it, the fixed internet people can't.
"If you have a beard, you have something to hide"
execu-pimpess dianer

@_date: 2004-01-22 17:47:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: 1st amend, compelled speech in US 
...public health officials are considering legal action to force AOL and
certain websites to warn members about...
Compelled speech is prohibited, suggesting it is treason, no matter the

@_date: 2004-01-22 18:01:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: spying on congress, by congress 
WASHINGTON -- Republican staff members of the US Senate Judiciary
Commitee infiltrated opposition computer files for a year, monitoring
secret strategy memos and periodically passing on copies to the media,
Senate officials told The Globe
"There appears to have been no hacking, no stealing, and no violation of
any Senate rule," Miranda said. "Stealing assumes a property right and
there is no property right to a government document. . . . These
documents are not covered under the Senate disclosure rule because they
are not official business and, to the extent they were disclosed, they
were disclosed inadvertently by negligent [Democratic] staff."
Whether the memos are ultimately deemed to be official business will be
a central issue in any criminal case that could result. Unauthorized
access of such material could be punishable by up to a year in prison --
or, at the least, sanction under a Senate non-disclosure rule.
The computer glitch dates to 2001, when Democrats took control of the
Senate after the defection from the GOP of Senator Jim Jeffords,
Independent of Vermont.
A technician hired by the new judiciary chairman, Patrick Leahy,
Democrat of Vermont, apparently made a mistake that allowed anyone to
access newly created accounts on a Judiciary Committee server shared by
both parties -- even though the accounts were supposed to restrict
access only to those with the right password.
An RPG a day keeps the invaders away

@_date: 2004-01-26 22:14:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Freedom to speak: Patriot act unconstitutional 
Jan 26, 4:26 PM EST
Part of Patriot Act Ruled Unconstitutional
By LINDA DEUTSCH
AP Special Correspondent
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- A federal judge has declared unconstitutional a
portion of the USA Patriot Act that bars giving expert advice or
assistance to groups designated foreign terrorist organizations.
The ruling marks the first court decision to declare a part of the
post-Sept. 11 anti-terrorism statute unconstitutional, said David Cole,
a Georgetown University law professor who argued the case on behalf of
the Humanitarian Law Project.
In a ruling handed down late Friday and made available Monday, U.S.
District Judge Audrey Collins said the ban on providing "expert advice
or assistance" is impermissibly vague, in violation of the First and
Fifth Amendments.
John Tyler, the Justice Department attorney who argued the case, had no
comment and referred calls to the department press office in Washington.
A message left there was not immediately returned.
The case before the court involved five groups and two U.S. citizens
seeking to provide support for lawful, nonviolent activities on behalf
of Kurdish refugees in Turkey.
The Humanitarian Law Project, which brought the lawsuit, said the
plaintiffs were threatened with 15 years in prison if they advised
groups on seeking a peaceful resolution of the Kurds' campaign for
self-determination in Turkey.
The judge's ruling said the law, as written, does not differentiate
between impermissible advice on violence and encouraging the use of
peaceful, nonviolent means to achieve goals.
"The USA Patriot Act places no limitation on the type of expert advice
and assistance which is prohibited and instead bans the provision of all
expert advice and assistance regardless of its nature," the judge said.
Cole declared the ruling "a victory for everyone who believes the war on
terrorism ought to be fought consistent with constitutional principles."
Of course there are limits in regards to freedom of speech.  They are as
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and
petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
Everything else is, of course, allowed.  -Sunder
Hang Ashcroft.

@_date: 2004-02-29 22:19:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Gentlemen reading mail part II 
Blix says US spied on him over Iraq
Reuters London Feb 28: Former chief United Nations weapons inspector Mr
Hans Blix said today he suspected the United States bugged his office
and home in the run-up to the Iraq war, but had no hard evidence.
Describing such behaviour as disgusting, Mr Blix told Britains
Guardian newspaper in an interview: It feels like an intrusion into
your integrity in a situation when you are actually on the same side.
His allegation came on top of a diplomatic row sparked this week when
former British minister Ms Clare Short said Britain bugged UN Secretary
General Mr Kofi Annans office as London and Washington tried but failed
to win UN backing to invade Iraq.
Mr Blix said his suspicions were raised when he had trouble with a
telephone connection at home.
It might have been something trivial or it might have been something
installed somewhere, I dont know, he said.
The Swede said he asked UN counter-surveillance teams to check his
office and home for listening devices.
If you had something sensitive to talk about you would go out into the
restaurant or out into the streets, said Mr Blix.
He said US state department envoy Mr John Wolf visited him two weeks
before the Iraq war with pictures of an Iraqi drone and a cluster bomb
that the former inspector believed could have been secured only from
within the UN weapons office.
He should not have had them. I asked him how he got them and he would
not tell me, Mr Blix said.
It could have been some staff belonging to us that handed them to the
Americans... It could also be that they managed to break into the secure
fax and got it that way, he said.
Ms Short, in government before and during the Iraq war, said on Thursday
she had seen transcripts of what she said were bugged accounts of Mr
Annans conversations. She resigned after the war.
The British Prime Minister, Mr Tony Blair accused her of being
irresponsible and of undermining intelligence services at a time when
Britain faced a threat of attack from Islamic militants.
Blair said British security services acted within domestic and
international law.
But UN spokesman Mr Fred Eckhard said Mr Annan would seek a fuller
explanation from Britain on the allegations, saying any attempt to
eavesdrop on the Secretary General was illegal and should stop as it
would violate three international treaties.
Mr Blair warned critics like Ms Short that unless they buried
differences they risked ousting his Labour Party from power as it
prepares to fight a general election expected in 2005.
Former UN secretary-general Mr Boutros Boutros-Ghali and another former
chief UN weapons inspector, Mr Richard Butler, said yesterday they
believed they had been spied on.
From the first day I entered my office they told me: beware, your
office is bugged, your residence is bugged, Mr Boutros-Ghali told the
It is a tradition that member states that have the technical capacity
to bug will do it without hesitation, he said.

@_date: 2004-02-28 06:37:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: If you doubted that history repeats... 
Agencies Finishing Warnings On Lead
Now can anyone think of another colonial empire whose capital was
to suffer from lead poisoning too?
When DC is cratered, after a few half-lives elapse, when its inhabitable
again, perhaps they'll use copper next time.

@_date: 2004-02-28 06:37:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Gentlemen don't read each others' mail 
Yep.  When a govt is caught, its a diplomatic issue.   When a tech
is caught, its death, prison, or prison followed by a trade for
similar.  Unless the tech
is recognized "embassy staff" in which case he merely has to pack his
bags pronto.
Does Annan/UN have its own counterintel group?   Are they 0wn3d by the
Not that some of the better bugs can be found by a sweep.  Anyone
remember the bursting bug in the wall-trim-that-prevents-chair-damage,
in some US State Dept
Of *course* the phones are tapped at the CO, and yes a SecPhone would
work, *except* for the room bugs, no lasers (too finicky) needed.  As is
Annan's (et al) limo and apartment.  Hell, all the luxury cars have
microphones to adjust the radio volume anyway; sometimes for noise
cancellation.  And the On-Star mic has been used to
bug folks too, from the On-Star office.  Isn't remote control great?
A trojan on wheels.  Well, the original trojan probably had wheels too.
PS: the solution for a laser-bugger
to a speaker in your double-glazed window is to find the
recording of the music used as cover, and subtract.   Takes a little
longer but there's a machine in Ft. Meade that does this real fast.
Getting the phase right is the hardest part.
The secretary will disavow any knowledge, of course.

@_date: 2004-02-27 16:19:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: FCC commisar wants to earn hanging 
NEW YORK, Feb 25 (Reuters) - U.S. regulators should consider whether
radio and television services carried by cable and satellite must adhere
to indecency standards, Federal Communications Commissioner Kevin Martin
said on Wednesday.
If the FCC can regulate the content of *private* media which one must
choose (and pay) to receive, what is to stop them from regulating the
Internet or other interstate media?   Such attempts would be a
violation of the 1st.

@_date: 2004-02-26 21:42:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: FBI above the law 
WASHINGTON (AP) - The FBI has banned its employees from taking any items
from crime scenes or evidence sites after Justice Department
investigators found that 13 agents took debris from the rubble of the
World Trade Center.
Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, said in a letter Thursday to FBI Director
Robert Mueller that there appears to be a double standard for agents
because private citizens have been prosecuted and given prison sentences
for taking items from the site.

@_date: 2004-02-26 18:01:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: The EFF Offers a Better Way Forward on File Sharing 
Quoth A. Metet:
the expectation that music ought to be free, because that is all they
have known. They see the creation of music as an inexhaustable fountain
from which they can drink as often and as long as they wish. Now that
they have gotten used to having their music for free, they won't want
to go back to paying for it.<<
Interesting that the govt and its RF licensees *created* this
With the complicity of the creators and their ASCAP et al. mafia.
Since the 30s, people "came of age" with free radio, all you have to do
is listen to the commercials, you can tape what you want, and dupe those
copies too.  Later
the same situation with TV.
The  internet did the same with e.g., news and commentary, though there
was no govt-granted slice of spectrum involved here, just the value
of eyeballs, market share in an exponentially growing population.
The development of this expectation of "free as in beer" is really an
aside to Metet's essay.
But the EFF proposal which he lauds is just an upgraded ASCAP.  What
they and
others really need to get their heads around is the Street Performer
and/or the Grateful Dead business model.

@_date: 2004-02-13 23:25:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Windows source leaked? 
I was hoping the courts would see the impossibility of proving a
and see true dissimilarities in the code as indicitive of fair play.
But other than their "sworn word", how would anyone know what they did,
except that their source differed from the original?
I hope the precedent of the IBM case and the widespread ability to
anything instantly nowadays sways an intelligent court without
programmers getting harmed.
Its rather asymmetric --open source is out there, proprietary isn't.  I
if frags of OSS code can be found in proprietary binaries.

@_date: 2004-02-13 23:13:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Windows source leaked? 
I meant there is no crime in reading anyone elses (lost) trade secrets.
I don't have time to look up the cases now
Yes I know about this.  The solution was that the engineers
worked from specs only and had never seen the code.  It was OK
if the specs were derived from reverse engineering, or in M$'s case,
a source leak.  So a cleanroom use of leaked code (Alice extracts specs,
Bob who doesn't look at the code writes to them.) would be OK.
How are you going to show that Bob read the leaked code?
There simply won't be enough similarity *even if* (I'll assert)
Bob does take a peak.  Unless he's got photographic memory in
which case he should be in Vegas.
Its mostly about employee-grabbing being bad, and writing to specs to
being ok.
An abuse perhaps, perhaps it would be noticed after the first few
uses... And one would hide or wipe or shred such files after use anyway,
good hygiene.
Essentially any program could look
Yes but what to do?  Perhaps organizations will help the sued with legal
precedents will get established that protect folks in the future.
..and goofball judges will be collected on wheelbarrows, bulldozed into
the flaming ovens..
sorry..... channelling you know who...
And surely this list is thirsty for conspiracy theories.
If someone spills the trade secret recipe for Coca Cola, its not the
case that
no one else can ever make a soda closer to Coca Cola than before.
You can sue a ham sandwich.  Sucks to be that ham sandwich though.

@_date: 2004-02-13 19:45:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Windows source leaked? 
[sent to al-q; does cypherpunks-moderated forward there?]
The horror, the horror.
If you didn't steal it, its not your problem if you read it.
I wonder
How would M$ show that you had in fact read the code?
And if you didn't copy it, why would a court care?

@_date: 2004-02-15 18:06:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Humorous Airport DoS (from cryptogram) 
For example, airports have dogs and devices for detecting the chemical
emissions from explosives.  If I took a small perfume sprayer and
filled it with nitrobenzene (used in firearm bore cleaning solvents)
and sprayed people's luggage with it as they awaited security
screening, the airport would soon be shut down due to the threat
perceived by security.  Or if I sprayed the seats in the airports
lounge or restaurant, the bomb-sniffing dogs would become butt-sniffing
dogs, to the major embarrassment of security.  This last, while
humorous, would go a long way toward discrediting the security force.

@_date: 2004-02-27 15:55:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Gentlemen don't read each others' mail 
Silly lad, the walls have ears.   And the ceilings, trimwork, light
heating ducts, etc.
Think outside the (secure) box, dude.

@_date: 2004-02-26 21:39:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Gentlemen don't read each others' mail 
============================== START ==============================
Britain Accused of Spying on U.N.'s Annan
LONDON (AP) - Britain spied on U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan in the
build up to the Iraq war, a former Cabinet minister said Thursday,
triggering yet another postwar crisis for Prime Minister Tony Blair
Gentlemen don't read each others' mail
Unless they're at war..
And we have always been at war with Oceania bin Laden

@_date: 2004-03-31 22:07:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Starbucks napkin document, Rummy's house redacted 
Pentagon's Papers Found at Starbucks
Talking points, hand-written notes on spin tactics and a hand-drawn map
to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's house were found at a local
Nice opsec there, doofus.

@_date: 2004-03-31 21:04:01
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Liquid Natural Flatulence 
RAH's main point, physical chemistry aside, was that various folks
benefit from hyperbole and/or fearmongering.  That point remains
valid, in many domains.
The only language the American people understand is dead Americans. -EC

@_date: 2004-03-31 20:55:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: DoD advisor advocates piracy 
There will be a lot of (justly) dead fishermen in that case.  When the
does piracy, or merely boards a ship, there are major snipers
on the US vessel, and the inspectors are accompanied by
well armed folks.  In addition, free-lance piracy will be a great
cover for real pirates at sea.
And of course, what's good for the US is good for everyone else.
Perhaps seagoing muslim nations will start boarding cruise lines,
looking for illegal ethanol.

@_date: 2004-03-30 17:08:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: eVoting mistakes affect race, certified anyway 
Ballot Error Effect Cited
Orange County registrar says incorrect electronic ballots may have
altered a race's outcome, but says results will be certified today.
By Jean O. Pasco
Times Staff Writer
March 30, 2004
Although some Orange County voters cast the wrong electronic ballots in
the March 2 primary, potentially altering the outcome of one race for a
Democratic Party post, Registrar Steve Rodermund said he will certify
the results of the election today.
In a report circulated late Monday to the Board of Supervisors,
Rodermund acknowledged for the first time that his office's failures
could have affected a race  and gave ammunition to critics of
electronic voting.
The report said 33 voters out of 16,655 in the 69th Assembly District
received the wrong ballots and were unable to vote for six open seats on
the Democratic Central Committee.
The candidate who finished seventh in that contest, Art Hoffman, trailed
sixth-place candidate Jim Pantone in the final count by 13 votes.
However, 99.7% of Orange County ballots were cast properly in the
primary, Rodermund will tell supervisors today before certifying the
election results to the secretary of state.
Fuck democracy, we've got money to spend!

@_date: 2004-03-29 16:50:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Louisiana cops needing killing 
NEW ORLEANS -- It's a groundbreaking court decision that legal experts
say will affect everyone: Police officers in Louisiana no longer need a
search or arrest warrant to conduct a brief search of your home or
Leaders in law enforcement say it will keep officers safe, but others
argue it's a privilege that could be abused.
The decision in United States v. Kelly Gould, No. 0230629cr0, was made
March 24 by the New Orleans-based 5th Circuit Court of Appeals.
The ruling stems from a lawsuit filed in Denham Springs in 2000, in
which a defendant filed a motion to supress information gleaned from a
search of his home. The motion was granted by a district court, and the
government appealed this decision. The March 24 ruling by the 5th
Circuit is an affirmation of that appeal.
New Orleans Police Department spokesman Capt. Marlon Defillo said the
new power will go into effect immediately.
"We have to have a legitimate problem to be there in the first place,
and if we don't, we can't conduct the search," Defillo said.
But former U.S. Attorney Julian Murray said the ruling is problematic.
"I think it goes way too far," Murray said, noting that the searches can
be performed if an officer fears for his safety.
Defillo said he doesn't envision any problems in New Orleans.
"There are checks and balances to make sure the criminal justce system
works in an effective manner," Defillo said.

@_date: 2004-03-29 07:40:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Official notice for all e-gold users 
the "all your dinars turn to toilet paper" attack on folks who have lots
of cash.  Ie,
exchange your old currency for new (or check your egold account).
Meanwhile these transactions are *monitored*, providing the IRS and DEA
(etc) with new leads.  Or in the case of egold, traceable IP routes.

@_date: 2004-03-29 07:33:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Mobile Wifi Backpack 
At 11:28 AM 3/27/04 +0100, Eugen Leitl forwarded:
Simple.  Screwing people found within a larger radius.  See "toothing"
in the UK.

@_date: 2004-03-26 22:53:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Bush Regime Bitch-Slapped By WTO 
The World Trade Organization, in its first decision on an
Internet-related dispute, has ignited a political, cultural and legal
tinderbox by ruling that the United States policy prohibiting online
gambling violates international trade law.
The ruling, issued by a W.T.O. panel on Wednesday, is being hailed by
operators of online casinos based overseas as a major victory that could
force America to liberalize laws outlawing their business.
But the Bush administration vowed to appeal the decision, and several
members of Congress said they would rather have an international trade
war or withdraw from future rounds of the World Trade Organization than
have American social policy dictated from abroad.
I'll wager 10 credits that Mushareff is dead before Bush is out of D.C.

@_date: 2004-03-26 18:18:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Blue-suited and Green-suited goons 
Sounds like a good argument to make being a missionary or other
cultural vector a capital crime, for national security reasons.

@_date: 2004-03-25 20:54:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: no photography, no questions, no rights 
should get
In practice, because markets are robust, and anonymity not so hard, yes.
However this is a classic case of the State using *violence* to
(wrongly) prohibit
behavior which is in fact protected.
You *don't* have a right to take pictures inside *my* walls if its
prohibited, since
its private property.   In my house or store, I can call for the State's
against you if you do things I don't consent to.
But on public land, or from a private building in the area, no one
the State's twerps like Anderson III) can prohibit such behavior,
as there is no right to privacy in public.
Excellent (and 'punkly) point about the market for information, though.
PS: I'd say the Streisand vs. Coastal Photographer lawsuit was a good
example of someone trying to abuse the State's violence by convincing
it that the Photog was somehow doing a wrong.  In that case the
Judge correctly decided that Streisand was full of shit.

@_date: 2004-03-25 01:20:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: how do you say "All your royalties are belong to us" in Navajo? 
Appeals Court Lets Interior Computers Back Online, Despite Judge's
Security Concerns
By Robert Gehrke
Associated Press Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Interior Department will go back online after an
appeals court Wednesday blocked a judge's ruling that ordered most of
the department's computers disconnected from the Internet.
It took the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
just three hours to grant the government's request to restore the
Interior's Internet access. It had been shut down since March 15 to
protect money owed to American Indians from computer hackers.
The shutdown disrupted public's access to Interior Department Web pages,
land managers' communications, disbursement of mineral royalties to
states, and education of children in Bureau of Indian Affairs schools.
Interior Secretary Gale Norton said she was pleased with the appeals
court decision and will continue pushing for a permanent reversal of the
Internet shutdown.
"Meanwhile, tonight we have begun to restore our Internet connections
across all impacted agencies of the department and will work quickly to
restore them to pre-March 15 levels," she said.
U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth ordered the shutdown after the
Interior Department failed to show it had fixed security problems that
left vulnerable to Internet security breaches millions of dollars in
royalties from oil, gas, timber and grazing activities on American
Indian lands.

@_date: 2004-03-25 01:09:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: the gestapo & the inquisition 
The abuse called the grand jury has been detailed here before.  The fun
Mar 24, 2004
Attorneys to Argue Palestinian Activist Suffers From Mental Problems
The Associated Press
CHICAGO (AP) - Attorneys for a Palestinian activist jailed for refusing
to testify before a grand jury investigating the militant group Hamas
said Wednesday they intend to argue the man suffers from mental problems
that prevent him from understanding court orders.
Abdelhaleem Hasan Abdelraziq Ashqar, a former college professor from
Alexandria, Va., was indicted on charges of criminal contempt after he
refused to testify before a grand jury investigating fund-raising
activities on behalf of Hamas.

@_date: 2004-03-23 05:11:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: MannWorld vs. BrinWorld 
Seconded, Harmon.  CP has long included privacy (ie control, aka
infosec) as a topic.  And the use and abuse of wireless tracker^H^H^H^H
(and what they will morph into) is a legit socio-tech topic which can
draw heavily on crypto.
And the other thread, s*veillance (ie reverse-panopticon) is completely
on target.
Again, the core idea being privacy.    Something for which crypto was
Keep 'em coming Bob.

@_date: 2004-03-23 00:09:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: before CALEA 
"Once, our national office in Washington called the phone company to say
they couldn't pay the bill," said Bill Crandell, a writer who lives in
Silver Spring, Md. "They were told, 'Don't worry, it's being paid.'
It was Nixon's spooks paying the phone bill for Kerry's antiwar group.
Meanwhile he realizes that the only reason he was
over there in the first place was so we could
install a government that would sell us oil at a
good price. And of course the oil companies use
the little skirmish to scare up oil prices. It's
a cute little ancillary benefit for them, but it
ain't helping my buddy at two-fifty a gallon.
Good Will Hunting

@_date: 2004-03-17 19:02:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: uncomfortable suspicion: french fending off US PKI domination 
COMPUTER SECURITY
French Move To Fend Off U.S. Domination
 With some help from Germany, the French are discreetly seeking an
alternative to U.S. domination of the field of computer authentication
systems and security (Public Key Infrastructure: [...]  [ 617 words
5,5USD ]
The jist is that Infrasec will be replacing Verislime for the French,
Versign being the "object of uncomfortable suspicion"

@_date: 2004-03-15 19:02:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: All your Ohioans are belong to us 
Report: Ohio Sold Records To Fla. Database Company For $50K
POSTED: 6:56 pm EST March 14, 2004
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- The state Bureau of Motor Vehicles sold driving
records of Ohioans for about $50,000 to a Florida company developing a
multistate crime database program, according to a report.
The program, called Matrix, lets states share information and
cross-reference the data with up to 20 billion records in databases held
by Seisint Inc., a private company based in Boca Raton, Fla.
Bureau of Motor Vehicles spokeswoman Julie Hinds told The Columbus
Dispatch that Seisint paid Ohio $50,073 between October 2002 and
December 2003.
Hinds said the company signed an agreement not to misuse the
Twelve states that had expressed interest or were involved in the
program have pulled out. Connecticut, Michigan, Florida and Pennsylvania
are still participating.
A spokesman for state Attorney General Jim Petro, who supports the
system, said the information Ohio is sharing is already available to law
"There's nothing novel here. It's just the speed at which it's done,"
said James V. Canepa, chief deputy attorney general.
The records include details on property, boats and Internet domain names
that people own, their address history, utility connections,
bankruptcies, liens and business filings, according to an August report
by the Georgia state Office of Homeland Security.
The American Civil Liberties Union has complained that the system,
formally known as Multistate Anti-Terrorism Information Exchange, could
be used by state and federal investigators to compile dossiers on people
who have never been suspected of a crime.
Seisint officials have said safeguards are built into the system to
prevent such abuses.
Ohio and other states have been given releases stating they won't be
liable for mistakes if data from the system contain errors.
The ACLU has filed a number of public records requests in Ohio and other
states to get more details.
"Accuracy on this seems to be poor at best," said Carrie Davis, an
attorney with the ACLU of Ohio. "We have no idea what these records
Gov. Bob Taft is reviewing to what extent Ohio should be involved.
"We are reviewing various legal issues and also long-term cost
implications," Taft spokesman Orest Holubec said.

@_date: 2004-03-14 18:15:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Return of the homebrew coder 
Software is also still in the "craft" stage where the designers actually
do the
building, in some cases.  Know any architects that can handle an
The article doesn't address the real reason that lone software artisans
(and small software businesses) can still exist: there are niches too
small for Microsoft,
not sexy enough for a squad of Open Source Gooncoders to replicate your
work for free.
Life in the 21st century feels like being a proto-mammal 65Mya, do not
get squashed by the monster lizards nor noticed by the hungry others.
Small, quick, furry, that's us.  Sometimes it gets cold, the lizards
can't move
fast enough, so we eat them.  Last two sentences sound like something Al
could say :-)

@_date: 2004-03-09 15:06:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Posse What?  -the neofascists 
9 Mar 2004 04:00 GMT WSJ(3/9)Is Military Creeping Into Domestic Law
Copyright  2004, Dow Jones Newswires
   (From THE WALL STREET JOURNAL)
   By Robert Block and Gary Fields
IN A LITTLE-NOTICED side effect of the war on terrorism, the military is
edging toward a sensitive area that has been off-limits to it
historically: domestic intelligence gathering and law enforcement.
Several recent incidents involving the military have raised concern
among student and civil-rights groups. One was a visit last month by an
Army intelligence agent to an official at the University of Texas law
school in Austin. The agent demanded a videotape of a recent academic
conference at the school so that he could identify what he described as
"three Middle Eastern men" who had made "suspicious" remarks to Army
lawyers at the seminar, according to the official, Susana Aleman, the
dean of student affairs.
The Army, while not disputing that the visit took place, declined to
comment, saying the incident is under investigation.
Last year, the Office of Naval Intelligence, the nation's primary source
of global maritime intelligence, demanded access to the U.S. Customs
Service's database on maritime trade, saying it needed information to
thwart potential terrorist activity. Customs officials initially
resisted the Navy's demands but eventually agreed to give naval
intelligence much of what it wanted.
In an interview earlier this month, U.S. Customs and Border Protection
chief Robert C. Bonner said he shares data only after getting Navy
assurances that the information won't be abused. Navy spokesman Jon
Spiers says the Office of Naval Intelligence first approached customs
about sharing inbound foreign cargo information in December 2002, and he
denies there is anything improper about the request. The agency "has not
overstepped any authority or crossed the line dividing law enforcement
from military operations," he says.
Lt. Spiers adds that when the Navy's top spy agency gains access to data
about American companies and individuals, the information will be
"subjected to a meticulous legal review" and will be retained only if it
is directly related to the agency's mission to identify potential
foreign threats.
In another sign of military interest in domestic information-gathering,
the Defense Intelligence Agency's new antiterrorism task force is
looking to share information with law-enforcement officials in
California and New York City, according to an August 2003 General
Accounting Office report.
Historically, Americans haven't trusted the military to do domestic
police work. The 1878 Posse Comitatus Act, passed in response to abuses
by federal troops in the South after the Civil War, prohibits the use of
the military "to execute the laws" of the U.S. That's been widely
interpreted as a ban on searching, arresting or spying on U.S. civilians
by federal troops.
But the law has been violated, notably during the Vietnam War, when Army
operatives spied on antiwar activists on campuses. Meanwhile, Congress
has eased the law's limits to allow the military to help prosecute the
war on drugs.
After the Sept. 11 attacks, the White House sought to further loosen
restrictions to allow the military to take on a new domestic-security
role. It has mostly been rebuffed. In May the House refused to approve a
White House-backed proposal to give the Central Intelligence Agency and
the military authority to scrutinize personal and business records of
U.S. citizens. And the Senate last year blocked funding for a Pentagon
project known as the Total Information Awareness program, which was
supposed to collect a vast array of information on individuals,
including medical, employment and credit-card histories.
The issue of an expanding military role in domestic affairs also
surfaced last year with the Pentagon's creation of the Northern Command,
or Northcom, based in Colorado Springs, Colo. The new command, the first
such military command designed to protect the U.S. homeland from a
terrorist attack, has responsibility for the U.S, Canada, Mexico,
portions of the Caribbean and U.S. coastal waters. Northcom's commander,
Gen. Ralph "Ed" Eberhart, is the first general since the Civil War with
operational authority exclusively over military forces within the U.S.
Gen. Eberhart has stoked concern among civil-liberties advocates by
saying that the military and civilians should be involved in developing
"actionable intelligence" for the government. In September 2002, he told
a group of National Guardsmen that the military and the National Guard
should "change our radar scopes" to prevent terrorism. It is important
to "not just look out, but we're also going to have to look in," he
said, adding, "we can't let culture and the way we've always done it
stand in the way."
Northcom officials and other military leaders play down his remarks. "No
one ran out after that speech and started snooping," one official says.
Gen. Eberhart echoed that last September on PBS's "News Hour": "We are
not going to be out there spying on people, " he said, though he added,
"we get information from people who do."
Further evidence of the blurring of the lines between the civilian and
military worlds comes in a job-vacancy notice for a senior
counterintelligence advisor to Northcom. The duties, according to the
notice, include providing advice that goes beyond potential terrorism to
include "other major criminal activity, such as drug cartels and
large-scale money laundering" -- work usually under the purview of the
Drug Enforcement Administration, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and
the Secret Service.
Another little-known Pentagon group, the Counterintelligence Field
Activity, was set up two years ago. With 400 service members and
civilians stationed around the globe, the CIFA was originally charged
with protecting the military and critical infrastructure from spying by
terrorists and foreign intelligence services. But in August, Paul
Wolfowitz, the deputy defense secretary, issued a directive ordering the
unit to maintain a "domestic law-enforcement database that includes
information related to potential terrorist threats directed against the
Department of Defense."
The CIFA also works closely with the FBI and is conducting some duties
for civilian agencies. For example, according to Department of
Agriculture documents, the CIFA is in charge of doing background checks
on foreign workers and scientists employed by the department's
agricultural-research service. The group also provides information to
the Information and Security Command, or Inscom, the Army's main
intelligence organization, based at Fort Belvoir, Md.
The Army intelligence agent who investigated the law-school conference
was assigned to Inscom. Army officials reviewing the Texas incident
concede that the agent may have overstepped his boundaries and should
have tried to win the voluntary cooperation of the faculty and students.
But they say that he was reacting to a possible counterintelligence
threat to the military. It isn't clear why there were Army lawyers at
the conference in the first place, though some officials say the
attorneys wanted to learn more about Muslim traditions and Islamic law.
Civil-rights advocates are skeptical. Robert Pugsley, professor of law
at the Southwestern University School of Law in Los Angeles, says the
Texas incident is "a chilling example" of the military's overreaching.
"It'll multiply like fleas on a dog" if left unchecked, he says.
"What we are starting to see is 50 years of legal refinement and
revisions for oversight being quietly jettisoned," adds Steven
Aftergood, an intelligence policy specialist at the Federation of
American Scientists, a nonprofit, left-leaning think tank in Washington.
But James Carafano, a policy analyst with the Heritage Foundation in
Washington, says he believes the military has honored posse comitatus.
His concern is that hard distinctions have been created between who has
jurisdiction in homeland defense versus homeland security. It's
distinctions terrorists might exploit, he says. "We may potentially be
creating vulnerabilities."
(END) Dow Jones Newswires
March 08, 2004 23:00 ET (04:00 GMT)

@_date: 2004-03-09 15:01:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Coin flip nonrandom 
Science News Online
Week of Feb. 28, 2004; Vol. 165, No. 9
Toss Out the Toss-Up: Bias in heads-or-tails
Erica Klarreich
If you want to decide which football team takes the ball first or who
gets the larger piece of
cake, the fairest thing is to toss a coin, right? Not necessarily.
A new mathematical analysis suggests that coin tossing is inherently
biased: A coin is more likely
to land on the same face it started out on.
"I don't care how vigorously you throw it, you can't toss a coin
fairly," says Persi Diaconis, a
statistician at Stanford University who performed the study with Susan
Holmes of Stanford and
Richard Montgomery of the University of California, Santa Cruz.
In 1986, mathematician Joseph Keller, now an emeritus professor at
Stanford, proved that one
fair way to toss a coin is to throw it so that it spins perfectly around
a horizontal axis through the
coin's center.
Such a perfect toss would require superhuman precision. Every other
possible toss is biased,
according to an analysis described on Feb. 14 in Seattle at the annual
meeting of the American
Association for the Advancement of Science.
The researchers' logic goes like this. At the opposite extreme from
Keller's perfect toss is a
completely biased toss, in which the coin stays flat while in the air.
Since the coin never actually
flips, it is guaranteed to land on the same face that it started out on.
Between the perfectly spinning toss and the flat toss lies a continuum
of other possibilities, in
which the coin spins around a tilted axis, precessing like an
old-fashioned children's top. Each of
these possibilities is biased, the team found. The bias is most
pronounced when the flip is close
to being a flat toss. For a wide range of possible spins, the coin never
flips at all, the team
In experiments, the researchers were surprised to find that it's
difficult to tell from watching a
coin whether it has flipped. A coin toss typically takes just half a
second, with the circumference
of the coin whizzing around at 3 meters per second. What's more, the
coin's spin makes it
wobble, often creating the illusion that the coin has flipped.
"Sometimes we had the complete impression that the coin had turned over
when it really hadn't,"
Holmes says.
Magicians and charlatans may take advantage of this illusion. Keller
observes, "Some people
can throw the coin up so that it just wobbles but looks to the observer
as if it is turning over." To
see whether the predicted bias shows up in actual coin tosses, the team
made movies of tossed
coins and then calculated the axes of spin.
Their preliminary data suggest that a coin will land the same way it
started about 51 percent of
the time. It would take about 10,000 tosses before a casual observer
would become aware of
such a small bias, Diaconis says. "Maybe that's why society hasn't
noticed this before," he says.
This slight bias pales when compared with that of spinning a coin on its
edge. A spinning penny
will land as tails about
80 percent of the time, Diaconis says, because the extra material on the
head side shifts the
center of mass slightly.
During World War II, South African mathematician John Kerrich carried
out 10,000 coin tosses
while interned in a German prison camp. However, he didn't record which
side the coin started
on, so he couldn't have discovered the kind of bias the new analysis
brings out.
Says David Aldous, a statistician at the University of California,
Berkeley, "This is a good lesson
that even in simple things that people take for granted, there may be
unexpected subtleties."
          If you have a comment on this article that you would like
considered for
          publication in Science News, send it to
editors Please
          include your name and location.
To subscribe to Science News (print), go to
 subServices.asp.
To sign up for the free weekly e-LETTER from Science News, go to
Diaconis, P. 2004. The search for randomness. American Association for
the Advancement of
Science annual meeting. Feb. 14. Seattle.
Further Readings:
Keller, J.B. 1986. The probability of heads. American Mathematical
Peterson, I. 2004. Heads or tails? Science News Online (Feb. 28).
Available at
David Aldous
Department of Statistics
University of California, Berkeley
367 Evans Hall
Berkeley, CA 94720-3860
Persi Diaconis
Department of Statistics
Stanford University
Stanford, CA 94305-4065
Susan P. Holmes
Department of Statistics
Stanford University
Stanford, CA 94305-4065
Joseph B. Keller
Stanford University
Department of Mathematics
Stanford, CA 94305-2125
Richard Mongomery
Department of Mathematics
University of California , Santa Cruz
1156 High Street
Santa Cruz, CA 95064
From Science News, Vol. 165, No. 9, Feb. 28, 2004, p. 131.
Copyright (c) 2004 Science Service. All rights reserved.

@_date: 2004-03-04 16:51:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: FLA to use fingerprint scanners on schoolbusses 
The Pinellas school system is ready to approve a new technology that
uses student fingerprints to keep track of who is riding school buses.
Beginning in the fall, the fingerprint system would identify students as
they board and leave. The goal is to ensure they are getting on the
right bus and getting off at the right stop.
School officials say the $2-million project will save money and
dramatically improve safety for students, whose fingerprints will serve
as authorization to board and disembark.
If the School Board approves the proposal March 9, Pinellas will become
one of four Florida school districts in the process of implementing
Global Positioning Systems with a student-tracking system.
"This is Management 101 in transportation. Now we will have good,
factual information that we can use in a very timely manner to make our
services as good as humanly possible," said Terry Palmer, the district's
transportation director.
But some parents and national organizations are concerned about the
implications of fingerprinting 45,000 bus riders, some as young as 5.
"This is probably a really good idea, but in my mind it was just this
terrible feeling, like they're watching my kids wherever they go," said
Nancy McKibben, mother of three teenagers at Palm Harbor University High
School and president of the school's PTSA.
Critics say programs of this nature raise significant privacy concerns
and teach students at a young age to accept what amounts to a "Big
Brother" surveillance society.
"We are conditioning these children to understand that they have no
personal space, no personal privacy," said Barry Steinhardt, director of
the American Civil Liberties Union's Program on Technology and Liberty.

@_date: 2004-03-04 16:41:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Medical insurers checking terrorist list 
Some Insurers Checking Provider Lists for Terrorists
     Joyce Frieden
     Associate Editor, Practice Trends
Insurance plans say they now must cross-reference lists of business
partnersincluding providersagainst a federal list of known or
suspected terrorists.
As a result of an executive order issued shortly after Sept. 11, 2001,
many health plans say that they are now required to compare their
provider, member, and applicant lists with a list of potential
terrorists maintained by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign
Control (OFAC).
If we didn't have to do it, we probably wouldn't, said Helen Stojic,
spokeswoman for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan, which is matching
the names on the OFAC list against its database of 4.8 million members
and 20,000 providers. [But] we did not see it as something that was
Other plans that are checking member and provider databases with the
OFAC list include Cigna and Aetna US Healthcare. So far, none of
those three plans has found any matches to the list.
The executive order states that any transaction or dealing by United
States persons or within the United States in property  blocked
pursuant to this order is prohibited, including but not limited to the
making or receiving  of funds, goods, or services to or for the benefit
those persons listed by the government. Because there was some
confusion about whether the order applied to health insurers, the
Association of Health Plans-Health Insurance Association of America
sought more information from the Treasury Department.
The Treasury Department sent back an informal guidance document
explaining that the executive order applies to government agencies and
private companies including health plans and insurers and that one
method for health plans and insurers to comply is to search their
to see if there are any individuals or businesses that match the names
on the OFAC list.
If a plan does receive an insurance application from someone on the
list, it is obligated not to issue the policy, and if it has
already issued a policy to a person on the list, plan officials are
supposed to contact the Treasury Department.
Although the document did not say that comparing lists was the only way
to find out if an insurer is doing business with a suspected terrorist,
I haven't heard of any other method, Ms. Stojic said.
The federal government is not alone in requiring health insurers to
comply with the executive order, noted Fred Laberge, spokesman for Aetna
US Healthcare, in Hartford, Conn. We've seen similar requests from
state departments of insurance saying, We've seen this executive order;
demonstrate that you're complying with it. Florida and New York are
among the states that have made these requests, he said.
Since member and provider lists change constantly, the cross-referencing
will be ongoing, plans say. It includes scanning of our databases
on a periodic basis to screen new customers and transactions on the OFAC
list, said Cigna spokeswoman Amy Turkington.
Plans say these checks do not compromise any personal health information
or raise any privacy concerns under the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).
We're not sharing any information about our members beyond checking the
list of names, said Aetna's Mr. Laberge. Private medical
information is not even being looked at or asked about.
Still, civil libertarians are not happy with the order. We know that
databases are filled with errors, said Virginia Rezmierski, Ph.D., of
school of public policy at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. If a
patient's account is mistakenly frozen because he or she is thought to
on the OFAC list, what does that do to someone getting ready to have a
Checking names against the OFAC list is not as bad as using claims data
to do the same thing, Dr. Rezmierski said. However, by
approaching terrorism and deterrence of it in this way, we've
effectively thrown out the entire notion of innocent till proven guilty.
We are now
guilty until there's no match. Instead of going from knowledge about the
behavior of an individual and having cause to do this violation, we're
violating everyone.
Jay Stanley, communications director for the technology and liberty
program at the American Civil Liberties Union, said he was concerned
this is part of an overall trend of the government enlisting private
individuals and companies into its information-gathering and enforcement
Obviously, it's a good thing if no one does business with true
terrorists, Mr. Stanley said. But the problem is that there are no
guidelines for due process in how one gets placed on these lists.
Mistakes have been rife, especially when you are talking about Arab
 which have to be translated into a different alphabet.
Mr. Stanley noted that such lists are set up primarily to prevent
terrorists from laundering money through unsuspecting American
As far as I can tell, nobody uses health insurance to launder money.
There are basic questions that need to be asked about the cost and
benefit of targeting here.
February 2004  Volume 32  Number 2
login: cypherpunks/writecode

@_date: 2004-03-01 23:49:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Brinworld: cellphone as cuecat [privacy, orwell] 
A benign use of G3 cell-cams: as UPC scanners + Priceline.
A bit of a privacy concern unless you use prepaid phones.
How many years until folks can snap pictures of kids, or arabs,
and send them to some Kidnap / FatherlandSecurity site for review?
The location of the cellphone camera, of course, will be
automatically sent.
New camera phone software is mobile shopping guide
Comparison shopping online has become a consumer pastime. And people
love taking pictures with camera phones. Charles Fritz wants to combine
the activities.
His idea: Let people use their camera phones to scan bar codes and
immediately get price or other product information wherever they are.

@_date: 2004-03-01 02:36:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Gentlemen reading mail part II 
Hans is either being coy or naif.    Of course he wasn't on our side;
he was after the facts, not revenge, or colonialism.
One wonders about the mindset of the UN folks.  Don't they realize
they are 0wn3d?   Or at least herded?   Perhaps I underestimate
the human capacity for idealism, or gullibility.
In any case, it should be clear why the US 'tolerates' the UN
and planted its HQ in NYC.  A fine source of PR sometimes,
and a good source of intel other times.  Rather tough for the
UN counterintel force I imagine.
PS: what's the price of gas masks in Athens these days?
BWM says interplanetary roadside assistance is "dodgy", but lets see
do a firmware update to a dead car a few hundred million miles away.

@_date: 2004-03-02 00:30:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Gentlemen reading mail part II (opsec review) 
Or implement other dead-man switch type plans.
Gonna fly the week the feds announce they've caught Osama?

@_date: 2004-03-02 00:25:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Gentlemen reading mail part II (opsec review) 
Excellent point.
My advice re parks and CI driving is for Annan.  Who knows he's
watched and doesn't worry about the Hole.
Its not for someone who is wondering whether they're watched, and
has reason to, and doesn't want to tip their suspicions yet.

@_date: 2004-03-01 18:01:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Gentlemen reading mail part II (opsec review) 
Sunder's suggestion of introducing information and watching for their
response is good, though the Adversary will not respond if they're
smart and they're watching you for something more important.
(What was that Brit town sacrificed so the Germans wouldn't know
the codes were broken?  Starts with "C"...)
In order to avoid places with ears (and "homeless" people with
mics, see _Enemy of the State_) go to a park that you haven't been to
before.  And perform the usual CI driving maneuvres (see that Tomlinson
book _The Big Breach_ for a description.. lets just say that a few
sudden right turns can be useful) on the way.
Or perhaps given GPS gizmos, take a bus.  Leave your cell phone at home,
or better, send it through the mail (left on) to yourself :-)
Only amateurs attack machines; professionals target people.
Bruce Schneier
The ultimate in paranoia is not when everyone is against you but
when everything is against you.  P.K.Dick

@_date: 2004-03-04 16:49:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: How Tiny Swiss Cellphone Chips Helped Track Global Terror Web 
And that, boys and girls, is what traffic analysis is about.  You don't
need to know the surname of the endpoint of a communication to
know that said endpoint is interesting.
Also, of course, Al's mistake of thinking that the handset is the
endpoint, instead of the SIM.
Internet-broadcast stego is best if you don't have a courier and a
See you in Athens

@_date: 2004-03-07 16:56:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Earthlink to Test Caller ID for E-Mail 
Correct.  Think of pseudonymity as a persistant endpoint of a
which thanks to (PK-verifiable) persistance can accrue reputation.
An anonymous endpoint is necessarily ephemeral.
Sure you will, if the groceries are in front of you, and the purchase or
possession of some of them you don't want associated with anything.
In this case the reputation of the grocer and/or your ability to assay
groceries (in meatspace) suffice.

@_date: 2004-03-09 15:57:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Evidence is clear: Videos convict 
A movie has been made about this. I think it took place in the
white house, and a prostitute was killed.  (spoiler next)
in the movie the cg boys missed a reflection.  Details, details.

@_date: 2004-03-11 17:14:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: J.P. Morgan Is Facing Heat Of Patriot Act 
Kawalah, isn't that a terrorist tool? ;-)
If it isn't already, it will be declared one.  Unlicenced transfers over
get you a discrete military tribunal, after detention incommunicado,
charges, of course.  Cuba really is nice this time of year.
Moving money between people will require government-licensed
(ie 0wn3d) intermediary, much like moving handguns (or pharmaceuticals)
inside various States.
The next time Ashcroft [1] gets a hard-on for gambling | drugs |  porn |
arabs, e-gold systems will see major hasslement ranging from frozen
or confiscated subscribers assets to the latest in Raytheon's precision
of the V-2 delivered to their doorstep.  No extra charge for nighttime
[1] Hey, at least that bastard Bennett would have been soft on gambling,
given his addiction, not that such innumeracy redeems the slow painful
death he earned.
 "They keep talking about drafting a Constitution for Iraq. Why don't we
give them ours? It was written by a lot of really smart guys, it's
worked for
over 200 years, and Hell, we're not using it anymore."
-Jay Leno

@_date: 2004-03-10 19:49:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: J.P. Morgan Is Facing Heat Of Patriot Act 
This is how the US intimidates such that the USG can monitor
all transactions.  A serious practical problem for e$ when it
needs to interface to atoms.
The python says to the goat in its coils: relax, exhale...
A tentacle grows another sucker.

@_date: 2004-03-14 12:36:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: inverse finding 
I dunno, why don't you think about it some?
How are you going to land a sweet outsourced job
if you ask others to do your homework?

@_date: 2004-03-14 12:56:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Ideas for an opensource Skype lookalike (fwd from 
At 12:45 PM 3/13/04 +0100, Eugen Leitl FORWARDED:
RSA (ie persistant keys) may be an option but MUST NOT be
required, for secrecy reasons as mentioned.  (At worst RSA keys
can be used once, then discarded.  Lots of primes out there :-)
Also, this is *voice*, ie biometric auth,
so public-key-web-o-trust verislime scam is
unnecessary at best.  (Although for ringing up a business it
might be a useful redundancy in case you misdial, and if there
are introducers more trusted and perhaps liable than verislime)
Get Real Networks or AOL or M$ to bundle a free, open secphone with
their regular
products.  In AOL case you can exploit their "buddy" (aka traffic
analysis) system
for your directory services.
I bet its suggested monthly.  And shot down by managers who have been
shown photos of their personal indiscretions taken by spooks.
One could always implement a brand new
We don't give a flying fuck as to which shiny new algorithm you use,
although were we a graph theory wonk, we might care.
but it would be much easier to rely from the very beginning upon
What the NAT world (yawn) needs is free registry services exploitable by
protocol.  Those NAT-users with RSA-clue can sign their registry entry.
Net was a smaller place in 95.  A '95 machine didn't have MIPS to burn.
Not so many broadband nodes.  Bush was just an airhead redneck governor,
a rabid Caesar.

@_date: 2004-03-18 23:29:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: chatroom conversation turing computable 
I think its easily (if crudely) simulated thusly:
All you need is another kidbot which is 1. not controlled
by the adversary 2. eventually uses keywords that trigger the
kidbot.  (Maybe the adversary waits for pictures before triggering?)
All in all, fine AI games one can contemplate.
One could also set up IRCs with kidbots and pedobots, in a
highly verbal and abstract game of Spot the Feds.
Robowars for counter-intel folks :-)
Sounds entertaining but we are busy getting ready the little boxes
that say "fear" in greek.

@_date: 2004-03-29 08:03:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Sttop Spreading Hatred 
True so far   Well, al-qaeda.net is a DNS record, and the list includes
social issues related to crypto-related tech, but lets start off by
giving you the point.
activites of
Sorry, but the prefix "Real" is the intellectual property of an IRA (tm)
spinoff in this
context.  Our lawyers will be contacting you.
The name al-qaeda is, I suspect, more or less
and at the least (or perhaps the most) a head-nod at some
Getting pretty heavy there Tyler
Ever consider that it might be a *reminder* that if isn't good enough
Osama, its not good enough for you?
However, there does not
Everyone, search your wallet for official Al Q membership cards.
(I suppose female members may have trouble telling if its themselves
under the scarves on the ID.. except for the Florida branch of Al Q)
and wanna-be individuals
What binds us together (if
*Way* too specific dude.  Also interested in opsec generally.  (All your
crypto is belong to us if I can get to your machine..)  Communications
can be
smoke signals.  (Would that be optical comms?)  Or the positions of
in a deck.   Or the positions of hands in a shipment of watches.
Another thing that seems to bind us (and again
What the fuck are you ingesting tonight?  "extreme tolerance to
opinions"??  Its only because it would be self-parodying that
accusations of nazihood don't fly.  Even with Tim gone, praise be unto
On the other hand, in our better moods we try to educate each other.
Not here.
If you've been getting this kind of cameldung *personally*, this is yet
another reward
of using a 1-way pseudonym.
There is no god and Murphy is his prophet.

@_date: 2004-03-24 18:37:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [osint] Martha's lesson - don't talk to the FBI 
Worthy of
Its a sign of John's early Alzheimers, when he lets his wealthwrath
get in the way of his one-time pristine appreciation of civil liberties.
"The two enemies of the people are criminals and government, so
let us tie the second down with the chains of the constitution so the
second will not become the legalized version of the first."
Thos. Jefferson

@_date: 2004-03-24 18:28:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [osint] Martha's lesson - don't talk to the FBI 
Because she got charged with *lying*  to a fed when she
was *not* under oath.
The lesson is real.  The ordinary pig on the street --not just a fed--
can lie
to you, and bust you if you return the favor.
*You* of all people should know this.  Perhaps you're too
impressed by sharp suits and polite haircuts.
I don't give a rat's pastel ass about Stewart (or Padilla, etc), except
a citizen, which pretty much means fodder for the gestapo
these days.
The only reason to speak to feds or cold-calling police is
counter intel, learn what they're interested in.  And then publish that.
With faces if acquired.
Got Osama?

@_date: 2004-03-25 17:16:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: corporate vs. state, TD's education 
Get this through your head: a corporation can't initiate force against
You may not like their product, practices, or price, but no one is
coercing you at gunpoint.
The state, on the other hand, is entirely based on coercion.
If you can't appreciate this, you'll be hopelessly inconsistant.
PS: you are a corporation, I am a corporation, together we could
be a corporation, with 100K others we could be too.  Doesn't
matter; all have the same rights to act, and be left alone.
a set
The state can legitimately only use taxpayers' armies to defend citizens
in the
country, not other countries, not its perceived-by-some self-interest,
corporations.  All the oil colonialism is illegitimate for that reason,
as well
as illegal as Congress has not declared war.

@_date: 2004-03-25 17:27:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: no photography, no questions, no rights 
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- On the eve of grand jury proceedings in the Michael
Jackson molestation case, the presiding judge of the Santa Barbara
courts barred pictures or communication with any prospective or final
panelists, or grand jury witnesses.
Superior Court Judge Clifford R. Anderson III did not mention Jackson's
name in his order Wednesday, but acknowledged a grand jury summoned this
week "has created significant media and public interest."
The order threatens to hold in contempt anyone who communicates with a
juror, prospective grand juror or witness - or reveals secret testimony.
It also prohibits photography of jurors or prospective jurors entering
and exiting the courthouse and "any other facility or property utilized
by the grand jury."
Media lawyers immediately protested, calling the order "overbroad and
unconstitutional prohibition of activity protected under the First
Amendment and California law." They said the courthouse and its environs
have long been recognized as a public forum.
"I've not seen an order so broad and so sweeping," said attorney
Theodore J. Boutrous Jr., who represents several media organizations
including The Associated Press.
In the Brinworld of Phonecams this is a nice challenge for the
Fuck you, Anderson III

@_date: 2004-03-26 05:43:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: corporate vs. state 
are you liable for that act?
Excellent question.  The gestap^H^H^H^H Feds think you are --membership
in a group, some of the members of which perform violence, can get
you RICOd etc.  A rather clever form of intimidation on their part,
don't you think?
Of course, the reverse might also be applied.  Your ordinary govt clerk
might be
liable for the actions of her employer.
Is "just following orders" a legit defense?

@_date: 2004-03-25 22:42:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: corporate vs. state 
1. The 14th says that anything Congress is prohibited from doing, states
(and other local govs) are too.  Slavery is merely a historical aside.
(Were the 14th not there, California could ban speech, support
religions, deny the right to keep and bear arms..)
2. Humans don't lose their rights when they form voluntary associations.
That's all the corporate decisions are saying.
Unfortunately, the *opposite* is practiced.  I, as an individual, can
not to hire , but a group of people together are threatened
with violence should they care to choose similarly.
Freedom isn't being able to do what you like, it's allowing someone else
to do or say something you hate and supporting their right to do so.
Marshall Clow

@_date: 2004-03-25 20:39:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: corporate vs. state 
You have no right to trespass simply because you once worked there.
Neither does anyone have a right to unreasonable force.
Who gives a rat's ass about what someone does in a foreign land?
US law only applies in the US, despite the current US Regime's
behavior to the contrary.
And BTW, what is wrong with hired police ("mercs") esp. when the local
police don't work?   Do you have a problem with private security guards
in the US, as long as
they don't involve you in unconsensual transactions?  Do you have a
with weaponsbearing citizens, again, if they don't involve you in
unconsensual transactions?
Note that if some company makes enemies overseas, its not the US as a
that has earned the airplane-in-the-skyscraper feedback.   Its the
official US regime behavior that Gen. Washington warned about: Trade
with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign entanglements.
days in
Anyone who abuses the power of the (gullible) State to coerce others
deserves killing.
The fact that some corporations may leverage existing thuggery to
Its not thuggery to protect your own property or freedoms.  If someone
is guilty of true thuggery --ie coercion-- then the State is obligated
to act to protect the thuggees.  The State only gets involved when a
transaction is not mutually consensual; if the State gets involved in
mutually consensual transactions the State deserves killing -er,
preemptive regime change.

@_date: 2004-03-26 20:12:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: expiring bearer documents 
No, they're orthogonal.  You can have a persistant asset,
your access to which expires; and you can have an ephemeral
asset, access to which is persistant.
Merely an example of an asset which gains value
in a known way, the opposite of an asset which
loses value in known way.
The point is that any anonymous/finder's-spenders
document is a form of cash; but some of these
grant access to time-varying value.
(My insight prompted by learning that its legal
to resell tickets if you go through a licensed
reseller.  My impression had been that all
such transactions were called scalping
and called illegal (despite their being
mutually voluntary) by the current regime.)
(The interesting theme is that the properties
of ordinary cash are separable and in some cases
modifiable, as in the above time-sensitive cash
or the finders-not-spenders variant I once
described here, viz:
One could create anonymous "cash" with the property that its
*not* finder's-spenders because it has a PIN (basically
a stored-value card); and that it would be recoverable
if the anonymity were lost.  )

@_date: 2004-03-26 18:14:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: expiring bearer documents 
The point is that the asset (a performance) which the bearer-document
(ticket) grants access to expires.  I think that's actually orthogonal
to the
ticket itself expiring.
Another example with a more gradual loss of value
might be a bearer document for a certain amount
of short half-life radioactive substance.   Or just the
substance --no documents, just assets-- though that's
less portable than gold for health reasons.
I suppose that some foodstuffs also show halflives.
And, like a 10 year treasury note, appreciate with age.

@_date: 2004-03-26 05:48:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: expiring bearer documents 
Yesss!  Its only taken a month or so of plonklessness, and we've
got the geodesics back!
This recently occurred to me.  There is a type of bearer document
which is exactly like cash (anonymous, finder's keepers/spenders)
that it expires.  Its called a concert ticket.  The liquidators are
ticket agencies.  I suppose if I were more cultured this would
have occurred to me sooner.  Apologies if obvious.

@_date: 2004-03-26 18:01:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: the Black Bloc Corporation 
The "club" are protesters wearing black.  Some protesters threw bricks.
You're busted for their actions.

@_date: 2004-03-27 07:14:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity of prepaid phone chip-cards 
Or, give the card to some random homeless person, preferably while their
ability to consolidate new memories is impaired.  Keep them feds busy!

@_date: 2004-03-27 07:10:46
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Anonymity of prepaid phone chip-cards 
All true except that the McVeigh Patriots used a few tons of the stuff.
Still, they were in Ag country, should not have been too tough.
Frankly, the militia's opsec sucked.
At least they depleted the pool of Fed-employee offspring before they
could reproduce.
Bonus points for that.
10 credits on Sharon before Mushareff.
20 credits on .iq .mil death toll < 750 when above is decided.
Clark under oath: priceless

@_date: 2004-03-27 07:03:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Anonymity of prepaid phone chip-cards 
operations /
Moral of the story: when using your 802.11b card for those
special messages beamed into someone else's LAN,
(just before you incinerate it after its sole use), make
sure you bought it in another city, with cash of course.
It is rather surprising that paranoid americans (albeit a few years
ago) would be so clueless when UBL & Palestinian targets^H^H^Hleaders
are getting a grip.

@_date: 2004-03-29 07:31:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Liquid Natural Flatulence 
Bob, stick with obfuscated economics and playing with boats.
Many gases are explosive in certain ratios to air.
Gasoline vapor, acetylene, in a wide range of ratios to air.
Others have narrower ranges.  But within these ranges
you don't need enclosures.  Except maybe for shrapnel.
You don't need enclosures for explosive gas mixtures any more than you
need an enclosure to get a boom from nitro.
(This is the diff between a brisant, like nitro, RDX, PETN, TNT, even
NI3, etc
and something that merely burns fast like black powder or
smokeless, which indeed must be enclosed to explode.)
PS: if a diesel vehicle is tailgating, acetylene will nicely stop
its engine in a rather expensive way.   Can you say predetonation?
A pound of calcium carbide and some water makes a nice vehicle stopper
the .mil has looked into it.
The non-exploding fireball from a refinery or storage facility will be
sufficient to destroy
the facility, and make nice video, which is sufficient.  If Allah
smiles, maybe you
get a big bang too.  The trick is to do more than one place in the same
day, so it
can't be written off as an industrial accident.

@_date: 2004-03-30 17:34:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: who needs Padilla when you have govt? 
STATE OF CONNETICUT REPORTED THE DISCOVERY OF A STRONTIUM-90 SOURCE
The item was found adjacent to a house in a wooded area in East Lyme,
CT. It was a cylinder measuring 6 inches in length and 2 inches in
diameter. The bottom of the cylinder had the following serial number:
M2477. It was a general licensed strontium-90 source. The source was
contained inside a metal box with a radioactive material symbol on the
outside. The State response personnel conducted a radiological survey.
The source read 250 millirem per hour on contact for gamma. The source
read 3.2 rem per hour on contact for beta. At 12 inches, the source
measured 5 millirem per hour. At one meter the source measured less than
1 millirem per hour. The State took the source to a secure locked
location for followup on Monday to try to determine the owner.
* * * UPDATE 0900 ON 3/29/04 MOSS (NMSS) TO GOTT * * *
The item was identified as a component to a helicopter In-flight Blade
Inspection System. Notified Mark Evetts at the Homeland Security
Operations Center.

@_date: 2004-03-31 02:43:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: The Gilmore Dimissal 
The police can ask for ID if you're walking and fit a description
("negro in plaid shirt" I believe was the instance);
also that Nevada case pending in the Supremes *may* mean that
you must present papers.  There was also a decision
last year IIRC that said that car *passengers* had to show ID
if asked.  Not drivers, passengers.
And of course its illegal to lie to pigs.  And not vice-versa.
Not sure if biking on a road requires ID, but you are subject
to traffic law; I knew a guy who got a traffic ticket for running
a stop sign.  Also bikes may require licenses for $ in some towns.
Go for the head shot, they're wearing body armor.  --G. Gordon Liddy

@_date: 2004-03-31 21:00:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Mercs need to wear clean underwear 
They need to be driving around in more heavily armored vehicles.
All the toys in the world won't help your Toyota repel an RPG.
Rather hard not to look obviously military in an APC though.
Next time the corpses won't be so roasted, perhaps, which
makes for much better video.  Also should leave the dogtags
(and head, limbs) on the meat.  Mmm, I love the smell of
merc-jerky in the morning, it smells like self-determination.

@_date: 2004-04-28 21:35:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Driver's certificates: Logic meets the streets 
Damn they're stupid in Tenn.  Either the cert has identifying
or its useless.  If it has identifying info, it can be used as an "ID".
of some yokel's fiat.

@_date: 2004-04-28 21:29:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Infrared flash? 
A 1 watt IR laser diode used for burning wood.  They show up on eBay
for ~$100.    Might start a fire though :-)   Also has pointing issues.
Regular tungsten driven to red but not bright, with a piece of
low-pass filtering glass over it.  You can't get rapid modulation
with tungsten, of course, but a few Hz is possible.
Years ago IR leds on baseball caps were posited for defeating
certain (eg ATM) cameras.  Don't know if they worked.

@_date: 2004-04-28 21:25:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Tipper "piggy" Gore 
I didn't know that album got Tippered.  I do know that the she-pig's
voice is on the Mothers of Prevention album.

@_date: 2004-04-28 16:26:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: DNA tracking 
Rapist being hunted with DNA
London, , Apr. 28 (UPI) -- British authorities are using a new DNA
technique to catch a serial rapist and burglar, the Times of London
reported Wednesday.
Known as "ancestral testing," the technique aims to discover the
rapist's family background and narrow the number of suspects.
DNA samples taken from victims have established the rapist is descended
from native Americans, Europeans and sub-Saharan Africans.
Those samples also indicate the criminal's family originally came from
an island in the Caribbean.
Scotland Yard wants police and civilian staff from West Indian
backgrounds to provide samples so a DNA map can be created to pinpoint
the rapist's origins.
Police also are using another DNA technique to check criminal records to
see if a relative of the attacker has come to police notice.
The perpetrator is responsible for 84 burglaries, four rapes and 27
indecent assaults over 12 years. His sex crimes are against elderly

@_date: 2004-04-23 22:12:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Duress, Watermarking, a simple design 
Specificiation For
                A Duress File System.
                     Disguised as a
Watermark Annotation Management System
Maj. Variola (ret), the OsamaSoft Corporation
To deter torture, physically *destroy* your data.
If you can't destroy it, you need a *duress* system.
It will at least buy some time.
Specs for a duress system:
    Adversary can't know if there's more data
   You can reveal multiple passphrases to satisfy the Adversary (incl.
false data)
The former requires stego, otherwise the Adversary could tell that
there's more data.
The latter requires that your stego'd info doesn't interfere with other
stego'd data.
Simple Multiple-Use Implementation:
    Treat the cover media as a block-sized filesystem.  The user must
    (and keep track of) the index of the block to embed the payload.
    extract data, only a passphrase (not index) is needed if a checksum
    data in each occupied block.  Multiple blocks can be embedded using
    the same passphrase, they are all decoded when that passphrase is
    (I don't think its possible to store allocation info *in* the file
without giving away
    the presence of more occupied blocks!)
   As a watermarking system, anyone can embed any type of watermark in a
   "block" so long as block occupations are tracked globally.  eBay
could stego-watermark
   images in the upper left quadrant, individuals get to use the upper
right.  Each
  could use their own watermarking tools.
   As a collaborative tool, if the annotations are all plaintext this
could be like writing
    comments on the back of a JPG.  With the convenience of keeping them
    the image.
   As a duress file system, the watermarks are secret data.   They are
compressed, encrypted,
  then embedded in the given block of the cover media.  It would be
smart to use
  boring annotations in some blocks so that its not unusual to use the
tool with the cover media.
  (One should also use layers of increasingly sensitive info to give up
gradually, as well
   as plausible fakes.)

@_date: 2004-04-20 16:04:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Vote Market 
want to
The 19th century ideals spell out a threat model.  Which you can then
design procedures & gizmos to resist.
A different model is interesting because it instructs in how attacks
& resistance work.
BTW, its been argued that if you paid people to vote you'd
increase participation.  Participation is a good thing in some,
but not all, opinions on democracy.  You could pay folks
for merely voting (eg a govt might do this) or you could pay
folks by issue (which receipts make practical for proponents
of some issue) which you suggest.
You could create a prototype market by using absentee voters
and certification that the paper vote was dropped into a mailbox
by a human attendant.  There are legal obstacles.
but there are shares that trade at nonzero
locked up.
The owners obviously 1. trust the controllers for some (possibly finite)
amount of time
2. expect to be able to sell shares to others in the future.
The difference between this and Ponzi schemes is left to the reader..
but as long
as there's no coercion, fraud, or pollution, then "whatever"...

@_date: 2004-04-19 16:41:30
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity vs reputation question 
Reputation requires authentication so you know you're talking to the
same endpoint.
It is easily implemented with a PK signature.  Normally you assume the
at the other end remains the same endpoint, but MITM attacks show that
this is an
exploitably false assumption.  IPSec fixes this.
So reputation is not in people's minds, its something that one can
by signing documents with the same key.
A nym is just a token, a string, a handle.  You can make it more by
making it persistant across sessions (ie, keep using the same RSA key
instead of using ephemeral DH or one-time RSA keys to authenticate
a single session.); normally folks do this to accrue reputation as well
as for convenience.  All you need is the same RSA key used above.
You can further concretize a nym by associating it with a human
subject to Men w/ Guns.  But its not necessary, any more than
persistant authentication (reputation) is.  You can use a throw-away
email account, or public key, for each message, thread, clique, etc.
In thinking about how to transfer reputation-credits,
is the Adversary watching any movement on that 'account'?
To use the credits, someone has to talk to a clearing house
(to avoid double-spending)
unless the reputation was on a physical bearer-gizmo like
a secure card.  (Cash or other anon Finder's-Keeper's
bearer bling are the preferred funds transfer mechanism
for identity-change).  I don't see how you can transfer
an unforgable token without some online activity
xor secure physical implementation.

@_date: 2004-04-13 03:06:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: American Airlines is an info whore too 
American Airlines admits disclosing passenger data
WASHINGTON (AFP) - A contractor for American Airlines has admitted to
sharing personal passenger information with the US government and other
companies, thrusting the world's largest carrier into a bitter
controversy over rights to privacy in the post-September 11 world.
The disclosure, certain to alarm civil libertarians, made American the
third leading US airline caught disseminating private data behind the
back of its customers in the name of fighting terrorism.

@_date: 2004-04-12 17:54:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: On Needing Killing (Orwell was an optimist) 
Language is how you manipulate people from a distance.   Much
more convenient than hitting them.
Crypto *can* keep bits free.  And so maybe language.
But Men with Guns control physical reality, which limits what
those bits can do.  Read the archives on the problems with
linking "credits" to dollars or physical merchandise.
Note that the Saudis are organizing conferences on registering
and recording hawala.  Note that the US will kidnap (mexican
MD for instance) if they can't extradite.
And how many will run a prohibited node when
the penalty is watching your family assets seized,
family members raped, before your eyes are gouged out?
"It can't happen here" -Suzy Creamcheese

@_date: 2004-04-10 22:52:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Hollywood balks at controlling your own inputs 
New DVD player cuts out the smut
By David Usborne in New York
11 April 2004
Like some kind of electronic air freshener, a new generation of DVD
players is poised to clear the smut, violence and bad language out of
living rooms all across America.
Thomson Inc is preparing to ship the revolutionary machines to both
Wal-Mart and Kmart in the United States in the next few weeks. The
family-values brigade is already applauding, while the Hollywood
community is pursuing a lawsuit to have them banned.
The players, which will sell for $79 (45), are equipped with technology
by a Salt Lake City-based company called ClearPlay. They will be
pre-programmed to spare viewers segments of films that feature offensive
language, excessive violence or sexual content, by muting the sound or
skipping ahead.
Several leading Hollywood figures, however, including Steven Spielberg
and Steven Soderbergh, are backing a lawsuit, arguing that the
technology will violate the rights of directors who expect their works
to be viewed in their entirety, without censorship.
Someone needs to explain to the Hollywood types that folks can do
they want with their media copies, short of reselling an edited version
claimed as the
You could with tape, a random access device is no different.
The copy rights of the directors do not include prescriptions for

@_date: 2004-04-10 04:07:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: cryptography@metzdowd.com 
Wait until the first fly-by-wire Airbus goes down because some
doofus turned on his cell phone.  (More a comp.risks answer,
but I think it makes the point.)

@_date: 2004-04-09 20:30:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Communication in (Neuronal) Networks 
Sorry the below is long, but its subscription only, and the comparisons
to man-made networks are worth reading.
Science, Vol 301, Issue 5641, 1870-1874 , 26 September 2003
Communication in Neuronal Networks
 Simon B. Laughlin1 and Terrence J. Sejnowski2,3*
 Brains perform with remarkable efficiency, are capable of prodigious
computation, and are marvels of communication. We are
 beginning to understand some of the geometric, biophysical, and energy
constraints that have governed the evolution of cortical
 networks. To operate efficiently within these constraints, nature has
optimized the structure and function of cortical networks with
 design principles similar to those used in electronic networks. The
brain also exploits the adaptability of biological systems to
 reconfigure in response to changing needs.
 1 Department of Zoology, University of Cambridge, Downing Street,
Cambridge CB2 3EJ, UK.
 2 Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Salk Institute for Biological
Studies, La Jolla, CA 92037, USA.
 3 Division of Biological Sciences, University of California, San Diego,
La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.
 Science, Vol 301, Issue 5641, 1870-1874 , 26 September 2003
 [DOI: 10.1126/science.1089662]
     Previous Article
                     Table of Contents
                                      Next Article
 Communication in Neuronal Networks
 Simon B. Laughlin1 and Terrence J. Sejnowski2,3*
 Brains perform with remarkable efficiency, are capable of prodigious
computation, and are marvels of communication. We are
 beginning to understand some of the geometric, biophysical, and energy
constraints that have governed the evolution of cortical
 networks. To operate efficiently within these constraints, nature has
optimized the structure and function of cortical networks with
 design principles similar to those used in electronic networks. The
brain also exploits the adaptability of biological systems to
 reconfigure in response to changing needs.
 1 Department of Zoology, University of Cambridge, Downing Street,
Cambridge CB2 3EJ, UK.
 2 Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Salk Institute for Biological
Studies, La Jolla, CA 92037, USA.
 3 Division of Biological Sciences, University of California, San Diego,
La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.
 * To whom correspondence should be addressed. E-mail: terry
 Neuronal networks have been extensively studied as computational
systems, but they also serve as communications networks in
 transferring large amounts of information between brain areas. Recent
work suggests that their structure and function are
 governed by basic principles of resource allocation and constraint
minimization, and that some of these principles are shared with
 human-made electronic devices and communications networks. The
discovery that neuronal networks follow simple design rules
 resembling those found in other networks is striking because nervous
systems have many unique properties.
 To generate complicated patterns of behavior, nervous systems have
evolved prodigious abilities to process information.
 Evolution has made use of the rich molecular repertoire, versatility,
and adaptability of cells. Neurons can receive and deliver signals at up
to 105 synapses and can
 combine and process synaptic inputs, both linearly and nonlinearly, to
implement a rich repertoire of operations that process information (1).
Neurons can also
 establish and change their connections and vary their signaling
properties according to a variety of rules. Because many of these
changes are driven by spatial and
 temporal patterns of neural signals, neuronal networks can adapt to
circumstances, self-assemble, autocalibrate, and store information by
changing their properties
 according to experience.
 The simple design rules improve efficiency by reducing (and in some
cases minimizing) the resources required to implement a given task. It
should come as no surprise
 that brains have evolved to operate efficiently. Economy and efficiency
are guiding principles in physiology that explain, for example, the way
in which the lungs, the
 circulation, and the mitochondria are matched and coregulated to supply
energy to muscles (2). To identify and explain efficient design, it is
necessary to derive and
 apply the structural and physicochemical relationships that connect
resource use to performance. We consider first a number of studies of
the geometrical constraints
 on packing and wiring that show that the brain is organized to reduce
wiring costs. We then examine a constraint that impinges on all aspects
of neural function but has
 only recently become apparentenergy consumption. Next we look at
energy-efficient neural codes that reduce signal traffic by exploiting
the relationships that
 govern the representational capacity of neurons. We end with a brief
discussion on how synaptic plasticity may reconfigure the cortical
network on a wide range of
 time scales.
 Geometrical and Biophysical Constraints on Wiring
 Reducing the size of an organ, such as the brain, while maintaining
adequate function is usually beneficial. A smaller brain requires fewer
materials and less energy for
 construction and maintenance, lighter skeletal elements and muscles for
support, and less energy for carriage. The size of a nervous system can
be reduced by
 reducing the number of neurons required for adequate function, by
reducing the average size of neurons, or by laying out neurons so as to
reduce the lengths of their
 connections. The design principles governing economical layout have
received the most attention.
 Just like the wires connecting components in electronic chips, the
connections between neurons occupy a substantial fraction of the total
volume, and the wires (axons
 and dendrites) are expensive to operate because they dissipate energy
during signaling. Nature has an important advantage over electronic
circuits because
 components are connected by wires in three-dimensional (3D) space,
whereas even the most advanced VLSI (very large scale integration)
microprocessor chips use
 a small number of layers of planar wiring. [A recently produced chip
with 174 million transistors has seven layers (3).] Does 3D wiring
explain why the volume
 fraction of wiring in the brain (40 to 60%; see below) is lower than in
chips (up to 90%)? In chips, the components are arranged to reduce the
total length of wiring.
 This same design principle has been established in the nematode worm
Caenorhabditis elegans, which has 302 neurons arranged in 11 clusters
called ganglia. An
 exhaustive search of alternative ganglion placements shows that the
layout of ganglia minimizes wire length (4).
 Cortical projections in the early sensory processing areas are
topographically organized. This is a hallmark of the six-layer
neocortex, in contrast to the more diffuse
 projections in older three-layer structures such as the olfactory
cortex and the hippocampus. In the primary visual cortex, for example,
neighboring regions of the
 visual field are represented by neighboring neurons in the cortex.
Connectivity is much higher between neurons separated by less than 1 mm
than between neurons
 farther apart (see below), reflecting the need for rapid, local
processing within a cortical columnan arrangement that minimizes wire
length. Because cortical neurons
 have elaborately branched dendritic trees (which serve as input
regions) and axonal trees (which project the output to other neurons),
it is also possible to predict the
 optimal geometric patterns of connectivity (57), including the optimal
ratios of axonal to dendritic arbor volumes (8). These conclusions were
anticipated nearly 100
 years ago by the great neuroanatomist Ramon y Cajal: "After the many
shapes assumed by neurons, we are now in a position to ask whether this
diversity... has been
 left to chance and is insignificant, or whether it is tightly regulated
and provides an advantage to the organism.... We realized that all of
the various conformations of
 the neuron and its various components are simply morphological
adaptations governed by laws of conservation for time, space, and
material" [(9), p. 116].
 The conservation of time is nicely illustrated in the gray matter of
the cerebral cortex. Gray matter contains the synapses, dendrites, cell
bodies, and local axons of
 neurons, and these structures form the neural circuits that process
information. About 60% of the gray matter is composed of axons and
dendrites, reflecting a high
 degree of local connectivity analogous to a local area network. An
ingenious analysis of resource allocation suggests that this wiring
fraction of 60% minimizes local
 delays (10). This fraction strikes the optimum balance between two
opposing tendencies: transmission speed and component density. Unlike
the wires in chips,
 reducing the diameter of neural wires reduces the speed at which
signals travel, prolonging delays. But it also reduces axon volume, and
this allows neurons to be
 packed closer together, thus shortening delays.
 Global Organization of the Communication Network
 Long-range connections between cortical areas constitute the white
matter and occupy 44% of the cortical volume in humans. The thickness of
gray matter, just a few
 millimeters, is nearly constant in species that range in brain volume
over five orders of magnitude. The volume of the white matter scales
approximately as the 4/3
 power of the volume of the gray matter, which can be explained by the
need to maintain a fixed bandwidth of long-distance communication
capacity per unit area of
 the cortex (11) (Fig. 1). The layout of cortical areas minimizes the
total lengths of the axons needed to join them (12). The prominent folds
of the human cortex allow
 the large cortical area to be packed in the skull but also allow
cortical areas around the convolutions to minimize wire length; the
location of the folds may even arise
 from elastic forces in the white matter during development (13).
                              Fig. 1. Cortical white and gray matter
volumes of 59 mammalian species are related by a power law that spans
five to six
                              orders of magnitude. The line is the least
squares fit, with a slope around 1.23  0.01 (mean  SD) and correlation
of 0.998.
                              The number of white matter fibers is
proportional to the gray matter volume; their average length is the
cubic root of that
                              volume. If the fiber cross section is
constant, then the white matter volume should scale approximately as the
4/3 power of the
                              gray matter volume. An additional factor
arises from the cortical thickness, which scales as the 0.10 power of
the gray matter
                              volume. [Adapted from (11)] [View Larger
Version of this Image (44K GIF file)]
 The global connectivity in the cortex is very sparse, and this too
reduces the volume occupied by long-range connections: The probability
of any two cortical neurons
 having a direct connection is around one in a hundred for neurons in a
vertical column 1 mm in diameter, but only one in a million for distant
neurons. The distribution
 of wire lengths on chips follows an inverse power law, so that shorter
wires also dominate (14). If we created a matrix with 1010 rows and
columns to represent the
 connections between every pair of cortical neurons, it would have a
relatively dense set of entries around the diagonal but would have only
sparse entries outside the
 diagonal, connecting blocks of neurons corresponding to cortical areas.
 The sparse long-range connectivity of the cortex may offer some of the
advantages of small-world connectivity (15). Thus, only a small fraction
of the computation
 that occurs locally can be reported to other areas, through a small
fraction of the cells that connect distant cortical areas; but this may
be enough to achieve activity
 that is coordinated in distant parts the brain, as reflected in the
synchronous firing of action potentials in these areas, supported by
massive feedback projections
 between cortical areas and reciprocal interactions with the thalamus
(16, 17).
 Despite the sparseness of the cortical connection matrix, the potential
bandwidth of all of the neurons in the human cortex is around a terabit
per second (assuming a
 maximum rate of 100 bits/s over each axon in the white matter),
comparable to the total world backbone capacity of the Internet in 2002
(18). However, this
 capacity is never achieved in practice because only a fraction of
cortical neurons have a high rate of firing at any given time (see
below). Recent work suggests that
 another physical constraintthe provision of energylimits the brain's
ability to harness its potential bandwidth.
 Energy Usage Constrains Neural Communication
 As the processor speeds of computers increase, the energy dissipation
increases, so that cooling technology becomes critically important.
Energy consumption also
 constrains neural processing. Nervous systems consume metabolic energy
continuously at relatively high rates per gram, comparable to those of
heart muscle (19).
 Consequently, powering a brain is a major drain on an animal's energy
budget, typically 2 to 10% of resting energy consumption. In humans this
proportion is 20%
 for adults and 60% for infants (20), which suggests that the brain's
energy demands limit its size (21).
 Energy supply limits signal traffic in the brain (Fig. 2). Deep
anesthesia blocks neural signaling and halves the brain's energy
consumption, which suggests that about
 50% of the brain's energy is used to drive signals along axons and
across synapses. The remainder supports the maintenance of resting
potentials and the vegetative
 function of neurons and glia. Cortical gray matter uses a higher
proportion of total energy consumption for signaling, more than 75%
(Fig. 2), because it is so richly
 interconnected with axons and synapses (21). From the amounts of energy
used when neurons signal, one can calculate the volume of signal traffic
that can be
 supported by the brain's metabolic rate. For cerebral cortex, the
permissible traffic is 5 action potentials per neuron per second in rat
(Fig. 2) (22) and <1 per
 second in human (23). Given that the brain responds quickly, the
permissible level of traffic is remarkably low, and this metabolic limit
must influence the way in which
 information is processed. Recent work suggests that brains have
countered this severe metabolic constraint by adopting energy-efficient
designs. These designs
 involve the miniaturization of components, the elimination of
superfluous signals, and the representation of information with
energy-efficient codes.
                              Fig. 2. Power consumption limits neural
signaling rate in the gray matter of rat cerebral cortex. Baseline
consumption is set by
                              the energy required to maintain the
resting potentials of neurons and associated supportive tissue (r.p.)
and to satisfy their
                              vegetative needs (nonsignaling). Signaling
consumption rises linearly with the average signaling rate (the rate at
which neurons
                              transmit action potentials). The measured
rates of power consumption in rat gray matter vary across cortical areas
and limit
                              average signaling rates to 3 to 5.5 Hz.
Values are from (19), converted from rates of hydrolysis of adenosine
                              (ATP) to W/kg using a free energy of
hydrolysis for a molecule of ATP under cellular conditions of 1019 J.
                              [View Larger Version of this Image (20K
GIF file)]
 Miniaturization, Energy, and Noise
 The observation that 1 mm3 of mouse cortex contains 105 neurons, 108
synapses, and 4 km of axon (24) suggests that, as in chip design, the
brain reduces energy
 consumption by reducing the size and active area of components. Even
though axon diameter is only 0.3 m (on average), sending action
potentials along these
 "wires" consumes more than one-third of the energy supplied to cortical
gray matter (22). Thus, as with computer chips, an efficient layout
(discussed above) and a
 high component density are essential for energy efficiency but, as is
also true for chips, miniaturization raises problems about noise.
 When a neuron's membrane area is reduced, the number of molecular pores
(ion channels) carrying electrical current falls, leading to a decline
in the signal-to-noise
 ratio (SNR) (2527). The noise produced by ion channels, and by other
molecular signaling mechanisms such as synaptic vesicles, is potentially
damaging to
 performance. However, the effects of noise are often difficult to
determine because they depend on interactions between signaling
molecules in signaling systems.
 These interactions can be highly nonlinear (e.g., the voltage-dependent
interactions between sodium and potassium ion channels that produce
action potentials) and
 can involve complicated spatial effects (e.g., the diffusion of
chemical messengers between neurons and the transmission of electrical
signals within neurons). A new
 generation of stochastic simulators is being developed to handle these
complexities and determine the role played by molecular noise and
diffusion in neural signaling
 (26, 28, 29). With respect to miniaturization, stochastic simulations
(25) show that channel noise places a realistic ceiling on the wiring
density of the brain by setting a
 lower limit of about 0.1 m on axon diameter.
 The buildup of noise from stage to stage may be a fundamental
limitation on the logical depth to which brains can compute (30). The
analysis of the relationships
 among signal, noise, and bandwidth and their dependence on energy
consumption will play a central role in understanding the design of
neural circuits. The cortex has
 many of the hallmarks of an energy-efficient hybrid device (28). In
hybrid electronic devices, compact analog modules operate on signals to
process information, and
 the results are converted to digital data for transmission through the
network and then reconverted to analog data for further processing.
These hybrids offer the ability
 of analog devices to perform basic arithmetic functions such as
division directly and economically, combined with the ability of digital
devices to resist noise. In the
 energy-efficient silicon cochlea, for example, the optimal mix of
analog and digital data (that is, the size and number of operations
performed in analog modules) is
 determined by a resource analysis that quantifies trade-offs among
energy consumption, bandwidth for information transmission, and
precision in analog and digital
 components. The obvious similarities between hybrid devices and neurons
strongly suggest that hybrid processing makes a substantial contribution
to the energy
 efficiency of the brain (31). However, the extent to which the brain is
configured as an energy-efficient hybrid device must be established by a
detailed resource
 analysis that is based on biophysical relationships among energy
consumption, precision, and bandwidth in neurons.
 Some research strongly suggests that noise makes it uneconomical to
transfer information down single neurons at high rates (29, 31). Given
that a neuron is a
 noise-limited device of restricted bandwidth, the information rate is
improved with the SNR, which increases as the square root of the number
of ion channels, making
 improvements expensive (25). Thus, doubling the SNR means quadrupling
the number of channels, the current flow, and hence the energy cost.
Given this
 relationship between noise and energy cost, an energy-efficient nervous
system will divide information among a larger number of relatively noisy
neurons of lower
 information capacity, as observed in the splitting of retinal signals
into ON and OFF pathways (32). Perhaps the unreliability of individual
neurons is telling us that the
 brain has evolved to be energy efficient (31).
 Saving on Traffic
 Energy efficiency is improved when one reduces the number of signals in
the network without losing information. In the nervous system, this
amounts to an economy
 of impulses (33) that has the additional advantage of increasing
salience by laying out information concisely. Economy is achieved by
eliminating redundancy. This
 important design principle is well established in sensory processing
(34). Redundancy reduction is a goal of algorithms that compress files
to reduce network traffic.
 In the brain, efficiency is improved by distributing signals
appropriately in time and space. Individual neurons adopt distributions
of firing rate (35, 36) that maximize
 the ratio between information coded and energy expended. Networks of
neurons achieve efficiency by distributing signals sparsely in space and
time. Although it was
 already recognized that sparse coding improves energy efficiency (37),
it was Levy and Baxter's detailed analysis of this problem (38) that
initiated theoretical studies
 of energy-efficient coding in nervous systems. They compared the
representational capacity of signals distributed across a population of
neurons with the costs
 involved. Sparse coding schemes, in which a small proportion of cells
signal at any one time, use little energy for signaling but have a high
representational capacity,
 because there are many different ways in which a small number of
signals can be distributed among a large number of neurons. However, a
large population of
 neurons could be expensive to maintain, and if these neurons rarely
signal, they are redundant. The optimum proportion of active cells
depends on the ratio between
 the cost of maintaining a neuron at rest and the extra cost of sending
a signal. When signals are relatively expensive, it is best to
distribute a few of them among a large
 number of cells. When cells are expensive, it is more efficient to use
few of them and to get all of them signaling. Estimates of the ratio
between the energy demands of
 signaling and maintenance suggest that, for maximum efficiency, between
1% and 16% of neurons should be active at any one time (22, 23, 38).
However, it is
 difficult to compare these predictions with experimental data; a major
problem confronting systems neuroscience is the development of
techniques for deciphering
 sparse codes.
 There is an intriguing possibility that the energy efficiency of the
brain is improved by regulating signal traffic at the level of the
individual synaptic connections between
 neurons. A typical cortical neuron receives on the order of 10,000
synapses, but the probability that a synapse fails to release
neurotransmitter in response to an
 incoming signal is remarkably high, between 0.5 and 0.9. Synaptic
failures halve the energy consumption of gray matter (22), but because
there are so many
 synapses, the failures do not necessarily lose information (39, 40).
The minimum number of synapses required for adequate function is not
known. Does the
 energy-efficient cortical neuron, like the wise Internet user, select
signals from sites that are most informative? This question draws energy
efficiency into one of the
 most active and important areas of neuroscience: synaptic plasticity.
 Reconfiguring the Network
 Long-distance communication in the brain occurs through all-or-none
action potentials, which are transmitted down axons and converted to
analog chemical and
 electrical signals at synapses. The initiation of action potentials in
the cortex can occur with millisecond precision (41) but, as we have
just discussed, the
 communication at cortical synapses is probabilistic. On a short time
scale of milliseconds to seconds, presynaptic mechanisms briefly
increase or decrease the
 probability of transmission at cortical synapses over a wide range,
depending on the previous patterns of activity (42). On longer time
scales, persistent correlated
 firing between the presynaptic and postsynaptic neurons can produce
long-term depression or potentiation of the synaptic efficacy, depending
on the relative timing of
 the spikes in the two neurons (43).
 A new view of the cortical network is emerging from these discoveries.
Rather than being a vast, fixed network whose connection strengths
change slowly, the
 effective cortical connectivity is highly dynamic, changing on fast as
well as slow time scales. This allows the cortex to be rapidly
reconfigured to meet changing
 computational and communications needs (44). Unfortunately, we do not
yet have techniques for eavesdropping on a large enough number of
neurons to determine
 how global reconfiguration is achieved. Local field potentials (LFPs),
extracellular electric fields that reflect the summed activity from
local synaptic currents and other
 ion channels on neurons and glial cells, may provide hints of how the
flow of information in cortical circuits is regulated (16). Oscillations
in the 20- to 80-Hz range
 occur in the LFPs, and the coherence between spikes and these
oscillations has been found to be influenced by attention and working
memory (45, 46).
 Conclusions
 The more we learn about the structure and function of brains, the more
we come to appreciate the great precision of their construction and the
high efficiency of their
 operations. Neurons, circuits, and neural codes are designed to
conserve space, materials, time, and energy. These designs are exhibited
in the geometry of the
 branches of dendritic trees, in the precise determination of wiring
fractions, in the laying out of maps in the brain, in the processing of
signals, and in neural codes. It is
 less obvious, but highly likely, that the unreliability of single
neurons is also a mark of efficiency, because noise in molecular
signaling mechanisms places a high price
 on precision. To an extent yet to be determined, the noise and
variability observed among neurons is compensated by plasticitythe
ability of neurons to modify their
 signaling properties. Neural plasticity also has the potential to
direct the brain's scarce resources to where they will be of greatest

@_date: 2004-04-09 17:31:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: voting, KISS, etc. (& social bias) 
Perry I agree with you on all *except* that you are prejudiced
against folks who are not mobile, have immobile dependants, are busy
or agoraphobes.
In-person voting doesn't resist graveyard voting much better than
lining up the meat.
One could say that in-person voting rewards those too lazy or careless
with their time
to request absentee status.
Home voting is important to keep participation high.  I believe 25%
of the Calif governor votes were absentee.   Participation is nominally
a figure of merit for elections.
And the voter authentication is the weakest I know of: to register you
submit a name, signature, and address.  To vote, you submit
same.  Nothing prevents graveyard registration except the law.
Why is this relevent?  Because you have to consider threat models.
Spousal coercion & vote buying is one, well-addressed in this thread.
So are tech-implementation and social-trust issues.
Snipers or bombers at polling places is another, ignored because
we're all modern westerners.  Rain and immobility have only been
touched on because most of us can drive and walk.
Voting from home should be *encouraged* and it should use
paper as the transport, not computers.  (The paper being kept
by the counters not the voters.)  Which is how it should
be at the in-person polls.
Again, keeping tech away is good, fighting coercion is good, but
don't argue against absentee voting.  In fact, absentee voting
(vs. tech in the polling booth) is a good *example* of how to
keep things simple and resistant to many (eg tech-enabled) attacks.

@_date: 2004-04-08 23:36:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Von Neumann machine - Wikipedia 
The L-5 dude?  I never knew he dabbled in mental-nano-masturbation.
I'm familiar with his macroscopic living-in-$pace speculations.
Just remember that Johnny was playing symbol-games, having a little
cellular automata fun to prove it could be done.  Not really surprising
once you "get" the concept of a description-of-a-machine being processed
by a machine.
BTW, surely you can find a better ref than Wpedia?

@_date: 2004-04-08 18:46:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Research Shows Explosives Remain Part Of Human Hair 
Disposable clothes don't have to be bunny suits.   Latex dishwashing
and a rain poncho.  Painter's masks, hats.  Duct tape for sealing seams.
Home Depot has plenty to offer.
You can always go out to the desert or forest.  Worths for meth labs
and they're messier than nitration lab.  Buying lots of ice to keep your
newly synthesized product cool is not suspicious.    And you keep
your apartment clean, working outside.  (Some freedom fighting chemists
have been busted from nitric acid stains on the walls, for allah's
sake!)  Plus
you can test your stuff on a small scale.
Its a measurement arms race, and a false positive vs false negative
detection game.
If the shoebomber had had half a clue there'd be one less airplane.
up on a non-smoking flight is a bit clueless... that's why they have
And PS: some plastic explosives do not have the volitile tracers added
to them
that make them so easy to detect.  A little harder to get ahold of, but
if you
know the right people..
Tempura hostages anyone?  How's the Jap taste for video gore?
Will they pixellate the good parts?

@_date: 2004-04-07 16:49:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Utah vs. first amendment, global 'net, cookies 
(I'm not defending hostile spyware but there are problems with the
Tom Spring, PC World
Friday, April 02, 2004
Utah has become the first state to make spyware a crime, passing a law
that makes it illegal to install such programs on a PC without approval.
Starting in early May, violators face a fine of $10,000 per incident,
under the new Spyware Control Act. The Utah law aims to regulate the use
of spyware and other advertising software, which is infamous for
annoying computer users by tracking and reporting their Web whereabouts
and displaying ads.
A software company that wants to load a surveillance program onto a Utah
user's PC must make full disclosure, under the law. It must reveal what
user behavior its software records, what information goes back to a
central server, how often ads will appear, and how the ads look. Vendors
must also clearly state the purpose of the downloaded software and any
changes it makes to a PC's system.
Opponents say the Spyware Control Act is a legal threat to a technology
company's right to innovate. Hackett says the Utah law could be
interpreted to ban free ad-sponsored software, and perhaps even threaten
common e-mail programs that track when and which messages are delivered.
State Rep. Urquhart says the law will let a Utah firm sue a spyware
company that doesn't follow the Spyware Control Act, when its program
displays ads on the Web site of a Utah-based business. He also says the
act will help protect consumers by forcing spyware companies to be more
upfront about their software.

@_date: 2004-04-07 15:49:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: [Politech] Reason magazine cover story has unusual privacy theme 
_Reason_ pulls a cryptomesque BigEye op on subscribers:
X-URL:  [priv]
[Disclaimer: I was involved with the Reason article. --Declan]
Putting 40,000 Readers, One by One, on a Cover
DAVID CARR
Published: April 5, 2004
When the 40,000 subscribers to Reason, the monthly libertarian magazine,
receive a copy of the June issue, they will see on the cover a satellite
photo of a neighborhood - their own neighborhood. And their house will
be graphically circled.
On one level, the project, sort of the ultimate in customized
publishing, is unsurprising: of course a magazine knows where its
subscribers live. But it is still a remarkable demonstration of the
growing number of ways databases can be harnessed. Apart from the cover
image, several advertisements are customized to reflect the recipient's
Nick Gillespie, editor in chief of Reason, said the magazine, with an
editorial mission of "Free Minds, Free Markets,'' used the stunt to
illustrate the cover article about the power and importance of
"Our story is man bites dog," Mr. Gillespie said. "Everybody, including
our magazine, has been harping on the erosion of privacy and the fears
of a database nation. It is a totally legit fear. But they make our
lives unbelievably easier as well, in terms of commercial transactions,
credit, you name it."
Rodger Cosgrove, president of Entremedia, a direct marketing firm and a
member of Reason's board, assisted in coming up with a program that
allows the subscriber list to be integrated with satellite photographs.
He also worked with Xeikon, the manufacturer of the printer that made
the endless customization possible.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2004-04-05 16:44:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Shock waves from Fallujah 
No, it would be to protect the congressvermin from attacks.
Just like the anti-aircraft batteries and snipers on the white house.
The SS is also closing all but 1 tourist entrance to the Capitol.
In other news today, the US is going to snatch a major Iraqi cleric.
Flash to W. sticking his dick into a hornet's nest.
Dancing in the streets indeed.

@_date: 2004-04-05 00:54:10
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: capitalized capitol 
3 [2capital] a : a city serving as a seat of government b : a city
preeminent in some special activity However it seems the "ol" version is correct when capitalized:
Etymology: Latin Capitolium, temple of Jupiter at Rome on the Capitoline
1 a : a building in which a state legislative body meets b : a group of
buildings in which the functions of state government are carried out
2 capitalized : the building in which the U.S. Congress meets at

@_date: 2004-04-02 04:29:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Blackwater 
Blackwater had no web pages before Aug 2002.
Funny how the 0wn3d media doesn't question the "consultant" label.

@_date: 2004-04-01 18:22:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Israeli coders, Arab testers 
from owner-cryptography
Eugene Volokh, 3/25/2004 04:02:38 PM
Israeli coders, Arab testers: A reader writes, apropos
checking sensitive source code for sabotage:  I spoke to
[someone] from the NSA, about this subject a couple of
years back. As you probably know, although the NSA has
teams of cryptographers at its disposal, a large amount
of the successful interception it carries out is simply
due to exploiting software faults in communications soft-
ware. Consequently, in their other role, as advisor to
the DoD about communications security issues, they focus
on software assurance to an extent that often takes new-
comers by surprise.
The NSA used to have a requirement that only American
citizens should be allowed to work on sensitive source
code, because they considered there to be too great a
risk of backdoors being placed in the code by foreign
nationals . . . . More recently, because of the number
of H1(B)s and green cards in the computer industry, it's
been impractical for the NSA to insist on that. Instead,
what they've encouraged -- and this is the interesting
and quite clever part -- is that programmers and testers
should be of different nationalities. If you have Israeli
coders, get Arabic testers. If you have British coders,
get French testers. And so on.
A cute solution to the problem. But I don't know if it
ever worked. I suspect the NSA still insists, though,
that source code for sensitive systems be written by
American companies on American soil, even if it isn't
written by American fingers.Of course, even if the NSA's
program worked for the NSA, it would be pretty expensive
to adopt for the important source code and off-the-shelf
object code used by lots of other organizations -- many
of which are private companies -- that manage critical
American infrastructure. Nor am I sure that it would work
that well even if it were adopted. Still, it struck me as
interesting enough to be worth mentioning.

@_date: 2004-04-01 21:12:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Mercs need to wear clean underwear 
Well of course.  It was our destiny, our mission.  Just like bringing
democracy (tm)
to the a-rabs, etc.  If, of course, they vote for our puppets, and their
presses print what we like.

@_date: 2004-04-01 18:18:01
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Mercs need to wear clean underwear 
How long do we have to wait before we can name our new
attack helicopters "Fallujahs"?
Do Iraqis know how to run casinos?

@_date: 2004-04-02 17:03:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: [Politech] John Gilmore on the homeless, RFID tags, and     ki ttens 
Just out of curiosity, how did you verify that it was in fact that
I mean, if you beat a monkey to death at your table, or buy a live
you see it before its served.
I recently read about a firm selling "what's that meat" biochem assays
on a chip.  Useful for everyone from gourmets to kosher to customs.
You're just a mobile incubator for E. coli :-)
"I didn't claw my way to the top of the food chain to eat vegetables."

@_date: 2004-04-01 21:15:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [Politech] John Gilmore on the homeless, RFID tags, and  kittens 
What is his problem?  You just put them in the microwave and the
chip is useless.

@_date: 2004-04-05 17:10:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Private U.S. Guards Take Big Risks for Right Price 
We are talking about mercs, not selling bits on MercNet.  Mercs are
Thus their resources (satellites, rockets, tanks, etc) are *controlled*
by Men With Guns.   Who don't like to share the shiniest toys.
Cheaper info cuts out middlemen, sure; but it does nothing to
permit mercs access to physical-technology that they need
in the physical world.
Devices are physical.  MwG control the physical.
Sure, meshes mean you may not need satellites or fixed base stations
for your comms.  Big deal.  The mesh-radios may be controlled,
and regardless, you need more than radios to be a merc.  Get
that through your head.
You're too stuck on bits and forgetting about atoms.
Yawn.  Disintermediation will happen, its just not enough.  Atoms

@_date: 2004-04-02 21:26:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Private U.S. Guards Take Big Risks for Right Price 
The implementation tech shouldn't matter, latency & throughput aside.
Merging vs. fighting vs. stasis is a matter of physics, and game theory.
Physics, because large entities have different properties (eg
surface-to-mass ratio; inertia) than small entities.
In the 40s it was a lot easier for the US
to muster the resources for the Bomb than it was for say England.
Similarly with spy satellites.  In a cold environment large animals
do better; in a modern tech environment high-investment entities do
If you're maintaining territory, large pieces have less boundary to
Game theory, because the costs to the organism of the fight
may be prohibitive.  Which is why most animals bluff.  And
why China, Russia, etc won't be attacked.  M.A.D.  All your
Taiwanese are belong to us.
An interesting question is what happens when it doesn't
take a large entity to have large force.  The Colt revolver
was an example of this equalization.  So is a fission bomb.
(However anyone could buy a Colt, soon eliminating that advantage.
A. Q. Khan as a 21st century version? :-)
What you get then, as Heinlein wrote, is a very polite society.
(Xor one without a population growth problem :-)   Sort of like
the South when dueling was popular.  Until
the next leap in tech not accessable to all comes around.
(Duelling with AKs would be pretty cool, eh?)
Adding irrationality to game theory gets interesting too.
"Better dead than red" changes the game.
If you can sell your delusions about "heaven" or "patriotism" to
(and possibly the population that supports them) then the cost-benefit
changes.   Engaging the endocrines is pretty much all the bubblehead in
has going for him.
So what does this mean for the geodesic neo-Merc industry?
It means that the US (and other large players) will keep shutter control
on satellites,
will pursue arms dealers, will bomb bomb-plants before they produce.
The tanks that can shoot farthest will still be controlled.  As will the
vision stuff, secure comms, etc.  Note that shutter control can include
"accidentally" bombing a chinese embassy in yugoslavia :-)
In smaller terms, private security guards won't be getting fullauto
weapons, high-end
body armor, or the same bugging tech as the USG endorsed ones.
PS: note that if the USG "endorses" a merc group too much, by allowing
them (but not others) to buy the Good Stuff, the USG endangers itself.
The mercs themselves needn't be American.
Israel would be a good example.  (How many Hellfires *does* it
take to hit an old man in a wheelchair?)
Plus you get the awkward political and military problems when your
friends turn enemies.
All this doesn't rule out proxy wars in backwaters (with official or
merc troops),
or underground mafia-style merc wars between factions overlayed on a
government territory, but it does impose constraints on future mercs so
long as the pre-existing nations continue to exist.
Basically no one fucks with the elephants, and the lions are free to
for territory, but mostly they'll bluff between themselves.  (Unless
they're desparate, in which case they'll probably lose.)  And because
you have to share your kill,
there is a cost associated with merging territories.

@_date: 2004-04-02 16:59:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Private U.S. Guards Take Big Risks for Right Price 
Only if they offer comparable services.  Which they won't
be able to, see below.
The govt has a monopoly on certain tools of the trade.  Now
while a private army (Wal-Marmy?) can get some of these toys on
the black (free) market, they either can't get the best stuff,
XOR the USG has a problem since that means anyone can
get it.  Everything from surveillance to weapons.
And crypto-wise, reputation will clearly be important here.
But yes, obviously, easy communication leads to more optimal
markets, for both goods and services.

@_date: 2004-04-02 21:31:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Shock waves from Fallujah 
A fence is being considered around the Capital in DC also.
The inhabitants think its to protect them, but some of us have
other ideas... a national zoo or asylum?
We could call it surdistan, or turdistan.

@_date: 2004-04-07 15:56:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
Peter, what would be wrong with having a machine in the booth that
any valid receipt BUT is not connected to the voting system.  "To vote
use the red machine; if you're being coerced you can use the blue
to print as many receipts as intimidators."
A trade off between (mild) user complexity and the desire for receipts
(without coercion).

@_date: 2004-04-08 23:15:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: voting 
Your points about the weaknesses of adversarial observers are
valid points, but the Reps and Dems *can* count on those votes *not*
being moved
into their de facto adversary's (Dems, Reps, respectively) bin.  And
in practice the fringe votes usually don't matter.  (I vote Lib..)
Its not uncommon for elections to be upheld *even when votes are known
lost* if the margins are sufficient. (It happened in California last
election, human error plus tech.)
Ultimately the adversarial parties are the ones who have to check the
whole process, including any tech that gets used.  And that process
is open to the Libs, etc.
As to your other point, the clever protocols, Perry and other
KISS advocates have a very strong (albeit social) point.  Joe
Sixpack can understand *and test* levers or Hollerith cards
or their optical counterparts.  Good luck getting him to understand
number theory.  It would be better in many estimations to have
even coercible voting than to have "Trust Me" apply to electing a
(Not that the govt will avoid using that phrase once elected :-)

@_date: 2004-04-08 17:11:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Research Shows Explosives Remain Part Of Human Hair 
Amyl nitrate ("poppers" in head/sex shops) should have the opposite
affect on TSA goons than normals, ie it should cause some sphincter
in them.  Another thing to spill in the lav.

@_date: 2004-04-08 17:08:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Research Shows Explosives Remain Part Of Human Hair 
Yep.  Everyone who's serious -from Dr. Kazcynzski to the ALF/Earth!
knows about keeping your DNA, prints, fibers, toolmarks off the product.
You even wipe the stuff from the hardware store so that the *clerk's*
prints are off, since that would tip location.
And McVeigh used ammonium nitrate which wasn't tested, and as a
highly soluable (in fact deliquescent) inorganic it probably won't
persist like a nitrated organic.  Also common as dirt in agville.
Nothing like dropping a little Miracle Gro in the men's room at the
airport to
keep the mass spec goon awake :-)
Note that if hair is collected they've got your DNA too.

@_date: 2004-04-09 17:48:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Gmail as Blacknet 
Hardly.  One could put together a very slick "drop file here for
encrypted net storage"
script in a day.  One could even prototype this using any net mail
system like
Yahoo, albeit with a rather piddling storage capacity.
By including plaintext search tokens (meaning known only to you, perhaps
from hashing keywords) you could use Gmail's search feature to find
stored data.
This uses local encryption and net-based storage & backup.  Sounds good
to me.
It would be rather telling if Google said "no encrypted email" wouldn't
it? :-)

@_date: 2004-04-09 17:36:30
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Gmail as Blacknet 
Wow are you non-commercial :-)
All the spy stores, sec phone makers, disk encryptors, VPN vendors, etc
will be paying top dollar to get seen by privacy fans.
Perhaps PGP etc will take out ads for those who *don't* have this
header :-)

@_date: 2004-04-08 17:21:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Gmail as Blacknet 
I disagree.  A punk would assume any server not under their control
archives everything, as do all routers between said punk and the server.
But second, as lovers of
We should use the service but only send encrypted mail :-)
The net never forgets.  BlackNet would support that behavior even in
the face of Men with Guns.
The LA riots were excellent reminders to the layfolk that guns are
important.  BlackNet's persistant-despite-your-guns behavior is
an excellent reminder to curb your info-promiscuity.
Yep.  It could still be useful for things like distributed data storage,
dead-man switches, etc.  where content is encrypted.  Much like
any other free service, only nominally with more storage.
I think people have not quite gotten their hands around the
speed at which information can be disseminated online.
-Monica Lewinsky, LATimes 9 may 01

@_date: 2004-04-08 18:28:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies 
You mean Johnny's *replicators*, a vN machine is just one with
a changable program store.  But you mentioned Jared Diamond
(and used the phrase "proto-cat") so you are forgiven.
When a bunch of
Geodesic means shortest path, and you'll note if you play with
tracert that the shortest path (as seen on Earth's surface) is rarely
What you really mean is "highly & cheaply connected", although your
investment in the word "geodesic" is probably too far gone for you
to change.

@_date: 2004-04-09 17:43:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Meshing costs (Re: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies) 
Meshnets (everyone's a router) is cool, admittedly.  But are you going
to spend *your* battery life routing someone else's message?
Fixed P2P energy costs are trivial.  Not so for mobile P2P.
And if your meshnodes are mains-powered, you have wires going there,
so wireless is less useful.  Solar nodes might be useful.
yet in

@_date: 2004-04-10 22:09:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Meshing costs, the price of RAH's battery 
Yes, as I speculated.
Meshing may not be free.  I think we agree.

@_date: 2004-04-10 22:07:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Meshing costs, the price of RAH's battery 
Morpheus, KaZaa etc. supports this, although you have to use
the GUI manually to change this.   Perhaps you meant other apps,
or you meant automatic QoS of the voice-before-email type.
Yes.  I just posted a message clarifying this.
Yep, and its obviously important for 1/R^2 "last mile" techs using RF,
but otherwise
a metric that accounts for how bits actually get around is what matters.
A postcard or a phone call to my neighbor still go far away, then back.
A globally optimized market (aka RAH's geodesics) might require checking
an authoritative (but voluntary) clearinghouse on the other side of the
PS look up "caida" they do IP & geography for fixed nodes.

@_date: 2004-04-10 17:36:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Meshing costs, the price of RAH's battery 
A car represents abundant power.  RF issues aside, may as
well be fixed & mains powered.
A car is not what's meant by "mobile".  Think handsets, laptops, PDAs
with self-contained power.

@_date: 2004-04-10 04:03:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Meshing costs, the price of RAH's battery 
to be
One can run a P2P app from mains-powered home machine
and incur only a minor bandwidth penalty, which you can
possibly throttle when you're busy.  But my
understanding of *mobile* devices (where meshing matters) is that they
severely power constrained.  To the extent that
boozohol power cells and various semiconductor/logic
tricks are being used, despite the difficulties they require.
So, get a clue.  When your battery runs out, you
get *zero* benefit from the mesh.  Or even your local
device *sans network*.
The traffic-fraction and the extrapolation of Moore's 'law' are largely
for the next decade.  In fact, given that standby usage will *decrease*
to transmit usage only makes the relative proportions worse.  I don't
care if you use a picoamp on standby/listen, you'll still need a few
milliwatts to forward a packet.  Or more, if there are no nearby
cooperative nodes.
Sure, in the distant future, mobile power may so vastly dominate
power usage that meshes become practical.  (There's even
positive feedback, the more meshnodes the less transmit power.)
Meantime, uncompensated altruism is maladaptive.
With something like soldier-radios, or smart dusts, meshes will happen
sooner, since the
Many eat the Few.  For *your* cellphone, you have a *long* time to wait
for it to be Rational to share your battery with randoms.
In RAH's defense, mesh-everything is not necessary for the
which he idiosyncratically calles 'geodesic' info flow, to have big
Neither is a geodesic (in any physical or otherwise meaningful sense)
net important.
Just cheaper info to more people.  And that's been happening since
ponies carried dead trees with stamps.
Re-reading RAH's "if they pay me enough" reply, it is also right that a
price can be set on the wattage you've sherpa'ed, perhaps so that you
can pay off your usage of said mesh
by letting others use your batteries.  And the micropayments will be
feasible thanks to
real cheap info + crypto, what RAH's undiagnosed brain tumor labels
geodesic info flow.   Perhaps the price of being a meshrouter to others
even depend on the wattage you have left.  Your phone will negotiate
with Fred's phone (has 10 Joules left but is 1000 m away) and Joe's
(has 5 Joules but is 100 m away).
But that's economics/physics applied to resource usage, nothing new,
despite the neologisms and extrapolation.

@_date: 2004-04-10 03:35:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Gmail as Blacknet (legally required forgetting) 
contrary to
know of
I don't know about your anecdote, but Mr. May's original point
was that the law *requires* companies to forget.   Which is
of course an illegitimate intrusion of the state into private affairs.
And the responsibles need killing.
Ahhh, that feels better.
"When I was your age we didn't have Tim May! We had to be paranoid
on our own! And we were grateful!" --Alan Olsen

@_date: 2004-04-10 17:13:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Fortress America mans the ramparts 
"Security theatre" is perhaps as good, and fewer syllables besides.
"Fortress America" might be "Maginot-Asylum America" more precisely.
PS: what happens if your passport's chip doesn't work?   Do you get
sent back and the airline fined $10K?  Do you wait extra time while
the still-readable passport number indexes your record online?
How much extra time?  (Anyone have experience with domestic
eg traffic pigs discovering that your magstrip is corrupted?)
Are all chip biometrics encrypted with the same key?  How much does
that cost on BlackNet these days?    How much extra should our Seals
and Documents dept charge?
Do you need an air quality management district permit to burn hostages?

@_date: 2004-04-10 17:33:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: legally required forgetting 
Thanks for the distinction, however it still makes CC folks slaves of
State.  Suppose Joe Badcredit finds a blank application and applies?
The State then uses violence to coerce the CC into non-consensual
First, no one (but you) mentioned subcultures, which is what TM
referred to (not subraces).
Second, corporations generally welcome anyone with money to buy their
even if the corp folks don't condone the culture of the buyers.
Not sure what you mean by 'state corporatism', which sounds like
state collectivism.
Freedom is only tested when you find it objectionable.  (And BTW you're
one injecting some of Tim's other rants; why?)
Those who use violence against others (deprivation of freedom)
have earned the same.  Especially if its state violence.  Dig?
PS: I saw a bit of news on pills to help people forget.  Eg to help
avoid post traumatic stress.  One of the more objectionable objections
to this was that witnesses might become unreliable.  As if the state had
right to force you to remember something.  (And tequila works pretty
well although you need to get inside the consolidation window.)

@_date: 2004-04-11 16:42:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: On Needing Killing 
When faced with force, you reply with force when you can.
Correct.  But the existence of technical means for playing with bits and
hiding from oppression does not change the ethics of the material world.
When the State's otherwise legitimate monopoly on force is abused
the appropriate response is not to hope the oppressors go away.
When the Jews were put in the ghettos, an abuse of State force,
the appropriate response was more than merely publishing anonymous
or mumbling in secret languages.  There are times when agents have
earned killing.
Blacknet is a robust archive for words, immune to force
(by State or private actors), but merely words.
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things
have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to
make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?"
--Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2004-04-14 19:01:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: On Killing Blaster 
Isn't it within the Official Charter to explore the limits of social
crypto?  The constraints imposed by possible states?
It is true that
Why do you think this would stop certain states?  Look at the
content-filters used in public libraries and schools.  (Can't
find poultry recipes or oncology info because of mammary glands.)
They can't control crypto, which is math; and they can't control
behavior, even if they can control bulk behavior.  But they do control
commerce and mass
production and the physical bit-handlers.  The FCC has vans.
Your mesh won't work so well when the only meshers are afraid of being
caught, and sparse besides.
Don't you regard the limits of the (e.g., cypherpunk) model as part of
the study?
When I say "the FCC has vans" (etc) it is sometimes only representative
precursors of trends and possibilities, if it isn't obvious.
You are projecting.  I don't have goals of anarchy.  (I'm a lib.)
I'm interested in the social implications of, and tech behind, crypto
I assume most are like this, though some are socialist, and you are
a troll.
AP is sci-fi (for now) precisely because of the control over the
implementations of bits and currency.
That some here predicted, even advocated that such a technical system
would be used
to clean up the civil servant population is another matter entirely.
Both are valid if orthogonal points.  (Civilian-authorities get fragged
even without compooters)
And IMHO you'd be immoral, for some possible future (and past) civil
servant populations, to object to this encouragement, to feel a little
that one possible future isn't a boot stomping a face, forever (even if
that face
is reading uncensorable news while being stomped)
I don't think my membership card requires me to believe that there is
one possible future outcome.   It requires me to understand how such
a system works, including how it might work on a social level.
Get off the assassination thang.  Yes, uncensorable news & views
will be possible.  That's not sufficient.
Freedom of expression (bits) is one of many rights.  Crypto can do the
most here.
But bits don't exist outside of physical implementations, so they rely
on physical rights.
Also, most rights are physical rights ("the right to be left alone" is
more general than
"the right to be free of compelled speech").
That is what needs
Um, we're talking about meshing radios, not guns or AP.  And social
(govt) control of things like those radios, and networks, and the
that use them.  And how such physical control might affect reaching the
cypherpunk-predicted future.
Sorry that I pissed on your orthodoxy by doubting that everything was
inevitable in its strongest form..

@_date: 2004-04-13 03:03:30
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: On Killing Blaster 
See "asymetric warfare"
Sometimes a stronger adversary decides its not worth it.  See Lebanon
and a few hundred dead Marines.  See Vietnam.
(Speaking of which, I heard McCain arguing that if we leave .iq
the place becomes a hotbed of 'terrorism'.  Anyone remember the
Domino theory?)
And of course, if it's possible to
No, then he'll sue you.
You forget that there are no bits which are not physical.  Physical
things reside on land leased from the State (try not paying your
real estate taxes).  All cables make a landing somewhere.
Meanwhile, P2P, WiFi,
Where are you going to buy your hardware from, that it can't be
shut down?   How are you going to hide your TX from the DXing
white vans?

@_date: 2004-04-16 18:31:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: US Brings Freedom of Expression to Iraq 
We are freedom fighters.
They are terrorists.
Any questions?
What is bizarre about offering a contract?   "Get your filthy hands off
my desert
xor suffer for not doing same"    The US said the same (with a more
piece of real estate) to the UK, once.  Apparently some need to be
that gentlemen don't occupy other countries.
There are comments in the oral contract which remind the populace that
suffer for the behavior of their "leaders".   Its all very obvious.
Osama, bless
his naif little heart, even credits the populace with being rational,
and with
controlling the leaders.  Obviously he's not paid close enough
attention, but
reception is poor in the hills.  Maybe he thinks Spain's sensitivity is
Maybe the weeks leading up to the next US Election will be extra fun.
Good luck getting any reasonable discussion about the truce in this
There's also a PR value to other Moslems in offering a truce.  And the
of warning before acting.  Maybe some stego value too, but that would be

@_date: 2004-04-19 16:19:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Vote Market 
Maybe we
would flow
And that is why this list is still worth reading.  Innovative
socio-crypto speculation
free of inhibition.
Its interesting to consider what the economic benefits would be to
voters, and the buyers.  The bizmodel.  How it varies with 'obedience'
to one's vote-employer.   Receipts give 100% obedience.  No receipts
range from 0% to 100% depending on the population's behavior.  In
some races, buying 10% obedience in 30% of the population can swing
a race.
How many issues could a voter play, what kind of money
are we talking about?
The inertia (as in Men w/ Guns, besides insufficient anonymity /
anoncash infrastructure)
in getting such a market set up is large :-)
Though in one sense, are the price of stock-shares the price of
control-votes in guiding a
private entity?  Except confused by the value of the stock as an asset.
PS: the Mw/G who want to see your ATM receipts already see them :-)

@_date: 2004-04-23 20:03:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap  push 
Since passphrases are in persons' minds, and minds and wills can be
one has to consider the security implications of this.   Mil orgs don't
that prisoners are able to keep secrets under arbitrary duress.
Duress layering buys time for your colleages and family in all cases,
whether they
kill you or not.   If they're not killing you, then maybe they'll buy
one of the
deeper levels of duress layers.
If you physically destroy the keys or the data, there is little to gain
by torturing
you or your family.  That is superior to gambling that your deeper
duress levels
are convincing to the man with the electrodes.
An iButton that you could crunch in your teeth to destroy it would be

@_date: 2004-04-23 19:45:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap  push 
The first thing cops do is make backups of the harddrives.
So you can't destroy the "real data".
You would need a tamper-"proof" card (ie trusted security region)
to implement this.  None of the commercial memory gizmos,
from USB dongles to stamp-sized memory cards, do this.
None of the smart cards are user programmable and none
include secure wipe, AFAIK.  Do PDA apps?  How do they
store data between battery changes?
Is it enough to hold a tiny memory card for a minute over a lighter?
Merely snapping the card into pieces?   Does one need to
make a scene with fireworks?   (I'm remembering that spammer
who tried to eat a small memory card.)

@_date: 2004-04-23 19:31:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap  push 
Thanks, I hadn't thought about the sensory impact of various
methods.  Varying amounts of bang vs. heat vs smoke vs lava.   Obviously
affect usage environment.
of you
Yes, particularly if USB flash memory has no persistance.  But there is
no "clear" button on a USB dongle.  "Secure clear" would require a small
amount of logic.
You know the rules of the game, you have to assume that.

@_date: 2004-04-23 19:18:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap    push 
Yes, this has been discussed before, in addition to using it
retributionally --finger some deserving civil servant's offspring.
But eventually they'll come back to you wanting names that
turn out to be legit, and reveal yet more names.
Which is not to say that such countermeasures aren't valuable
for the *warning time* your colleages get as a result.
I haven't looked recently.  One property that such a FS or app should
have is
that it is useful for something *else* besides stego & duress layers.
a watermark :-) management tool that can embed multiple watermarks that
interfere.  Hmm... a meaty problem... tasty, with heavy theory sauce..
One can also buy mag ribbon which is more convenient than the
you are referring to.  I know that pyrotechs coat Mg curls and the like
blackpowder paste (apply wet then dry).  A coil of coated ribbon and a
would make a neat little daughterboard :-)   Just don't take it on an
There are patents on similar, of course.
Testing might get expensive unless you can get destructive-test dongles
and how much effort do you expend trying to read the data?

@_date: 2004-04-22 18:53:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap   push 
Interrogators check out each confession.  First ones won't work, bogus
keys.  Just noise.  Second confession reveals pork recipes hidden in
pictures.  Beneath that layer of filesystem is stego'd some
porn.  Beneath that, homosexual porn.    But your interrogators
want the address book stego'd beneath that.  They know that these
are stego distraction levels, uninteresting to them.  You'll give it to
them eventually.  If you give them a believable but fake one,
it will damage innocents or true members of your association.
My comments were written with that in mind.  I'm familiar with
(etc) with layers of deniable stego.
I wonder how quickly one could incinerate a memory card in the field
with high success rate?   Destroy the data and the passphrases don't

@_date: 2004-04-22 15:31:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap  push 
Torture, of the sender, receiver, or their families, has worked pretty
If you're good you don't even leave marks.

@_date: 2004-04-28 17:06:04
@_author: "Major Variola (ret. 
@_subject: Arrested for webmastering 
Computer Student on Trial for Aid to Muslim Web Sites
By TIMOTHY EGAN
Published: April 27, 2004
OISE, Idaho, April 23  Not long after the terrorist attacks of Sept.
11, 2001, a group of Muslim students led by a Saudi Arabian doctoral
candidate held a candlelight vigil in the small college town of Moscow,
Idaho, and condemned the attacks as an affront to Islam.
Today, that graduate student, Sami Omar al-Hussayen, is on trial in a
heavily guarded courtroom here, accused of plotting to aid and to
maintain Islamic Web sites that promote jihad.
As a Web master to several Islamic organizations, Mr. Hussayen helped to
maintain Internet sites with links to groups that praised suicide
bombings in Chechnya and in Israel. But he himself does not hold those
views, his lawyers said. His role was like that of a technical editor,
they said, arguing that he could not be held criminally liable for what
others wrote.
Civil libertarians say the case poses a landmark test of what people can
do or whom they can associate with in the age of terror alerts. It is
one of the few times anyone has been prosecuted under language in the
antiterrorism law known as the USA Patriot Act, which makes it a crime
to provide "expert guidance or assistance" to groups deemed terrorist.
"Somebody who fixes a fax machine that is owned by a group that may
advocate terrorism could be liable," said David Cole, a Georgetown
University law professor who argued against the expert guidance part of
the antiterrorism law this year, in a case where it was struck down by a
federal judge.
Compare to the recent law where editing a paper from a nasty nation
would be illegal.  The IEEE kissed Ashcroft's ass, other
periodicals objected more.
Of course there are limits in regards to freedom of speech.  They are as
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and
petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
Everything else is, of course, allowed.  -Sunder

@_date: 2004-05-19 19:11:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [ISN] Safe and insecure 
Plausible deniability its called.
There's also the 802.11b freenet movements, a serious
of free access.  (Some perhaps are facetious but some are real.)
You could fly a flag of the warchalking symbol.  Or put a decal on
your window.  As evidence of your freenet intent.
Practically, you could buy another AP, set it up "secure",
and use that for your own access.
Not a bad recycling of old .11b-only APs, setting up free hotspots.
Interference should be small, even if your parallel, secured AP system
(which probably
supports more modern cards/protocols/bands) has
to drop down to the same .11b that your freenet uses.
Its also a bit of a honeypot and sniffer.  Its like putting an extension
of your phone on the street, limited to free local calls only, but
capable of recording all calls.   (A rather interesting
Could lead to trouble before the trial though.  Like being an anon email
YMMV.  IANAL.

@_date: 2004-05-19 17:39:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: ID Pass? But I Am Mayor.. 
I don't think that wearing your S & M gear reduces your security risk...

@_date: 2004-05-19 17:37:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: IRS May Help DOD Find Reservists 
much bad.
On the positive side, the inconvenience to the now pudgy, middle-class
will increase resistance to the colonialism.
Perhaps you were in those BZ experiments and have forgotten..
Good thing that claymore was being rewired, eh? :-)

@_date: 2004-05-19 17:27:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Modexp 
Modexp is Prometheus send from Olympia to let us speak between
Modexp has many implementation subtleties.
Modexp performs what, in a block cipher, would be called mixing, by
using multiplication.
(e.g., The IDEA block cipher uses multiplication for this.)
Modexp is stirring dye into water by turning the cranks of an eggbeater
a certain
number of times, and then getting the dye back to its original position
by reversing
the motion a different, but related, number of times.
DH is ephemeral, where "identity" is merely a communication endpoint
constant for the session.
RSA lets you release (not necessarily publish in the phone book sense)
*persistant* authenticators for persistant "identities".  So you
can assure that an endpoint is the "same" across sessions across time.
Modexp is the core of it all.
"All is number"     -Pythagoras

@_date: 2004-05-19 17:08:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: al-qaeda.net node downtime 
Congrats on being able to exercise your 2nd amendment rights a little
bit more..

@_date: 2004-05-14 15:05:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Terrorism law applied to youth group 
Indictment against violent Bronx gang includes terrorism  charges
 By Associated Press
 Friday, May 14, 2004
 NEW YORK - Nineteen members of a street gang accused of
 menacing their neighborhood have been indicted on murder and
 other charges as acts of terror, believed to be the first use of the
 state's anti-terrorism law against a gang.

@_date: 2004-05-07 15:27:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: No stinkin' constitution here 
"Material-witness warrants are used by the government to hold people
 suspected of having direct knowledge about a crime or to give agents
 time to investigate."
                   ALOHA, Ore.  A Portland lawyer was detained Thursday
by the FBI after
                   federal officials linked his fingerprint to
bomb-related evidence associated with
                   the Madrid railway attacks that killed 191 people in
March, a federal law
                   enforcement official said.
                   The arrest of Brandon Mayfield, 37, raises the
possibility of a U.S. connection
                   to the March 11 bombings, which Spanish authorities
have blamed on Islamic
                   extremists.
                                                           The former
                                                           officer, a
                                                           convert, was
held on a
material-witness warrant
                                                           after the FBI
                                                           his home in
the Portland
                                                           suburb of
                                                           Mayfield's
arrest was
                                                           first
reported Thursday
                                                           on Newsweek
                                                           magazine's
                                                           He has not
been charged
                                                           with any
crime, and the
                                                           federal
official stressed
                                                           that the
investigation was
                                                           continuing
and is in many
                   ways preliminary. Spanish officials cautioned earlier
this week that they did not
                   consider the fingerprint evidence to be conclusive.
                   Material-witness warrants are used by the government
to hold people
                   suspected of having direct knowledge about a crime or
to give agents more
                   time to investigate.

@_date: 2004-05-04 17:32:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [FoRK] Why We Are Losing The War on Terrorism 
This is a sham.  Their traffic analysis tools are very competent.
And pervasive.
They are perhaps jockeying for money for translators, since that
may be the limiting resources.  That may be what keeps the
signal to noise down so that further resources can be applied.
Tracking and correlating are not the bottlenecks.

@_date: 2004-05-07 15:38:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: AP is back... 
We in al Qaeda organization are committed to a prize of 10,000 grams of
gold to whoever kills Bremer,
his deputy, the commander of American forces or his deputy in Iraq," the
voice said.
Bin Laden also offers 1kg of gold for killing a US
soldier or civilians, and 500 grams for killing an allied
civilian or soldier.
Terrorists in Fallujah claim they'll
give $15 million each for the heads of
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, Lt. Gen.
Ricardo Sanchez and Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmit.
How do you declare this on your 1040?
Can Americans involved in friendly-fire incidents collect?

@_date: 2004-05-12 20:55:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: We're jamming, we're jamming, we hope you like jammin too 
I hope the subject line was not too obscure, mon.
ASK = amplitude shift keying, which I believe is the RFID modulation
Elmer = guru/wizard/elder in HAMspeak
Jingle: Ask any mermaid you happen to see, what's the best tuna? Chicken
of the sea.
Ie, fish in cans.
Sorry Charlie.  Charlie don't surf, but that's because tuna cans don't
give enough forward gain.
Tying knots in the cultural web,

@_date: 2004-05-12 17:47:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: We're jamming, we're jamming, we hope you like jammin too 
RFID jamming should be very easy and a quite amusing DoS attack
on commercial targets.  Easy because its not frequency hopping, low
power, and relatively low frequency.  Particularly cute would be
transmitting sex-toy codes intermittently.
ASK any Elmer you happen to see,
what's the best jamming, RFID..
(With apologies to the tuna industry and those too young to
know the jingle.  Or to know the RF double meanings.)

@_date: 2004-05-20 16:02:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Science: throttling computer viruses 
Gist: they can spread too fast to deal with unless you throttle all
Science, Vol 304, Issue 5670, 527-529 , 23 April 2004
COMPUTER SCIENCE:
 Technological Networks and the Spread of Computer Viruses
 Justin Balthrop, Stephanie Forrest, M. E. J. Newman, Matthew M.
 Computer viruses and worms are an increasing problem throughout the
world. By some estimates 2003 was the worst year yet:
 Viruses halted or hindered operations at numerous businesses and other
organizations, disrupted cash-dispensing machines,
 delayed airline flights, and even affected emergency call centers. The
Sobig virus alone is said to have caused more than $30
 billion in damage (1). And most experts agree that the damage could
easily have been much worse. For example, Staniford et al.
 describe a worm that could infect the entire Internet in about 30 s
(2). A worm of this scale and speed could bring the entire
 network to a halt, or worse.
 The term virus refers to malicious software that requires help from
computer users to spread to other computers. E-mail
 viruses, for instance, require someone to read an e-mail message or
open an attached file in order to spread. The term worm
 refers to infections that spread without user intervention. Because
they spread unaided, worms can often spread much faster than
 viruses. Computer infections such as viruses and worms spread over
networks of contacts between computers, with different
 types of networks being exploited by different types of infections. The
structure of contact networks affects the rate and extent of
 spreading of computer infections, just as it does for human diseases
(3-7); understanding this structure is thus a key element in
 the control of infection.
 Both traditional and network-based epidemiological models have been
applied to computer contagion (3-5). Recent work has
 emphasized the effects of a network's degree distribution. A network
consists of nodes or vertices connected by lines or edges,
 and the number of edges connected to a vertex is called its degree. Of
particular interest are scale-free networks, in which the
 degree distribution follows a power law, where the fraction pk of
vertices with degree k falls off with increasing k as k- for some
constant . This structure has been
 reported for several technological networks, including the Internet (8)
and the World Wide Web (9, 10).
 Infections spreading over scale-free networks are highly resilient to
control strategies based on randomly vaccinating or otherwise disabling
vertices. This is bad news
 for traditional computer virus prevention efforts, which use roughly
this strategy. On the other hand, targeted vaccination, in which one
immunizes the highest degree
 vertices, can be very effective (11, 12). These results rely crucially
on the assumption that the degree distribution follows a power law, and
also that the contact
 pattern is static.
 Many technological networks relevant to the spread of viruses, however,
are not scale-free. Vaccination strategies focusing on highly connected
network nodes are
 unlikely to be effective in such cases. Furthermore, network topology
is not necessarily constant. In many cases the topology depends on the
replication mechanism
 used by a virus and can be manipulated by virus writers to circumvent
particular control strategies that we attempt. If, for instance,
targeted vaccination strategies
 were found to be effective against viruses spreading over scale-free
networks, viruses might be rewritten so as to change the structure of
the network to some
 non-scale-free form instead.
 To make these ideas more concrete, we consider four illustrative
networks, each of which is vulnerable to attack: (A) the network of
possible connections between
 computers using the Internet Protocol (IP), (B) a network of shared
administrator accounts for desktop computers, (C) a network of e-mail
address books, and
 (D) a network of e-mail messages passed between users.
 In network A, each computer has a 32-bit IP address and there is a
routing infrastructure that supports communication between any two
addresses. We consider
 the network in which the nodes are IP addresses and two nodes are
connected if communication is possible between the corresponding
computers. Many
 epidemics spread over such an IP network. Notable examples include the
Nimda and SQLSlammer worms.
 Network B is a product of the common operating system feature that
allows computer system administrators to read and write data on the
disks of networked
 machines. Some worms, including Nimda and Bugbear, can spread by
copying themselves from disk to disk over this network.
 Network C has nodes representing users and a connection from user i to
user j if j's e-mail address appears in i's address book. Many e-mail
viruses use address
 books to spread (for example, ILoveYou). A closely related network is
network D, in which the nodes represent computer users, and two users
are connected if
 they have recently exchanged e-mail. Viruses such as Klez spread over
this network.
 Degree distributions have been measured for examples of each of the
four networks (see the figure). In network A, all vertices have the same
degree, so the
 distribution has a single peak at this value (blue histogram). In
network B, the distribution consists of four discrete peaks, presumably
corresponding to different
 classes of computers, administrators, or administration strategies (red
                                       Infectious connections. (Left)
Degree distributions for the IP (blue) and administrator (red) networks.
                                       administrator network data were
collected on a system of 518 users of 382 machines at a large
                                       Computers in this network are
connected if any user has administrative privileges on both computers.
                                       Cumulative degree distributions
for the e-mail address book (blue) and e-mail traffic (red) networks.
The e-mail
                                       address book data were collected
from a large university (7). The e-mail traffic data were collected for
                                       e-mail activity of a large
corporate department over a 4-month period (18).
 The two e-mail networks have more continuous distributions and are
shown as cumulative histograms. Although neither network has a power-law
degree distribution,
 both have moderately long tails, which suggests that targeted
vaccination strategies might be effective. However, calculations show
that for network C, about 10% of
 the highest degree nodes would need to be vaccinated to prevent an
epidemic from spreading (7), whereas network D would require about 80%.
The first of these
 figures is probably too high for an effective targeted vaccination
strategy, and the second is clearly far too high. (Targeted vaccination
would be entirely ineffective in
 the other two networks as well, because the nodes are much more highly
 The two e-mail networks illustrate the ways in which different virus
replication strategies can lead to different network topologies. An
e-mail virus could look for
 addresses in address books, thereby spreading over a network with a
topology like that of network C, or it could search through other files
or folders on the machine
 for addresses of senders and recipients of archived e-mail messages,
giving a topology more like network D. Another example is provided by
the Nimda virus,
 which infects Web servers by targeting random IP addresses, producing a
network like network A. However, if the virus had a more intelligent way
of selecting IP
 addresses to attack (e.g., by inspecting hyperlinks), then it might
spread over a topology more like that of the Web, which is believed to
have a power-law degree
 distribution (9, 10).
 A control strategy is needed that is immune to changes in network
topology and that does not require us to know the mechanisms of
infections before an outbreak. A
 number of methods have been proposed (13). One such strategy is
throttling, first introduced for the control of misbehaving programs
(14) and recently extended to
 computer network connections (15). In this context, throttling limits
the number of new connections a computer can make to other machines in a
given time period.
 Because it works by limiting spreading rates rather than stopping
spread altogether, the method does not completely eliminate infections
but only slows them down.
 Frequently, however, this is all that is necessary to render a virus
harmless or easily controllable by other means (16).
 Throttling is most effective when viruses generate traffic at a rate
significantly higher than normal network communications. Luckily this is
true for many common
 protocols and the viruses that exploit them (15, 17). For a virus to
spread, it needs to propagate itself to many different machines; to
spread quickly, it must do so
 at a high rate. For example, the Nimda worm attempts to infect Web
servers at a rate of around 400 new machines per second, which greatly
exceeds the normal
 rate of connections to new Web servers of about one per second or
slower (15).
 A throttling mechanism that limited connections to new Web servers to
about one per second would slow Nimda by a factor of 400 without
affecting typical
 legitimate traffic. This could easily be enough to change a serious
infection into a minor annoyance, which could then be eliminated by
traditional means. Slowing the
 spread of Nimda by a factor of 400 (from a day to more than a year)
would have allowed plenty of time to develop and deploy signatures and
prophylactic software
 patches. (Of course, if throttling were implemented on only a subset of
the nodes in a network, then infections could spread more easily.) In
addition to reducing
 virus spread, throttling has the practical benefit of reducing the
amount of traffic generated by an epidemic, thus reducing demand on
networking equipment--often
 the primary symptom of an attack.
 Targeted vaccination strategies for the control of computer viruses are
unlikely to be generally effective because the networks over which
viruses spread are not
 sufficiently dominated by highly connected nodes, and because network
topology can be influenced strongly by the way in which a virus is
written. Throttling
 provides a promising alternative strategy that works with any network
topology and can greatly reduce viruses' impact by slowing their spread
to the point where
 they can be treated by conventional means. The disparity between the
speed of computer attacks (machine and network speed) and the speed of
manual response
 (human speed) has increased in recent years. If this trend continues,
automated mechanisms like throttling will likely become an essential
tool, complementing the
 largely manual approach of software patching in use today. The idea of
rate limits is not specific to viruses, and could be applied to many
situations in which an
 attack or cascading failure occurs faster than possible human response.
 References and Notes
    1.Citations documenting these events are listed on
 as are citations to each of the viruses
and worms mentioned above.
    2.S. Staniford, V. Paxson, N. Weaver, in Proceedings of the USENIX
Security Symposium (USENIX Association, Berkeley, CA, 2002), pp.
    3.J. O. Kephart, S. R. White, in Proceedings of the 1991 IEEE
Computer Society Symposium on Research in Security and Privacy (IEEE
      Society, Los Alamitos, CA, 1991), pp. 343-359.
    4.R. Pastor-Satorras, A. Vespignani, Phys. Rev. Lett. 86, 3200
(2001) [APS].
    5.A. L. Lloyd, R. M. May, Science 292, 1316 (2001).
    6.H. Ebel, L.-I. Mielsch, S. Bornholdt, Phys. Rev. E 66, 035103
(2002) [APS].
    7.M. E. J. Newman, S. Forrest, J. Balthrop, Phys. Rev. E 66, 035101
(2002) [APS].
    8.M. Faloutsos, P. Faloutsos, C. Faloutsos, Comput. Commun. Rev. 29,
251 (1999).
    9.R. Albert, H. Jeong, A.-L. Barabsi, Nature 401, 130 (1999)
   10.J. M. Kleinberg, S. R. Kumar, P. Raghavan, S. Rajagopalan, A.
Tomkins, in Proceedings of the International Conference on Combinatorics
      Computing, vol. 1627 of Lecture Notes in Computer Science
(Springer, Berlin, 1999), pp. 1-18.
   11.R. Albert, H. Jeong, A.-L. Barabsi, Nature 406, 378 (2000)
   12.D. S. Callaway, M. E. J. Newman, S. H. Strogatz, D. J. Watts,
Phys. Rev. Lett. 85, 5468 (2000) [APS].
   13.D. Moore, C. Shannon, G. Voelker, S. Savage, in Proceedings of the
22nd Annual Joint Conference of IEEE Computer and Communication
      (INFOCOM) (IEEE Communications Society, New York, 2003), pp.
   14.A. Somayaji, S. Forrest, in Proceedings of the 9th USENIX Security
Symposium (USENIX Association, Berkeley, CA, 2000), pp. 185-197.
   15.M. M. Williamson, in Proceedings of ACSAC Security Conference
(IEEE Computer Society, Los Alamitos, CA, 2002), pp. 61-68.
   16.M. M. Williamson, Complexity 9, 34 (November- December 2003)
   17.M. M. Williamson, in Proceedings of ACSAC Security Conference
(IEEE Computer Society, Los Alamitos, CA, 2003), pp. 76-85.
   18.J. R. Tyler, D. M. Wilkinson, B. A. Huberman, in Communities and
Technologies, M. Huysman, E. Wenger, V. Wulf, Eds. (Kluwer, Dordrecht,
      Netherlands, 2003), pp. 81-95 [publisher's information].
   19.We thank J. Gassaway for help collecting the e-mail address book
data set, C. Hickman for the administrator data set, and J. Tyler and B.
Huberman for the
      e-mail traffic data set. Supported by the James S. McDonnell
Foundation, NSF, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, Intel Corp.,
and Santa Fe
      Institute.

@_date: 2004-06-29 04:26:10
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: your papers please 
D McC is right on the mark, as usual.
D McC is a national treasure, in the Nip sense.
You rape the constitution, we go for head shots.
Any questions, punk?

@_date: 2004-06-29 04:20:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [Politech] Privacy Villain: No-fly stonewallers at FBI, TSA [priv] 
were on
Gordon, Adams, and Breyer are American Heroes.
For the rest, I'll bring the rope.

@_date: 2004-06-29 04:18:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: We're jamming, we hope you like jammin' too 
During the Yugo colonization, microwave ovens with their doorlocks
disabled were used as spoof targets.
Agreed, single points of failure are Allah's gift to mankind.

@_date: 2004-06-27 05:37:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Instant dissemination of cracks, biz models, etc 
You still deal with triangulation and phone-tracking sats as a threat
Yes, the internet effect, as described by Schneir amongst others.
Cracks spreak instantly.
Their *employers* need a viable biz model.  Many of us (quasi academics
or engineers) forget this.  The rest is just earning a living
as an engineer building something, ideally something cool and
under a reasonable schedule for decent pay.
"Il dulce far niente"  The sweetness of doing nothing
My unemployment motto  -S Schear

@_date: 2004-06-27 04:43:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Meshing, Onions, and Liars 
Ok, so I'm commenting on an errata to my own post.  Sosume.
What you need is an Onion network linking cells to POTS or
even other cells.  Ie, you cellcall a number which routes
the call to your desired apparent location.  So you
call the service, say you'd like to appear to be in
Moscow, and a real phone in Moscow connects to your
endpoint.  Phone could be landline or cell; both are
Sorta like bookies in the 70's had POTS phone hacks to bridge
endpoints.  Which one could use today to mislead caller ID.
This is of course vulnerable to eg satellites listening for
your cellphone in the first place, so its not Osama level
telecom rerouting.  But it *would* let you appear to be
at the library if you're at Cheech's place, unless there's
a sytemwide Fedtap on your cell phone.  (Which used to require
a real thinking judge to approve, BTW; now thinking has been
replaced by mere respiration.)
In the non-heterosexual sense, fuck bush.

@_date: 2004-06-25 05:27:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: tastes like... 
LD50 for KCN is about 3mg/Kg.  Not only a good way to eliminate
homeless people (leave a packet around) but if the cops still do
tests you'd want to crush some Castor seeds and extract the water
protein.  A few days later his ribosomes stop working, no more proteins
mean no more fascism.  Also a good plan if you are a vendor to the
of D.C. fascists.

@_date: 2004-06-25 04:50:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Agent Smith 
Not in the US.  In Japan and some nordic countries, only established
names can be registered.
I'm sorry, I only have a memory capacity of 7 plus or minus 2.  I can
my memory, particulary under stress of interrogation.
Or I could use J. Edgar Hoovers which I sometimes mistake for mine.

@_date: 2004-06-17 22:38:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: thanks for all the blowfish 
Well after over a decade of learning and teaching on cypherpunks and
Perry's cryptography list, and before that comp.risks, reading
Cryptogram, scanning bugtraq until I got bored of yet another buffer
overflow or MS legacy hack, accumulating a row of crypto books, and zero
professional certs or classes, but interacting with a hardcore privacy
friend, I'm now employed as a security consultant at a Big Company, at
least for a month or two.
No govt clearances required, of course.
And let me tell you, things are really hilarious out there.  Eg the same
key in every machine everywhere, and in every driver.  And my future
boss proposing a million fixed keys to make it harder, where you send
the index.  A million times more hilarious.
One day interviewing, wearing a visitor badge, I hear two
building-security people
yell a building-access password to each other.  Furthermore its a lame
password.  My future boss was amused at that bit of accidental social
engineering and he pointed out that the security company manages several
other companies, so the regexp (based on the company name) used for this
building was probably extrapolatable to other companies.
Humans are such silly critters.
Anyway, to everyone who's contributed to my informal education, thanks.
I'm not going away, but neither will I have "Il dulce far niente"  (The
sweetness of doing nothing -S Schear's elegant unemployment motto)
Major Variola (ret)

@_date: 2004-06-17 15:23:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Low-elevation skymapping at 2.45 Ghz 
A phased array will work but few of us have the DSP or Ghz skills or $
construct one.  Whereas a scope drive is cheap and directional antenna
are standard ARRL stuff.

@_date: 2004-06-16 22:51:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: we are not impressed 
We Will Not Be Impressed By:
CISSP Security and other Computer Certifications
Security Clearances acheived in the military
Illegal and Unethical acts perpetrated by you in the past
Illegal defacement and intrusion to our webserver(it is not hosted by
us) or
other Modus Data computing resources
(However, we may provide free access to a lab environment in the future
to harness learning
similar to

@_date: 2004-06-17 15:20:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Low-elevation skymapping at 2.45 Ghz 
Perhaps there are speciality glasses or
polymer sheets which reduce that loss.
camera on
on the
size with
Nice idea; the radioastronomers do something like this (cross-band
so they can see what their sources might correspond to.

@_date: 2004-06-16 18:41:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Low-elevation skymapping at 2.45 Ghz 
Exactly.  I wasn't suggesting using the optical reflector (front surface
Al over glass)
but rather merely the tube.
better be
Herr Elloi often points out that a dish can be made of wire mesh instead
of solid for the wavelengths of concern.  This is useful if you're
dealing with wind, or your motor-drive platform expects a load of a
However, it should be known that fiberglass (eg van) panels are
to uwaves AFAIK and that a van with soft tires is a 0th-order
vibration isolation mount.  Amateur holographers use heavy granite
and low inflation inner tubes as optical benches too.   However vans
do rock in the wind and I don't believe the cheap telescope drives can
compensate.  Now if you had 2 802.11 scopes coupled, one pointed
at a bright "guide star", then you could do some cool stabilization.
At sufficiently good mechanical stabilization and gain, you will
encounter perhaps
amplifier electronic noise effects, other transmitters, or reflection
(ghosting) which then become the lower bound.
While not being a HAM, I'm also aware that there are extremely
antennae fixed-frequency wire & pole antennae which are not dish shaped,
but may have less energy-collecting area than a dish.
I believe that a horn shaped input may also be useful for coupling the
of freespace aether to your circuits.  Think trumpet.   Perhaps this
matters only
for transmission; though transmission and reception tend to be equal.  A
microwave horn can be a truncated pyramid, etc.
Merely ideas for America's cryptoscout youth looking to earn another
from the RF group.

@_date: 2004-06-25 05:19:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: my name is Doe, John Doe 
How about Mr. Null Void?  That should be plenty of fun
for data-entry clerks and the like..

@_date: 2004-06-25 04:45:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] When police ask your name, 
I'm out of it for a few weeks and this is what happens.
How many names can a person have?  Anyone can change
their name any number of times if not for fraudulent
purposes.  My brother changed his middle name from
something normal to Cariboo.  My dad's a lawyer so
the fees were zero.  Can I use Major Variola (ret)
as a nym since I use it?  Must I spell my last (real) name which
is hard to write as its from another language?  Can
I abbreviate?  Can I have a religious exemption
(We do not identify our religion to nonbelievers,
nor do we speak to government officials, in my
faith).  Can I use cyrillic or mandarin to write
it, a temporary bout of elective mutism?
Of course lying to a pig is illegal (but not vice
versa) but lying is subject to interpretation.
My name is yahway, ie I am.  Yours is go away,
ie fuck off.
Go for the head shot, they're wearing body armor.
Suicide by police is a noble cause, if you take one of them

@_date: 2004-06-25 04:47:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: My name is ! 
clicks are rare now but may have been common when humans hunted
as they are more discrete.  they are notated by modern linguists as
!.  Vietnamese has punctuation marks up the kazoo.  Futurist types
often pick new names for themselves.  Is ESPN a name?   Can
I use unicode on my son's birth cert?

@_date: 2004-06-27 05:52:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Of course outgoing is impossible inside the TEMPEST box.
But you don't reveal the intermediate locations you drove
through to get to where you broadcast.
I drove to Cheech's with my phone unpowered and my
toll-road-transponder boxed.  Then I drove to the library
and unboxed my gizmos.  Simple.  The gap must have been
a "glitch" to the semiclued Big Bro.
I don't, because I'm a cheapo and professional paranoid.  But in my
'hood, there are many tollroad which use them.  Otherwise you have
to stop and toss coins.  Of course your license and face are video'd
If I had one, I would box it unless I was driving on a toll road.

@_date: 2004-06-27 05:32:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Again I am a few Moore's generations behind.  (Does that make me a
semi-Amish atheist?
Or a reformed Luddite?) Where I vacation sometimes, I would
need a metallized umbrella (or better) and tripod to find a cell
And that rules out valleys leaving ridges, although a few hundred feet
RF cable isn't so expensive.
I am aware of the need for non-fixed antennae for 802.11blah fun; I did
realize that modern cells don't have RF connectors.  I have also heard
of folks war-flying with a simple (tilted) dipole thus pointing part of
the donut-shaped receptive region (orthogonal to the dipole) at the
huh?  Wet kevlar is still strong, no?
The fundamental problem is the head is more agile than the C.G.  However
if you
don't hit a seam, or aren't using something better than a handgun,
only a rapid bit of ballistic neurosurgery will disable the target.
Best to have enabled the claymores when your cameras notice a change.
And as Mr. Burns says, to let the hounds loose.
A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they
have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence
from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own
--George Washington

@_date: 2004-06-27 05:15:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
1. You can't receive calls.  Only make outgoing, from a location
which is known to fascists.
2. Use it for your toll-road-transponder too.

@_date: 2004-06-27 05:01:46
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
They can put half (?) a watt out, some of it absorbed by your brain
and hand BTW.
and I would not hazard a guess as to whether it would be possible
Any signal you put out is trackable to you geographically, whether its
a cell or GPS frequency.
I think  the onion-routing phone scheme is best, albeit if they're
watching your cellphone that UAV will be Hellfiring in your direction
soon enough.  Best to be in crowds of innocents in that case, my
PSYOP consultants suggest.
How many Zionist Hellfires does it take to fry a quadroplegic priest in
a wheelchair BTW?

@_date: 2004-06-27 04:56:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
When you don't want to use it, why should it not be useless?
Your "second order effect" physics is on target.  Nonlinear devices
generate harmonics when tickled.  All devices vary and have
RF signatures.  I read something about that recently somewhere, but
memory fails.
I'm not an Elmer but I pretend to be one on the internet.

@_date: 2004-06-27 04:25:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
or >using an "unofficial" firmware?
    It would be hard to verify/test that you had in fact cut the correct
    and it would depend on the phone, and you would void your warrantee.
    Firmware hacks are of course the free man's last refuge.
Of course disabling your GPS unit will not prevent the fascists from
doing triangulation with signal strength, ie the alternative (and
and less precise alternative).  That's merely physics and
geometry.  To counter that,  you need to hack the antennae and and
can only displace yourself a few miles.
Go for the head shot, they're wearing body armor

@_date: 2004-06-27 04:21:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
It would be hard to verify/test that you had in fact cut the correct
and it would depend on the phone, and you would void your warrantee.
Firmware hacks are of course the free man's last refuge.

@_date: 2004-06-27 04:19:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Sir, I do not own a cellphone.
Do any models let YOU decide to send your location to ANOTHER
phone?   Do any models even let YOU know your OWN approx location
(to within that 100m Fedfascist standard)?
I'm fully aware the pigs track you unless the battery is removed or you
have a TEMPEST case.  I'm suggesting that regular citizens will have
access to that, if (in my cluelessness) they don't already.

@_date: 2004-06-26 23:09:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Eventually the cellphones will be able to tell another phone approx
they are.  Remember the 911-locator fascism?  So the 'victim' would
ask the 'liar' to press a button authorizing disclosure of the approx
The marketing reason would be to help people find others geographically.
But it can also be used to evidence (or not) your location.  "Look mom,
I'm *not* at the mall or Cheech's house, I'm at the library."
Of course all these locations will be in a database which performs a
kind of
latitude/longitude Name Service so Mom won't have to fire up a browser
and go to a mapping page.   GPS/911 services + wireless + inet bridging.
I wouldn't be surprised if DoCoMo wasn't working on it now..

@_date: 2004-06-27 05:13:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: My name is Jyyneh Do'ughh 
Gaelic looks like 7-ASCII-bit line noise to me.  A Gaelic name could be
which clueless fascists would assume the spelling of, but the
correct spelling would be fairly far (in some linguistic Hamming metric)
from the assumed spelling.  How do you spell John Smith in Gaelic?
Just a thought.

@_date: 2004-06-29 01:40:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Silicon carbide in the machine 
Yes.  But a jammer will draw a Hellfire.
I beg to differ, there are (perhaps >1) RF freq assigned to the
It seems that for CDMA or
Yes its cheaper and allowed (for now) to triangulate (to what, 100m?)
using physics; but GPS will become cheaper and cheaper.

@_date: 2004-07-24 02:20:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Got Osama? 
You would enjoy the tradecraft described in the Brit book, which
JYA has stopped propogating, but is available on the P2P net.
As exercise, they broke into brits' houses.   But then, no
BoR, all your serfs belong to us.
Yes a friend of mine's wife was a Russkie with a Biz degree, he posted
her CIA recruitment letter on his cube door....
And as the Operatives have found, you get caught, you are Halal meat,
at best.
H. saps. be the weak link.
That's why you pay taxes, bub.
Until your head is separated from your body...
Well duh, that's part of the deal..
Yes, but HUMINT tends to lose its head when questioned....
on video, no less...
Madrid == October, 2004, dig?

@_date: 2004-07-21 04:07:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Reputation Capital Article 
Then they are morons.  Endpoints = identities, some have more
and robustness to men-with-guns than others.  Any meat entity
can have any number of comm endpoints (aka identities) with variable
persistance, from
one-time-session to forever til revokation.
"When I was your age we didn't have Tim May! We had to be paranoid
on our own! And we were grateful!" --Alan Olsen

@_date: 2004-07-21 04:03:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: phishing: catch and release 
Interesting if true, but only your assertion.  I know not the man.
Phishing relies on humans being stupid.  Half are below average, by
you know.  Bait is cheap.  The net is not meant for commerce.  Dig?

@_date: 2004-07-18 02:00:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: vacuum-safe laptops ? 
own a
With apologies, you really seem a troll at times.
The *power supply* may use can-caps, obviously the bottom of the CPU
is littered with solid-state ceramic babies.

@_date: 2004-07-17 00:41:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt 
the TI from their first learning about their condition)?
When I find out that I have 6 months left, I will take up motorcycle
which my parents prohibited, probably resulting in my respiring
A lone sleeper cell for the Constitution would not be so far from this.
Should they draft my son, I might have to practice a bit of chemistry
(or get a friggin scope and zero it) just then, he being at times a
for my living.  Many slaves died trying to escape, I suspect.
However, I have no terminal illness, so its all moot, take note,
Herrs Spooks.
Have a nice day.

@_date: 2004-07-17 00:34:07
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: US Seeks Bobby Fischer Extradition 
where Martha
Colin was/is played the fool.  He was a killer, wanted to be a diplomat.
They had to let him; but he's so out of the Real Loop is comedic.
thanks for the news re BF.
Supposedly my ancestors go back to Abraham, but you've largely
convinced me to get over the default amerikan zionism.  The germans
should have given
up a slice of the coast of the Med., price of war, a lot nicer than some
desert, fuck the books.   Really the UK's fault, but the progression is
Romans, Brits, then US.
But empire == death,  song here,
how many whatevers, fuck it, if it moves, bomb it, if you're not
with us you're up the chimneys.

@_date: 2004-07-14 05:17:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Trimming the bush 
A recent History channel show indicated that the nuclear football was
in a car a few cars behind the C student.
Glad you weren't swarmed.  Maybe the 1st hasn't been as raped
as the rest of the BoR.  Maybe GWB stole a little of his nieces
valium to chill.

@_date: 2004-07-11 04:50:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Orwell as optimist 
Hey, no offense to short people.  Just *mental* midgets.
We have always been at war with Oceania bin Laden...
You're either with us, or against us.
Vote Kerry, as the antiBush, no matter how sleazy you feel
in the AM.

@_date: 2004-07-11 04:48:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: zombie patriots 
recruitment: the terminally ill.
Yes, that remains valid.  As does anonymous broadcasting, eg
usenet stego.    The essential problem for us sleeper cells is to
be able to access the alt.port DB without 1. this being anomolous
2. the posted files being detectable.
There's a nordic fellow, Nichols something or other, who has
looked for stego'd files in high-bandwidth places.  He has
not found a babypicture hidden in a diagram of the 1945
plane-into-skyscraper picture I have posted at an alt port
with even the tool & passhprase issued.
Just FYI.  I haven't tried posting a double-message to eBay yet,
not really having anyone to communicate with, but it would be trivial.
Data -> compress -> encrypt -> encode
All your faxes are belong to us.  "I read your email" is not
just a bumper sticker in Maryland.

@_date: 2004-07-11 04:38:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Final stage 
this shit.
Sure, along with that Nicaraguan dude.
The tradecraft term is "blowback", to the rest of us, "feedback".
Have a nice day,
MV (ret)

@_date: 2004-07-11 04:36:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] Hi-tech rays to aid terror fight 
Yes.   That Jamaican dude had TATP, triacetyl tri peroxide
if IIRC, in his shoe.   But the dingbat tried to light a shoelace on
a non-smoking flight.
Peroxides need contain zero nitrogen.  That's the thing ---you can
use all the advanced nukechem you want, as col as it is,
you can't distinguish what you need to.   Fuck the TSA.
Avoid Athens, baby.

@_date: 2004-07-09 02:55:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: sweet noise 
If you've ever developed crypto hardware or software, you get to the
point where you memorize the hex for a key & block, and when you
see it computed correctly (even as you tweak the code or RTL)
its a joy.
One can also look at the entropic  properties as you feed test
vectors (eg 1,2,3,4...) into it (emulating a PRNG), and when
you pass Marsaglia's Diehard or otherwise measure 1 bit/symbol,
you know things are cool.
See, you write test progs to encrypt, decrypt, and check
that things D(E(x))=x; you also use published test vectors
as "gold standards".   But I've only got half the protocol
coded, so I could only assure that highly redundant
input gets turned into noise.  Noise, sweet noise, even
if its just eyeballing the hex.
Of course, lots of error handling and input checking to
assure that one has covered all the bases (and corner
cases); but before that tedium there's the joy of making
munitions by typing.
Cypherpunks *do* write code.  Or copy others', wrap it
in a class, and put it together in useful ways.
Under the cold, shaded eyes of a poster of lots of Agent Smiths.
When I was unemployed for a year, which might recur in a month
or so, I was worried about outsourcing, albeit as a lib that bothered
me.  Recently I realized that the kiretsu has outsourced software
to the US, refilling my checking account, even better, saving my
Additional case studies are needed, however, to determine which traits
chemical and biological terrorists might help identify them
because charisma, paranoia, and grandiosity are alo found to varying
degreees among, for example, leaders of political parties, large
corporations, and academic depts. --John T Finn, _Science_ v 289 1
sept 2000

@_date: 2004-07-09 01:59:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Faster than Moore's law, Brinworld 
Although its kinda boring and dry, Brill's work on ubiquitous cameras
is relevent to this list.
In the EE trade mags I've seen 1. how to do strobe flashes efficiently
with camera batteries 2. piezo and/or hydraulic autofocus mechanisms
being developed.  For cellcams.  Stabilization will come too.
And the CMOS boys are fighting to get their sensors as good as
CCDs, though it really doesn't matter, the volume is so high, you
can use funky fabs --just like primitive 6" wafer fabs being used for
cellphone power amps.  Heck, big fat 1 uM wires are better
for analog.  And you can still have your 0.1 uM CMOS logic
do the compression to save bandwidth, which is the commodity
being sold, the handset part of the contract.
In the future only pros will own gizmos that only take pictures.
Just like only surveyors and farmers would own a gizmo that only does

@_date: 2004-07-08 04:17:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: All your data belongs to Redmond 
I am currently working as a security consultant at a major kiretsu
that makes printers/fax/copiers/scanners.  Important eg in
a hospital where HIPAA requires that info not be leaked.
Eg the xerox-tech swaps a drive and gets to look
at the data on it.  Or your accountant is using a wireless laptop
to print your bank numbers.
A program I was working on crashed, and M$'s XP asked me if it
could tell M$ about the "bug".
I looked at the info the "anonymous" message would contain.  It
included the data I was testing with.
I sent a note to my boss.
Anyone know if this can be shut off?
[Apologies if this is an old issue.  As an aside, the 3Ghz work machine
with half a Gig of RAM runs no faster than the 333 Mhz 128Meg Win95
PC this is composed on.  When quantum computing chips come out,
if they run M$ OS, they won't run any faster, but the "assistants" will
be more annoying.]
"This is by-design behavior, not a security vulnerability. "

@_date: 2004-07-05 07:00:03
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: GPS, phones, toothing 
I'd  love to have a transcript of the IEEE spec meeting where
this potential feature was discussed.  :-)

@_date: 2004-07-04 02:14:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: EZ Pass and the fast lane .... 
Meaning one can have a lot of fun while tossing one's change
into the funnel as the privacy-whores cruise by...
Diamond dust in the machine...

@_date: 2004-07-07 04:36:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: UBL is George Washington 
It may be that the only way out is through,
You don't get it.  The way to be free from Colonialists is to remind
the folks *behind the Colonialism* that they are not immune just because
they are bordered by oceans and 0wn3d northern and southern
placid colonies.
UBL understands democracy better than most.
Strangling has nothing to do with it; Tim May used to encourage such
self-suffication, but that's not the Jihad plan.  The plan is to provide
negative reinforcement.   How do you say that in Spanish?

@_date: 2004-07-07 01:44:35
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: UBL is George Washington 
Worked for Gen W.
The only people who are siding with al-qaeda are those whose
Of course their brains are mush, they are *religious*.
Much like the xian loonies in DC
"God, we pray that our actions here give some glory back to you.  We
live in grace even here, and we are not afraid of death. ... None of us
wants to die here, but death is the blink of an eye, and you wake up in
US Navy Chaplain Wayne Hall
But you get better post-mortem sex if you're Muslim.
If al qaeda
They are not after sympathy, they are after your attention.  As in,
"don't tread on me".  As in, "get your filthy hands off my desert".
As in, death to the Romans.
The pentagon hit was apropos, but the pilot hit the wrong side.
Still, nice taking it home like that.
Not even UBL, who knows civil engineering, expected
a pair of implosions.  The pigs, fireman, civilians, etc
were collateral damage --the point was the video.
But architects have to show off, so down they went.
Live and learn.  But the replacement will be taller,
a tower of Babel.
More targets: soft targets with videocameras.  Disneyland,
Olympics, and of course kindergartens on days when parents
would be there with cameras.  Synchronized of course,
so you have zero doubt who it was.
Although they're religious, they know engineering and psyops
as well as the xian loony hegemonists in DC.
Basically its like this: even neighborhood bullies have to sleep.
A wimp with a gallon of gasoline can make a point.
David & Goliath, remember?
All's fair in love and war, baby.

@_date: 2004-07-05 07:02:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: UBL is George Washington 
The yanks did not wear regular uniforms and did not march in
rows in open fields like Gentlemen.  Asymmetric warfare means not
playing by
*their* rules.

@_date: 2004-07-03 04:16:32
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: UBL is George Washington 
UBL's morals, which he unfortunately gets from a book (being a smart
guy, he could derive them himself like any half-cluefull atheist),
are largely convergent with the pre-Judaic/Xian culture the Moslems
forked a few hundred years ago.  (And what, Haiwatha rooted the
tree some time ago?)  Ie, as the Gadsen flag says, "Don't tread
on me".   However, this is contrary to the methods of colonial
agents, eg. Romans, Brits, and Yanks.  Where yanks includes
At this point I will quote the reluctant general,
Trade with all, make treaties with none, and beware of foreign
-George Washington
Where you can replace "all" with "oil" and "none" with Israel.  Etc.
Personally I think North America can be energy sufficient (nuke & coal
but this is an engineering/political issue.  Morally I think our
influence stops
within 3 miles of our coasts, and as high as out ABMs can reach.

@_date: 2004-07-03 04:23:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: more on  more on E-mail intercept ruling - good   grief!!    (fwd from 
("But
Amongst the earliers RAMs were tubes of mercury with a pulse-generator
at one end and a microphone at the other.  The speed of sound provided
the delay, the system required regeneration, like modern DRAMs.
The fascists will define the language they desire, the technologists
have to deal with reality.  App level encryption with
PKs are the answer.  Verification / reputation up to you.

@_date: 2004-07-04 02:19:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: China about to begin realtime censoring SMS messages 
What you need then is also a "telephone tree" to do mass distributions
(randomly time-delayed) without having any one source go "over quota".
Could be phone meshed or use computer SMS I/O.
Wouldn't it be horrible if some otherwise benign, quiet worm infected
computers to implement this?  Zombies aren't just for porn & pills,
they can help spread the newz.

@_date: 2004-07-04 06:54:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Tyler's Education 
Enclosed in a pressurized conduit.  Monitor the pressure.  Harder to tap
without being noticed.

@_date: 2004-07-04 04:25:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Tyler's Education 
They do complicate things.  But I bet their spread-spectrum jitter
is derived from a PRNG.  All your PRNGs are belong to us.  'Specially
because you can just buy them and either analyze their output, or
strip the layers and get back to the Verilog.
Indeed Centaur/Via's x86 w/ crypto is advertized as "fanless"
Just put the ventilated box in a bigger box and use some steel
wool in the ductwork to the outside...
Shielding.  Shielded room.  Shielded building.
Basic idea: electro-magnetic disturbances penetrate only a short
distance into
Folks who deal with low noise amplifiers deal with this all the time.
Ground loops.
Faraday cages.  Low voltage differential signalling.  Grounded thin
metal layer
over your LCD display.
I once worked for a chipmaker and they had a metal room.  Horrible
ventilation.   Copper gaskets on all the seams.  You could probe a chip
in there, with a microscope and micromanipulators.  But they also had a
PC which kinda nulled out the RFI issue. However that PC's output would
not have escaped.  The power cables from
the outside to inside are an issue too.
As Schneier says, pros go after people, not tech; which is not to say
can ignore RF tracking if you're a target.  I don't think you can "fish"
van Ecyk (sp?) tech, although wardriving/flying sorta counts, except
those are intentional emitters.
If I promise you a green card or citizenship, and give you a grand,
will you install this gizmo between the keyboard and computer for me
when you're cleaning the office?  (Assuming you're an 'illegal' working
for shit wages and the Suit has credentials, or cash, or both.  Ask
Nicky Scarfo about this..)
Or plug a camoflaged 802.11blah AP into a RJ-45 and listen from the
(Succeptible to sweeps, but how often are they done?  And real pros use
bursty bugs that aren't broadcasting all the time, eg in the woodwork
of the State Dept.)

@_date: 2004-07-04 02:25:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Tyler's Education 
reliably, I
So?   The State can print money...  And people are cheap.
And digital edges are sharp, in the Ghz even when the "clock" is in the
And boxes need ventilation slots.  Any questions?
Look at eg what NASA can do re: finding fireflies on the moon.
Now drop one "A".
Or replace ASA with RO.
That lets you know they're listening.  Or they have to dispose of the
which lets your colleages know they're onto y'all.
You really need to get up to speed on your Tradecraft, friend.

@_date: 2004-07-04 02:28:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: GPS, phones, toothing 
The cool thing about 'toothing' is that the party you're arranging to
mutually stimulate is within a finite physical range.  An amusing
unintended consequence.

@_date: 2004-07-31 02:25:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  proxies 
We are all just echoes of the voices in his head.
But I did work for a company that owned fabs.  And have kept up with
the semiconductor lit.  Yield is a big deal ---you either fit it on a
inch of Si or you don't make it (profitably).
The "profitably" part is a non-issue when you have black budgets,
ie $400 toilet seats.
Bottom line: they're not ahead in tech, but they can make things that
private-co engineeers only dream of.  DesCrack is a suitcase, get it?
I'll let you speculate on AESCrack :-)

@_date: 2004-07-31 02:22:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto 
No.  Your tooth enamel is static after you grow adult teeth.  Your bones
recycle every 10-20 years.  Your hair gives away your indulgences
which is what you allude to.
Of interest to anthropologists, eg the folks who pinned Otzi's
to other than where he was found.
Anyone who wants to piss-test me will find his desk fully irrigated next

@_date: 2004-07-29 04:34:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  proxies 
there are
You're right on this, I admit.  Its clear that things like smart dust
and gait recognition and
autonomous cruising across the desert are not things the Beast has yet.
I'm not one to dispute physics.  However most professional skeptics
(eg cryptographers) grant the adversary anything from 2 to 10 x the
COTS tech.  Do you *really* think the NSA's DesCrack was built
with old Sun chassis like Gilmore, Kocher, et als???
Remember that the spookfabs don't have to contend with *economics and
They can use *radioisotopes*.  Subs can lay independant cable.
Not a lot of folks walk along the undersea cables,
to say nothing of how bribable telecom folks are.
Conservativism sometimes means being liberal in modelling others'
Be Useful -the Baron

@_date: 2004-07-29 04:21:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto       proxies 
Did you know that your teeth enamel contain isotope ratios that
encode regions where you might have grown up around age 6?
Ask Otzi.
Ok, so this was book reading.  Sosume.
I once worked for a guy who hired Capt'n Crunch, *briefly*.  [This is
to a digression later in the thread.  His dentition was not discussed.]
WE are all just voices in Tim May's head.

@_date: 2004-07-24 21:13:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto     proxies 
There might be blind cypherpunks, we don't discriminate[1], and most
(in both senses) laws prohibit touch.  Probably beer and sweat
any smells that the blind might dig.
Ever see "scent of a woman" that Al Pacino (IIRC) movie?
[1] the original phone phreaks were blind, looking (unintended pun) to
converse for free,
having lots of time, and being precise listeners of DTMF frequencies.
Back when the protocols were unprotected... much like the 'net today :-)

@_date: 2004-07-23 02:44:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  proxies 
My point was, Gilmore et al were way behind what's capable.
Proof of concept needn't be compact.
A suitcase can handle his DesCrack, with all due respect,
demuxes all
unpacks the
Just for yucks, look up the specs on an Intel IXA processor.
No store, just bridge.
Do you think they so naif they'd expose themselves to a poster who dares
post *here* ?
I'm saying that tech xfer on metal coated diamond is not just
for fun.  And years behind reality, for those with $400 toilet seat
One more time: dark fiber and compact drivers.  Or even your more subtle
unused-bandwith usage, "back atcha".
True 'nuff.  I mean no harm, only to provoke some to think, is all.
Clearly you are the uber-Sonet-troll.

@_date: 2004-07-23 02:37:34
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto    proxies 
Good point.  Channelling Hettinga, crypto is economics.
Um, yes :-)
Fair 'nuff.  You know that 5 year predictions are too conservative, and
20 year predictions too liberal.  Ask Orwell.
My point is only that they will be killed should they leak their
actual capabilities.
My academic experience had nothing to do with networking.  I'm just
a manic mechanic, okay?
Ergo my dark fiber remark, even if naif.
And most worth observing...
In the *public* lit.
Bent so many needles, I don't even know my real name...
You think subs are just toys?
What I meant was, Ames and that FBI dude Hansen (sp?), at least the KGB
got Ames' wife as part of the package, whereas the FBI CI dude
let his wife off as part of the deal he cut.  Nice xian that he was, he
into strippers.
All under $2e6, all capable of reading their own records.  Go figure,
See you in Athens, or before :-)

@_date: 2004-07-22 05:04:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto   proxies 
Fair 'nuff.  I'm following the Principle of not underestimating the
who does plenty of R&D, just look at their tech-transfer program,
by a few decades in capacity..
Perhaps that grants the Maryland trogdyltes too much, but again,
rules in this game.
Remember, "Nortel" is cost-bound.  TLAs are not.  They also get
radioisotope power supplies, etc.  And unpublished tech made in
unknown fabs.
Albeit, "Nortel" (even if Canadian, eh?) etc are 0wn3d by the USG, so
taps through COTS are not so hard, and my "dark fiber" only means the
physical capacity is there.
And of course people are cheaper than tech.  Hell, the counter-intel
folks seem
to be real bargains, whether FBI or CIA.
But if you prefer to believe they play on the same field as us, go
ahead, I'll
still read your posts, and appreciate the questioning.

@_date: 2004-07-22 02:42:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  proxies 
I'm sorry but I have to puke at your cluelessness.  Do you actually
think the folks in the Know would let *your kind* know of their
Frankly, you trolls are too easy; but you're probably not, which
is even more painful.  Take it as a compliment, if there really is a

@_date: 2004-07-22 02:39:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  proxies 
fraction of
With all due respect, you think Ft. Meade uses the same COTS crap
as you are forced to deal with?  Bwah hah hah.
Gilmore et al used a bunch of old Sun Chassis for his & Kocher's
DEScracker.  You think this is somehow more than 100 watts, in a
diplo suitcase, nowadays?
Just curious as to the depth of navite in the field....

@_date: 2004-07-21 04:00:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  proxies 
Please.  Truth requires skepticism.  Be bold.
going to
As cryptographers, we must assume this.
two. So
And how much *dark fiber* is there?  Lots and lots, thanks to irrational
exuberance.   Guess what?  SiO2 doesn't care which direction the beam
is pumped into.
You underestimate the Adversary.  Never ever do that.  Isn't there some
chink who wrote that?
Oh no, not pointers!  What next, MPLS?
Dark fiber.
Enjoy your childhood while it lasts.  Its a beautiful time.

@_date: 2004-07-21 03:55:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto   proxies 
The thread was about wiretapping.  My point was that you can record
at linespeed an analyze at leisure.  Nothing more, nothing less.

@_date: 2004-07-19 05:35:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  proxies 
Gimme an intel IXA network processor and no problem.  ATM is fixed
size data, not as tricky as IP decoding.  Predicatable bandwidth.
Stream all into megadisks, analyze later.
You need to tap the MPLS  label assignment service (or watch all the
egress ports and correlate to endpoints) too to know which ATM chunks
went where.
You don't know about tape robots, or offline indexing, eh?

@_date: 2004-07-07 06:36:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  proxies 
Frankly sir, that's because you have no idea of their budget,
or their fascistic urges.    Its not paranoia to think you're tapped,
its rationality.
"Stop shedding our blood to save your own and the solution to this
 but complex equation is in your hands. You know matters will escalate
the more you
delay and then do not blame us but blame yourselves. Rational people do
not risk their
security, money and sons to appease the White House liar."

@_date: 2004-07-07 04:44:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  proxies 
Guaranteed, and encryption is bait.  Use stego.
Until they're busted and open up...
As Zappa sang, the hot iron sausage... and the sinister midget...

@_date: 2004-07-07 04:40:29
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  proxies 
Ie zero.
You are state meat, whether 5150'd or not.
If you think the cable landings in Va/Md are coincidental, you are
smoking something I've run out of.  Its all recorded.  I'm sure the
and database groups in Ft. Meade will get a chuckle out of your
"the right to" idioms.

@_date: 2004-07-07 06:43:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Privacy laws and social engineering 
You have no idea how Zen I have felt recently.  No idea.
As BS says, you go after people, not tech, these days.
I was merely asking where I should spend my $, whether
Mitnick was worth it, as Schneier by default is.
Or what the hell, maybe my contract will become a job,
and I'll buy 'em all.
Meanwhile, watch your ass, the marketroids are full of detritus.
And if you take cyanide salts, you dont' tell anyone about it.

@_date: 2004-07-07 05:00:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Privacy laws and social engineering 
A friend of mine botched a suicide attempt and in order to get
any info I (we) pretended we were stepbrothers.  It occurred
to me a half hour later that we had the same first names.  So
it must have been confusing to our fictious stepmom :-)
But if you play up a story about dysfunctional separated families,
and adopting middle names as True Names, you can quickly
get the questioner to feel uncomfortable enough to accept your
Despite HIPAA.  Welcome to the world of social engineering,
So, which is better, Schneier's books or Mitnick's?   I suspect
the former, but am curious what the community opinion is?
Note that I am generally a guile-less person who does not
weave arbitrarily complex webs of lies.  In fact, brutally
honest at times.  But sometimes circumstances (like a brain
damaged virtual brother) demand it.  And I was bemused at my ability
to maintain it.  And multiple nurses/MDs to accept it.
While interviewing for a security job, I overheard the building-guards
shout passwords for the building as I waited in the lobby.  I thought
it a test at first, but realized later it was reality, in all its glory.
The passwords were regexps based on the company's name, of course.
I mentioned this to my future quasiboss, who dug it.  Which made
me feel better about him.
PS: Major kiratsu do not appreciate extreme programming
(or keeping the building open past 8PM).   Dinosaurs whose
eggs were eaten by warm furry little mutants did not do so well.
Though aligators eat a few kids a year in FLA, and an ostrich
can kick your ass, I ask you: who rules, mammals or reptiles and
Still, its a job, and a job these days is a pearl, even if the tech
is succeptible to reverse engineering, which you try to point out
but are told its ok to be lame.  Maybe they'll hire me after the
and we can do some PK/cert work for real.  Or maybe they'll
move strong passphrases around with PGP email.  One can hope,
if only to keep one's upper lip stiff, one's faith in mankind
nominally intact.  Hard sometimes.
PS: what is Michael Jackson's medical report worth in the
free market?

@_date: 2004-07-08 04:28:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Final stage 
Perhaps, but some will tune in and learn a thing or two.
(Albeit we'll suffer the "September" effect...)
This one is for Eunice Stone, who "turned in" 3 medical
students last year for looking muslim:
I suggest learning to graffiti arabic in public places.
Perhaps one of those hotel bibles containing the lord's prayer
in all the cool fonts will suffice.  (I use the Job chapter for rolling
cigs.).  Or copy something from an arabic web site.   Hell, even
hebrew would work with most yokels piggies or paranoid citizen-slaves.
Or use ammonium fluoride pens on glass for a frosty effect.
I need the Bill of Rights for Ashcrufts bunghole..

@_date: 2004-07-09 02:08:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Faster than Moore's law 
True 'nuff.  But DRAM is so cheap you put a few tens o' megs in the
and cache the hell out of it.
And the busses on the x86 have gotten much faster too.
And the CPU itself is caching things up the kazoo.  Remember the
640KB days?    Its easier to add cache than to add a Montgomery
unit, though instruction-sets are evolving towards symmetric crypto
too.   The FPGA players are noticing all this too.  Get an Arm (tm)
by default, or synthesize a soft CPU,
and buy a third-party verified Montgomery unit.  Maybe even
get to add your own instructions to the basic CPU unit.
And yeah, you keep enough pointers around, you can have some
pretty fast DBs.  Dereferencing spaghetti.  Or dodder in the forest
of trees.
PS: if the TSA goons detect a tumor with their highres Thz scanners,
do they have to tell you?

@_date: 2004-07-08 04:31:45
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Faster than Moore's law 
Just want to remind y'all that drive capacity has increased *faster*
than semiconductor throughput, which has an 18 month doubling time.
 "They keep talking about drafting a Constitution for Iraq. Why don't we
give them ours? It was written by a lot of really smart guys, it's
worked for
over 200 years, and Hell, we're not using it anymore."
-Jay Leno

@_date: 2004-07-09 01:52:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] Hi-tech rays to aid terror fight 
1. I've seen adverts for linear sensors which image the bottoms
of cars as they drive over.  Sort of a scanner where the paper
does the moving.  Installed in the road.
2. There are companies developing sensors that bombard
your car with neutrons (don't have to open the trunk),
and detect the N from the temporary neutron-activated gamma emissions.
3. Obviously license plate OCR is trivial.
4. I've read papers on recognizing vehicles by their inductive
signature as they drive over regular road sensors.   This was
to passively measure road speed for traffic control.  The idea
is that a VW Beetle has a different inductance vs. time than
a Ford-250 or an 18 wheeler.  You correlate between
roadloops at known distances apart and infer road speed.
5. One could call terahertz "hard RF"  in same way that hard x-rays
bleed into soft gammas.  But calling anything "hard" implies danger,
and we mustn't scare the proles.  Perhaps soft IR is better.
Whatever, its still pornography if the resolution is high enough.

@_date: 2004-07-14 05:14:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt 
Model 52
I have a doubt about polytetrafluoroethylene, but I have no experience.
I do know that tungsten is sold on eBay, any diamond bit should
lathe it, and its nearly equal to DU (modulo how DU is free to
DoD), should you be into reloading.

@_date: 2004-07-14 05:22:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Mexico Atty. General gets microchipped (fwd) 
Do you think UBL tossed his $10K satphone for yucks?  It tended to
attract cruise missiles launched by distant cowards.
You think the DARPA micro-UAV program is for fun?
Don't let Mossad repair your cell phone, baby.

@_date: 2004-07-14 05:20:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Mexico Atty. General gets microchipped (fwd) 
"The government of the United States is not, in any sense, founded on
Christian religion."
-George Washington, November 4, 1796
"No, I don't know that Atheists should be considered as
citizens, nor should they be considered patriots. This is one nation
God." -GW Bush

@_date: 2004-07-17 02:37:49
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: vacuum-safe laptops ? 
Um, even the small form factor PC on a board the size of your palm
may still rely on caps in the power supply that don't handle 760 to 0
mm Hg/min so readily.  Otherwise, there are many small PCs on a card if
look into the embedded marketplace.  Complete with solid state disks,
Power dissipation is not a problem if you use a CPU like Via's and
have a nice radiative heatsink.  Or dick with Peltier-effect junctions
at the expense of watts.
ARM's edge is low power, but you may not want to run Linux or BSD or a
perhaps anon actually wants to run M$ in a low pressure environ.
Perhaps that's why he's anonymous :-)
My guess is regular ole airplane takeoff, but its not quite 0 torr
at 35Kfeet, and I *think* the cargo part is pressurized, lest
Fido suffocate.
And while a SAM would be a great science fair
project, you don't go above that limit.  Perhaps anon will
be a space tourist, wanting to take notes, on something heavier
than a PDA+keyboard.
I once TA'd at a UC, one advanced ugrad had a project for an atmospheric
science prof building a board for the nose of a spyplane, to sample
the air.  (For ozone, not nucleotides.  No, really.)
He was interested in vibration problems; I told him to take
his proto board on an offroad trip in his car to shake out the moths.
Am not sure that epoxy cover makes a difference, the board manuf.
go to lengths to avoid air pockets under traces, the ICs themselves
fairly (albeit not guaranteed) encapsulated in an epoxy mix.
We-all being scientists, I'd suggest looking up with the vacuum
hobbyists do with fridge pumps, etc, and doing a bit of testing.
I've even seen using a CRT as a vacuum source, break the glass
neck and shazaam, a few litres of hard vacuum.
Got Kalman filtering?

@_date: 2004-07-17 00:27:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: vacuum-safe laptops ? 
laptops, if any, can safely go to zero air pressure (dropping from 1 atm
to 0 in, say, 1 minute.)
Sorry so late ---but your can-shaped capacitors might not handle the
rapid depressurization
so well.

@_date: 2004-07-17 00:36:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "Terror in the Skies, Again?" 
What I experienced during that
Ask the American citizens interned in California during WWII..

@_date: 2004-07-24 02:24:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: LMAO 
Working for a major Kiretsu, I learn that a certain keypress sequence
during boot enables SSH.  Security by obscurity, baby.  Never
heard of Mr. Kirchoff?   Undocumented backdoor feature, baby.

@_date: 2004-08-30 18:26:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Pigradio survey of anonymizing systems 
The pigs want to be able to send anonymous messages over
IP or POTS using their emergency 700 Mhz comm system:

@_date: 2004-08-30 18:03:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: John gets hassled, but those with $ are not 
JY reports on the Fed nervousness about his publications;
but anyone with a few hundred $ can buy a CDROM or
nicely printed map of the same info.
[listsig: surveillance, 1st amendment, everyone is a reporter]
MAP DETAILS
This 2003/2004 edition of the N. American Natural Gas
System map is the most comprehensive (and
eye-catching) gas system map on the market.
The Electric Power System Atlas of North America on
CD-ROM offers the most-detailed,
most-comprehensive overview of the United States,
Canadian and Mexican electric infrastructure available
today, giving you the tools you need to make crucial
analytical or market decisions.
This atlas provides complete information for
competitive analysis, plant siting, transportation to
and from power plants, regional fuel mix, and territory
coverage. It's convenient, portable, and easy to use. It
displays 292 separate maps, plus 26 insets of
important regions including major metropolitan areas
such as Dallas, Los Angeles and New York.

@_date: 2004-08-30 17:24:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: drooling at tracking immigrant$, with contact$ 
The following list of companies have expressed an interest in the
US-VISIT System requirement by participating in the Industry Conference
and/or responding to the
sources sought RFI. This list is being provided in an attempt to promote
open dialogue for potential teaming and/or subcontracting
discussions/arrangements. This listing
does not imply that any of these companies have committed to submitting
any proposal, nor is there any obligation on the part of the Government
to acquire any products
or services from those listed. To add your name to the list, or to
modify information that is contained within, please contact the US-VISIT
Program Office at (202) 305-
Oki America, Inc.
2000 Bishops Gate Blvd
Mount Laurel, NJ 08054 Guy Dela Rosa
Manager, Business
Development 856-222-7016 delarosa322
Optimos Incorporated
4455 Brookfield Corporate Dr.
Chantilly, VA 20151 Marc Blackman
703-488-6958 mblackman
Oracle Corporation
1910 Oracle Way
Reston, VA 20190 Jennifer Bognet Account Manager
703-217-9441 jennifer.bognet
Orkland Corp., The
7799 Leesburg Pike
Falls Church, VA 22043 Peter Rath 703-610-4550 prath

@_date: 2004-08-30 15:56:44
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RIAA can't stomache cassette recorders 
"We remain concerned about any devices or software that permit listeners
to transform a broadcast into a music library," RIAA spokesman Jonathan
Lamy said.

@_date: 2004-08-23 21:47:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: worm uses webcams to spy 
ok, from /., but highly amusing
Meet the Peeping Tom worm
A worm that has the capability to using webcams to spy on users is
circulating across the

@_date: 2004-08-18 15:15:46
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Plonk this 
1. Having a mainstream meme injector like DMcC is occasionally useful,
(Consider that DHS lameass document security made it to the big time
and was reported here first.)
2. How the hell can we be reading about crossposting *and* Tim May
and *not anywhere* in your flame see the word "plonk" ???  With all
the implied discussion about consumer-end technological filtering vs.
central censorship?
3. In all honesty I think Declan's partial-quote followed by a a URL saves bandwidth and also does positively reinforce the folks
feeding the authors of the partially quoted content.  Of course,
(or even registration-only) services don't get such caring treatment,
get fair-used 'with prejudice'.  And you are free to abuse
of course, such is the nature of things; and they are free to post their
as .GIFs.

@_date: 2004-08-15 18:04:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: yes, they look for stego, as a "Hacker Tool" 
I found it troubling that the tech was becoming commoditized, since this
disturbs the innovation that I find attractive.   OTOH cheap products
are nice.  And commoditization is the end-game for tech anyway.
Selling ringtones (static bits, not even a service) struck me as
oldschool as selling music, enforced in this case by proprietary
That "personalization" features were lucrative I found to be a comment
on human nature.  Or human-teens' nature.
Since I tend to have an engineer's aesthetic, which
I take to be fairly spartan/functional, as well as believing that
personalization should
be done by the person desiring it, I found mass-market faceplates
kind of silly.  But then I don't own any Nike baseball caps or Coke
t-shirts to express myself.  I am un-Amerikan, clearly.  There is
I clearly don't "get".  Herd mentality, perhaps.
Besides, the phones should be covered in conformal photocells to trickle
charge them.
I liked the Handspring's modularity, but don't know how they did in the
marketplace.  I do think that the cell makers have a decent enough
share to take over the PDA/camera/email etc. market, and they know
that and are working on it.  I read recently that in 5 years only pros
own digital cameras that do nothing else.  Similarly with GPS, PDAs, MP3
renderers & recorders, calculators, authentication tokens, smart cards,
How much extra does a hifi
audio ADC or DAC cost than an 8 Khz telecom one?   Why not let users see
their location, even if its only triangulated and not satellite based?
Non-volitile memory is only getting cheaper, smaller, with less power
requirements or awkward properties like page-based access.
Yes, but a nice Heinleinian corollary.
I was thinking there are too many models to keep the things in stock
on a little beachside storefront; and you could add custom textures
with a prototyping machine.  Its also possible I'm enamoured of 3D
which have no place right now in making consumer products.
Aesthetics and convenience.  OTOH when your Everything Gizmo dies,
you are seriously out of luck.  Much like when your combo
power supply dies, you have zero functionality, instead of the degraded
you'd have if each were a separate machine.  And sometimes the
gizmo does nothing very well, eg early cell-phone cameras.  But
(done well, and reliably) does sell.
My $50 prepaid cell phone does voice recognition.
Its the 21st century, and I want my Dick Tracy watch now!
And it better run Java, or Python, damnit!
(I was impressed that the Zaurus PDA can be a web server, BTW.)

@_date: 2004-08-13 23:47:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field (your teenage son's homemade 
Your 16 year old son's homemade porn.
[google on Heidl & rape; a deputy sheriff's teen son makes a porn movie
a passed out teen and gets busted]

@_date: 2004-08-13 23:44:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
I don't think Sunder grasps how much fun divorce lawyers can be.
So, Mr. Smith, what *do* you hide with your crypto tools?   And why
won't you let the court examine the plaintext in camera, if your
content is so benign?   (Or are your ex-wife's accusations true?)
Also, public schools prohibit the use of encryption.  No kidding.
And finding a crypto tool on a .mil slave's personal machine may be
indicting evidence, given their lack of civilian legal processes, when
accused by their own.
Since mere possession of lockpick tools is criminal, do you really
think you can possess crypto tools freely?

@_date: 2004-08-12 01:26:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [osint] Al Qaeda's Travel Network 
Instead, they jump from country to country, with each destination
having its own end use and with multiple stops between beginning and
Hey, don't they know that onion-routing was patented by the Navy?
Or that the mix network has prior art?
If Alfred Queue has grokked traffic analysis, well its about time.
All your Paki Inet Cafes are belong to us.

@_date: 2004-08-11 02:20:25
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: nukelear bones 
Vote Osama, and clean up the Potomic!
-the ministry of mental health

@_date: 2004-08-08 19:30:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Is Source Code Is Like a Machine Gun? 
Re "Is Source Code Is Like a Machine Gun?"
A better thought experiment would be a numerically controlled machine
and a control tape, which, when the machine is turned on, produces
sculpture that is also a machine gun (or merely the sear for a machine
gun which can be dropped into a semi-automatic commodity rifle).
The NCM is as neutral as the CPU.
Also Junger is incorrect when he says "the function of a machine gun
is to kill".  The function of a machine gun is to propel bullets at a
rate, given a supply of cartridges, when asked to do so by a human.
The human who points the machine gun decides whether to kill
or merely punch holes in paper.  If you don't understand the distinction
you should probably avoid handling sharp objects.
And you probably don't understand that a P2P program is not for
ripping off hollywood but for free communication; its the user who
decides what content to use the tool with.
comments on a thought experiment as to whether the same scope of first
amendment protection should be accorded to a sculpture which happens
to be a working automatic weapon as to the ``source code'' of a computer
program that can be used for illegal activities.<<

@_date: 2004-08-08 18:52:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Bluesniper question 
Why do the long range RF folks always use Yagis?  Aren't
Yagis supposed to be fairly broadband?  Aren't there
other highly-directional (ie high gain in one direction)
antennae which (simply by virtue of being narrow bandwidth)
would be better?
Or is it that Yagi's broadband-ness allows for more slop
in manufacturing, as when you're using pringles & hardware-store
BTW seems to me that a (wire-mesh, thank you Morlock)
parabolic would be better.    The optical scope can
look right through the mesh.  (Use a night vision scope
and IR beacon on your target if the target agrees, or
is in a parked car with hot brake pads.  In Calif
NV scopes can't be put on rifles that launch projectiles
but you're not launching anything but photons (in the case
of sending Bluetooth commands.)
PS: From the photo the Yagi rifles look like they are polarization
sensitive, having linear (vs + shaped) directors.

@_date: 2004-08-08 18:40:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Wired on Navy's new version of Onion Routing 
That's not the problem ---if your node freely gives out its
public key, no problem collecting them.
The real problem is: how do you know its truly a given
node's key?  The web of trust is full of holes :-), trust
isn't transitive, and Verislime is 1. not liable 2. 0wn3d by
the Fedz.

@_date: 2004-08-04 02:45:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Al Qaeda crypto reportedly fails the test 
I work(ed) for a major kiretsu soon bringing crypto to public
to your airport or hotel.  When I suggested that the paper that folks
strong passphrases on be backed by glass or metal instead of a pad of
they laughed.
One form of "crypto" I was forced to manufacture was obviously
succeptible to replay attacks if you merely leased the same model
scanner/printer/copier for a week and had a pringles' can during
transmission.  Or rev-eng the driver.
Convenience trumps security once again.
Not surprising the dinosaurs largely died out, the more I see of them.
Today I pointed out that their 802.11 blah gizmo was inside a Faraday
cage ie a locked sheet metal cabinet.  No wonder their wifi didn't work,
Not making this up...

@_date: 2004-08-03 03:39:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Giesecke & Devrient 
They make the SIMs for T-Mobile (ie Deutsche Telecom AG) so they
are part of the telco world which is a fully 0wn3d subsidiary of the

@_date: 2004-08-03 03:37:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Al-Q targeting NY corporations...ah well. 
Wouldn't that be cypherpinkish, then?
Ok, Tyler, you're our official spokesman.  We'll be sure to give your
when getting the no lawyers no charges no rights no shit treatment...
A few more Halliburton well loggers missing and we'll have enough for
a crude urchin initiator...
"Can you hear me now?" -UBL

@_date: 2004-08-03 03:29:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: On how the NSA can be generations ahead 
Yes, upon consideration I agreed, re critical dimensions.  That's why I
brought up uneconomically sized chips, and the tech of thinned wafers.
The point being (yes, if you
can cool them) that small = fast.   1 foot per nanosecond, remember?
And some of the neato-analog stuff one can do does *better* with big
micron sized features, albeit on exotic materials, and the
argument still holds.
M. Atta: an army of one.

@_date: 2004-08-01 00:50:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: On how the NSA can be generations ahead 
Tyler D asked about how the NSA could be so far ahead.
Besides their ability to make 2" sq. chips at 10% yield (not
something a commercial entity could get away with)
they can also *thin and glue* those chips into say stacks
of 5 thinned die.
2" sq = 4 x performance
5 thinned die with GHz vias = 20 x performance.
Both are uneconomical but feasible.  Get it?
Any questions?
all your burst-mode wall-chair-molding-bugs in the state dept are belong
to us...

@_date: 2004-08-03 03:23:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Al-Q targeting NY corporations? 
You're not taken in by that mularky, are you?
Read the Fatwa.  Best summarized by a line from a 'Floyd song,
get your filthy hands off my desert.
Go for the Baltimore/Maryland prep schools.  Soft targets, creamy
Get your war on:
check the later ones...

@_date: 2004-08-05 01:59:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: On what the NSA does with its tech 
Indeed.  Following Schneier's axiom, go for the humans, it would not
be too hard to involutarily addict someone to something which the
withdrawl from which readily compromises any human.
Since torture is now legitimized in the US, or its proxies, have a beer
(or stronger, etc) Mohammed.
Of course, the green card offered to the housecleaning illegal is
Ask Nikky Scarfo.
And there's nothing like raping one's children to convince the
particularly if one's halal meal has been doped with various
The problem with quantum computing will be coercing the qubits to
do you bidding (not just toy problems) without losing their waviness.
Not relevent to the nano-args, but your energy consumption calcs
do make it clear that Ft Meade will need some awfully big radiators :-)
Then again, its not that far from the ocean, a rather extreme
Still I concede that Ft Meade has no finer features than IBM.  But when
economics *don't* dictate, as they do everywhere else, one has to
ponder.  Still, the 'tographers beat the 'analysts, as you say, for
large keys, and sufficiently different chained ciphers.  Don't put all
squeamish ossifrage eggs in one basket, eh?
And stay away from Athens, ok?

@_date: 2004-08-03 03:56:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: On what the NSA does with its tech 
their budget (whatever it is), they want to buy the most processing bang
for their buck.
Yes.  They can't break a 128 bit key.  That's obvious.  ("if all the
atoms in the
universe were computers..." goes the argument).
What they can do is implement an advanced dictionary search that
includes the kind of mnemonic tricks and regexps that folks typically
use when coming up with "tough" passphrases.   Cracking Italian
anarchist PGP-equipt PDAs in their possession, things like that.
If your keys are random 128, no dice (no pun intended).  But if your
are deterministically derived from something in your head, they can
As well as the SIGINT stuff that takes a lot of DSP cycles.  But agreed,
and worth repeating, long keys can't be exhaustively searched, if they
are truly random.
As for WEP, GSM, etc cracking, voice recognition, etc, well, that is
suitcase sized / real time stuff for them, if they want it.  I imagine
that the social network panopticon
--eg who'se ever called whom-- might take some serious exabyte
too, something the bioinformaticists would envy.
I don't think I overestimate the adversary when I suggest that he has
of uses for fast hardware, and that his hardware can be more than a
faster thanks to cost being less of a concern, even if his transistors
are no
smaller/faster than TMSC's or IBM's.
I had never met a mathematician before. He had a good sense of humor,
but no matter what you said to him, he was unimpressed. -Knuth

@_date: 2004-08-12 01:31:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: A Billion for Bin Laden 
professional Bin Laden hunting firms would form, allowing the U.S. to
enlist the efficiency and creativity of the free market in our fight
against Osama.<<
This is brilliant, worthy of being called channelling Tim M.  As it
relies entirely on free association and the rational marketplace.
that the reward is stolen from the sheeple.
What the DC future-corpses don't grok is that the Sheik's network
is not financially or career motivated, unlike themselves.
And xianity (or even amerikan patriotism which sometimes
substitutes) is too neutered to counter it.
Get your filthy hands off my desert, indeed, or else.
See you in Athens.

@_date: 2004-08-13 23:38:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
Perhaps you're a geek working for people who think they're important
In any case, its not just the FedZ, the locals send the tricky shit to
the FedZ
if they don't have the LabZ.   Same as with arson, poisonings, etc.
So we all fall under the same logic-analyzer-panopticon.

@_date: 2004-08-13 23:35:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
work on an >encrypted disk partition, with a good password and a high
iteration count.  This is true not >just for criminals and terrorists,
but for anyone who doesn't want the information on their >hard drive
read by anyone who happens to steal their computer.
If you include "PDA & Cellphone" as computer;
or include "flash eeprom" as a "hard drive", then we agree.
Most Persons of Interest will have secrets on their mobile gizmos (which
use flash memory) as well as their PC's spinning disks.     Sync'ing the
PDA + PC means the security
boundary includes them both.
The important lesson is that all your gizmos will be seized and
analyzed.  And that
the world needs good Linux-based-PDA & flash-mem-compatible security
And don't forget the epoxy...

@_date: 2004-08-13 02:39:08
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
Quoth Thomas Shaddack It should be enough to do that at the installation time. The adversary
this model gets to analyze the file only once, and we want to make sure
that nobody tampered with the file as a protection against other, more
"active" threat models. What we want is to have a file and its hash, so
can make sure the file content is unchanged, but the hash has to be as
globally-unique as possible.
A cool thing for this purpose could be a patch for gcc to produce unique
code every time, perhaps using some of the polymorphic methods used by
Just adding a chunk of data to make the hash unique will work against
current generation of the described tools. But we should plan to the
future, what moves the adversary can do to counter this step.
Dear TS: you have very good ideas.

@_date: 2004-08-12 01:21:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
Saint John of Cryptome has a particularly tasty link to
which describes the state of the art in PDA forensics.
There is also a link to a CDROM of secure hashes of
various "benign" and less benign programs that the
NIST knows about.  Including a list of "hacker" programs.
Including stego.   Pigs use this to discount commonly-distributed
software when analyzing a disk (or, presumably, your PDA's
flash).  See also Obvious lesson: Steganography tool authors, your programs
should use the worm/HIV trick of changing their signatures
with every invocation.  Much harder for the forensic
fedz to recognize your tools.  (As suspicious, of course).
The NIST CDROM also doesn't seem to include source
code amongst its sigs, so if you compile yourself, you may avoid their
easy glance.
Notes from the Field:
My paper & image handling kiretsu job has a fellow working
on secure Linux disk-drive delete --even if you pull the plug, on power
up it finishes the job.   Nice.  Thank you, HIPAA, banks, etc.

@_date: 2004-08-14 23:43:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: yes, they look for stego, as a "Hacker Tool" 
No, I understood this.  In a later post it was brought up that this is
essentially watermarking your content with a unique ID, which can be
bad for P2P tracing purposes.  So I was suggesting that by using a
set of 'watermarks' one could avoid essentially embedding a
unique label to one's copy of some content, at some cost in Cycles.
True.  But I've found some manual intervention to be required anyway,
sometimes you find a few copies of the same content stored as
files due to slight differences in naming or truncation.
It was disturbing that, as the bottom fell out of telecom, and handsets
commoditized, faceplates and ringtones were highly profitable.
are at least made of atoms.  There are  several lessons there, from
economic to sociobiological (if there's a difference), none of which are
terribly pleasing in my
Fortunately the whole PDA vs. cell vs. camera vs GPS vs. smartcard vs
MP3 player vs. email-pager etc bat-belt [1] frenzy will resolve in a few
years, and perhaps some of the Linux based solutions will not be
involuntary citizen-tracking devices and will support privacy of data
stored, and in transit, including voice data.  And free ring tones :-)
All that's needed is one of the hardware-selling companies to start the
making money off the atoms, and possibly Sharp's Zaurus (?) already has?
Perhaps there's a biz model in buying a 3-D color prototyping machine
for $40K
and setting up a custom faceplate biz for the integrated gizmo of the
near future.
Hmm, with freedom-enabling software being distributed on the side, it
sounds like
a Heinlein novel...
[1] Batman (tm) wore a belt with too many gizmos.  Some widget-fetishist
friends/early adopters are similarly afflicted.

@_date: 2004-08-14 03:14:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: yes, they look for stego, as a "Hacker Tool" 
Love that story.  But the self-watermarking you later mention is a
Even if you map a particular hash into one of a million known-benign
values, which takes work, there are multiple orthagonal hash algorithms
included on the NIST CD.  (Eg good luck finding values that collide in
MD5 & SHA-1 & SHA-256 simultaneously!)
In that case, yes, although ultimately the RIAA could hire offshore
Indians to listen
to your stego'd/uniquified Madonna song and identify it.  (Of course,
they don't
know if you own the vinyl for it... and software can be sold by the
original purchaser, too, right?)
Yes something like a Tomlinson (_Big Breach_) sleight of hand with a
card is a good idea, as is the microwave oven trash can next to your
machine :-)
And a larger segment which will stick any CD they get in the mail into
bootable drive.. LOL
Sorta like the National Forests... resource of many uses... may as well
include a mixmaster payload in that worm :-) which also provides some
overt free benefit like antivirus or anti-helmetic or defrag or game or
bayesian spamfilter
or chat or screensaver or anon remailing client or free ringtone :-)

@_date: 2004-08-13 23:19:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: yes, they look for stego, as a "Hacker Tool" 
Yes, they do.  Check the link.  The CDROM of file hashes contains a
"Hacker Tools" that includes the Stego tools they could
download from the 'net.
Any jpg which looks like noise will be of interest.    And any stego
will make them look at your images (etc) more closely :-)
Most of the programs they've hashed is so the forensic pigs can discount
But they would find known-stego tools very interesting.
And they would find them, even if renamed, from their sigs; but not if
polymorphic or encrypted, but then they would be in the "unknown"
category, along with user-created files.  And programs :-)   To be
inspected by a forensic dude.
These hash-CDROMs are also useful for finding unlicensed software and
Osama sez: Always use original images and sounds as stego carriers.  And
keep your tools encrypted, or on memory sticks you can flush or
snap with your fingers.

@_date: 2004-08-16 02:05:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Trust no one: backdoored CPUs 
We worried about compromized OSes, BIOSes, read last week about
a PNG library bug that lets images run buffer exploits, now CPUs
can be backdoored:
From Scheier's Crypto-gram:
Here's an interesting hardware security vulnerability.  Turns out that
it's possible to update the AMD K8 processor (Athlon64 or Opteron)
microcode.  And, get this, there's no authentication check.  So it's
possible that an attacker who has access to a machine can backdoor the
 or

@_date: 2004-08-16 04:11:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Israelis voting for Bush defeated Gore 
Contrary to widespread belief, it was more
likely American voters in Israel, not Florida,
who put George W. Bush in the White
House four years ago  a phenomenon that has Kerry's supporters in
Israel vowing to do whatever it takes to make certain that doesn't
again in November.
Those who doubt that Americans living abroad could tip the balance in
2004 might consider this: Various chads aside, Al Gore (news - web
sites) received 202 more votes than George W. Bush on Election Day
2000 in Florida. Only after all the overseas votes were counted,
more than 12,000 from Israel alone, was Bush's election victory
The margin was 537 votes.
But in the 2000 presidential election, Zober points out, it
made no difference how Israeli immigrants from New York voted. All that
mattered was how expatriates from Florida cast their ballots.
Israel is home to roughly 6,000 former Floridians  expatriates who tend
to be more conservative than Jewish voters in New York and many of
whom voted for Bush in the last election, Zober said.

@_date: 2004-08-24 15:50:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Another John Young Sighting 
"While acknowledging himself an Anarchist, he does not state to what
branch of the organization he belongs" ---Discussing Leon Czolgosz'
shooting of President William McKinley
PS: I thought Tyler had nominated himself as leader?  :-)
Personally, I'm a sleeper cell for the Bill of Rights...

@_date: 2004-08-25 17:26:23
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Digital camera fingerprinting... 
Highly relevant sir.
Kinda like disk drives and DRAM arrays.  Its all about yield.
Covering up mistakes transparently.
Perhaps, but the jpeg-ization might lose these, or at least the
image "unicity distance" might require many more pictures than
a careful steganographer will publish.
Very relevant, traffic analysis and fingerprinting (intentional or not)
always tasty subjects.  One question for the court would be, how many
*other* cameras have column 67 disabled?   One of every thousand?
And how many thousand cameras were sold?
Pope Major Variola (ret)

@_date: 2004-08-25 17:55:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Welcome to the Church of Strong Cryptography. 
Oh, then you'd be reformed cypherpunk.  The orthodoxy is that the
group has no head (an arch).  I think of it as a grad student lounge
with open doors, and a few conversations going on at once.   Anyone
can pop in (wearing a mask or not) and make a fool of himself,
or enlighten others, or ask questions (as long as they're not homework),
or even forward nominally relevent articles, or flame others for doing
Of course, others
Or it will seem a petty schism like the Sierras or Athiests or Amerikan
Xians etc..
The only coherence is an interest in crypto and society.  This
extends to privacy, opsec, surveillance and reverse-surveillance,
OS bugs, hardware, censorship, finance, etc.
Read the fatwa --er, the cyphernomicon :-)   Read the Bill of Rights,
(now a quaint obsolete historical document) and think about technology.
The useful statement is May's Cyphernomicon (ie an outline) and the bulk
of the discussions of the last 12 years (better get a few reams of paper
the printout, Mr. Fed).   PKZ's rant is also good introductory material
and governments
Even with my addenda your statement is too restrictive.  E.g., some
here, I have
gathered, worry about corporations (but not LLCs) too.
......and now, some quotes for Tom Ridge to ponder.....
Forget turbans, real terrorists wear neckties.
"Stop shedding our blood to save your own and the solution to this
 but complex equation is in your hands. You know matters will escalate
the more you
delay and then do not blame us but blame yourselves. Rational people do
not risk their
security, money and sons to appease the White House liar."
"Can you hear me now?" -UBL
"Naturally the common people don't want war...But, after all, it is the
leaders of a country who determine policy, and it is always a simple
to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy or a fascist
dictatorship, or parliament or a communist dictatorship. All you have to
is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for
lack of
patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in
--Hermann Goering, (1893-1946) Nazi Reichsmarschall, at the Nuremberg
Trials, 4/18/46. From _Nuremberg Diary_ by Gustave Gilbert.
The risks posed by ignorant politicians may
yet be far more dangerous that the odd virus and software mistake.....
Prof. Dr. Debora Weber-Wulff
Additional case studies are needed, however, to determine which traits
of chemical and biological terrorists might help identify them
because charisma, paranoia, and grandiosity are alo found to varying
degreees among, for example, leaders of political parties, large
corporations, and academic depts. --John T Finn, _Science_ v 289 1
sept 2000
We have always been at war with Oceania bin Laden -Orwell
In no part of the constitution is more wisdom to be found, than in the
clause which confides the question of war or peace to the legislature,
and not to the executive department.
-James Madison
"The tragedy of Galois is that he could have contributed so much more to
mathematics if he'd only spent more time on his marksmanship."
"Your children are not safe anywhere at any time."  -IAMGodsniper
commenting perhaps on the USG's propensity for using them as cannon
"Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?"
"When a man assumes a public trust,
he should consider himself public property."
Bluffs will be published if comical but otherwise ignored. -JY
SAFETY RULES FOR US STRATEGIC BOMBERS
 5.1. Don't use nuclear weapons to troubleshoot faults.

@_date: 2004-08-29 16:59:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: JYA in NYT 
One man's blowback is another man's feedback.
"Can you hear me now?" -UBL
What incident?  Where's Afghanistan?  Oh, that place we bombed
between Yugoslavia and Iraq, you mean?   Is goat-polo an olympic sport
Undergrad chem question: How many 40 litre tanks of propane does it take
to take out a few corner apts?   Admittedly wiring the city for natural
is more convenient, but any kind of barbeque is fun.
Anyway you want to hit NYC infrastructure in the winter, when even the
oil-burning heaters need electricity.
Sometimes a lesser devil goes and a greater devil takes over
Moqtada al-Sadr
The only language the American people understand is
dead Americans. -EC

@_date: 2004-08-31 21:01:12
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Backdoor found in Diebold Voting Tabulators 
is up
Seems its due to an intentional, insider job, and not just as
an "engineering backdoor" (c) Cisco
Consumer Report: Part 2 - Problems with GEMS Central Tabulator
                                Submitted by Bev Harris on Thu,
                                08/26/2004 - 11:38. Investigations
                                This problem appears to demonstrate
                                intent to manipulate elections, and
                                was installed in the program under the
                                watch of a programmer who is a
                                convicted embezzler.
                                According to election industry
                                officials, the central tabulator is
                                secure, because it is protected by
                                passwords and audit logs. But it turns
                                out that the GEMS passwords can easily
                                be bypassed, and the audit logs can be
                                altered and erased. Worse, the votes
                                can be changed without anyone knowing,
                                including the officials who run the
                                election.
                                Multiple sets of books
                                (Click "read more" for the rest of
                                this section)
                                The GEMS program runs on a Microsoft
                                Access database. It typically recieves
                                incoming votes by modem, though some
                                counties follow better security by
                                disconnecting modems and bringing
                                votes in physically.
                                GEMS stores the votes in a vote
                                ledger, built in Microsoft Access. Any
                                properly designed accounting program
                                will allow only one set of books. You
                                can't enter your expense report in
                                three different places. All data must
                                be drawn from the same place, and
                                multiple versions are never
                                acceptable. But in the files we
                                examined, we found that the GEMS
                                system contained three sets of
                                "books."
                                The elections official never sees the
                                different sets of books. All she sees
                                is the reports she can run: Election
                                summary (totals, county wide) or a
                                "Statement of Votes Cast" (totals for
                                each precinct). She has no way of
                                knowing that her GEMS system uses a
                                different set of data for the detail
                                report (used to spot check) than it
                                does for the election totals. The
                                Access database, which contains the
                                hidden set of votes, can't be seen
                                unless you know how to get in the back
                                door -- which takes only seconds.
                                Ask an accountant: It is never
                                appropriate to have two sets of books
                                inside accounting software. It is
                                possible to do computer programming to
                                create two sets of books, but dual
                                sets of books are prohibited in
                                accounting, for this simple reason:
                                Two sets of books can easily allow
                                fraud to go undetected. Especially if
                                the two sets are hidden from the user.
                                A hidden trigger The data tables in
                                accounting software automatically link
                                up to each other to prevent illicit
                                back door entries. In GEMS, however,
                                by typing a two-digit code into a
                                hidden location, you can decouple the
                                books, so that the voting system will
                                draw information from a combination of
                                the real votes and a set of fake
                                votes, which you can alter any way you
                                see fit.
                                That's right, GEMS comes with a secret
                                digital "on-off" switch to link and
                                unlink its multiple vote
                                tables. Someone who tests GEMS, not
                                knowing this, will not see the
                                mismatched sets of books. When you put
                                a two-digit code into a secret
                                location can you disengage the vote
                                tables, so that tampered totals table
                                don't have to match precinct by
                                precinct results. This way, it will
                                pass a spot check -- even with paper
                                ballots -- but can still be rigged.
                                How and when did the double set of
                                books get into GEMS?
                                Black Box Voting has traced the
                                implementation of the double set of
                                books to Oct. 13, 2000, shortly after
                                embezzler Jeffrey Dean became the
                                senior programmer. Dean was hired as
                                Vice President of Research and
                                Development in September 2000, and his
                                access to the programs is well
                                documented through internal memos from
                                Diebold. The double set of books
                                appeared in GEMS version 1.17.7.
                                Almost immediately, according to the
                                Diebold memos, another Diebold
                                programmer, Dmitry Papushin, flagged a
                                problem with bogus votes appearing in
                                the vote tables. The double set of
                                books remained, though, going through
                                several tweaks and refinements. From
                                the time Jeffrey Dean was hired in
                                September, until shortly before the
                                Nov. 2000 election, GEMS went through
                                over a dozen changes, all retaining
                                the new hidden vote tables.
                                For four years, anyone who has known
                                how to trigger the double set of books
                                has been able to use, or sell, the
                                information to anyone they want.
                                Black Box Voting Associate Director
                                Andy Stephenson has obtained the court
                                and police records of Jeffrey Dean. It
                                is clear that he was under severe
                                financial stress, because the King
                                County prosecutor was chasing him for
                                over $500,000 in restitution.
                                During this time, while Jeffrey Dean
                                was telling the prosecutor (who
                                operated from the ninth floor of the
                                King County Courthouse) that he was
                                unemployed, he was in fact employed,
                                with 24-hour access to the King County
                                GEMS central tabulator -- and he was
                                working on GEMS on the fifth floor of
                                the King County Courthouse. (Dean may
                                now be spending his nights on the
                                tenth floor of the same building;
                                after our investigations appeared in
                                Vanity Fair and the Seattle Times,
                                Dean was remanded to a work release
                                program, and may be staying in the
                                lockup on in the courthouse now.)
                                Jeffrey Dean, according to his own
                                admissions, is subject to blackmail as
                                well as financial pressure over his
                                restitution obligation. Police records
                                from his embezzlement arrest, which
                                involved "sophisticated" manipulation
                                of computer accounting records, report
                                that Dean claimed he was embezzling in
                                order to pay blackmail over a fight he
                                was involved in, in which a person
                                died.
                                So now we have someone who's admitted
                                that he's been blackmailed over
                                killing someone, who pleaded guilty to
                                23 counts of embezzlement, who is
                                given the position of senior
                                programmer over the GEMS central
                                tabulator system that counts
                                approximately 50 percent of the votes
                                in the election, in 30 states, both
                                paper ballot and touch screen.
                                And just after he is hired, multiple
                                sets of books appear in GEMS, which
                                can be decoupled, so that they don't
                                need to match, by typing in a secret
                                2-digit code in a specific location.
                                Dr. David Jefferson, technical advisor
                                for California voting systems, told
                                Black Box Voting that he could see no
                                legitimate reason to have the double
                                set of books in a voting program. He
                                surmised that it might be incredible
                                stupidity.
                                Dr. Jefferson should speak to Jeffrey
                                Dean's partners and those who worked
                                with him. "Stupid" is not how he is
                                described. The descriptions we get,
                                from Dean's former business partner,
                                and from others who worked with him,
                                are "sophisticated," "cunning," "very
                                bright," "highly skilled," and "a con
                                man."
                                This is the man who supervised the
                                programming for GEMS when the multiple
                                set of books was installed. Diebold,
                                however, is the company that did
                                nothing about it.
                                Internal memos show that Dean was sent
                                the passwords to the GEMS 1.18.x files
                                months after Diebold took over the
                                elections company. Diebold clearly did
                                not examine the GEMS program before
                                selling it, or, if it did, chose not
                                to correct the flaws. And after
                                exposing this problem in 2003, Diebold
                                still failed to correct it.
                                Elections were run on this
                                tamper-inviting system for more than
                                three years, and anyone who knew could
                                sell the vote-tampering secrets to
                                anyone they wanted to, at any time.
                                It has been a year since this report
                                was first printed, and Diebold has
                                never explained any legitimate reason
                                for this design, which is rather
                                elegant and certainly is not
                                accidental.
Consumer Report: Part 3 - More GEMS problems, and why current
solutions / explanations won't work
                               Submitted by Bev Harris on Thu,
08/26/2004 - 11:33. Investigations But do new security measures solve
the problem?
                               The MS Access database is not
passworded and can be accessed illicitly through the back door simply
by double-clicking the vote file. After we published this report, we
observed unpassworded access on the very latest, GEMS 1.18.19 system
in a county elections office.
                               Some locations removed the Microsoft
Access software from their GEMS computer, leaving the back door intact
but, essentially, removing the ability to easily view and edit the
                               However, you can easily edit the
election, with or without Microsoft Access installed on the GEMS
computer. As computer security expert Hugh Thompson demonstrated at
the Aug. 18 California Secretary of State meeting, you simply open any
text editor, like "Notepad," and type a six-line Visual Basic Script,
and you own the election.
                               Some election officials claim that
their GEMS central tabulator is not vulnerable to this back door,
because they limit access to the GEMS tabulator room and they require
a password to turn on the GEMS computer.
                               However...
                               (Click "read more" for the rest of this
                               Any county that uses modems to transfer
votes may inadvertently be giving control of the entire central
tabulator to anyone who gets at the computer through the modem phone
lines (even if it is NOT attached to the Internet). This allows
Diebold, or any individual, to manipulate votes at their leisure, from
any personal computer anywhere in the world.
                               Let's talk about getting at the central
tabulator through telephone lines: Mohave County, Arizona, for
example, has six modems attached to its GEMS computer on election
night. King County, Washington has had up to four dozen modems
attached at once.
                               You will hear that the GEMS machine is
stand alone, and is never connected to the Internet. It does have an
Internet component, called "jresults," but nowadays most counties say
that they do not hook GEMS up to the Internet. They say that they
remove the disk from the GEMS computer and physically take it to
another computer, from whence the Internet feed comes. Very nice --
                               You can access a computer through phone
lines as well as through the Internet. In fact, famous hacker Kevin
Mitnick liked to hack through telephone lines, not the Internet.
                               If you have the dial-in numbers, it is
possible to get at the GEMS computer from anywhere, using RAS. The
dial-in protocols are given to poll workers, many people in Diebold
have them, lots of temps have them, and the configurations have been
sitting on the Internet for several years.
                               What if your county doesn't use any
modems at all? That's excellent, but here's what we found: Harris &
Stephenson visited county elections officials to ask for lists of
names. We asked who was allowed to access the central tabulator, after
it was already turned on, and who is given a password and permission
to sit at the terminal?
                               Several officials told us they don't
keep a list. Those who did, gave us the names of too many people --
County employees (sometimes limited to one or two). Diebold
employees. Techs who work for the county, like county database
technicians, also get access to GEMS. Printshops who do the ballots
have some access also.
                               Diebold "contractors," who are
temporary workers hired by subcontractors to Diebold were also
reported to have gained access to the GEMS tabulator. (Diebold
accounts payable reports obtained by Black Box Voting indicate that
Diebold advertises for temps on Monster.com, hotjobs.com, and uses
several temporary employment firms, including Coast to Coast
Temporary, Ran Temps Inc, and also works with many subcontractors,
like Wright Technologies, Total Technical Services, and PDS Technical
                               What if there is a password even to get
onto the GEMS computer itself?
                               There usually is. The problem is this:
Once that computer is open and running GEMS (on election night, for
example), that password doesn't much matter. Votes are pouring in
pell-mell, and they aren't about to shut that computer down until
hours later, sometimes days later.
                               Also, Black Box Voting found another
problem with the design of GEMS: Check out the Audit Log, which is
supposed to record everything that happens. In every database, you
find everyone logging is as the same person, "admin."
                               There is a reason for this. We did not
find a way in GEMS to log in as a new user unless you close GEMS and
reopen the file. Now who, on election night, with votes pouring in, is
going to close and reopen the file? They don't. Instead, everyone
calls themselves the same name, "admin," thereby ruining the audit log
(which can be easily erased and changed anyway.)
                               What about counties that limit access
to just one person, the county elections supervisor?
                               We've found nowhere that actually does
this. The reason: Elections officials are dependent on the vendor,
Diebold, during the election.
                               Suppose we have a computer whiz county
official who is the ONLY person who can access GEMS?
                               Unlikely, but if you do: "Trust, but
verify." We should never have to trust the sanctity of a million votes
to just one person.
                               The following things can be done when
you go in the back door in GEMS using Microsoft Access:
                               1) You can change vote totals.
                               2) You can change flags, which act as
digital "on-off" switches, to cause the program to function
                               According to internal Diebold memos,
there are 32 combinations of on-off flags.  Even the programmers have
trouble keeping track of all the changes these flags can produce.
                               3) You can alter the audit log.
                               4) You can change passwords, access
privileges, and add new users.
                               Let's talk about passwords
                               How many people can have passwords to
GEMS? A sociable GEMS user can give all his friends access to the vote
database. We added 50 people, and gave them all the same password,
which was "password" -- so far, we haven't found a limit to how many
people can be granted access to the election database.
                               Election meltdown:
                               We found that you can melt down an
election in six seconds, simply by using the menu items in GEMS. You
can destroy all data with two mouse clicks, and with four mouse
clicks, you can destroy the configuration of the election making it
very difficult to reload the original data.
                               Does GEMS even work as advertised?
According to testimony given before the Cuyahoga Elections Board, the
Microsoft Access database design used by Diebold's GEMS program
apparently becomes unstable with high volume input. This problem,
according to Diebold, resulted in thousands of votes being allocated
to the wrong candidate in San Diego County in March 2004.
                               The Audit Log
                               Britain J. Williams, Ph.D., is the
official voting machine certifier for the state of Georgia, and he
sits on the committee that decides how voting machines will be tested
and evaluated. Here's what he had to say about the security of Diebold
voting machines, in a letter dated April 23, 2003:
                               "Computer System Security Features: The
computer portion of the election system contains features that
facilitate overall security of the election system. Primary among
these features is a comprehensive set of audit data. For transactions
that occur on the system, a record is made of the nature of the
transaction, the time of the transaction, and the person that
initiated the transaction. This record is written to the audit log. If
an incident occurs on the system, this audit log allows an
investigator to reconstruct the sequence of events that occurred
surrounding the incident.
                               Since Dr. Williams listed the audit
data as the primary security feature, we decided to find out how hard
it is to alter the audit log.
                               We went in the front door in GEMS and
added a user named "Evildoer." We had Evildoer perform various
functions, including running reports to check his vote-rigging work,
but only some of his activities showed up on the audit log. When we
had Evildoer melt down the election, by hitting "reset election" and
declining to back up the files, he showed up in the audit log.
                               No matter. It was a simple matter to
eliminate Evildoer. We went in through the back door and simply
deleted all the references to Evildoer.
                               Microsoft Access encourages those who
create audit logs to use auto-numbering, so that every logged entry
has an uneditable log number. Then, if one deletes audit entries, a
gap in the numbering sequence will appear. However, we found that this
feature was disabled, allowing us to write in our own log numbers. We
were able to add and delete from the audit without leaving a trace.
                               Could the double set of books be
                               From a programming standpoint, there
might be reasons to have a special vote ledger that disengages from
the real one. For example, election officials might say they need to
be able to alter the votes to add provisional ballots or absentee
ballots.  If so, this calls into question the training of these
officials. If election officials are taught to deal with changes by
overwriting votes, regardless of whether they do this in vote ledger 1
or vote ledger 2, this is improper.
                               Also, if it was legitimate, it would be
a menu item in the GEMS program, not executed in a hidden location
triggered by a secret 2-digit code. Nothing in the GEMS documentation
describes the use of any feature like this whatsoever.
                               Here's why we need to involve CPAs in
vote tabulation regulations, procedures, and design:
                               If changing election data is required,
the corrective entry must be made not by overwriting vote totals, but
by making a corrective entry.
                               It is never acceptable to make changes
by overwriting. Data corrections should not be prohibited, but must
always be done by indicating changes through a clearly marked line
item that preserves each transaction.
                               However, according to elections
officials we interviewed, GEMS is improperly designed, and cannot
perform an adjustment, and you can't journal changes that occur for
weird reasons that really happen. (For example, a poll worker might
accidentally run ballots through twice. You need to be able to correct
this and still show your work.)
                               Instead of doing an adjustment and
showing the explanation, retaining a permanent record of everything
that happened, a common procedure is to wipe out the mistake, and
simply overwrite it with new data. This is completely improper, from
an auditing standpoint.
                               It is certainly improper to have the
summary reports come from the second ledger, while pulling the spot
check reports from the first ledger, with a provision in the back door
to allow these two ledgers to be mismatched.
                               But there is more evidence that these
extra sets of books are illicit: If the extra set of books is
legitimate, the county officials, whose jurisdiction paid for and own
the voting system, should be informed of such functions. Yet Diebold
has not explained to county officials why it is there at all, and in
most cases, never even told them these functions exist.
                               As a member of slashdot.org commented
when we originally published this information: "This is not a bug,
it's a feature."

@_date: 2004-10-31 21:18:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Osama's makeover 
C'mon Bill, that's not fair.  Even Osama commented on how
Bush was making good progress on that book about the goats
in the school on 9/11.  How W didn't even want to put it down,
he enjoyed it so much.
His fine reading skills even got shown in Fahrenheight 911,
along with some amusing footage of his handlers,
and that's a documentary, so it must be true.

@_date: 2004-10-31 04:09:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: bin Laden gets a Promotion, UBL=Moses 
I'm voting for Kodos.  [Simpsons ref]
UBL was pleasantly rational in this one.  Even explained the origin
of the tower-dropping plans, which was a nice bit for the historians.
I'm surprised
the "Ask yourselves why we didn't attack Sweden" comment
isn't discussed more; then again I find even intelligent people
refractory to that obvious question.
UBL still thinks lay Americans elect their leaders, or have
a clue what they're doing, but he is a man of strong faith.  He even
a succint reminder of the way out, "Leave my people alone", Moses
like.  Time for more locusts, frogs, red tides, or modern equivalents,
I'm afraid.  Extra points for the commentary on Bush Sr learning about
dynasty from
the Saudis, etc, and installing his sons as governors.
M. Atta -an Army of One

@_date: 2004-10-30 04:01:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Ruling the planet 
Silly JA, we want to rule the frickin' solar system.  Give GWB a line
of Peruvian and he'll go off on Mars.   The more cluefull know about
more proximate artificial and aggressive satellites, but we can't
discuss them.
Got Shutter Authority?    The Zionists do...
I'll see your Iranian UF6 and raise you a Dimona...

@_date: 2004-10-30 00:33:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: 2000 curies of Ci 
They lose the neutron sources used for well logging.
They contain mCi amounts of Am241 and other hot
'topes.  They use a reaction with Be to produce neutrons
from alphas, like the early nukebomb initiators.
More often, soil-density gauges are lost/stolen from
road crews.  They also have fractional Ci amounts of
RDD-able topes.  But they're very useful; fairly sturdy;
acceptable risk.
and read a few days' reports.

@_date: 2004-10-23 16:12:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: US enacts tough new security measures on visitors, foreign   student 
Also unmentioned: all foreign flight schools are now heavily
and swarthy and/or moslem students have that fact added to their
Permenant Record.

@_date: 2004-10-21 04:55:11
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: immune system diseases, TSA, false positives 
An immune system is a great thing until it attacks the self.
In part this can be due to the limited size of recognized motifs.
For instance, the string "David Nelson" triggers the TSA goons.
If you add the phonetic-similarity recognition (required
when you transcode arabic names), the matching string-set
grows even larger.  Any reports from Dave Nelsohns out there?
At work the IT-dept-installed AV software on my PC found a virus.
Only it was an object file I had just cross-compiled, for an obscure
Freescale (nee Motorola) CPU.  It promptly notified me and
moved my binary.  Breaking my build.  Costing the company
my time, and another engineer's to resolve it.  By suppressing
the immune system, at least in one region; the cornea is readily
transplanted because the immune system can't touch it.
I suppose anyone who's pregnancy has been endangered by
Rh incompatability knows the dangers of friend or foe vigilance.
security parable, I thought, anyway.
Another case: Bush campaigning in FLA.  His security parade prevents my
folks, living there, from voting, that day.   (One of many states with
voting, now.)  The irony overwhelms.
"Terrorists are the only true avant-garde artists because they're the
only ones who are still capable of really surprising people."
---Laurie Anderson (official artist of NASA..)

@_date: 2004-10-07 03:38:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: City Challenged on Fingerprinting Protesters 
[as in arrested for protesting]
The UK is a fantastic example of the US in a few years.  In a way,
the UK population are beta testers for the statism of the future here.
If it passes in the UK, they'll try it in the US in a 'wee bit'.
Its when Ross Anderson ends up detained as an enemy combatant
that the sleeper cells (tm) will be triggered.
Not only DNA, of course; surveillance cameras, papers on demand,
domestic CIA (MI-blah) powers, etc.  And y'all are our obediant and
faithful military poodles.  Only the Aussies and Iberians have gotten
the feedback though.  Your turn will come.  Batman in a turban, mofo.
We sympathize, of course, protestant angliospeaking folks are regarded
as human, but bemoan your lack of constitutional
protections (here my more cynical friends accuse me of bill-o'-rights
and you must pay penance for Benny Hill, anyway.
No one expects the BSA (in a silly voice)
Funny how those needing killing are nearly universally elected or
what was that old-school Frog's comment about democracy?
Got ANFO?

@_date: 2004-10-01 02:43:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "ID Rules Exist, But Can't Be Seen" 
Not only that, but as Bruce S pointed out, they can reverse-engineer
the rules by sending probes.

@_date: 2004-10-03 17:26:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Spotting the Airline Terror Threat 
Nice to see another euphemism for cultural prejudgice:
"the human element", mein fuhrer (insert Dr Strangelove image)
Reminds me of how you can't use race in eg loan application processing,
but you *can* use neural nets whose behaviors are hidden in the nodes.
(As a lib, I know its wrong to tell folks they can't use predicate-X;
but for the state to use eg race disguised as "the human element"
is criminal.)
PS: do cargo planes have kevlar doors yet?

@_date: 2004-10-03 16:49:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: comfortably numb 
In the US its generally illegal to tattoo someone who is drunk.
In many ways this fellow is.
I recently read that DoCoMo is moving towards using cellphones as
wallets for all kinds of value.
Though they could have the phone be an anonymous bearer
token like cash or a prepaid token
(which, like cash, limits the loss to the stored value if the phone is
or stolen), they "thought customers would prefer transaction records".
Japs don't care for privacy, it seems.   If they lose the phone, its
just one call to DoCoMo instead of several to credit companies,
which is touted as a plus.  Makes analyzing behavior easier if
its centralized.  Insects.

@_date: 2004-10-06 05:33:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: City Challenged on Fingerprinting Protesters 
There is a bill in this year's Ca election to require DNA sampling of
anyone arrested.  Not convicted of a felony, but arrested.

@_date: 2004-10-09 16:03:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: RFID Driver's licenses for VA 
When you get your driver's license, you should run a magnet over
it to keep iron oxides from staining your wallet.  And apparently
you should now microwave it to clean those DMV-employee pathogens
from it.  Then it will be safe to carry, and you can see for yourself
what it tells
everyone else ---part of the definition of safety.

@_date: 2004-10-24 03:27:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
associated with >some action you really disagree with is just outside
the realm of the sort of moral decision I >can figure out.  Just like
flying planes into buildings full of people with almost nothing to do
Osama et al suffer from the belief that Americans chose their leaders
and thus are responsible for their actions.  They also observe that
the only language americans understand is dead civilians inside the
Ergo WTC feedback.
Tim McV may have somewhat analogously assumed that all Feds would
take notice of his feedback.
(In addition, the WTC demolishion got a disproportionate number
of jews, just as Okla did get a few BATF goons.  But the message was
more generally intended.)
Consider: If a crip whacks your homey, you needn't pop *that* crip to
make your
point.  Any crip will do.  Snipe a few tax collectors and all Caesar's
take note.

@_date: 2004-10-17 17:50:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Airport insanity 
They were being used as human shields by the fedcriminals in the
building.  They were collateral damage, in the modern parlance.
Ask the Iraqis to explain it to you.
He was a retired US soldier, carrying out his mission to protect the

@_date: 2004-10-17 17:47:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Airport insanity 
Neither did M. Atta et al. target innocents, he targeted those who
elected the Caesars.  And they were not pursuing suicide (a
Moslem sin), since they are enjoying a comfy afterlife for
their martyrdom.
Neither is Osama et al.; only infidels call him a fundie, and
the Jihadists have no problem with lighter or asian folks who subscribe.
In fact, they can be quite useful, as they don't fit the rascist
that the TSA goons practice...

@_date: 2004-10-29 04:19:01
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: 2000 curies of Ci 
Just for correctness' sake, there is no element named "Ci", its an
for Curies, ie the activity of a gram of Ra.
Perhaps you meant Cs-137.  Halliburton loses mCi of Am-241 etc

@_date: 2004-10-29 04:17:02
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Geodesic neoconservative empire 
If the only way
Is this geodesic neo-conservativism?   Where can I start
bearer-document goose-stepping?
Whatever happened to leaving the barbarians to kill themselves,
and getting the fuck out of family spats?

@_date: 2004-10-31 21:12:06
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Winning still matters, etc... 
They're called downwinders.  Which way do the winds blow in the middle
No, I assume you can nuke whereever you want, just because we can.
This is my take on your thesis that we are discussing.  Kicking hegemony
up a notch, finishing the job, let's roll...  It will get easier when a
US city
gets nuked.
The folks on the West coast might not like a few trillion curies in
their soup even
if we did get rid of the Indonesian Problem in the process.
Maybe they just need to suck it up,
ask not what their country can do for them, but how they can bend over
for it.
Childhood leukemia is getting easier to cure anyway.

@_date: 2004-10-31 04:21:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Winning still matters, etc... 
The large pit of smoldering radioactive glass is probably not an
The "cannot even make" is patently offensive; why do nitration when what
need is around?  And how many Americans could wire a Casio or Nokia
to a det cap on their own?
They cannot blow up enough Abrams tanks or even Humvees
Obviously the US mil industrial machine is not the weak link.
But what they can accomplish is to maim
Say 10 years from now, the dead marine count is in the high 5 figures,
(perhaps they are drafted), there's more snuff-videos than porn on the
web, the US *will* give up and leave, and the Jihad LLC will have won.
10 years, 20 years, whatever.   Persistance works.  And the martyrs
the virgins, at best the infidels play harps and fly around the clouds,
I'll see your IED and raise you Brittney's belly-button.

@_date: 2004-10-31 04:23:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Osama's makeover 
And did you see the wire up his back and the earpiece?
Or maybe its hard to get good tailors in Pakistan.

@_date: 2004-11-26 03:02:01
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: "And I hope that you die; And your death'll come soon" 
Quite refreshing (although a simple macromedia browser game would have
been a nice
touch) when a US teenager armed with a Dylan song warrants
a visit from the men in black:
"People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and
have a tremendous
impact on history."  -some idiot republican

@_date: 2004-11-25 01:40:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Gilmore's regional arrest & interstate travel 
The feds can't prohibit interstate travel, no?  To visit 2 of the
states, you must use a boat.  Do boats require ID?
I understand that trains now do.
[Note that driving through a foreign country should not be
required.  To boat you pass out of US waters, into
international, and back into US waters.]
Will DCite be greenish like trinitite, or is the swamp iron-poor?

@_date: 2004-11-25 01:31:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Latest Tasteful Video Game: Chappaquiduck 
I'm waiting for Grand Theft Auto IV, Drunk Over the Bridge With the
Secretary variant.  Wonder what Teddie will say about that one.
Oswald saved the world from nuclear conflict, thank the gods he
offed the sex & drug crazed toothy one as soon as he (et al :-) did.
And a hell of a shot as well.   Gotta respect that, with a bolt-action,
no less.

@_date: 2004-11-17 04:29:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: condosleeza rice 
Dangle da carrot and dem negroes go fer da bait.
Dang they'll lie for you like nothin' and dey're disposable
as well!  Gawd I love da south!
Its a shame, Powell won't run.  Instead, Fascism
needs you, or your children.
And hey, if Arnie gets his amendment (snort), the Carcano
needs dusting off, say what you will about Oswald's politics,
or the quality of spanish bolt-actions, or Maria's grim-reaper
physiognomy, where is Oswald's ghost when you need it?

@_date: 2004-11-14 01:37:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Cell Phone Jammer? 
You know, bug-soldered components :-)
Is that a jacobs ladder in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
You disturb my aether, I decode your signal, fuck the 900 MHz
(or whatever, analog cell) prohibition, eh?
Have we state-licenced SPICE, or compilers yet?

@_date: 2004-11-13 03:45:31
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Freedom of Expression 
Not if that manic-depressive, mother of controlled-substance-abusing
spawn named Tipper Gore had maintained the power that she rode when her
"Internet-Inventing" husband was fighting for his moronic political
She would have banned R&R, see the Mothers of Prevention album,
by the premiere American composer of the 20th century, among others.
Not that I wouldn't pay good money to see her, William Cohen's bipolar
negress, and Condosleeza Rice duke it out, in a tub of Jello (tm), on
pay-per-view, officiated by the elder lackey Powell's FCC son
of course.  My money's on Rice, she knows how to fight, damn the
collateral damage, full speed ahead.

@_date: 2004-11-13 03:23:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Stewart, Esq 
Sitting Bull
Bin Laden
Let my people go,
Any Questions?
violence," Stewart said. "I believe in the politics that lead to
being exerted by people on their own behalf to effectuate change."
Stewart cited the American Revolution and the struggle to end slavery as
such examples but emphasized that she did not support terrorism, saying,
do not believe in civilian deaths or wanton massacres.">

@_date: 2004-11-09 04:38:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: CIA Comic 
If you don't know what it was
Then it's still happening

@_date: 2004-11-01 05:11:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: The "plagues" are Mosaic asymmetric attacks, not biological 
You thought I meant bio plagues?!  Jeezus John, is your metaphorizer
broken?  Any
bio hazard is accidental, or Detrick, not Osama.  A *succession of
attacks against the Empire* is what I mean, alluding to the Jews
the Pharaoh, until he let them alone.    Pharoah=US, Moses=UBL,
Get your head around that one.
The infectious biological "attack" will be an accident of the modularity
and recombination of influenza on some chinese duck/pig/human
farm.  It will not be intentional but it will kill a lot before the
can be produced, which takes ca. 6 mos..  See 1918 pandemic,
and add jet airplanes.  A recent _Science_ article described
a model of this.  You are one or two days away from that duck/pig/human
incubator nowadays, no matter where you live.  That will happen,
but it won't be intentional.  The geopoli implications will be fun, but
UBL is not involved there.
A non-infectious biological attack (eg anthrax which isn't
infectious) is cheap, but not Al Q's preferred MO.  They go
for the special effects type attacks, simultaneous so you
know its them.  (Otherwise it could be a suicical egyptian,
a rudder jerked too hard, a screw-jack improperly lubricated,
the NTSC is very creative.)
Of course the Ft Detrick folks enjoy sending
the occasional sporulated letter to senators, but hey, their funding was
running out, you do what you gotta do.
A chem attack is pretty nifty, and in many ways easier than
fission or RDDs.  Since there are so many chems moving
around, and rad sources are so easy to detect, by virtue of the
energy of the emissions, and controlled/surveilled materials.
A tanker into a school is double the fun,
its been years since Columbine, and the underbelly is itching
for a scratch.  (Again, you need to pull off 2 the same day.)
I wonder if there is a school that enrolls only
first born sons, that would be interesting to read about in your mosaic
er netscape er IE browser, eh?   Since your allusion-detector is broken,
"mosaic", get it?
"Let my people go" and taking a beating only works if you have
wannabe-moral brits who want to divest anyway and your name is
Ghandi.  Otherwise the biblical plagues, aka asymmetric attack, approach
guaranteed to work in the limit.  All you need is enough popular
Its there.
It only took 200 dead marines and one bomb
to evict us from Lebanon, maybe 50K corpses for S. Nam, don't know about
N Korea, but do the math.   .mil are disposable, but they have families
whine and vote.  And the press is not *entirely* 0wn3d by the .gov, yet.
Again, the Mosaic approach of repeated asymmetric attacks on the Pharoah
is what Al Q
is up to.  Eventually the Pharoah/US gets fed up and says fuck it.
Maybe not this election, but eventually, and Al has time.  GW has only
4 more years, at best, and Rummy & Cheney are scheduled for a box in the
ground pretty
soon.  Wolfy has more time, but after a few more kilocorpses will lose
power with
Joe Sixpack and Joe's post-Bush "leader".
Operation Just Cause
Just because I'm an atheist doesn't mean I have to ignore
Egyptian/Hebrew history.
Just because I live here doesn't mean I don't think the US deserves the
that any Empire deserves.  Just because I'm an American doesn't mean I
can't use
sophisticated allusions.  Just because I say Mosaic Plagues doesn't mean
talking about frogs & locusts.  Dig?

@_date: 2004-11-03 06:04:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Musings on "getting out the vote" 
If you vote for Kang, the terrorists have won!
Besides, without paper (ie physical) evidence, how're you gonna prove
that Kang won?
At least I live in a blue state.  The reds, you've earned what you've
Those FONY baseball caps were getting passe, anyway.

@_date: 2004-11-09 04:42:33
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Collateral damage? 
stock?  Or if I hold a >mutual fund I inherited with a little Exxon
What part of "collateral damage" don't you understand?

@_date: 2004-11-13 16:54:05
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Cell Phone Jammer? 
say, 50
Cell Jammers do a DoS on the frequency used by the base station
to contact the handset, preventing a ring-in.  Or a ring-out; the
handset reports no service.  After a ring-in the
base tells the handset to jump to another freq, so you can't
drop an ongoing conversation with a typical jammer.
The < $200 jammers will stop folks in the next car, or in your office,
but not too much farther; depends on the strength of the local
base station.
To jam the entire cell freq *bands* would take more power and
more complex circuits.   A jacob's ladder and/or tesla coil might
work but would be indiscrete at least.

@_date: 2004-11-17 04:46:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: 1st amendment 
Any State employee who attempts to oppress free speech, including
video, deserves killing.  Read the Bill of Rights.
Any limitation on financial speech is dubious at best; however, one
imagines that bandwidth is readily donated, for free, as in liberty,
and beer, and code, and other forms of expression.
Any private ISP is free to do as they please; however, when the State
is involved, its minions must respect the BoR or expect a well-deserved
from Mr. Soze, et al.
Render unto Caesar, etc.

@_date: 2004-11-27 14:36:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Tin Foil Passports? 
What is most poignant about this post is the lack of education
of /. authors.  Don't they teach Maxwell any more?  Is Faraday
just the guy who said
"Sir, I do not know what it is good for.
But of one thing I am quite certain--someday you will tax it."
Put your cell phone in a metal tin, and call it.
Wrap your access point or receiver or other radio in Al foil.
Do you think Brin in _Enemy of the State_ was just a potato-chip

@_date: 2004-11-27 14:43:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: geographically removed? 
anarchist, my
dollars to
Internal resistance mediated by cypherpunkly tech can always be
defeated by cranking up the police state a notch.  This is eg why
e-cash systems have anonymity problems.  This is why there are
carnivore boxen aplenty.  The knurls on the police-state knob
are getting worn, it is cranked up so frequently now.
Useful resistance comes from asymmetric physical feedback such
as experienced in Lebanon, S. Arabia, off the coast of Yemen,
in a few embassies somewhere in africa, in the trains of Madrid,
Okla city, and some degenerate US east coast cities a few
years back, the latter indicating that "geographically removed" is less
and the only incident that Joe Voter is likely to remember.  Until the
next one, of course; Joe's buffer is not terribly capacious.
A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they
have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence
from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own
--George Washington

@_date: 2004-11-28 21:31:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Computerized war serves citizens virtual baloney 
Except when its the US military doing it...
out to
How do they define war?
How does the author feel about rifled barrels?  Chemical propellants
in general?  Is an atlatl moral?
How about a 'net-connected atlatl?
Just curious.

@_date: 2004-12-31 02:02:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] Cell phones for eavesdropping 
Of course, the low-budget govt snoops go for the basestations
and landline links.
The pending cell phone virus which calls 911 should be a real hoot.
I wonder if cell virii can carry a voice payload which they can
inject as well.  Or do we have to wait a few (viral) generations
for that?

@_date: 2004-12-23 08:06:17
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: All your wavelengths belong to us (or Powell, or the SS) 
The FCC is trying to shut down a guerilla radio station in DC
calling for protests during Bush's January re-anoint^H^H^H^H^H
Google for it.

@_date: 2004-12-22 03:16:18
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [Antisocial] Sept. 11 Conspiracy Theorist 
Very funny.  My walls o' vinyl are, BTW, licenses to KaZaa the content
in more convenient forms.
Here, this will amuse you.  Only last week did I burn my first audio
CD.  The week before, my first data CD.  Before that, it was hot backups
and ZIP disks.   Yes, we're 4 years into the 21st century.  Dig.
As far as "Dad's", well, how many five year olds know Waits, Krimso,
and Einsturzende, but know nothing of Brittny?
I recently recycled a computer fan guard into the AA site of a
mock toy RPG, using styro cups as the grenade and a broken plastic
gun as the handle.  Compleat with balaclava on the young-un.
Stick that in your chillum and process it.
And have a nice solstice.

@_date: 2004-12-18 06:19:57
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Frank Zappa, american composer 
at a
I didn't bother wasting my attention enough to see if FZ was deemed
a freak or not in this article.  I will tell you that he was not into
pharmaceuticals but was one of the finest american composers
of the last century ---and Tipper Gore[1] will burn in hell for wasting
his time.  If you want to appreciate his brilliance, the _yellow shark_
album (which puts to music the US form required of immigrants)
will inform you.
[1] A publicly known mentally ill person who spawned drug-abusing
future citizens and slept with liars.

@_date: 2004-12-17 21:55:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Gait advances in emerging biometrics 
marching in
And RPGs.  Lots and lots of RPGs.
And MANPADS.

@_date: 2004-12-13 07:03:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Mixmaster is dead, long live wardriving 
Interestingly, I don't
I've met some people this year who war-fly SoCal: a cessna, laptop, and
regular dipole
suffices, and a GPS helps with the mapping, but it was only for
curiosity's sake,
esp given the short time you're in a given net.

@_date: 2004-12-12 22:48:19
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Gentlemen don't read each others' mail.. bush no gman 
Anyone surprised that the US spooks are admitting to wiretapping
UN people?  If they really had info they'd state it but refuse to answer
how they got it.
Somehow I doubt that UN officials and the people they might
chat with will get the secure phones they need.

@_date: 2004-12-11 14:43:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: TSA groping 
I flew monthly for several years after 2001.  I was never touched.
Should I be surprised to find a goon touching me that way, I would not
able to stop certain reflexes involving ballistic application of
elbows and knees.  I am surprised this has not happened or perhaps it is
not reported.

@_date: 2004-12-10 03:04:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: tempest back doors 
The poster didn't understand how to backdoor a program using
unintentional RF as the channel.  I told them.  That's "so what"

@_date: 2004-12-08 04:12:56
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Where is TM when you need him? 
For some time after he left, he cruised a feline group, perhaps
because one of his cats died.   Perhaps this was the inspiration
for Puss, an anonymous freelance purveyor of force, in _Shrek II_.
Or not.

@_date: 2004-12-08 03:58:43
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: metaforce 
Bleating and babbling we fell on his neck with a scream..
-Cows with guns == unintentional consequences

@_date: 2004-12-08 03:53:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: malevolent randomness 
Please remember to watch a random stream.  Random negatives will
occur in surprisingly long to your finite-state simian mind sequences.
Myself, I run a geiger counter, and it makes me happy.  Some bins,
no counts, others, a few times higher than average.  Dig?
"The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to
 -Robert R. Coveyou ORNL mathematician

@_date: 2004-12-03 05:33:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Jewish wholy words.. 
Just remember this [C]Hanu[k]ka[h] that the Macabbees were
terrorists from the POV of the dominant hegemony...
Oh, but the [solstice-coopted 'holiday'] is about someone
topping off oil, not about rebellion against domination.  Ooops.
Nope, no parallels here.

@_date: 2004-12-03 05:28:20
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Got Chips? 
If they even think you have a tracking chip, you'll be boxed up in
a Faraday cage faster than you can say Jimmy Walker-Lindh.
Clothing optional, baby.
Got 121.5 Mhz?

@_date: 2004-12-03 05:26:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: O'Reilly is a terrorist 
My favorite irony-pegging experience of the week was
Bill O accusing an Al-Jazeera spokesman of not being
fair and balanced.   Lets bomb those mofos and blame
it on an out-of-date Yugo map.

@_date: 2004-12-03 05:23:40
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Hawala != Halal 
Yep, sorry, I've got templegrandin.com on the brain.  Only PETA
thinks Halal is a terrorist, or at least carnivorous, weapon.

@_date: 2004-12-01 02:44:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Tin Foil Passports, Al foil diplomas 
Today I heard a guy at work describe the Turkish empire to another.
Their plan
was to eliminate foreign schools for ca. 300 years so the conquered
be lame.  No Canticle For Liebowitz for the conquered.
I refrained from expressing the parallels I perceived, camoflage is best
some times.
Got IED?

@_date: 2004-12-01 02:34:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: geographically removed? 
Call me pessimistic, but you seem optimistic to me.
At least we're moderately back on topic :-)

@_date: 2004-12-01 02:36:39
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: geographically removed?  eHalal 
Halal was deemed a terrorist weapon, and contrary to the treasury's
policies, game over.

@_date: 2004-12-01 02:41:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Oswald, Atta, Your Name Here 
True nuff.  I recently fired up M$ FS '98, and on my first attempt was
able to Atta the WTC in a 747-300, whereas a more nimble plane
was too responsive to my commands and stalled, spiralled, etc.
And I could cycle my 7.52x54R bolt-action in under a second on my
first try, but again, grace under pressure is cool.

@_date: 2004-12-03 05:30:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Unintended Consequences 
Made me want to name my first mulatto "Gonorreah" fer sure :-)

@_date: 2004-12-10 03:01:04
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: "Word" Of the Subgenius... 
A rational person has to admit that many parasitic folks of all albedos
are able to exist
because they occupy a govt-funded niche.
Without a welfare govt, those people would either 1. subsist on private
(ie voluntary) charity, 2. become useful by necessity 3. die of
4. die during attempts to coerce others with violence.
Depending on your beliefs about human demographics/nature, you will
assign variable percentages to these outcomes.
It *is* racist to think that genotypes in each bin will differ *IFF* you
*don't* ascribe this outcome to culture associated with genotypes.
But culturism is not racism, its recognition of how behavior and
evolution work.  I subscribe to and will defend culturism.
(I speak for myself, not TM (tm), though I may or may not be a duly
appointed pope of the church of strong cryptography; though recently
I've been trending towards being an Earthquaker,
who believes in tectonics, esp. during seismic events.  Our vatican
is in Parkfield BTW :-)

@_date: 2004-12-09 05:37:52
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: primes as far as the eye can see, discrete continua 
copied under fair use only because Roy put in the research...
NUMBER THEORY:
 Proof Promises Progress in Prime Progressions
 Barry Cipra
 The theorem that Ben Green and Terence Tao set out to prove would have
been impressive enough. Instead, the two
 mathematicians wound up with a stunning breakthrough in the theory of
prime numbers. At least that's the preliminary assessment
 of experts who are looking at their complicated 50-page proof.
 Green, who is currently at the Pacific Institute for the Mathematical
Sciences in Vancouver, British Columbia, and Tao of the
 University of California (UC), Los Angeles, began working 2 years ago
on the problem of arithmetic progressions of primes:
 sequences of primes (numbers divisible only by themselves and 1) that
differ by a constant amount. One such sequence is 13,
 43, 73, and 103, which differ by 30.
 In 1939, Dutch mathematician Johannes van der Corput proved that there
are an infinite number of arithmetic progressions of
 primes with three terms, such as 3, 5, 7 or 31, 37, 43. Green and Tao
hoped to prove the same result for four-term
 progressions. The theorem they got, though, proved the result for prime
progressions of all lengths.
 "It's a very, very spectacular achievement," says Green's former
adviser, Timothy Gowers of the University of Cambridge, who
 received the 1998 Fields Medal, the mathematics equivalent of the Nobel
Prize, for work on related problems. Ronald Graham, a combinatorialist
at UC San Diego,
 agrees. "It's just amazing," he says. "It's such a big jump from what
came before."
 Green and Tao started with a 1975 theorem by Endre Szemerdi of the
Hungarian Academy of Sciences. Szemerdi proved that arithmetic
progressions of all
 lengths crop up in any positive fraction of the integers--basically,
any subset of integers whose ratio to the whole set doesn't dwindle away
to zero as the numbers get
 larger and larger. The primes don't qualify, because they thin out too
rapidly with increasing size. So Green and Tao set out to show that
Szemerdi's theorem still
 holds when the integers are replaced with a smaller set of numbers with
special properties, and then to prove that the primes constitute a
positive fraction of that set.
                                       Prime suspect. Arithmetic
progressions such as this 10-prime sequence are infinitely abundant, if
a new proof
                                       holds up.
 To build their set, they applied a branch of mathematics known as
ergodic theory (loosely speaking, a theory of mixing or averaging) to
mathematical objects called
 pseudorandom numbers. Pseudorandom numbers are not truly random,
because they are generated by rules, but they behave as random numbers
do for certain
 mathematical purposes. Using these tools, Green and Tao constructed a
pseudorandom set of primes and "almost primes," numbers with relatively
few prime
 factors compared to their size.
 The last step, establishing the primes as a positive fraction of their
pseudorandom set, proved elusive. Then Andrew Granville, a number
theorist at the University of
 Montreal, pointed Green to some results by Dan Goldston of San Jose
State University in California and Cem Yildirim of Bo_gazii University
in Istanbul, Turkey.
 Goldston and Yildirim had developed techniques for studying the size of
gaps between primes, work that culminated last year in a dramatic
breakthrough in the
 subject--or so they thought. Closer inspection, by Granville among
others, undercut their main result (Science, 4 April 2003, p. 32; 16 May
2003, p. 1066),
 although Goldston and Yildirim have since salvaged a less far-ranging
finding. But some of the mathematical machinery that these two had set
up proved to be
 tailor-made for Green and Tao's research. "They had actually proven
exactly what we needed," Tao says.
 The paper, which has been submitted to the Annals of Mathematics, is
many months from acceptance. "The problem with a quick assessment of it
is that it
 straddles two areas," Granville says. "All of the number theorists
who've looked at it feel that the number-theory half is pretty simple
and the ergodic theory is
 daunting, and the ergodic theorists who've looked at it have thought
that the ergodic theory is pretty simple and the number theory is
 Even if a mistake does show up, Granville says, "they've certainly
succeeded in bringing in new ideas of real import into the subject." And
if the proof holds up? "This
 could be a turning point for analytic number theory," he says.

@_date: 2004-12-08 03:45:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: primes as far as the eye can see, discrete continua 
Saw in a recent _Science_ that Ben Green of Cambridge proved
that for any N, there are an infinite number of evenly spaced
of primes that are N numbers long.   He got a prize for that.  Damn
Now back to the decline of the neo-roman empire...

@_date: 2004-12-08 04:08:59
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: tempest back doors 
You have your code drive a bus with signal.  The bus radiates, you
'TEMPEST' the signal, game over.  Back in the 60s folks programmed
PDPs to play music on AM radios.  Same thing.  Dig?

@_date: 2004-12-08 04:15:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: cog sci as a tool of the beast? 
The viewscreens of the future will simply monitor the blood flow
to various areas of the cortex to see if we are lying when we
express our minute of hate, or love for the rulers.  RT is so

@_date: 2004-12-08 04:16:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Supremes need hanging 
Anonymity is as american as the BoR.  The supremes need thermal chimney
ascension for their deriliction of sworn duty.

@_date: 2004-12-12 22:17:46
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: Blinky Rides Again: RCMP suspect al-Qaida messages 
The high-level pigs try to introduce this hysteria-generator
The dumb typists eat what they're fed.
Eventually it reaches critical mass in Joe Sixpacks and Tipper Gore
comes out whining about the chiiildren.  This is the intent of the high
level pigs.
Psyops ain't just for the (overt) military you know...
Stego rules for a safer tomorrow:
1. Always use original carrier image/sounds/whatever
2. Generally broadcasting (eg eBay) is best, recipients should
download lots of similar carriers
3. Keep S/N low so detection is problematic
4. Wardrive injection/download is best
5. Keep your tools on your flash drive not your HD

@_date: 2004-12-10 02:43:50
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: SEC Probes Firms That Gather Data on Who Owns What Shares 
Just for the newbies, these are all bearer instruments, in RAHspeak.
Bearer instruments (incl. gold, tobacco, whiskey, goats, etc.)
let you do things that you don't want monitored.  They also have
'finders keepers' property, which is a corollary, and a bug (not a
feature) should you lose your wallet/stash.  This is a hard property
to imbue digicash with because you need to prevent double-spending,
which generally requires some kind of online access, also a feature.
(Think gas station in the boonies without a credit card terminal;
only cash, gold, silver, Pu, etc if the vendor believes he is competent
to verify
those precious elements, etc.)

@_date: 2004-12-11 14:39:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: punkly current events 
I agree, with the additional constraint that mix functionality piggyback
with a more popular feature.  Most folks won't install even the most
benign, easy to use mixer; but include a mix server in a jazzy
IM or next-gen napster program, and you get deployed.

@_date: 2004-12-10 14:53:26
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: punkly current events 
Name a place which is not subject to US juridiction?   Ok, Iran, N Kr,
we pull a regime change (tm) on them.  Yeah, they have a lot of 'net
bandwidth, right.
Some of the ex-soviets perhaps,
only because the rubles / threats from the mafia exceed the rubles
from the USG.  Otherwise our "advisors" will help you "Round Up" your
local cash crops, you how to shoot down missionaries, teach you
how to gore an election.  Even the chinese want trade enough to pander
and are not unwilling to enforce a police state.
Meanwhile all your Pakis are belong to u$ (except for those that
don't, but hide the fact and um Sheik Yerbouti).
And if extradition isn't happening fast enough, we'll send a DEA
agent or snatch-und-grab specops to kidnap them.
Hegemony isn't just for breakfast anymore.  If you think you're not
under Bush's boot, you just haven't pissed him off enough, yet.

@_date: 2004-12-10 02:33:09
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: punkly current events 
Someone should have commented here, so I will, that some judges (earning
hanging) basically said that anonymity is not a right.  This
in the context of mask-wearing in public.  If the Klan doesn't have
a right to wear pillowcases what makes you think mixmaster will

@_date: 2004-12-12 22:08:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Mixmaster is dead, long live wardriving 
You've already lost 90% of your possible hosts
You're obviously talking about some fringe unix-like OS...
And if you forget then your message is sent to the To: recipient.  Nice
easy-to-screw-up UI there :-(

@_date: 2004-12-11 14:48:41
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Mixmaster is dead, long live wardriving 
On the contrary.  A recent article (zdnet IIRC) described a non-hacker
visiting his father, and using a neighbor's connection accidentally.
This is very common.  My own non-tech father regularly finds
other nets in his neighborhood, using default apps (not 'Stumbler, etc).
Sure there are a handful of people that
That 'wardrive' knowing its called that, yes.  That do so accidentally,
Mixmaster is the most godawful complex thing to use, much less
administer, around.  Even Jack B Nymble is complex.
It needs a simple luser interface and something
to piggyback servers on.

@_date: 2004-12-10 14:41:55
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Mixmaster is dead, long live wardriving 
OK, substitute "wardriving email injection when wardriving is otherwise
legal" for Mixmastering, albeit the former is less secure since the
injection lat/long is known.  And you need to use a disposable
Wifi card or at least one with a mutable MAC.
Or consider a Napster-level popular app which includes mixing or
onion routing.

@_date: 2004-12-17 02:46:51
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Gait advances in emerging biometrics 
0wns the
Very nice quote.
Can I get an insurance policy on you, with me as beneficiary?

@_date: 2004-12-16 03:58:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Gait advances in emerging biometrics 
Look up Johansson, et al.  Point light displays.  Yes you can tell
sex, age, etc., from the ratios of rotational axes, etc, but a stone
in the shoe is a bitch.
All faith is in drivers' licenses, a total joke, I got gummies on your
'prints, all your time-derivatives are mine.
But grant$ are good, and flavor$ of DARPA be bitchin.

@_date: 2004-12-22 03:20:00
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Israeli Airport Security Questioning Re: CRYPTO-GRAM,  December  15, 
this kind of screening, but that doesn't mean most of the people who
want to blow up planes would be any good at it!
You really continue to understimate the freedom fighters, don't you?
(The first) King George did the same.

@_date: 2004-12-19 06:13:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [Antisocial] Sept. 11 Conspiracy Theorist 
I haven't found the source, I recall that I heard it.  Might have been a
quickie comment on eg the Crystal Cathedral shooter.
(Their depressed music conductor who alas didn't
take Schuller out.)
..They have computers, they're tappin' phone lines, you know that ain't

@_date: 2004-12-18 06:15:28
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: [Antisocial] Sept. 11 Conspiracy Theorist 
Indeed.  The dude shows that
1. ability to inherit $$$ doesn't imply brains
2. he should take a structural engineering class
3. he might appreciate the hubris of Architects (tm) but that requires
If he really gave a shat he'd investigate the RDX stored in the
Murrah building, next to daycare, but that was just a (.mil trained)
not a bunch of specops Ay-rabs.
JYA may be Architects (snicker) but methinks he groks structures,
and even if not, his cryptome penance absolves him from the sins
of the artsy.
PS: heard some fedscum mention 'militia and other terrorists' the other
day, what would Gen George W think?
(Ans: The general would ask, why do we not guillotine the bastards?)

@_date: 2004-12-18 06:51:46
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Flaw with lava lamp entropy source 
I've been running a 1970s-era lava lamp for some time, and found
that it can enter a stable attractor where you get a non-circulating
blob o' wax at the bottom.  While Walker et al.'s (?) LL video entropy
source is cute/clever, the general lesson we can take from this is to be
that physical sources do not fail.  Cooling the lamp and restarting it
seems to have put it back into a quasi-random physical trajectory.
I suppose my visual observation counts as an online entropic monitor
that any physical source apparently should have.
This was driven by a 40 watt bulb and the ambient temperature dropped
when it
stabilized.  Shaking did not restart it; only cooling and then reheating
Now back to your regularly scheduled war crimes.

@_date: 2004-12-19 06:22:53
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Militia or other Terrorists? 
It was ATF, about some gun-robbers; it seems to be a reply to trollbait
by the Faux news channel or spontaneous dreck.
Are they Terrorist or MilitiaBY GunMuse
 That was the question asked and answered to by Fox News to the ATF in
Michigan Gun
 store robberies. This is a prime example of where we see our gun
organizations failing to
 take action. Those words are not interchangeable. The Clinton
administration tried to
 make it that way while they rewrote the constitution via executive
orders, and gave away
 federal lands and national treasures (Like the liberty bell) to the
United Nations.
 This is a defamation of character to interchange these words.
Militias are required to by
 the constitution to be a citizen protection from government corruption
and abuse of power
 on its own people.  Its the very reason that the military can not be
used to police US
 citizens for any reason.
 More than 300 firearms have been stolen from local dealers in a short
period of time.  The
 thieves were caught on film using a shotgun to blast open the front
door running to the
 back display cases and grabbing as many pistols as they could carry and
were gone in
 less than 1 minute and 15 seconds.  The ATF said they already had
suspects and had
 issued a federal search warrant in the case and then was asked the
question.  Are the
 robbers terrorist or Militia?  Lumping American patriots and believers
in a strong
 constitutional government in the same boat as those who attacked New

@_date: 2004-12-22 03:17:58
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Coffee, Tea, or Should We Feel Your Pregnant Wife's Breasts  Before 
As EC said, the only we understand is dead Merkins.
911"? As
Karma rules, mofo.

@_date: 2005-01-29 03:04:42
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: MPAA files new film-swapping suits 
in 1996
I was surprised to see that the EFF listed ADCs as endangered tech.
the hollywood nazis regard (and damn rightly so) the analog hole as
real.  That a fairly stead
organization as EFF would regard the desparate death-sounds of hollywood
as a serious threat to such basic tech was astounding.
I've had cross-compiled code (for the MMC2107) identified as a virus
therefore erased) by an antivirus program on a PC.  This only lost an
hour or two of work.
Imagine that your medical measurements, or kids'
performances, happen to match an ADC's copy protection codes.
Imagine that all your silicon belongs to us, us=hollywood=congress.
Imagine that all your printing presses belong to the State, for the
protection of
the commercial merde.
"Be neither perpetrator, bystander, nor victim" ---a commentator on the
60th anniversary
of Auswitz, coming to a goverment center near you
Uranium --the Great Equalizer

@_date: 2005-01-21 14:37:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: crypto, science, and popular writing 
That is untrue.  In fact, RSA was introduced to the wider audience
via Sci Am IIRC.
I disagree.  I think some here --even you-- could write such an article.
Simply state entanglement as a given, much like gravity or maxwell's
electromagnetics, and then explain how its useful.
*Why* and *how* the "givens" are correct is not necessary, perhaps
not even known.  (After all, all physics does bottom out with
The same is true for explaining symmetric crypto, hasing, or PK ---just
assume a "hard" function, or a "one way trap door function", ignoring
avalanche or the number theory behind it, and go to applications
That Sci Am has gotten lefty and soft is regrettable, but don't think
this means
that crypto and QM apps can't be explained to your grandmother.

@_date: 2005-01-16 17:57:16
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: RE: [IP] No expectation of privacy in public? In a pig's eye!   (fwd 
Too easy.
5 points for adding to cop's personal car
10 points for adding to cop's spouse's personal car
20 points for adding to cop's mistress' personal car
Not sure about point assignments for
adding to cop's offspring's car
adding to cop's offspring's teacher's car

@_date: 2005-01-13 03:38:54
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: expectation of privacy 
A court refused to hear the case of a man accused of owning unlicensed
pharmaceuticals when a pig entered a locked loo.  The loo was part
of a gas station; the attendant called the pigs.  A prostitute was
in there too, with him, and the area rife with folks of that profession,
which is nothing.  But the court held reduced expectation of privacy in
a public loo.
One imagines much fun with anonymous calls when state employees
are in such places, but this does not temper our disgust, or desire for
with extreme prejudice.

@_date: 2005-01-13 03:31:36
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: [IP] The DNA round-up on Cape Cod (fwd from dave@farber.net 
The Beast doesn't know who licked the stamp.  A fiducial sample is what
they want.
In Calif, they could merely arrest you for a bogus charge to have the
to sample your families DNA as carried by you.
Schwarzenegger is not Austrian accidentally.
GATTACA was optimistic.

@_date: 2005-01-13 03:28:15
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Google Exposes Web Surveillance Cams 
I'm similarly annoyed that articles omit the URLs of "terrorist web
being forced to check ogrish.com, even if I couldn't read the language.
But government and its presses know best.

@_date: 2005-01-13 03:26:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Tasers for Cops Not You 
John: A taser is > 50 KV and microamps.  Not fun but it
doesn't cause fibrillation.  (Incoherent cardiac muscle
contraction -> no pulse.)  I now work for a company that
makes defibrillators.  It takes a few 10s of Joules through
the heart to fibrillate, typically 100-200 J for an adult,
during a certain critical window during the sinus rhythm.
Our gizmos discharge ~200 uF at up to 2 KV to defibrillate
a fibrillating heart, which will also fibrillate if administered to a
healthy heart
at the wrong time, as I said.  That's up to 40 amps.  (Through the pads
a chest is 20-200 ohms, typically 50.)  Without
a defibrillator the person is dead, CPR or not.
That's the science.  As far as pigs wanting slaves/peasants/citizens
to be unarmed, well, agree.  As far as choke holds on negroes,
excessive force on cocaine-stimulated citizens, etc goes, I have
nothing to bear on this.  As far as banning lethal and nonlethal
weapons for use by all but state minions, we agree.
When tasers, mace, body armor, .50 cal or lesser rifles are outlawed,
well, you know
the rest.  (Of course mace is best applied with q-tips to the eyes of
sitting protesters.  And the mercenaries in Iraq do fine with
pillowcases and
12V batteries.)
Though heavens fall, let justice be done.

@_date: 2005-01-06 15:02:21
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Technology vs social solutions 
radios.  At least after the first tsunami hit, the news would quickly
spread, and there were several hours between when the waves arrived at
different shores.  (And a 9.0 earthquake on the seafloor, or even a 7.0
earthquake on the seafloor, is a rare enough event that it's not crazy
to at least issue a "stay off the beach" kind of warning.)
Actually, people should know this as *background* in the same way that
you know
not to stand in open fields during lightening, play with downed
powerlines, or
walk into tail rotors.  I think some places have signs pointing
to higher elevations, with wave-glyphs.  I know that FLA has signs like
that for
hurricane storm-surges, and there are tornado signs in the midwest.
The rational explanation, I suppose, is that tsunami are so rare that
the knowledge is not
maintained.  (How many 'Merkins would know how to construct a nukebomb
these days?  How many SoCal'ians know how to drive on icy roads?)
Of course, broadcast media are used to tell people the obvious, eg don't
play in
channellized rivers during storms, and the evolution of the species
suffers slightly
but not entirely from the caveats.

@_date: 2005-01-03 21:45:47
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: How to Build a Global Internet Tsunami Warning System in a  Month 
1. 150 K asians is nothing.
2. You will see > 10,000 K dead worldwide from the next H5N1 flu coming
your friendly local chinese duck/pig farmer.  In under 6 months, which
is the time it takes to make a vaccine.
3. Homebrew warning systems will face the same problems as eg pro
volcano warning systems: too many false alarms and no one cares.
You might do better educating the beachfolk that when the water recedes
and they can see the coral, they ought to stop gawking and run.
But, hey, its a cool project, have fun.

@_date: 2005-01-06 14:45:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: California Bans a Large-Caliber Gun, and the Battle Is On 
Schwarzenegger, a
Ms C has earned herself a few hundred footpounds, or a few meters of
and tree-rental.  The Constitution explicitly protects our right to bear
military (not animal-hunting) arms.
An RPG a day keeps the occupiers away.

@_date: 2005-01-06 15:12:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: sitting ducks 
airplane with a rifle bullet?  How often do airplane maintenance people
notice bulletholes?
to do anything serious to its operation--the hole isn't big enough to
depressurize the cabin of a big plane, and unless it hits some critical
bits of the plane, it's not going to cause mechanical problems.
FWIW Recall that a few 'copters have been taken down with AK fire,
though the birds/round
is likely low.  And copters are more delicate than a multi-engined fixed
Hitting the cabin would be pretty effective though.  And certain parts
of big planes
are vital, perhaps moreso on fly by wire Airbus planes.
A homemade mortar through the roof of your van (IRA style) onto a
stationary, taxiing plane would be
pretty spectacular, sitting ducks... lots of cameras... easy getaway or
repeat fire..
Of course the BMG crap is all about eroding rights, not reality.

@_date: 2005-01-13 03:02:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: To Tyler Durden 
I just watched _Fight Club_ so I finally get your nym.  (Here in
low-earth geosynchronous orbit, content is delayed).  Cool.
I had thought it was your real name.
Maj. Variola (ret)

@_date: 2005-01-16 18:00:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: US slaps on the wardriver-busting paint 
How much is the TV tax in the UK?  How long to pay off the costs of
to hide one's IF oscillator from the White Vans?
Surprising that the Register didn't pick up on this.
The Al foil over the windows and screen over the appliance-vents might
be telling.  Otherwise its a waste of paint.
And haven't these paint-scammers heard of foil-backed insulation?

@_date: 2005-01-16 19:59:22
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Feral Cities 
Since when did a few remote Al Q boot camps piss people off?
Religion-based initiation of force pisses people off, just as the
Xian right will discover should it start beating women in the
Don't confuse the govt (eg Taliban, a faith-based organization) with
NGOs which may attract cruise missiles, but not hostility from the
populace, who probably enjoyed the extra commerce.

@_date: 2005-01-22 01:58:13
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Cpunk Sighting 
LATimes ran something too!  And even included a  link to the
terrorist-du-coeur, amateur pan-geo-opticon-astronomer who freely admits
having studied what hold buildings (and the thugs that tax them) up, as
well as once being an operative of the largest, most WMD'd military
ever.  Zeus bless his Promethian soul.
                      January 21, 2005
                      IN BRIEF / CANADA
                      Many Barred From U.S. Because of Security Lists
                      From Times Wire Reports
                      Dozens of people from Canada have been turned back
at the U.S. border or prevented
                      from boarding U.S.-bound planes because their
names are on the American "no-fly" list
                      or a State Department list of possible terrorists,
documents show.
                      The incidents are detailed in daily briefs from
the Homeland Security Department. They
                      contain no classified information.
                                                                    A
department spokesman
confirmed that the memos,
posted at
 , were

@_date: 2005-02-09 01:47:10
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: LA Times on brinworld, complete with nothing to hide quote 
Article Published: Sunday, February 06, 2005
- 7:14:24 PM PST
                           Who's got an
                           eye on you?
                           Secret
                           cameras are
                           everywhere
                           By Andrea
                           Cavanaugh,
                           Staff Writer
                           Smile!
                           If you're
                           making your
                           way around
                           Los Angeles
                           -- or any
                           metropolitan
                           area in
                           America these
                           days -- there's
                           a good
                           chance your
                           movements
                           are being
                           recorded by a
                           surveillance
                           camera.
                           Once limited
                           mostly to
                           banks and
                           convenience
                           stores, the
                           beady eye of
                           the surveillance camera has appeared nearly
everywhere over the past
                           decade. Cheaper surveillance systems and
heightened fears of terrorist
                           attacks have created a world that is
increasingly captured on camera.
                           "If you're outside doing anything, you're
being recorded 50 percent of the
                           time," said Paul Ramos, vice president of
sales and marketing for Fairfax
                           Electronics, a Los Angeles company that sells
security systems.
                           "If you're shopping or attending an event, it
goes up to 90 percent. Yes,
                           Big Brother is there, and Big Brother is
                           Perched on rooftops and under eaves, cameras
discreetly rake shopping
                           centers, stadiums, office buildings and
parking lots.
                           Police say surveillance cameras, whether
installed by businesses,
                           homeowners or local governments, act as a
powerful law-enforcement tool
                           and crime deterrent. Law-abiding people have
nothing to worry about, said
                           Lt. Paul Vernon of the Los Angeles Police
                           "When people start talking about Big Brother,
I say, 'I've got nothing to
                           hide.' Those cameras aren't looking into my
home, and if they were, it
                           would be pretty boring."
                           Although law-enforcement agencies hail the
technology as a labor-saving
                           device that allows them to patrol much larger
areas with fewer sets of eyes,
                           many civil libertarians view surveillance
cameras as a creeping erosion of
                           privacy rights.
                           "How would you like to be followed around by
a slimy guy in a raincoat
                           who records everything you do? It's a
technological version of a slimy guy
                           in a raincoat," said privacy expert Lauren
Weinstein, who is producing a
                           radio series about technology's impact on
                           "The difference is, you can't see it, you
don't know what it's pointed at, or
                           how long the images are going to be stored."
                           The mostly unregulated recording takes place
with a tacit nod from the U.S.
                           Supreme Court, which has indicated again and
again that people have no
                           reasonable expectation of privacy in public
                           Government agencies across the United States
are installing cameras in as
                           many public areas as possible, but they are
still behind the curve compared
                           with European cities, Ramos said.
                           In Los Angeles, surveillance devices
increasingly are used by government
                           to patrol public places. Several recently
installed cameras along Hollywood
                           Boulevard scan stretches popular with
tourists and criminals alike.
                           And, buoyed by the success of a surveillance
program at crime-plagued
                           MacArthur Park west of downtown, the LAPD
recently unveiled a camera
                           system capable of scanning thousands of
license plates per hour and
                           employing controversial facial-recognition
software to pinpoint known
                           criminals.
                           Once clunky and obtrusive, some surveillance
devices are now so small
                           they're nearly undetectable. And the days of
scratchy, black-and-white
                           images recorded on videotape are long gone.
Advances in technology
                           mean crystal-clear digital pictures that can
be reviewed in real time -- as
                           they occur.
                           "These are beautiful tools," said Ramos,
whose company sells 20 to 30
                           surveillance systems each month. "It's the
ability to be anywhere in the
                           world and see what's going on, and also
review what happened yesterday,
                           or last week, or last month."
                           Although the cameras raise the hackles of
privacy advocates, most people
                           don't mind being recorded everywhere they go,
said A. Michael Noll, a
                           communications professor at the University of
Southern California.
                           Graduate students polled about privacy issues
routinely rank surveillance
                           cameras nearly at the bottom of a long list
of concerns, he said.
                           "Most people just don't care about being on
camera," Noll said. "In Los
                           Angeles, they probably enjoy it. They
probably see it as a screen test."
                           Northridge resident Rochelle Matthews sees it
as an invasion of privacy.
                           The 37-year-old insurance agent said she
doesn't like being under constant
                           scrutiny.
                           "What are they looking for? I don't think
everything needs to be patrolled.
                           People need and deserve privacy."
                           Chatsworth resident Leanne Vince said she
doesn't mind being recorded
                           when she ventures out in public. Only
criminals need to worry about being
                           under surveillance, the 35-year-old music
company executive said.
                           "It doesn't bother me at all because I'm not
doing anything wrong," she
                           said. "If I'm at the grocery store and
they're following me, so what? It's
                           technology. You take the good with the bad."
                           But Weinstein cautioned that constant
surveillance can cause the shadow
                           of suspicion to fall on the innocent when
innocuous activities are
                           misinterpreted.
                           "A lot of people don't care, but they haven't
thought about it," he said.
                           "The dark side of this stuff isn't
                           The benefits of surveillance cameras, such as
capturing Oklahoma City
                           bomber Timothy McVeigh on film just before he
picked up the rental truck
                           used in the bombing, far outweigh the privacy
concerns, Noll said.
                           And the concerns of those "screaming about
Big Brother" may be
                           overblown, Noll said.
                           "If someone were tracking me down the street,
I might care," he said. "But
                           there aren't enough people at the other end
to be watching all this
                           surveillance."
                           Armed with that knowledge, experts are now
developing software that
                           alerts authorities when certain types of
behavior are detected.
                           Weinstein cautioned that the practice of
recording people in nearly every
                           public place could escalate out of control.
                           "It's always a balancing act," he said. "It's
not to say you have a total
                           expectation of privacy in public places, but
there shouldn't be none.
                           "Unless we want to live in a pervasive
surveillance society where all of
                           your moves are tracked and recorded, we'd
better start putting rules in
                           place."

@_date: 2005-02-06 06:52:48
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: Auto-HERF: Car Chase Tech That's Really Hot 
leaves the
Also amusing will be the congealed lenses of bystanders,
dead pacemaker wearers, fried business computers,
in addition to the accidents caused by other disabled cars.
But the cops will get their man, and the rest is collateral damage, put
it on the perp's ticket.
Besides, the ECU is shielded pretty well by the car metal and the unit
itself is shielded from the electrical ignition noise.  But someone
needs to explain that to this "executive" who fancies himself
an inventor and can't wait to suckle Caesar's teat, selling "cyber
terrorist" gizmos to
the man.
Personally I only use the magnetron & horn (concealed in my rooftop
fiberglass luggage holder) on
inconsiderate cell-phone-using drivers.   Better than jamming, because
they get to kiss their
RF front end goodbye, permenantly.  So it helps everyone for several
days, *and* sells
new handsets, helping the economy.   Works on pig radios too.
Also works on the thumpa-thumpa drivers, and when I turn the power up I
find that
Chihauha's skulls are not meant to take internal pressure; a steam
explosion is
pretty messy, and fuzzy dice don't really clean the insides of
windshields terribly well.

@_date: 2005-02-10 06:55:38
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: What is a cypherpunk? 
A cypherpunk is one who is amused at the phrase "illicit
Iraqi passports".  Given that the government of .iq has been
replaced by a conquerer's puppet goverment, who exactly has authority
to issue passports there?  And why does this belief about the
1-to-1-ness of passports to meat puppets or other identities fnord
A CP is not an anarchist; and anarchists are ill defined by current
authors, since the word merely means no head, rather than no rules,
as Herr May frequently reminded.
(In fact, the rules would de facto be set by the local gangster, rather
a DC based gang claiming to be the head.  A better form is libertarian
archy, but that is perhaps another thread.)
A CP, removing arguable claims about political idealogy,
is one who understands the potential effects of certain
techs on societies, for good or bad.  And is not, like
a good sci fi writer, afraid to consider the consequences.
And, ideally, a CP is one who can write code, and does so,
code that might be useful for free sentients, not even
necessarily free (in the beer sense) code.  (Albeit 'tis hard to
write useful code in the uninspectable sense of not-free,
and inspectability facilitates beer-free copying )
But this is an ideal, and perhaps three meanings of "free" in
one rant is too many for most readers.

@_date: 2005-02-10 06:42:27
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: What is a cypherpunk? 
Who gives a fuck?  RMS was fermenting in his own philosophical stew, to
it politely.  The shame is that BSD didn't explode like L*nux did, and
all that work had to be re-done, and with a nasty ATT flavor to boot
(no pun intended).

@_date: 2005-03-27 20:54:01
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: WiFi Launcher? 
Your barber can spread more of your DNA.
Your female can help you *copy* your DNA, but only about half of it,
and you don't get to chose which half.
Why not sketch a script that can?  That's not hard work, and contributes
more than the idea itself (which is a good idea BTW).
Can't be any authentication for obvious reasons.
with a
If its an open-source tool, who gives a rodent's arse if a TLA wrote it?
After all, you can never be sure that a TLA *hasn't* written (or
to anything.
"Think critical"  --Agrammatical Marketoids

@_date: 2005-03-05 14:51:24
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 broken? 
FPGAs scale with tech the same as CPUs, however CPUs contain a lot
more design info (complexity).  But FPGAs since '98 have gotten
denser (Moore's observation), pioneering Cu wiring, smaller features,

@_date: 2005-03-27 20:43:14
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Re: AP For Starvation Judge 
It would be interesting socially if the vegetable in question had fried
her brain with her choice of unlicensed
pharmaceuticals, instead of her choice of self-starvation (leading to
cardiac failure, leading to
joining the vegetable kingdom).  Would Jeb be trying to adopt a
coke-stroke negro?
It would also be interesting if those who want to keep her metabolizing
had to pay for it, or do
it themselves, instead of requiring the taxpayers to absorb the cost.
Which is the real
libertarian question, once you realize no one is coercing anyone, since
the vegetable is
less sentient than the cows we eat or chimps we experiment upon.
Instead, the xians show their hand, that it is not the soul
(consciousness) they care about,
and the quality of its experience, just heartbeats.  Someone should show
them a chick's heart
beating in a petri dish.  But of course they are not deterred by
reality.  Perhaps they are
afraid that their own emptiness will be exposed if life be judged by
more than the ability to
It would be very cool karma if the Pope were to be vegetative but
indefinately prolongable
(thanks of course to the fruits of the scientific method which is the
antiPope).  One imagines
this will eventually happen.  Or are there rules to replace a useless
Pope?  Does Alexander Haig
get to be interim Pope?
In lieu of less messy and hard to arrange (thanks to fascism) processes
(eg, an overdose),
those piloting their own ships end up sucking the barrel of a .45, or
whatever caliber is convenient.  Rarely do we try to
improve the world in the process, by taking deserving others with us,
probably out of overwhelming
self-obsession at such times.  (Though the fellow who drove a tanker
into the Capitol in Sacramento comes to mind.)
At least we don't try to stop trains with our bodies (we would sit in
our SUVs on the tracks anyway),
and rarely jump off overpasses into traffic, which inconveniences many,
compared to the ballistic route.
"Get your laws off my body"

@_date: 2005-04-01 03:45:37
@_author: "Major Variola (ret 
@_subject: Your epapers, please? 
So the market for faraday-cages for your passport will grow to
equilibrium.  A cage will cost less than a buck in parts, easily
affordable by the clueful.  The damage to the clueless will
quickly be the best advertising for the product.  Since we
have been wearing conductive mesh burkhas for some time,
the only inconvenience will be for the terahertz voyeurs
employed by the TSA.
