
@_date: 2009-09-18 11:37:37
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Re: "I Write Mass Surveillance Software" 
[Grobbage - French - for "a plot of cleared land" the only web use of the word is here:
reference to term's description here:
 Its equivalent to the English term "grubbed out".
Perhaps his name is the English surname "Grubb".
This "Grobbage's" activity is stated to be UK (Britain) only.
If (s)he's a fake then look for an attention seeker....
Search (webcrawler.com) - Grubb UK - gives Ben Grubb (.co.uk) 3rd in list.
Search (yahoo.co.uk - UK only hits) - Ben Grubb - Wow.. Hey.. he's an attention seeker all right!
... so rite or w wrong?
(RE-)Build your (new) machine off line - then take a snap shot. Get it working on line then take another snapshot. If you fear you've been trojaned in future then destroy - install snapshot and you're back in Always use official off-line updates.
I don't bother with this - I've got wifi connected spyhardware already on my PC motherboard (think about it - its just a kernal tweak), so there's no point in protecting from trojans or keyloggers.

@_date: 2010-11-16 13:07:05
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin And The Electronic Frontier Foundation 
A few months ago I saw this as well using a dual core 2.666, but I found a little trick which increases the coin production. Just re-boot every 2-3 days, then you usually get a flush of coins.
At the time I considered getting an i7, just out, which has on chip hardwired encryption circuits. Its lightning fast on generating the hashes and even half a dozen of these were generating bitcoins then anyone with lesser technology doesn't stand a chance.
It sounds to me like these are now being used. Time to upgrade. It would be interesting if anyone had experience of using the i7.
On the question of cost. If you have a machine which already has to run 24/7 (say a Tor node) then the extra cost of max CPU usage is about $5-15/mo. (My dual core costs about $15/mo without bitcoin)
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2011-06-16 17:51:57
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] US Senators Seek to Crackdown on Bitcoin 
Yea..sh, but if its a CIA black op then gov officials will be playing stupid. "Duhh.. hey Joe, we know noytin .."
Steady on Eugen, this is a family forum.
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2011-06-16 12:14:04
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] US Senators Seek to Crackdown on Bitcoin 
This is very true and is something which differentiates BitCoin from a ponzi scheme. The ponzi scheme is ALWAYS based on nothing right to its bitter end.
But BC does have INTRINSIC value, because it...
1. has only a known/set limited availability
2. is provably unforgeable
these are the qualities desirable in ANY value based exchange token (barter), whether it be gold bullion, chickens or sheep. This is why England used the "tally stick", for a long time, when England had no Gold etc, it generated a barter system based it.
So BC is also a barter substitute (or currency), that is this all the same, its just a token between.
At the end of the day, it matters not a single jot what its current comparative value is, as long a people are trading it. For day to day transactions, it is ALL that is needed. But for horders, banksters and other similar blood sucking manipulators, they cannot predict its value in the long term, and this they hate, as there is no "promise to pay the bearer" anything. So they will slander it. As more people trade in it, then the more stable it becomes, as people get frightened a government will collapse (not just outlaw) it, then its use will fall and so too will its price.
I have had my own reservations about BitCoin, that is, that its designers did not anonymize BitCoins rendezvous and had non-anonymously centralized itself so it could be attacked by a hostile government, like it is being attacked now by the US.
I think it is highly likely that the drug supplier "Silk Road" is a protected CIA black op. to attack BC and to destroy it. This was an obvious draw-back right from the start and was the reason I stopped generating BC's a long while back. Governments and other evil people do not play fairly, so never assume they will. The designers of BC did assume just that, and that was there error. To design adn test it was one thing but the implementation had to be completely anonymous.
What needs to be done is that a NewBitCoin (NBC) system needs to be started up behind hidden services and for them to offer a swap with the existing BC. Perhaps there should even be "official" completely anonymous NBC consortium with several NBC servers each doing multiple NBC i.e. NBC1, NBC2, NBC3 etc (all interchangeable currencies - at least at the start), so as to be locationally robust.
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-10-20 15:54:53
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Is this a practical vulnerability? 
Sorry, but I don't see any questions in your original remark, so I don't see how you you expected to get information from it.
I quote..
Welcome to the internet. Have an open web server, and it will get
accessed by scum that tries known vulnerabilities: /memberlist.php,
I expect most people would read your "remark" as talking down to someone.. more of a game of one-up-man-ship and given the tone of your most recent reply probably done to discredit my experience. Poo is a real stinker.
Yes it had been running about 6months without any specific software firewalling but with logging on both the soft firewall and the webserver, during that time, when I was developing a web forum in php. Also the whole system was behind a hardwared (router firmware) firewall, which should not have let it in anyway and thats why I logged very little (if any) internal traffic beforehand. To come home to see dozens of requests from my soft firewall for access to various O/S components and a log of gained access was a shock. This fact worried me for a long while as I immediately re-loaded my router's firmware and all its setting & passwords, but still they got in. Some while later I read of a vulnerability with the routers firmware (no details given, just that it could be hacked from outside) and I upgraded it. Interestingly the web server had been running, logging and all for about a year before this, as it came with the O/S. Not a single EXTERNAL request was ever passed to it in all that time until I started dev. with it.
Don't you use router firmware firewalls? So you wouldn't see this kind of traffic?
I thought the times when nerds spent days looking through router logs fuming at the drones that attpemt to access your system were long gone, no? Sounds like you are living in the past.
My current router doesn't even have a log on it!
Where all logs end up, on the end, in the bin!
Good, because I was only telling someone of my experience just so they could keep safe.
Here's the sequence of event...
Have web server 2 years. no attacks.
Make hidden service
Within 12 hours of going live have seriously large number of attacks
Switch off hidden service and attacks stop a few days later
And somehow they got through a router firewall and a soft firewall !
And then they were looking for "a web-server" 3 / 4 type of web server were searched for.
Thats drupal.org
Oh! why am I NOT surprised....
Yeah you could be right I edited it out when I mailed my expert.
This "Hey prove it" nonsense could go on forever.. and I don't have the Take it of leave it.
  I wouldn't run a Tor hidden service, given the hassle and given the risk, unless I was having problems getting passed my ISP. It makes me laugh to see all these prognostications on sophisticated attacks when the USA can see it all, transparent, as I explained.
Of course, there will be those who spend their time, perhaps paid for by US gov, making asses out of internet users, thats called co-intel  (pros).
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-10-20 10:56:40
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Is this a practical vulnerability? 
Not if you want to tap -
  and insert realtime recognizable timing sequence delays into a packet and/or block traffic.
And besides, I've seen it done and talked to those who set the servers up to do this..
You need to also remember, that to do a "Man In The Middle" attack you need to be in-line not just a tap.
Well of course not, and I never said it did. I was talking about all the internet traffic. To view a single instance of the Tor network traffic you would just need to filter out the client ip's tor traffic, then its network nodes along any single route. And if you insert special timing sequences in the packets from the clients you can identify these along route and at the exit.
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-10-20 10:46:18
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Is this a practical vulnerability? 
Your guess is as good as mine.
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-10-20 10:44:09
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Is this a practical vulnerability? 
If it was compromised then why would they have hacked the web server in that manner and with such inaccuracy?
Well, as I said, I tested the web pages for leakage. There was none.
Perhaps they though I'd have no firewall and no logs.
Yes there are scanners, these were already blocked, but the web server only went on-line the day the hidden service went in and it went off-line 48 hrs later.
I never saw another such attack, neither before or after that. The attacks stopped just a few days after I shut the service down.
When you consider that Tor hidden services could be used for all manner of mil/intel purposes by any country with an internet connection and a pc, then it begins to make sense.  Its not JUST snooping on Joe public.
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-10-20 10:29:57
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Is this a practical vulnerability? 
I had been creating/running corporate web sites since the mid 1990's, I hardly think that qualified me as a newbie. Not sure what was the purpose of this remark was.
The web server itself was supposed to be fire walled from the open web (with only Tor access) but a "hole" bug in the firewall's code meant that a "stop access" mode only caused "logging" mode to be initially turned on.
Well with you being such an "experienced" and "savvy" web person I am sure you will know that there's are things called  software "firewalls" out there which give indications of "attacks" and fully log unusual traffic. The one I used included a real-time "allow"/"block" traffic mode with live log and I used that to track and block / delay some accesses. Again I am perplexed, bearing i mind your huge experience that you should even ask this question.
Of course, once again your vast experience will lead you to the conclusion that once alerted to the attacks I used other tools (such as my web server log & a packet sniffer) to see the details of the traffic.
There were many attacks which I am sure you can research on the net yourself. They were mainly aimed at accessing parts of the server such as files and various rpc O/S components.
They did focus on trying to identify what web server I was using, I believe there were about 4 or 5 different
Of course my web server did log the traffic that did get through, these logs are now gone but here's a section from one which I queried someone as to what it was..
I was told the above were attempts to gain access to a web servers management system.
The attacks all fell on stoney ground because none actually guessed the web server I was using before I closed the loophole.
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-10-19 10:25:34
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Is this a practical vulnerability? 
My experience is that there s already an easy method of identifying Tor hidden service nodes and this takes little time to do.
Let me explain why I come to that opinion.
Having  a static IP net connection, I set up a test web site as a Tor service on a Tor middleman server. That server had been a middleman server for about a year, no problems, no attempts to hack it in all that Within 24hrs of making that Tor hidden service live I could see, in my firewall logs, hundreds of repeated attempts trying to hack my server, directly from the internet, not via my hidden Tot service. All were attempting to access various types of services/permissions which were mainly focused on attempting to gain control of a "web page server". All attacks were from US based places of higher education (colleges and universities), most from establishments where Tor servers were situated but not from Tor servers themselves.
Now bearing in mind that I had only EVER requested 1 web page (a blank test page - requested about 4 times) from my own Torrified web browser (out and back so to speak), and no OTHER (external) page requests were EVER received via the Tor hidden service, as shown by its log. Then someone must have been able to immediately see the service enter and track its source, who then attempted to hack the web server itself and it appeared to be a group of about 3 or 4 persons, each trying different attack strategy over a 12 hour period. Hundreds of commands were sent, many in quick succession as if they were in some sort of script file, but some were live, at one point I even watched them live as they were coming in as I countered their hack attempts.
As a result of this I did some serious thinking about Tor and came to the conclusion that someone out there and I believe it is THE global adversary (USA mil/sec) is able see with perfect transparency all Tor Most Tor users see the Tor connections as merely a set of 3 or 4 connected nodes over which their traffic is routed, e.g. Tor1 - US, Tor 2 - Germany, Tor 3 France - EXIT. But in reality then internet is not like that, this is only the UPPER structure level. At the lower level the packets are routed over many dozens of sub-nodes, these nodes are invisible to the Tor map of your traffic. You can find out this info yourself if you wish to test out a single ROUTE to another IP address just by doing a traceroute url (tracert url for windows) command from a command line prompt window.  As you will see this is about a dozen hops to the average local url. But this is not the end of the problem, as some hops are hidden and they report only a virtual hop back to you.
e.g. lets say a node is in a server in an IBM/US telecoms company based in France, then that server will almost certainly be routing ALL its traffic through the USA and back to itself (or another node in the same company) before sending it on to the next external node. This diversion is NEVER reported as ONLY a single "virtual node ip" is quoted. The only way you can ever tell its been done is by looking at the time delay, however this is also often difficult/impossible to spot because these routes are often the fastest on the internet. OK - I know this goes on for certain because there are internal tools used within these companies to trace the TRUE route and I have seen such servers send their traffic in this manner 24/7 - 365. Having discussed this as "wasted effort" with a network engineer I was told there is a "payment" made somewhere to compensate. At the same time all of this is camouflaged in apparently nice and legitimate reasons for it being that way, but when you pull it apart you see the lie, but you can't PROVE it.
As about 70% of Europe's internet traffic passes through an IBM/US telco's servers then it almost certain that in any one of these Tor node to Tor node connections there is at least one sub-nodes that passes the traffic through the USA, who is the global adversary using Total Traffic Timing Tracking.
You should be able to work the rest out for yourself.
tor-talk mailing list
