
@_date: 2002-06-03 14:27:54
@_author: Pplus 
@_subject: Time to Stop the MLM Insanity 
You are
receiving this letter because you have expressed an interest in receiving
information about online business opportunities. If this is erroneous then
please accept my most sincere apology. This is a one-time mailing, so no
removal is necessary. you've been burned, betrayed, and back-stabbed by multi-level marketing, MLM,
then please read this letter. It could be the most important one that has ever
landed in your Inbox. MARKETING IS A HUGE MISTAKE FOR MOST PEOPLE MLM has
failed to deliver on its promises for the past 50 years. The pursuit of the
"MLM Dream" has cost hundreds of thousands of people their friends,
their fortunes and their sacred honor. The fact is that MLM is fatally flawed,
meaning that it CANNOT work for most people. companies and the few who earn the big money in MLM are NOT going to tell you
the real story. FINALLY, there is someone who has the courage to cut through
the hype and lies and tell the TRUTH about MLM. GOOD NEWS IS an alternative to MLM that WORKS, and works BIG! If you haven't yet
abandoned your dreams, then you need to see this. Earning the kind of income
you've dreamed about is easier than you think! your permission, I'd like to send you a brief letter that will tell you WHY MLM
doesn't work for most people and will then introduce you to something so new
and refreshing that you'll wonder why you haven't heard of this before. promise that there will be NO unwanted follow up, NO sales pitch, no one will
call you, and your email address will only be used to send you the information.
Period. receive this free, life-changing information, just CLICK HERE then hit the
send button.   I'll get the information
to you within 24 hours. Just look for the words MLM WALL OF SHAME in your
Inbox. Someone recently sent the letter to me and it has been the most eye-opening,
financially beneficial information I have ever received. I honestly believe
that you will feel the same way once you've read it. And it's FREE!
