
@_date: 2002-04-15 16:08:26
@_author: Ndubuisi oluisaemeka 
@_subject: URGENT REPLY AND CONFITENDIAL 
RE LOGING OF FUNDS                       I am Chief Ndubuisi Olisaemeka a top of official of the Central Bank of Nigeria [CBN].Sometimes in January the 27th to be precise,there were some explosions the rocked Lagos,at the Ikeja Military Cantonment.
The explosions were triggered off to cover up for the money disbursed for the upgrading of the armoury which was not done,about $25 million US Dollars [25,000,000 USD]  was disbursed for this ,and this amount is what we intent to send to an overseas account for safe-keeping.
What is required of you is to send down your :-   Bank Particulars
Private Phones Numbers
Private Fax Numbers
It is important to note that because  of the people involve it is necessary  to maintain a high level of confidentiality, it is important to know that the Commandant of the Cantonment,the Minister of Defence,the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and the former Inspector General of Police who was removed from office because of this issue are all involved.
The new Inspector General of Police has vowed to follow up the investigation to a logical conclusion,for this reason the earlier the money is tranfered the better ,Your reponse will go a long way in determining if the money could be transfered within 14 working days,five percent [5%] of the money has been  earmarked  as reward.
Hoping to hear from you soon  and God bless.
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Tax Center - online filing with TurboTax
                                          RE LOGING OF FUNDS                       I am Chief Ndubuisi Olisaemeka a top of official of the Central Bank of Nigeria [CBN].Sometimes in January the 27th to be precise,there were some explosions the rocked Lagos,at the Ikeja Military Cantonment.
The explosions were triggered off to cover up for the money disbursed for the upgrading of the armoury which was not done,about $25 million US Dollars [25,000,000 USD]  was disbursed for this ,and this amount is what we intent to send to an overseas account for safe-keeping.
What is required of you is to send down your :-   
Bank Particulars
Private Phones Numbers
Private Fax Numbers
It is important to note that because  of the people involve it is necessary  to maintain a high level of confidentiality, it is important to know that the Commandant of the Cantonment,the Minister of Defence,the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and the former Inspector General of Police who was removed from office because of this issue are all involved.
The new Inspector General of Police has vowed to follow up the investigation to a logical conclusion,for this reason the earlier the money is tranfered the better ,Your reponse will go a long way in determining if the money could be transfered within 14 working days,five percent [5%] of the money has been  earmarked  as reward.
Hoping to hear from you soon  and God bless.
              Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Tax Center - online filing with TurboTax
