
@_date: 2001-12-26 23:27:43
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Re: CFP: PKI research workshop 
To be fair, Verisign *is* a PKI. It's not the one a lot of us
want, but it is in wide usage.
I used to be puzzled by this. Then a couple of years ago I went
through the process of getting a client-side certificate to access my
student records at MIT. MIT is the only place I've ever seen to
require client-side certs for authentication, bless 'em.
It took me 30 minutes to establish a client side certificate, just so
I could view a web page with my own data on it. *thirty minutes*. And
I know a lot about cryptography. How would someone who'd never heard
of a public key do? This was on Netscape 4.0 on Linux. Maybe MSIE
things have improved since then, but I doubt it. (Anyone know?)
It's very important to look at this truth and think about why. Part of
it is usability: Netscape could have made it easier for me. But a lot
of it is design. PKI is complicated: chains of authority are
complicated to understand, security technology is awkward for naive
users to use properly, and trying to do anything with revocation or
real time properties is a nightmare. The thing that makes me the most sad is that the PKI situation only
seems to be getting worse, not better. Now it looks like it's going to
be Passport that cracks the nut of client authentication, not PKI. And
the spoils go to the victor. Three years from now when you're paying a
monopolist a monthly fee for the priviledge of verifying your
identity, think hard about why.
                                                     nelson
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2002-08-10 15:37:43
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Re: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
Wow, this conversation has been fun. Thanks, Anonymous Aarg, for
taking up the unpopular side of the debate. I'll spare any question
about motives.
I think most of us would agree that having a trusted computing
environment makes some interesting things possible. Smartcards,
afterall, are more or less the same idea as Palladium, just on a
smaller scale. You're right to point out they could make things like a
trusted Gnutella client possible, or do SETI style distributed
computing in a secure manner, or...
But the context of Palladium is larger than what a few smart P2P folks
could do. Palladium is a technology proposed by a convicted predatory
monopolist. It is a technology that gives that monopolist even more
control over the uses of its technology. And it just so happens to be
exactly in line with the needs of the entertainment industry which has
spent the past few years doing their best to squelch creative uses of
the Internet so they can jealously protect their copyright hegemony.
We'd be crazy not to be a little concerned.
Let's turn the debate to a slightly more interesting place. Is there a
way to create a trusted computing environment such as Palladium that
does not also enable the restrictionof liberties? The "optional"
aspect of Palladium isn't enough - the folks who own the media will
ensure that it can only be played if your computer is in trusted mode.
                                                     nelson
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2002-10-22 18:17:51
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Re: Palladium -- trivially weak in hw but "secure in software"?? (Re: palladium presentation - anyon 
Adam Back says:
So maybe the Palladium folks really mean it when they say the purpose
of Palladium is not to enable DRM?
I doubt it, though. Even a paper-thin shred of hardware protection is
enough to prevent 99% of the people from circumventing DRM technology.
Joe Sixpack isn't going to install a mod chip, and his local computer
store can't do it for him for fear of prosecution for circumventing
copyright protection. If the appliance enforces DRM when you buy it,
that's good enough to guarantee revenue to the copyright holders. In
the US, at least.
