
@_date: 2001-11-28 03:37:27
@_author: 8 million 
@_subject: --->>News Released......................................... Time:3:37:27 AM 
-- UniPrime Capital Acceptance, Inc.  
        UPRC DD!
        1. Small number of issued shares (8 million)
        2. Even smaller # of outstanding shares 
        3. Small float makes the share price of UPRC move on very low volume
        4. Much of the issued shares tightly held by company insiders
        5. Exclusive new technology and High demand products
        6. Definitive Agreement signed and closing Dec 15, 2001
        Share Price $0.10 
        (Click Here for Current Quote)
                News            
Com ($0.001)(New)
        Capital Acceptance Corp. Signs Definitive Stock Acquisition Agreement
        with Sec2Wireless Inc.
Nov 27 2001 11:46AM ET
        CAPITAL ACCEPTANCE INC - Secure2wireless Inc. Announces Progress in
        Security Deals - With Government Facilities
Nov 12 2001 7:13AM ET
        Inc. Announces Progress in Security Deals With Government Facilities
Nov 8 2001 9:29AM ET
        Capital Announces Key Management of ``Secure2wireless''
Nov 6 2001 1:57PM ET
        Capital Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire Secure2wireless Inc.
Nov 6 2001 9:30AM ET
        Announces Significant New Project to be Revealed Next Week; Replaces
        Wind Park Deal
Nov 1 2001 9:00AM ET
              1st  5,000 applicants receive a
              6 month FREE trial subscription to our Newsletter
              Here Now-
If you wish to unsubscribe your
              email address removed from this list, as well as the mailing lists
              of thousands of other bulk email providers, please visit               Thank you. Client I.D. # 11922 Note:  Regular
              Subscription and Renewals price is $2,400 per annum.
              DO NOT just REPLY to this email or your address will
              NOT be removed! Email replies will be automatically added to the
              remove database and may  Email replies will be automatically
              added to the remove database and may  take up to 36 hours to
              process!!! This message is controlled by the 2.Removedyou.com
              system. 
Certain statements
      contained in this news release may be forward-looking statements within
      the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
      statements may be identified by such terms as "expect",
      "believe", "may", "will", and
      "intend" or similar terms. We are NOT a registered investment
      advisor or a broker dealer This is NOT an offer to buy or sell securities.
      No recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be
      purchased, sold or held by individuals or entities that learns of the
      profiled companies. This is an independent electronic publication that was
      paid $2,000 in cash by a third party for the electronic dissemination of
      this company information. This is not a company sponsored dissemination. 
      Be advised that investments in companies profiled are considered to be
      high-risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes
      only. If anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to
      invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered
      financial broker, if any party decides to participate as an investor then
      it will be that investor's sole risk. Be advised that the purchase of such
      high-risk securities may result in the loss of some or all of the
      investment. The company that is profiled provide no information and makes
      no representations. The profiled company makes no warranties or guarantees
      as to the accuracy or the completeness of the disclosure. Investors should
      not rely solely on the information presented. Rather, investors should use
      the information provided by the profiled companies as a starting point for
      doing additional independent research on the profiled companies in order
      to allow the investor to form his or her own opinion regarding investing
      in the profiled companies. Factual statements made by the profiled
      companies are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without
      notice. The receipt of this information shall not create, under any
      circumstances, any implication that there has been no change in the
      affairs of the company profiled since the date of review. Investing in
      micro-cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high
      degree of risk. It is possible that an investor's entire investment may be
      lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled.
      All information provided by the profiled companies may include information
      provided by outside sources, such as research reports, public filings or
      computer databases and information obtained from public information
      available on the company.
