
@_date: 2004-01-23 12:23:47
@_author: NewArticlesUp@TopKayaker.Net 
@_subject: New Articles Up! 
New   Articles Up! at TopKayaker.Net / Sit-on-topKayaking.com
(If you did not request this, PLEASE use this quick   removal link: You are currently subscribed to topkayakernews as: cypherpunks   - To unsubscribe click on this link: - Please   Remove Me )
WINTER - January - February 2004:
  Happy new year to you all! You will notice that the title of our news letter   has been changed to TopKayakerNews and comes from a new e-mail address. Nothing   else has changed.
Your Local Kayak   Events Are Welcome!:
  Our 2004   Calendar is up! Send us your dates for Demo Days, Races, Lessons, Shows   and any event that includes SOT kayaks. Anyone is welcome to submit, shops,   clubs, schools etc. Send date, type of event, where, and contact info. Send   via e-mail. Make   sure we have your event in time!
Speaking of Calendar   Events, Tom will be speaking in Connecticut about Cold Water Safety and   what to wear for cold water paddling at: The Small Boat Shop's Annual Expo   February 28-29. Details on our Calendar.
Your Kayak   Reviews Welcome: Share your perspective of kayaks you have paddled with   others who want to know. Other gear reviews on paddles, PFDs and assorted accessories   welcome.
Our Kayak   Classified Ads: A little slow but new ads have been placed in Texas,   Ohio, California and Louisiana. We welcome individuals who have a kayak to sell   or who are seeking a used boat.
As usual, The   Forum is happening! Thanks to all of you who participate.
Looking for a kayak   accessory that is hard to find? Ask   Tom, he will help you track it down. We hope you will visit the Sit-On-Top   Shop for all your SOT kayak gear needs. We are adding new products all   the time, so drop in and check it out. It has been a cold   winter for most of us this year and many of you may be thinking of going somewhere   warm and doing some kayaking there. We have three articles in our archives from   folks who have done just that. Whether you plan to escape in person or just   in spirit you will find these stories enjoyable and informative. Slap on some   sun screen and click on through...
You can also   rediscover any of the many varied articles in our Articles   Section:
The   Best Kayaking Spots in Hawaii, by Tom Holtey
  Detailed information on six islands, ten trips (six day trips & four overnighters).   What to bring and expect, safety tips. Outfitter contacts. Camping and permit   info and other resources.
Thailand's   Sea Canoe Experience,   by TripTalk.com's Andrew Sigal
  A wonderful travelogue of paddling the lime stone islands and sea caves of Phuket.   Andrew offers Outfitter contacts and tips on hiring your own sea canoe experience.   Includes links to his more recent trips.
Bahamian   Adventure, by Darren Caffery
  Darren tells his story of high seas adventure in the Bahamas. Informative links   provided to help you plan your escape.
Have a fun winter   season on the water or on the snow!
  Tom & Athena Holtey
  TopKayaker.Net You are currently subscribed to topkayakernews as: cypherpunks   To unsubscribe click on this link: - Please   Remove Me
