
@_date: 2001-09-14 01:51:25
@_author: newtoplevelextensions@hotmail.com 
@_subject: RE: update your email address 
Dear Internet User,
The Dot Com era may be over, but an exciting new era on the Internet is about to begin. On October 01, 2001 a new top-level domain name extension called Dot Biz will be officially launched. As a member of the Internet community, you must pre-register your Dot Biz domain name as soon as possible to avoid disappointment as there will be tremendous rush from the general public once this new extension is reported in the mainstream media.
We have now begun accepting pre-registrations for the .BIZ and other upcoming new domain extensions. This means that you can now pre-register for an attractive new domain name of your choice and significantly increase your chances of securing your domain name. If you missed out on .COM, here is your chance with .BIZ. If you do not act as soon as possible, you may unfortunately miss out on the biggest cyberspace land grab in the history of the Internet. The time to act is now. Visit:  to enter your domain names for pre-registration.
Over 600,000 names have already been pre-registered in our servers by savvy consumers; however, this is just a small inkling of the expected demand on launch day...over 3 million domain names are expected to be registered immediately after the official launch. According to a July 02, 2001 ZDNET news article, industry analysts estimate that "15 million dot-biz names will be registered by 2005," thus making Dot Biz even more popular than Dot Com. An exciting new era is about to unfold on the Internet. Go to  to pre-register now.
We strongly oppose the use of SPAM email and do not want anyone who does notwish to receive our mailings to receive them. As a result, we have retained the services of an independent 3rd party to administer our list management and remove list( This is not SPAM. If you do not wish to receive further mailings, please click below and enter your email at the bottom of the page. You may then rest-assured that you will never receive another email from us again.   The 21st Century Solution. I.D. # 032950
