
@_date: 2004-08-29 17:21:38
@_author: "ngoma kamara" 
@_subject: URGENT 
Dear Sir. I am ngoma kamara the director in-charge of auditing and accounting section of commercial bank Ghana in West Africa with due respect and regard. Ihave decided to contact you on a business transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us at the end of the transaction. During our investigation and auditing in this bank, my department came across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person who died on November 1997 in a plane crash and the fund has been dormant in his account with this bank without any claim of the fund in our custody either from his family or relation before our discovery to this development. Although personally, I keep this information secret within myself and my partners to enable the whole plans and ideas be profitable and Successful during the time of execution. the said amount was US$ 14M(fourteen million Dollars).United States Meanwhile,all the whole arrangements to put claims over this fund as the bonafide next of kin to the deceased, !
get the required approval and transfer this money to a foreign account has been put in place and directives and needed information will be relayed to you as soon as you indicate your interest and willingness to assist us and also benefit yourself to this great business opportunity. Infact I could havedone this deal alone but because of my position in this country as a civil servant,we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of transfer because I work in this bank.this is the actual reason why it will require a second party or fellow who will forward claims as the next of kin with affidavit of trust and oath to the bank and also present a foreignaccount where he will need the money to be re-transfered into on his request as it may be after due verification and clarification by the correspondent branch of the bank where the whole money will be remitted from to your own designated bankaccount. I will not fai!
l to inform you that this transaction i
s 100% risk free. On smooth conclusion of this transaction,you will be entitled to 30% of thetotal sum as gratification, while 10% will be set aside to take care of the expenses that may arise during the time of transfer and also telephone bills,while 60%will be for me and my partners.Please,you have been advised to keep top secret as we are still in serviceand intend to retire from service after we conclude this deal with you. I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you confirm the money in your account and ask us to come down to your country for subsequent sharing of the fund to percentages previosly indicated and furtherinvestment,either in your country or any country youadvice us to invest in. All other necessary information will be sent to you when I hear from you.I suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish in this deal. Yours faithfully, ngoma kamara.
