
@_date: 2004-06-03 13:28:17
@_author: Jena Horchler 
@_subject: Don't Miss The Ride On TCPD.OB,Thursday rmbnlo 
manipulate polio
  Great Announcement from TCPD, Strong Buy Thursday!
Read the news below - We believe this exciting news in
addition to the big PR campaign in the next 5 days will
make TCPD move up and up and up also a fax campaign is
starting Friday evening so get it first thing Thursday
when the market opens.
             Expect Huge Coverage
TCPD will be profiled from over 26 newsletters
___________TCPD is our new profile_______________
+>+>+> Company Profile
Telecommunication Products, Inc.
Symbol: BB: TCPD
Current Price: $0.035
Detailed Information:
The price could go to $0.16 - 0.20 in the next 3-5 days
The price could go to $0.21 - 0.25 in the next 10  days
Read the exciting news below
And do NOT forget that we will cover the stock for over
1 week in this and other newsletters = huge exposure
Telecommunication Products, Inc. ("Telpro") is a provider
of video-on- demand and pay-per-view services to the
hospitality industry. The Company is also currently
marketing high speed Internet access products, including
high end WiFi. Telpro is committed to delivering the next
generation of interactive communication services to
its growing database of clients.
The Farmer's Daughter Hotel is a 65-room boutique hotel
in Los Angeles, CA that completed a multi-million dollar
renovation in 2003. The hotel infuses country styling with
the modern to create an Urban-yet-Country feel. The hotel
provides a laid back, distinctly California feel while
providing today's travelers with digital in room services
and modern amenities at a reasonable price.
      * NEWS RELEASE  * HOLLYWOOD Fla., May 25, 2004 /PRNewswire-FirstCall via
COMTEX/ -- Telecommunication Products, Inc. (TCPD) ("Telpro"),
a provider of Pay per View and Digital Satellite Services
to the hospitality industry, announced today a contract with
the high profile, Los Angeles landmark, Farmer's Daughter
Hotel, in conjunction with its strategic partner B2 Networks.                      GET IT IMMEDIATELY!
+>+>+> DISCLAIMER Information within this email contains "forward looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements
that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, goals,
expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or
future events or performance are not statements of historical fact
and may be "forward looking statements."
Forward looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number
of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events
to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Forward looking
statements in this action may be identified through the use of words
such as: "in our opinion","projects", "foresee", "expects", "estimates,"
"believes," "understands" "will," "part of: "anticipates," or that by
statements indicating certain actions "may," "could," or "might" occur.
All information provided within this email pertaining to investing,
stocks, securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities representative before deciding
to trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the material
within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice.
Please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this
newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent
the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real
meaning of what the news release meant to say. Please read the news
release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it.
In compliance with Section 17(b), we disclose the holding of TCPD shares
prior to the publication of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit
from the liquidation of these shares. Shares may be sold time,
even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company.
Since we own shares, there is an inherent conflict of interest in our
statements and opinions. Readers of this publication are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which are based
on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and
uncertainties, that could cause results to differ materially from those
set forth in the forward- looking statements.
Please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein.
This newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated
with any broker or dealer. All statements made are our express opinion
only and should be treated as such. We may own, buy and sell any securities
mentioned at any time. This report includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These statements may include terms as "expect", "believe", "may",
"will", "move","undervalued" and "intend" or similar terms. This
newsletter was paid $12500 from third party to send this report. PLEASE
DO YOUR OWN DUE DILIGENCE BEFORE INVESTING IN ANY PROFILED COMPANY.
You may lose money from investing in Penny Stocks.
lifework potpourri oughtest plow
sceptic oldy activity evocable
