
@_date: 2011-02-07 22:11:12
@_author: Nick Hilliard 
@_subject: Re: Weekend Gedankenexperiment - The Kill Switch 
I can't help noticing some irony in seeing one nanog thread about working around a supposed government internet kill switch by using wireless transmission kit, and another about the US Navy reputedly trashing connectivity in an entire country by, uh, jamming wireless transmission links.

@_date: 2012-11-25 13:56:10
@_author: Nick Hilliard 
@_subject: Re: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
actually no.  The EU Article 29 Data Protection Working Party issued a
controversial opinion a couple of years ago that IP address data in
combination with an accurate timestamp constituted PII, but that IP
addresses on their own did not.  This opinion has been roundly rejected by
several EU courts; for example see paragraph 12 of emi vs eircom in the
irish high court (

@_date: 2012-12-19 15:12:03
@_author: Nick Hilliard 
@_subject: Re: btw, the itu imploded 
ETNO is very keen on introducing sending-party-pays, and recently brought
out an opinion piece on their intentions to bring this idea forward at the ITU:
The Body of European Regulators for Electronic Communications (i.e. the
representative body of all the EU national comms regulators) came out with
the following statement:
... where they noted among other things:
"ETNO’s proposed end-to-end SPNP approach to data transmission is totally
antagonistic to the decentralised efficient routing approach to data
transmission of the Internet."
It's pretty unusual to get language this strong from a regulatory body.

@_date: 2012-12-14 20:32:02
@_author: Nick Hilliard 
@_subject: Re: btw, the itu imploded 
The ITU didn't implode and that article gives a ridiculously misleading
impression of what happened.  The BBC gives a more balanced viewpoint:
There's some stuff up on some US news channels (ABC, etc), but some of the
larger players (CNN, NY Times + others) haven't actually woken up to the
extent of this tech/political landgrab, and have no recent articles on the
outcome or the political importance of it.
What actually happened is that the ITU ignored their previous promises not
to have a vote on the ITRs.  When a vote was finally called because it was
apparently that there was no general consensus on the articles, 77
countries voted in favour and 33 voted against, causing the treaty to start
the process of becoming legally binding in those countries which voted in
The current positions are here:
Many countries are formally sitting on the fence, including pretty much
every country in Europe which didn't walk out - also enjoy the spat in
declarations  (argentina) and  (UK).
Now that this landgrab has succeeded in large chunks of the world, the
ITU's position has consolidated, although not nearly to the extent that had
originally been envisaged in the draft ITRs.  I don't forsee this debate
dying any time soon.
