
@_date: 2010-07-12 18:04:20
@_author: Nicolas Williams 
@_subject: Re: Intel to also add RNG 
You need an entropy pool anyways.  Adding entropy (from the CPU's RNG,
from hopefully-random event timings, ...) and non-entropy (from a flawed
HW RNG, from sadly-not-random event timings, ...) to the pool results in
having enough entropy (once enough entropy has been added to begin
with).  You'll want multiple entropy sources no matter what, to deal
with HW RNG failures for example.
BTW, SPARC CPUs have shipped with on-board HW RNGs; Intel is hardly

@_date: 2010-10-08 00:04:54
@_author: Nicolas Williams 
@_subject: Re: English 19-year-old jailed for refusal to disclose decryption key 
There is no trick, not really.  If decryption results in plaintext much
shorter than the ciphertext -much shorter than can be explained by the
presence of a MAC- then it'd be fair to assume that you're pulling this
"trick".  The law could easily deal with this.
Plausible deniability with respect to crypto technology used is not
really any different than plausible deniability with respect to
knowledge of actual keys.  Moreover, possession of software that can do
"double encryption" could be considered probable cause that your files
are likely to be encrypted with it.
Repeat after me: cryptography cannot protect citizens from their states.

@_date: 2010-10-08 21:47:49
@_author: Nicolas Williams 
@_subject: Re: Photos of an FBI tracking device found by a suspect 
I covered that, didn't I?
Indeed, but I'm pretty sure the FBI wouldn't lose that question.  If the
surveillance subject said "it's mine now" they could probably arrest
him, and the legal question can get settled later, possibly in a
protracted appeals battle that would likely ultimately favor the FBI

@_date: 2010-10-08 21:13:13
@_author: Nicolas Williams 
@_subject: Re: Photos of an FBI tracking device found by a suspect 
If you left a wallet in someone's car, isn't it still yours?  And isn't
that so even if you left it there on purpose (e.g., to test a person's
character)?  But this is not the same situation, of course, since the
item left behind is an active device.
If your planting of the device violates the target's rights you might
(or might not) lose ownership of the device, along with other penalties.
The FBI is a state actor though, so the rules that apply in this case
are different than in the case of a tracking device planted by a private
investigator, and those might be different than the rules that would
apply if the device's owner is a private actor not even licensed as a
IOW: ask a lawyer.  But I strongly suspect that the answer in this case
is "the FBI still owns the device", and "the question is not moot" (as
it might be if the device had stopped working then fallen off the car
(e.g., after hitting a number of nasty potholes).  I mean, I seriously
doubt that relevant laws would be written as to grant the subject
ownership of devices planted as part of a legal surveillance of them,
and though it's possible that judge-made law would conclude differently,
I doubt that judges would make such law.
