
@_date: 2002-09-17 15:37:46
@_author: Niels Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
Well, I'm tired of this. AARG, or whoever is hiding behind this pseudonym,
is obviously not reading the responses that I send, as he keeps asking
questions I already answered. I'm not going to waste more of my time
responding to this. This is my last post in this thread.
Have Fun!
Niels Ferguson, niels phone: +31 20 463 0977
PGP: 3EC2 3304 9B6E 27D9  72E7 E545 C1E0 5D7E

@_date: 2002-09-17 10:48:52
@_author: Niels Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
Thanks, Peter, for a nice reference. That paper points out that the Pentium
doesn't make it easy to create a virtual machine that is perfectly
transparent, i.e. that the OS inside the VM cannot detect the VM at all. I
don't think that is the current concern, as the OS and secure kernel are
being developed by the same company. I'm sure the secure kernel is
significantly easier to develop if you can make some small changes to the
OS code, but even without this VMware shows that it can be done without any
help of the OS.
Niels Ferguson, niels phone: +31 20 463 0977
PGP: 3EC2 3304 9B6E 27D9  72E7 E545 C1E0 5D7E

@_date: 2002-09-17 01:17:01
@_author: Niels Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
But I am not suggesting to do it purely in software. Read the Intel manuals
for their CPUs. There are loads of CPU features for process separation,
securing the operating system, etc. The hardware is all there!
The 'secure chip' in Pd is only needed for DRM. All other claimed benefits
of Pd can be achieved using existing hardware. To me this is an objectively
verifyable truth. How can that be an extreme position, unless you wish to
call anything that contradicts your marketing speak an extreme position.
How does the virus ever get to the security-critical portion of the OS?
Maybe I have to explain the obvious. On boot you boot first to a secure
kernel, much like the Pd kernel but running on the main CPU. This kernel
then creates a virtual machine to run the existing Windows in, much like
VMware does. The virus is caught inside this virtual machine. All you need
to do is make sure the virtual machine cannot write to the part of the disk
that contains your security kernel. There is a company here in Amsterdam called NAH6 who is doing exactly this
to secure a notebook. You first boot to a minimal Linux, start VMware, and
run Windows inside the VMware. You can then encrypt all disk accesses,
including things like the Windows swap file. No virus can get at the
security kernel, because it is caught in the VMware virtual machine. There
is a beta available for download at  This isn't rocket science.
But how does the virus get to the keys used to authenticate the user to the
bank? It doesn't. The virus could put a window up on the screen and entice
the user to type his password. The virus can then start the banking client
and generate the user interactions for the client to perform payments. But
guess what? This virus will work just as well against Pd. Of course, you
could put security features into the OS and GUI/keyboard to allow a
(secure) program to securely communicate with the user. But this solves the
problem both in my and the Pd setting. Again: no difference.
all. See above for the fallacy of your argument. The security kernel can easily
protect itself against any virus. Who are you protecting against? If the system protects the interests of the
user, then you don't need to protect the system from the user. The security
chip is only useful if you try to take control away from the user.
I've done years of research into securing transactions with the use of
tamper-resistant hardware. Back in '93 I published a paper on an electronic
payment system that used tamper-resistant hardware to improve security.
( It was one of our
main lines of work at DigiCash. Now, let me tell you our conclusions from years of research on how you
could use tamper-resistant hardware. The hardware becomes really useful if
it is owned and controlled by the user and it has its own controlled user
interface. That means a separate LCD screen and keys, not just a corner of
the monitor. That is not what Pd provides. There are some marginal
bennefits for having just a tamper-resistant module in the computer. But
then this module must be hardened from attack by the user, something the Pd
chips is not according to the presentation I saw. And the Pd presentation
never mentioned anything like the scenario where this gets even marginally
useful. You can, for example, use the tamper-resistant hardware to prevent users
from double-spending digital money, and then use cryptography to detect
them when they break the hardware and do it anyway. We looked at this for
years, but it isn't worth the trouble. The security provided by the chip is
not high enough to make it really useful for large or small transactions.
(It might be good enough for medium-sized transactions, but that is a
limited market.) No sensible bank will bet its own money on the chip (and I
have spent lots of time selling secure payment systems to banks) so you end
up using cryptography in real-time to prevent the attacks from occurring in
the first place. But then you don't need the chip anymore. Been there, done
that, even got the mug.
In the mean time we have gotten way off topic. I said the claimed benefits
of Pd can be achieved with existing hardware except for the DRM. You are
argueing that there is a use for a Pd-like secure chip, something that is
very different.
Like I said before, most of the Pd stuff is really welcome. Everything
except the secure chip is a great improvement, and long overdue. My
observation is that the secure chip is only needed to do DRM, and that
trying to sell it to the public under the 'we need more security' banner is
bogus. Now which part of this do you think is intellectually dishonest? And
what are my political aims? I have no interest in bashing MS or anyone
else. I just wanted to point out the flaws in some of the Pd arguments.
Please, name a few. So far the banking example seems to have fallen apart.
It also happens to be the field I've worked in for nearly a decade, so
maybe that helped. And a similar amount of code can achieve exactly the same on existing
hardware. The security kernel has the same set of functionality in either
case, so it remains the same size.
Niels Ferguson, niels phone: +31 20 463 0977
PGP: 3EC2 3304 9B6E 27D9  72E7 E545 C1E0 5D7E

@_date: 2002-09-16 19:47:33
@_author: Niels Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
Dear all,
Well, it is kind of silly to argue with someone anonymous who doesn't even
provide a return address, but his or her arguments exactly reflect the
erroneous arguments for Pd.
Before we continue, I should state that all I know of Pd is based on the
presentation at the rump session of Crypto 2002 and the following
discussion with several Microsoft employees.
We don't need Pd for a "secure vault". Standard cryptographic techniques,
just like the ones that Pd uses, are perfect for this. And protecting the
secure vault form viruses etc. is something that you don't need Pd for. It
is the operating system that _chooses_ to allow one program to interfere
with another. I know it is too much work to rewrite Windows, but you could
run a secure kernel, very much like the Pd kernel, on existing Pentium
hardware and provide perfect separation between programs. If VMware can do
it on existing hardware, why can't Microsoft?
I designed e-cash banking protocols for a living at DigiCash. There is no
need for the remote bank to check that the local client is clean. Like I
said, we have cryptography to handle that. And a security kernel on Pentium
hardware could perfectly well check whether a client has been infected by
checking a digital signature. Again, no need for special Pd hardware at all. And this is where I think you go wrong. All the problems you mentioned can
be solved using existing hardware. If you take the Pd architecture and run
the 'secure chip' functionality on the main CPU, you get a system that
achieves all the goals of the Pd project, except that the user keeps
control of his own machine.
This was my original comment: the only reason why you need a separate chip
it to take away control from the user. And it is all done under the guise
of providing security for the user. Much of the Pd work is very valuable in
finally providing reasonable security for the PC, but the 'secure chip' is
only there to support DRM and take control away from the user.
Niels Ferguson, niels phone: +31 20 463 0977
PGP: 3EC2 3304 9B6E 27D9  72E7 E545 C1E0 5D7E
