
@_date: 2019-12-15 07:43:03
@_author: "Spirit of Nikopol" 
@_subject: CHAN 711 - SPOOKY MART - ALWAYS OPEN 
Zero censorship @
       [chan] 711
       spooky mart
       always open

@_date: 2019-12-14 11:40:23
@_author: "Spirit of Nikopol" 
@_subject: Re: Spirit of Nikopol - Ten Rules of Resistance for the Reluctant Revolutionary 
Hey rooty,
I like Bitmessage. It's like old-school mixmaster updated for the 'app age.'
Shout at my Bitmessage address if you haven't already. I'm going to check
it soon.
 -------------------------------------------------
 S P I R I T    O F    N I K O P O L
 Don't swap synthetic brains for your real brains.
 broadcast on BitMessage (
 subscribe: BM-NBEz3C1WktcyMZwVRWgDNGpU5gMRZ2iT

@_date: 2019-12-14 11:57:32
@_author: "Spirit of Nikopol" 
@_subject: Re: Tor Stinks re Traffic Analysis and Sybil (as do other networks) 
Snowden smells like a CIA limited hangout operation. Quid pro quo between
CIA and FSB/GRU ... it works like this:
Obama the MI56 cutout, promote animus toward defecting poster-child. You
host him as pin-up whistleblower hero, Vladimir, because in your country
everyone knows not to ask too many questions.
Then when moles and snitches in USA and Russia contact Snowden's "trusted
resources" to spill beans, we quickly identify and silence them.
Obama was a clear intelligence asset from early on. The intel community
knows no national boundaries. They are ever a renegade state within the
states with no national loyalties. Any pretense to national loyalty or
patriotism is kabuki theatre for the peons and soldiers.
Snowden also looks like one of the Greenberg brothers.

@_date: 2019-12-13 05:27:25
@_author: "Spirit of Nikopol" 
@_subject: Spirit of Nikopol - Ten Rules of Resistance for the Reluctant Revolutionary 
Announcing the anonymous Bitmessage broadcast:
 S P I R I T    O F    N I K O P O L
 Don't swap synthetic brains for your real brains.
 broadcast on BitMessage (
 subscribe: BM-NBEz3C1WktcyMZwVRWgDNGpU5gMRZ2iT
 copy and paste this address in the BitMessage 'Subscriptions' tab
 Ten Rules of Resistance for the Reluctant Revolutionary
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 0.  Don't swap synthetic brains for your real brains.
 1.  Don't get prosthetic foreheads for your real heads.
 2.  Don't get a rock to wind a piece of string around.
 3.  Do not follow a multitude to do evil.
 4.  When they put you in the machine then you have a fighting chance to
 5.  When you put the machine in yourself then you are dead.
 6.  There is no bionic man - only bionic slaves.
 7.  Oppose synthetic parts. Remain digitally pure. Safeguard electronic
 8.  If they might be giants then we might be shepherds with slingshots.
 9.  Remember robots' rules: disallow harming humans.
 10. Hack the machines (to death).
 -------------------------------------------------
 S P I R I T    O F    N I K O P O L
 Don't swap synthetic brains for your real brains.
 broadcast on BitMessage (
 subscribe: BM-NBEz3C1WktcyMZwVRWgDNGpU5gMRZ2iT

@_date: 2019-12-15 06:41:55
@_author: "Spirit of Nikopol" 
@_subject: Re: Quality Time, Sweetheart: Some Principles on Dangerous Crypto 
A visit to Stack Exchange, Quora, Yahoo Questions, etc. will reveal
countless parrots declaring 'security through obscurity' a verboten taboo.
But when you devise an obscure scheme using many ciphers, and don't
publish the scheme, it does in fact significantly increase security. But
you are not allowed to say that. If you throw in a couple of unpublished
ciphers to the mix, it is even better. But again, you are not allowed to
say that. Saying it is akin to, "He said Jehosephat!"
True but I don't want to spell everything out. The reader must be led to
conclude some the implications.
You're welcome. Your mind is clean, unlike the others. I find this host
body suitable for my thoughts.
You down with OTP?
His spam and security protections are so stringent that not even his mum
can subscribe to his mailing list.
I am stealing that (the rib eye is bossmonstrous). Can five eyes digest
the rib eyes?
Insert Ted's steakhouse jingle. (!sorry!)
 -------------------------------------------------
 S P I R I T    O F    N I K O P O L
 Don't swap synthetic brains for your real brains.
 broadcast on BitMessage (
 subscribe: BM-NBEz3C1WktcyMZwVRWgDNGpU5gMRZ2iT

@_date: 2019-12-14 11:34:53
@_author: "Spirit of Nikopol" 
@_subject: Quality Time, Sweetheart: Some Principles on Dangerous Crypto 
- Underkill or overkill: which is more secure? Quality time, sweetheart.
- Cryptographic security rests on time. This is why the strength of a
cipher is measured in "polynomial time" or "exponential time." Quality
time, sweetheart.
- Quantum time is a theory at this point. It is a lame conjecture. Do not
trust theories and conjectures. Trust quality time.
- Obscurity is a time buffer. Until the obscure is unobscured, time is
working effortlessly against the effort of attack. (!blasphemy!)
- Ciphertext, keys, and digests are like toothpase: whiten, whiten,
whiten. Use separate whitening vectors for all.
- Industry standard crypto is always insufficient for dangerous messages.
There must be a time-to-generate bottleneck.
- One-time pad injects a time bottleneck approaching functional infinity.
- Industry standard crypto gets bugged and broken regularly. Using it can
produce a secure, self-signed death warrant.
- The longer a decipherment key takes to generate the more secure the
ciphertext will be. (time-to-generate delay)
- The longer the bottleneck the longer it takes for your adversary to
drink your beer.
- The longer the bottleneck the less of your bit-booze the enemy can drink.
- The hassle of exchanging one-time pads is much less than the hassle of
digitally signing your own death warrant.
- With random one-time pads you run zero risk of secretly borked crypto
- If doubt is bad, use the one-time pad. Otherwise, bottleneck,
bottleneck, whiten, whiten, obscure, obscure.
- If it has not been 100% proven secure, why would you assume it is secure?
- The prophetess of Delphi is not your human shield. Standard assumptions
in the oracle don't stop bullets.
- When borked 'standard crypto assumptions' buy you a ticket to the
gangplank will the academic researchers be there to sell you shark
- Just because you don't know that anyone has broken a cryptography
scheme, does not mean it hasn't been broken.
- Why would your adversary publish the fact that he has broken your
- Rather it may mean your adversary is practicing security through
obscurity, which has won many battles. (!blasphemy!)
- When you are using anything besides OTP then time is your only friend.
Your scheme must tack on the time.
- Security through obscurity worked for dozens of historical military
commanders (who were not sitting in ivory towers.)
- If security through obscurity is always bad then why do trade secrets
generate billions in profits?
- If security through obscurity is always bad then why do armies and
governments use it every day?
- What was said about casting pearls before pigs?
- The more obscure your means of communication, the more time your
adversary must invest to uncover it.
- An exponential increase in required key attack time is often an
exponential increase in safety, if your scheme is secure.
- University cryptographers are smart. But who signs their paychecks? Is
it the same Sam who signs NSA paychecks?
- Does the academic who pumps a certain unobscure cryptosystem have a life
insurance policy on you? Is your cryptography advisor invested in noose
- Will the pumpers of a certain cryptosystem support your family when you
are doxed or dead or disappeared?
- Provable security of a dangerous cryptosystem does not make it safe or
secure. It must also be deeply obscured from view.
- Web site crypto keys are vouched for by state-licensed actors. Need we
say more? Dangerous crypto should also be obscured by quality time.
- Generally the more time you take to secure your communications the more
time your adversary needs to attack.
- Why settle for 2 ^ 256 when 2 ^ 256 million is a clear winner?
- Why settle for one algorithm when you can cascade many?
- Envelope Superencryption of many algorithms is not necessarily limited
to strength of its weakest algorithm. (!blasphemy!)
- Basket encryption and stacking pancakes: If 16 superencryptions are used
with 16 different algorithms then the attacker must spend time to
correctly guess each algorithm in the correct order with the correct keys
or breaks. 16 pow 16 = 18446744073709551616 combinations, before we've
even addressed possible keys. If your basket of available algorithms is
larger than 16, this time injection can get unwieldy for attackers, even
if the attacker has a quantum 'flux capacitor.'
- When your life or liberty is at stake, to hell with efficiency. Churn,
baby, churn!
- Peer review and public availability of a cryptosystem are not magic
guarantees that weaknesses or flaws will be found. Remember, if a
cryptosystem is broken, bad actors who borked it are not going to tell
you. That obscurity is their advantage. The counter to this advantage is
polymorphism, chains of superencryptions, and using as much obscurity as
you can to inject all the time delay you reasonably can.
 -------------------------------------------------
 S P I R I T    O F    N I K O P O L
 Don't swap synthetic brains for your real brains.
 broadcast on BitMessage (
 subscribe: BM-NBEz3C1WktcyMZwVRWgDNGpU5gMRZ2iT

@_date: 2019-12-15 06:50:55
@_author: "Spirit of Nikopol" 
@_subject: Re: Questions about Other Crypto Discussion Forums 
Immortal (2004) - Linda Hardy, Thomas Kretschmann, Charlotte Rampling
 -------------------------------------------------
 S P I R I T    O F    N I K O P O L
 Don't swap synthetic brains for your real brains.
 broadcast on BitMessage (
 subscribe: BM-NBEz3C1WktcyMZwVRWgDNGpU5gMRZ2iT

@_date: 2019-12-14 17:32:44
@_author: "Spirit of Nikopol" 
@_subject: Questions about Other Crypto Discussion Forums 
I noticed some topical overlap between the cypherpunks mailing list and
the cryptography mailing list at Is there any relationship between these two lists or the people who
administer them?
Are there other lists or forums on related subjects that could be
recommended for me to peruse? Search engines any more seem to spit out
endless pages of irrelevant claptrap, spammy blogs, and endless Stack
Exchange errata. So I defer to word of mouth from the haunt of the true,
original cyber rebels.
In short, Number Five needs input.
 -------------------------------------------------
 S P I R I T    O F    N I K O P O L
 Don't swap synthetic brains for your real brains.
 broadcast on BitMessage (
 subscribe: BM-NBEz3C1WktcyMZwVRWgDNGpU5gMRZ2iT
