
@_date: 2003-07-19 12:28:26
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Kingdom of Fear - 2003 
Most deleted.
Whoa! Hunter S. Thompson <=> Tim May. Separated at birth ?

@_date: 2003-07-17 03:13:08
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Funding for TIA All But Dead 
DOD Lackey: "Sorry Mr. Rumsfield, we won't be able to the money for this from the Homeland Security Budget".
Don: "Damn! Oh well just put the stuff in in next year's black program budget. I guess we'll have to scratch a X-35FDRFS thingy, but we already had budgeted for twice as many as we really need. Nice try though!" DOD: Yes Sir Mr. Rumsfield !

@_date: 2003-07-08 02:03:01
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
Bzzzzt. Tim is correct. Companies that provide medical insurance are betting that you will require $X dollars of medical treatment and then charge you $Y dollars hoping that $Y > $X (including the interest earned by investing $Y).
The problem is that as you get older, the probability of you needing $$$ of medical treatment goes up and even higher if you engage in unhealthy practices (smoking,  overeating, etc.).
The gubmint's solution to this is what you are talking about... "Medicare". The fundamental assumption is that their are more healthy people than sick ones so that the premiums payed by the healthy people can be used to pay for medical care for the sick.
Unfortunately, there are two things wrong with this assumption. 1) Amazing advances in medical technology that allow people who are sick to live longer, but are very expensive, which leads to 2) more older (and less healthy) people than young (and more healthy) people.
If we are going to continue with the idea of Medicare then society has a whole must begin to make tough decisions on how to ration healthcare (ever heard of triage ?).  Which makes more sense: Spend $X dollars on some 80 year old's heart/lung transplant so he can live another 10 years, or spend that money on make sure an unwed mother's baby is born healthy?  (Note: either choice has it's  own sets of costs and rewards).

@_date: 2003-07-19 12:28:26
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Kingdom of Fear - 2003 
Most deleted.
Whoa! Hunter S. Thompson <=> Tim May. Separated at birth ?

@_date: 2003-07-19 12:28:26
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Kingdom of Fear - 2003 
Most deleted.
Whoa! Hunter S. Thompson <=> Tim May. Separated at birth ?

@_date: 2003-08-10 04:54:21
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
The building where I work has a cellular interface to it's alarm system (Small white box with a 800MHz Antenna sticking out of it next to the central alarm panel). I think the name on the box is something like "CellSentry". It's fed off the batteries for the alarm system so cutting off power won't shut it off I have always wondered how the arm/disarm keypad works in most alarm systems.
I would hope it would send a reasonably secure code to the controller to disable the alarm system, but I fear that it just a nothing more than a fancy remote relay and can be easily bypassed.
They recently added security camers to our system. Instead of using video tape they installed a box that records 30 second snap shots continuoulsy to it's hard drive.
Security people can access the system over the network (with a dedicated application, no idea how secure it is) and examine the captured images.

@_date: 2003-08-10 04:54:21
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
The building where I work has a cellular interface to it's alarm system (Small white box with a 800MHz Antenna sticking out of it next to the central alarm panel). I think the name on the box is something like "CellSentry". It's fed off the batteries for the alarm system so cutting off power won't shut it off I have always wondered how the arm/disarm keypad works in most alarm systems.
I would hope it would send a reasonably secure code to the controller to disable the alarm system, but I fear that it just a nothing more than a fancy remote relay and can be easily bypassed.
They recently added security camers to our system. Instead of using video tape they installed a box that records 30 second snap shots continuoulsy to it's hard drive.
Security people can access the system over the network (with a dedicated application, no idea how secure it is) and examine the captured images.

@_date: 2003-09-13 19:03:01
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Always check the lug nuts !! 
Evidently, they were trying to move the satelite from a horizontal to vertical position. However, engineers from a another project had removed the 24 bolts needed to secure the plate to the movement mechanism, and nobody thought to check for the bolts before attempting to moving the satelite.

@_date: 2003-09-07 21:44:47
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Cathedra and the Bizarre: Why Free Stuff is Good 
There's another reason (The one ESR states in his essay).
 "Scratching the Itch"
You are working on A and run into a problem B, you can't find an canned solution to B so you come up one your self.
You don't care about B, you are more concerned about A so you give B away.
Turns out solving B is a bigger deal to the rest of us than A.

@_date: 2003-09-11 04:51:27
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
I have a pretty good excuse
(As I duck behind a flame retardant barrier.. :) )
My brother-in-law and his wife are law-enforcement officers.
Seems that implies that I may have some bias against defendants.
Neither the prosecution or the defense want to deal with it.
Most people I know who end up on juries end up in civil cases.
They never get actually get to participate in the trial, they just have to show up for selection then visit or call the court house daily and are eventually told they're are excused because the parties usually settle out-of-court and have been using the threat of going to trial as a negotiating tactic.

@_date: 2003-09-11 23:46:36
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Fatherland Security agents above the law? 
ABC could have just as easily shipped an empty container from New York to Newark and claimed that government security failed.
To be a true test:
ABC should have involved some true al Qaeda operatives in order to see if US Security personnel would become aware of the shipment through intelligence efforts. or Shipped it using a forged "From:" address of an organization remotely linked with al Qaeda.
Of course then the FBI would have had something to REALLY visit with ABC Another sheeple "scare" tatic by the media.

@_date: 2003-09-16 03:00:47
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Versign creates man-in-the-middle attack on DNS 
Official notice from verisign.
Today VeriSign is adding a wildcard A record to the .com and .net
zones.  The wildcard record in the .net zone was activated from
10:45AM EDT to 13:30PM EDT.  The wildcard record in the .com zone is
being added now.  We have prepared a white paper describing VeriSign's
wildcard implementation, which is available here:
 By way of background, over the course of last year, VeriSign has been
engaged in various aspects of web navigation work and study.  These
activities were prompted by analysis of the IAB's recommendations
regarding IDN navigation and discussions within the Council of
European National Top-Level Domain Registries (CENTR) prompted by DNS
wildcard testing in the .biz and .us top-level domains.  Understanding
that some registries have already implemented wildcards and that
others may in the future, we believe that it would be helpful to have
a set of guidelines for registries and would like to make them
publicly available for that purpose.  Accordingly, we drafted a white
paper describing guidelines for the use of DNS wildcards in top-level
domain zones.  This document, which may be of interest to the NANOG
community, is available here:
Matt Larson VeriSign Naming and Directory Services

@_date: 2003-09-16 03:00:47
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Versign creates man-in-the-middle attack on DNS 
Official notice from verisign.
Today VeriSign is adding a wildcard A record to the .com and .net
zones.  The wildcard record in the .net zone was activated from
10:45AM EDT to 13:30PM EDT.  The wildcard record in the .com zone is
being added now.  We have prepared a white paper describing VeriSign's
wildcard implementation, which is available here:
 By way of background, over the course of last year, VeriSign has been
engaged in various aspects of web navigation work and study.  These
activities were prompted by analysis of the IAB's recommendations
regarding IDN navigation and discussions within the Council of
European National Top-Level Domain Registries (CENTR) prompted by DNS
wildcard testing in the .biz and .us top-level domains.  Understanding
that some registries have already implemented wildcards and that
others may in the future, we believe that it would be helpful to have
a set of guidelines for registries and would like to make them
publicly available for that purpose.  Accordingly, we drafted a white
paper describing guidelines for the use of DNS wildcards in top-level
domain zones.  This document, which may be of interest to the NANOG
community, is available here:
Matt Larson VeriSign Naming and Directory Services

@_date: 2003-09-16 02:56:36
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Versign creates man-in-the-middle attack on DNS 
Word on the North American Network Operators Group (NANOG) mailing list is that some major ISP's are null routing the address of the verisign server in The DNS name for the site you are redirected to is  . It's IP Address is 64.94.110.11
If you can't get to the Address, it has probably been null-routed.
There is an article on slashdot already:

@_date: 2003-09-16 02:56:36
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Versign creates man-in-the-middle attack on DNS 
Word on the North American Network Operators Group (NANOG) mailing list is that some major ISP's are null routing the address of the verisign server in The DNS name for the site you are redirected to is  . It's IP Address is 64.94.110.11
If you can't get to the Address, it has probably been null-routed.
There is an article on slashdot already:

@_date: 2003-09-16 02:24:23
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Versign creates man-in-the-middle attack on DNS 
Just a few hours ago Versign modified the Internet's root DNS servers to respond to ANY DNS lookup that doesn't resolve in a real hostname to return the IP address of one their servers where they claim to have a search engine.
For example, if you access  , you will get a Verisign page, not a "Host can not be found error".
This means that many anti-spam checks will fail among other issues.
They will also intercept mail to mistyped email hosts (They claim to reject the mail, but not after having collected the From and To address).
This really bites.

@_date: 2003-10-11 21:48:44
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Software protection scheme may boost new game sales (fwd) 
I remember a software company in my home town in the late '80's  that had it figured out.
They sold accounting software, it wasn't as spiffy as their competitor's (Quicken) but they sold it for .... $14.
For $14 dollars most any company would buy a copy just to try it out.
The owner made a handsome profit before selling the company to larger outfit.
I think they also sold other software the same way, they sold it cheap enough that people just spent the money to see if it was worth it.
-Neil (who still runs Quicken 99 under windows 95 'casue it does everything I need to do)

@_date: 2003-10-27 17:37:47
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: "If you use encryption, you help the terrorists win" 
Ummm, are we forgetting about the Patriot Act and siblings ?
YOU want to do the encryption, not the ISP who can be secretly subpoenaed to hand over the plain text. At least if you get a subpoena you know about it.

@_date: 2003-10-27 03:37:29
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: NSA Turns To Commercial Software For Encryption 
I dunno know.  It comes down to which of the following slogans you believe.
ECC: "Our algorithm is so good it has been licensed by the NSA".
RSA: "Our algorithm is so good that the NSA tried to prevent it's publication, had it classified as a munition and export controlled, tried to get the government to ban it in favor of a key escrow system, arrested and harassed a programmer for implementing an program using it, etc."
Depending on the orientation of your tin foil hat, either one can mean the algorithm is good or has a backdoor. Oh, the fodder for conspiracy theorists.
Other theories:
It's always in NSA's interest to make sure that the current "in vogue" crypto system require licensing even if it is a commercial license. At least it limits it's use in Open Source and Free Software. Or they now have fast enough computers and fancy enough algorithms to factor most current sizes of RSA keys, and that in order to be secure that they have to start using such large RSA key sizes it's to inefficient to use in some systems anymore (micro transmitters for phone taps) or they figure someone will notice they are using 16K keys and wonder why. So they decide to switch to a more efficient (or just different) algorithm.

@_date: 2003-10-27 23:41:11
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: ECC and blinding. 
Will ECC work with blinding (Chaum, Brands, etc.)  techniques?
Just curious.

@_date: 2003-11-06 03:05:19
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Remote vechicle shutdown 
Wouldn't you know it, just after I send a test message to check to see if I'm still getting mail from the list. I find something worthwhile to post.
From a Amateur Radio Mail List I frequent:
----------  Forwarded Message  ----------
And then too, of course, the "dramatic demonstration" from
SAN DIEGO - October 31, 2003 -- Satellite Security Systems (S3), a global
provider of asset security and logistics control, in cooperation with the
California Highway Patrol (CHP) and InterState Oil Company, dramatically
demonstrated the first wireless remote shutdown of a fully loaded moving
petrochemical tanker truck.
From S3's headquarters in San Diego - 530 miles from the demonstration
site - satellite communications were used to disable the truck in seconds,
proving S3's GlobalGuardT and FleetGuardT a viable solution to the challenge
of controlling rogue hazardous waste vehicles that could pose a threat to
homeland security.
The event, conducted on CHP Academy grounds in Sacramento and administered
by the CHP, addresses ongoing concerns about the affordability of effective
security technology, stealthiness of such a security device, and how GPS
monitoring can be incorporated safely into law enforcement protocol.

@_date: 2003-11-01 17:03:03
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Chaumian blinding & public voting? 
... (Standard Tim May "Anyone who doesn't agree with me deserves to die a horrible death rant) ...
I figured that was coming.
Chuckle.

@_date: 2003-11-01 03:17:38
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Chaumian blinding & public voting? 
Doing this would allow vote buyers to verify a voter voted the way  they That is one of the main reasons you can't take a copy of your paper ballot home with you now.
One option might be to give the voter a MAC of their ballot and then print the MAC's in the paper. The voter could check to see if their vote had been I still think far better methods for improving voter turn out other than Internet voting are:
1.  A National Election Holiday (but in the middle of the work week so people can't use it to extend a vacation).
2. Couple the Election with a National Lottery with local, state, and national prizes. With appropriate delink of voter's identity from the way they voted of course.
(I'm not claiming that this would actually improve things overall, just increase voter turnout).

@_date: 2003-11-14 03:48:17
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Political Hyprocrisy in action. 
I'm surprised no one has commented on Al Gore's speech ( where he talks about all the evil things that the Bush administration has done to  to undermine our civil Got two words for ya Al:  Clipper Chip

@_date: 2003-11-20 03:35:46
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Freedomphone 
SIP is just the part of the VoIP protocols that handling signaling (off-hook, dialing digits, ringing the phone, etc.). The voice data is handled by Real-Time Streaming Protocol (RTSP), one stream for each direction.

@_date: 2003-11-20 03:35:46
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Freedomphone 
SIP is just the part of the VoIP protocols that handling signaling (off-hook, dialing digits, ringing the phone, etc.). The voice data is handled by Real-Time Streaming Protocol (RTSP), one stream for each direction.

@_date: 2003-11-26 06:37:25
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
I was thinking of those boxes with viewing ports that you look into to get your eyes tested when you renew your drivers license. You could have those out in the open, that way you'd have the privacy (only turn the display on if the viewing port is completely covered), but if you tried to use a camera it would be pretty obvious (or you could design the lens of the port to make it impossible to discern the ballot except with the human eye(s)).
Here in the sticks we just use the ole' number two pencil to fill in the oval. Some fancy polling places run the ballot through a reader to verify that there aren't any problems (missing ovals, multiple votes, etc.). They'll let you have three tries  at it.
However, there doesn't seem to be anything to stop me from going back in a few hours later and claiming to be someone else at a different address other than the if the person has already voted or by relying on steel-trap memory of the volunteer elderly ladies than man the poll (of course in  our small town that can be pretty effective) :) .

@_date: 2003-11-28 17:12:34
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Now how they do that ? 
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Police have arrested a California man in connection to a burglary in which a computer with sensitive information about Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE:WFC - news) customers was stolen, officials said on Wednesday. Investigators traced the computer to Krastof when he logged onto his own America Online account at home through one of the stolen computers, White said. That enabled authorities to connect the computer's Internet Protocol address, a number that identifies a computer on the Internet, to Krastof's home address through his AOL account, White said. My guess that there was some sort of application (maybe an internally based IM client) that "phoned home" when the thief started up the computer.
Or at least I hope ....

@_date: 2003-11-28 17:12:34
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Now how they do that ? 
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Police have arrested a California man in connection to a burglary in which a computer with sensitive information about Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE:WFC - news) customers was stolen, officials said on Wednesday. Investigators traced the computer to Krastof when he logged onto his own America Online account at home through one of the stolen computers, White said. That enabled authorities to connect the computer's Internet Protocol address, a number that identifies a computer on the Internet, to Krastof's home address through his AOL account, White said. My guess that there was some sort of application (maybe an internally based IM client) that "phoned home" when the thief started up the computer.
Or at least I hope ....

@_date: 2003-12-12 03:39:43
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Good Quote! 
"They keep talking about drafting a Constitution for Iraq. Why don't we just give them ours? It was written by a lot of really smart guys, it's worked for over 200 years, and Hell, we're not using it anymore."
-Jay Leno

@_date: 2003-12-12 03:00:50
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Anti-globalization 
What I object to are corporations who utilize their power (money) to influence governments to make laws that benefit them at the expense of others.
- The DMCA
- Tariffs AND Free Trade Agreements
- H1-B visas
Even Ayn Rand weaves this into "Atlas Shrugged" where the competitors of Reardon Steel get the government to try and force him to give them his formula for his high-strength steel because it's putting them out business and "unfair".
Company's that do this are no better than Tim's "Welfare mutants" and probably worse because they have a much larger impact.
But I don't see him calling for their "vaporization". It would screw up his stock portfolio.

@_date: 2003-12-12 03:00:50
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Anti-globalization 
What I object to are corporations who utilize their power (money) to influence governments to make laws that benefit them at the expense of others.
- The DMCA
- Tariffs AND Free Trade Agreements
- H1-B visas
Even Ayn Rand weaves this into "Atlas Shrugged" where the competitors of Reardon Steel get the government to try and force him to give them his formula for his high-strength steel because it's putting them out business and "unfair".
Company's that do this are no better than Tim's "Welfare mutants" and probably worse because they have a much larger impact.
But I don't see him calling for their "vaporization". It would screw up his stock portfolio.

@_date: 2003-12-12 03:39:43
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Good Quote! 
"They keep talking about drafting a Constitution for Iraq. Why don't we just give them ours? It was written by a lot of really smart guys, it's worked for over 200 years, and Hell, we're not using it anymore."
-Jay Leno

@_date: 2004-03-12 02:15:40
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Evidence is clear: Videos convict 
Actually I think it was called "Rising Sun" It starred Sean Connery and Wesley Snipes investigating the murder of a woman in the corporate offices of a Japanese controlled corporation in Los Angeles.
(Hmmm, Sean Connery was in an Indiana Jones film too......)
Turned out the "reflection" was a witness to the murder, and the real killer was an American politician trying to hide is indiscretion.
Basically, it was a kung-fu film within the background of the conflict between Japanese and American culture. (This was back during the "The Japanese are going to buy out America" mania in the 80's).
I think it was based on a Michael Crichton novel too. (Hey, wasn't "Jurassic" Park directed by Spielberg who supported Directory George Lucas with the "Indiana Jones" Films ....... what's that noise, hey someone's breaking down the  door. Oww11 als;kfjlaskjlt6ihaklhglk;ajs al ........ CARRIER TERMINATED

@_date: 2004-11-22 03:09:04
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Senators try to pull a fast one, almost get away with it. 
Hash: SHA1
This weekend Congress was working on a massive $388 billion omnibus spending bill that will cover all manner of federal spending. But at the request of Rep. Ernest Istook of Oklahoma, chairman of the House Appropriations Transportation Subcommittee, a special provision was inserted into the bill which allows the Chairmen of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees or their "agents" to review any American's tax return with no restrictions whatsoever. Specifically, none of the privacy law restrictions -- or the criminal and civil penalties tied to them -- would apply when the Chair or anybody he or she designates as his or her "agent" looked at your tax return.
The exact language of the provision is as follows ...
"Hereinafter, notwithstanding any other provision of law governing the disclosure of income tax returns or return information, upon written request of the Chairman of the House or Senate Committee on Appropriations, the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall allow agents designated by such Chairman access to Internal Revenue Service facilities and any tax returns or return information contained therein." The provision was slipped into the bill at the last moment. And, at least on the Democratic side, no one was told about it until some Dems caught it at the last moment. Senate Republicans quickly backtracked, calling the provision a mistake or snafu and insisting they knew nothing about it. You can see some of the back-and-forth that took place on the Senate floor in this AP piece at CNN.
Sen. Stevens of Alaska, Chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, originally blamed the provision on a 'staffer'. But later, according to the AP, Sen. Frist and "congressional aides" said it was inserted at the behest of Rep. Istook.

@_date: 2004-12-03 15:44:12
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Tenet calls for Internet security 
Yessiree, he sure knows how he wants it done, too!

@_date: 2004-12-06 03:57:05
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
One the claims I have problems with (from the WIRED article):
But the real power of PROMIS, according to Hamilton, is that with a
staggering 570,000 lines of computer code, PROMIS can integrate
innumerable databases without requiring any reprogramming.
If this were true, I can guarantee that there would lots of companies
clamoring for it.

@_date: 2004-12-06 03:52:52
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
Yes, I have found that puzzling too.
Articles I have read refer to the original version being "in the public
domain". You'd think the source code would be "out there" somewhere.
The least "Tin Foil Hat (TM)" version of the story I found is at Wired
Which gives this description:
"Designed as case-management software for federal prosecutors, PROMIS
has the ability to combine disparate databases, and to track people by
their involvement with the legal system. Hamilton and others now claim
that the DOJ has modified PROMIS to monitor intelligence operations,
agents and targets, instead of legal cases."
I find the claims made about this software (it's ability to reconcile
data from many different sources "automagically" ) pretty vague and
frankly, a little far fetched, based on what I know about software,
databases, etc.
(And that's not even including the "modifications" supposedly made to
install a TEMPEST back door in later versions).

@_date: 2005-01-01 15:37:18
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Talking Back to Power: China's 'Haves' Stir the 'Have Nots' to 
I'm not really RAH, but I play him on cypherpunks ;-)
The Great Divide | Talking Back to Power: China's 'Haves' Stir the 'Have
Nots' to Violence
December 31, 2004
 By JOSEPH KAHN WANZHOU, China, Dec. 24 - The encounter, at first, seemed
purely pedestrian. A man carrying a bag passed a husband
and wife on a sidewalk. The man's bag brushed the woman's
pants leg, leaving a trace of mud. Words were exchanged. A
scuffle ensued. Easily forgettable, except that one of the men, Yu Jikui,
was a lowly porter. The other, Hu Quanzong, boasted that he
was a ranking government official. Mr. Hu beat Mr. Yu using
the porter's own carrying stick, then threatened to have
him killed. For Wanzhou, a Yangtze River port city, the script was
incendiary. Onlookers spread word that a senior official
had abused a helpless porter. By nightfall, tens of
thousands of people had swarmed Wanzhou's central square,
where they tipped over government vehicles, pummeled
policemen and set fire to city hall. Minor street quarrel provokes mass riot. The Communist
Party, obsessed with enforcing social stability, has few
worse fears. Yet the Wanzhou uprising, which occurred on
Oct. 18, is one of nearly a dozen such incidents in the
past three months, many touched off by government
corruption, police abuse and the inequality of the riches
accruing to the powerful and well connected. "People can see how corrupt the government is while they
barely have enough to eat," said Mr. Yu, reflecting on the
uprising that made him an instant proletarian hero - and
later forced him into seclusion. "Our society has a short
fuse, just waiting for a spark." Though it is experiencing one of the most spectacular
economic expansions in history, China is having more
trouble maintaining social order than at any time since the
Tiananmen Square democracy movement in 1989. Police statistics show the number of public protests
reached nearly 60,000 in 2003, an increase of nearly 15
percent from 2002 and eight times the number a decade ago.
Martial law and paramilitary troops are commonly needed to
restore order when the police lose control. China does not have a Polish-style Solidarity labor
movement. Protests may be so numerous in part because they
are small, local expressions of discontent over layoffs,
land seizures, use of natural resources, ethnic tensions,
misspent state funds, forced immigration, unpaid wages or
police killings. Yet several mass protests, like the one in
Wanzhou, show how people with different causes can seize an
opportunity to press their grievances together. The police recently arrested several advocates of peasant
rights suspected of helping to coordinate protest
activities nationally. Those are worrying signs for the
one-party state, reflexively wary of even the hint of
organized opposition. Wang Jian, a researcher at the Communist Party's training
academy in Changchun, in northeast China, said the number
and scale of protests had been rising because of "frictions
and even violent conflicts between different interest
groups" in China's quasi market economy. "These mass incidents have seriously harmed the country's
social order and weakened government authority, with
destructive consequences domestically and abroad," Mr. Wang
wrote in a recent study. China's top leaders said after their annual planning
session in September that the "life and death of the party"
rests on "improving governance," which they define as
making party officials less corrupt and more responsive to
public concerns. But the only accessible outlet for farmers and workers to
complain is the network of petition and appeals offices, a
legacy of imperial rule. A new survey by Yu Jianrong, a
leading sociologist at the Chinese Academy of Social
Sciences in Beijing, found that petitions to the central
government had increased 46 percent in 2003 from the year
before, but that only two-hundredths of 1 percent of those
who used the system said it worked. Last month, as many as 100,000 farmers in Sichuan Province,
frustrated by months of fruitless appeals against a dam
project that claimed their land, took matters into their
own hands. They seized Hanyuan County government offices
and barred work on the dam site for days. It took 10,000
paramilitary troops to quell the unrest. Also in November, in Wanrong County, Shanxi Province, in
central China, two policemen were killed when enraged
construction workers attacked a police station after a
traffic dispute. Days later, in Guangdong Province, in the
far south, riots erupted and a toll booth was burned down
after a woman claimed she had been overcharged to use a
bridge. In mid-December, a village filled with migrant
workers in Guangdong erupted into a frenzy of violence
after the police caught a 15-year-old migrant stealing a
bicycle and beat him to death. Up to 50,000 migrants rioted
there, Hong Kong newspapers reported. Wanzhou officials initially treated their riot in October
as a fluke. They ordered Mr. Hu to declare on television
that he is a fruit vendor, not a public official, and that
his confrontation with Mr. Yu was a mistake. The police
arrested a dozen people and declared social order restored.
But the uprising alarmed Beijing, which told local
officials they would be sacked if they failed to prevent
recurrences, according to Chinese journalists briefed on
the matter. Luo Gan, the member of the Politburo Standing
Committee who is in charge of law and order, issued
national guidelines warning that "sudden mass incidents"
were increasing and calling for tighter police measures. More than a dozen people interviewed in Wanzhou, part of
Chongqing Municipality, described the city as tense. All
said that they still believed that Mr. Hu was indeed an
official and that the government concocted a cover story to
calm things down. They say the anger excited by the riot
awaits only a new affront. The Chance Encounter Like many farmers in the steeply graded hills along the
Yangtze, Mr. Yu, 57, supplements his income hauling loads
up and down city roads - grain, fertilizer, air
conditioners, anything that he can balance on a bamboo pole
and hoist on his slender shoulder. Sweaty and dirty,
porters put their low-paying profession on parade. They are
often referred to simply as bian dan, or pole men. Mr. Yu's lot is better than some others. He has another
sideline collecting hair cuttings off the floors of beauty
salons and barber shops, packing them in big burlap bags
and selling them to wig-makers down south. On Oct. 18, he spent several hours collecting hair from
upscale salons along Baiyan Road, a busy shopping street
that runs near the government square downtown. His load was
light - two bags of loose locks - and he scurried down the
sidewalk to lunch. "Hey, pole man, you got dirt all over my pants!" he heard a
woman shout. When he turned to face her, the man by her
side, Mr. Hu, was glaring at him. "What are you looking at, bumpkin?" Mr. Yu recalls Mr. Hu
saying. Mr. Yu is mild mannered, with a slightly raffish grin
stained yellow from chain smoking. Mr. Hu, wearing a coat
and tie and leather shoes, looked like he might be
important. Mr. Yu said he should have let the moment pass.
He did not. "I work like this so that my daughter and son can dress
better than I do, so don't look down on me," he recalled
saying. Then he added, "I sell my strength just as a
prostitute sells her body." Mr. Yu said he was drawing a general comparison. Mr. Hu and
his young wife, Zeng Qingrong, apparently thought he had
insinuated something else. She jerked his shirt collar and
slapped his ear. Mr. Hu picked up Mr. Yu's fallen pole and
struck him in the legs and back repeatedly. Perhaps for the benefit of the crowd, Mr. Hu shouted that
it was Mr. Yu, sprawled on the pavement, who was in big
trouble. "I'm a public official," Mr. Hu said, according to Mr. Yu
and other eyewitnesses. "If this guy causes me more
problems, I'll pay 20,000 kuai" - about $2,500 - "and have
him knocked off." Those words never appeared in the state-controlled media.
But is difficult to find anyone in Wanzhou today who has
not heard some version of Mr. Hu's bluster: The putative
official - he has been identified in the rumor mill as the
deputy chief of the local land bureau - had boasted that he
could have a porter killed for $2,500. It was a call to
arms. Mr. Hu's threat, spread by mobile phones, text messages and
the swelling crowd, encapsulated a thousand bitter
grievances. "I heard him say those exact words," said Wen Jiabao,
another porter who says he witnessed the confrontation. "It
proves that it's better to be rich than poor, but that
being an official is even better than being rich." Xiang Lin, a 18-year-old auto mechanic, had seen China's
rising wealth when he worked near Shanghai. But when he
returned home to Wanzhou, he felt frustrated that his plan
to open a repair shop foundered. He was drawn downtown by
the excitement. "Don't officials realize that we would not have any
economic development in Wanzhou without the porters?" Mr.
Xiang asked. Cai Shizhong, a taxi driver, was angered when the
authorities created a company to control taxi licenses,
which he says cost him thousands of dollars but brought no
benefits. The police also fine taxi drivers left and right,
he said. "If you drive a private car, they leave you alone because
you might be important," Mr. Cai said. "If you drive a
taxi, they find any excuse to take your money." Peng Daosheng's home was flooded by the rising reservoir of
the Three Gorges Dam. He was supposed to receive $4,000 in
compensation as well as a new home. But his new apartment
is smaller and less well located, and the cash never
arrived. "The officials take all the money for themselves," said Mr.
Peng, who spent eight hours protesting that night. "I guess
that's why that guy had $2,500 to kill someone." It took the police more than four hours to remove Mr. Hu
and Mr. Yu from the scene. The crowd surrounded police cars
and refused to budge, afraid the police would cover up the
beating, and even punish Mr. Yu. "People knew the matter would never be resolved fairly
behind closed doors," Mr. Yu said. Even after the police formed a cordon around two cars - one
for Mr. Hu and his wife, another for Mr. Yu - the crowd
smashed the windows of the car carrying the couple. It was
nearly 5 p.m. before the vehicles crawled through the
assembled masses. A Loss of Control The police may have hoped that removing the main actors
from the scene would defuse the tension. Instead, the crowd
rampaged. At 6 p.m., a police van was surrounded and the
policeman inside was beaten with bricks. Seven or eight
people tipped the car over, stuffed toilet paper into the
gas tank and set it ablaze, according to witnesses and a
police report. When a fire truck arrived, the fire fighters were forced
out and their truck commandeered. A driver smashed it into
brick wall, then backed up and repeated the move to render
the truck immobile. "They lost control at once," recalled Mr. Cai, the taxi
driver, who wandered through the crowd that day. "Suddenly
the police were nobody and the people were in charge." The local government never published an estimate of how
many people took part in the protest. But unofficial
estimates by Chinese journalists on the scene ranged from
30,000 to 70,000, enough to stop all traffic downtown and
fill the government square. By 8 p.m., the rally focused on the 20-story headquarters
of the Wanzhou District Government, with its blue-tinted
windows and imposing terrace facing the square. The crowd
chanted, "Hand over the assassin!" Riot-police officers in
full protective gear - but carrying no guns - held the
terrace. Officials with loudspeakers urged the crowd to
disperse, promising that the incident would be handed
according to law. But the mob now followed its own law. An assembly line
formed from a nearby construction site. Concrete building
slabs were ferried along the line, then shattered with
sledgehammers to make projectiles. Front-line rioters
hurled the rocks at the police - tentatively at first, then
in volleys. Under the barrage, the police retreated. Protesters charged
the terrace, shattered the windows and doors of government
headquarters and surged inside. Official documents were scattered. Protesters dumped
computers and office furniture off the terrace. Soon, a
raging fire illuminated the square with its flickering
orange glow. Li Jian, 22, took part in the plunder. A young peasant, he
had found a city job as a short-order cook. But he longed
to study computers, said his father, Li Wanfa. The family
bought an old computer keyboard so the young man could
learn typing. "He wanted to go to high school but the school said his
cultural level was not high enough," Mr. Li said. "They
said a country boy like him should be a cook." The police arrested young Mr. Li scurrying through the
melee with a Legend-brand computer that belonged to the
government, according to an arrest notice. Yet even at the height of the incident, rioters set limits.
They did not attack any of the restaurants or department
stores along the government square, focusing their wrath on
symbols of official power. By midnight, the crowd dwindled on its own. When
paramilitary troops finally arrived on the scene after 3
a.m., there were only a few thousand hard-core protesters
left. "Most people went home," said Mr. Peng, the man whose home
had been flooded by the dam. "But the armed police were
fierce. They beat you even if you kneeled down before
them." The Tensions Persist The local government praised its own handling of the riot.
An assessment published three days afterward in The Three
Gorges City News, the daily paper of the Wanzhou Communist
Party, also declared the uprising had no lasting
ramifications. "The district government displayed its strong governing
ability at a crucial moment," the report said. "This
incident was caused by a handful of agitators with ulterior
motives who whipped up a street-side dispute into a mass
riot." The uprising did dissipate as quickly as it emerged. Baiyan
Road now bustles with afternoon shoppers. After work,
dancers bundled against the damp chill use government
square as an outdoor ballroom, a synthesized two-step beat
filling the night air. Yet the underlying tensions did not disappear. When the
Wan Min Cotton Textile Factory declared bankruptcy in
mid-December, scores of policemen occupied the factory
grounds to prevent a riot. The next day, a handful of
workers from the factor went to city hall to protest.
Several hundred uniformed police surrounded them. Mr. Xiang, the auto mechanic, was arrested for throwing
stones and taken into custody. One day, returning from the
cold showers inmates were required to take in the unheated
jail, guards told him to kneel. One elbowed him in the back
and several others kicked him in the gut. As he lay prostrate, a prison supervisor said: "Nothing
happened to you here, did it? You're a smart kid." He could not eat for two days. "We were all brothers
inside," he said of his fellow detainees. "The officials
despise the ordinary people and are not afraid to bully
them." Then there's Mr. Yu. He missed the riot that occurred in
his name, but has been under pressure ever since. The
government kept him isolated in a hospital for nearly two
weeks, even though bruises on his legs and the stitches he
needed above his eye had healed. His daughter and son were told to take a vacation, paid by
the government, to avoid contact with the news media. "They
told us not to talk or it would hurt the city," Mr. Yu said
in his first interview. Yet he said what really shook him was the reaction to the
statement he made to Wanzhou television on Oct. 20, two
days after the riot. The government told him to appear - he
was still under guard - and had prepared questions in
advance. "They told me to emphasize the importance of law and
order," he said. "I was told just to answer the questions
and not to say anything else." What he said on the evening news sounded innocuous enough.
"Let this be handled by law," Mr. Yu told viewers.
"Everyone should stay at home." So he was unprepared for the backlash. Relatives of those
arrested criticized him for propagandizing for the
government, saying their kin felt betrayed. Neighbors
warned him not to plant rice this year because his enemies
would just rip it out. His wife says she wants to move
because she has heard too many threats. Mr. Yu is understandably confused. "First an official
tries to break my legs because I am a dirty porter," he
said. "Now the common people want to break my legs because
I spoke for the government." Chris Buckley contributed reporting for this article.
