
@_date: 2001-09-29 17:25:05
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Security Measures 
The Corps of Engineers has restricted access to most lock and dam
installations on the Mississippi (closed observation facilities and public
parks around the sites). Their concern is that terrorists may attempt to
destory them, causing the dissruption of barge traffic on the river.
They estimate over 60 billion dollars in  goods are transported by barge on
the river every year.
However, they plan no restrictions on river traffic.
Neil M. Johnson

@_date: 2001-09-25 03:38:08
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: British SAS in Afghanistan 
A couple of British Newspapers are reporting that a British SAS unit
exchanged fire with Taleban soldiers
in Afghanistan.
The Herlad Sun:
From the BBC:
Neil M. Johnson

@_date: 2001-09-22 01:52:03
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: Preparedness 
Unfortunately, Iowa and Missouri lie near the New Madrid Fault.
"The greatest earthquake risk east of the Rocky Mountains is along the New
Madrid fault system. Damaging earthquakes are much less frequent than in
California, but when they do occur, the damage can be far greater, due to
the underlying geology.
The New Madrid fault system, or the New Madrid seismic zone, is a series of
faults beneath the continental crust in a weak spot known as the Reelfoot
Rift. It cannot be seen on the surface. The fault system extends 150 miles
southward from Cairo, Illinois through New Madrid and Caruthersville,
Missouri, down through Blytheville, Arkansas to Marked Tree, Arkansas. It
dips into Kentucky near Fulton and into Tennessee near Reelfoot Lake, and
extends southeast to Dyersburg, Tennessee. It crosses five state lines, and
crosses the Mississippi River in at least three places.
The great New Madrid earthquake of 1811-12 was a series of quakes that
happened over a three-month period. The main shocks, the three largest
earthquakes, were estimated to be greater than magnitude 8.0 Aftershocks
included two events around magnitude 8.0, five magnitude 7.7, ten magnitude
5.3, and eighty-nine estimated at magnitude 4.3. The entire fault system is
believed to have ruptured in this series of earthquakes. Aftershocks were
felt in the region for more than a year. This was the largest release of
seismic energy in the continental United States. The only other larger event
was the Great Alaska Earthquake, in 1964."
Probably not going to be on anybodies' "top ten places to live" after  being
through a major quake in CA.
-Neil Johnson

@_date: 2001-10-23 03:27:08
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Dam security 
I wonder what kind of security they have at the Old River Control Structure
(ORCS) ?
The ORCS was built by the Corps in the 1960's to prevent the Mississippi
from changing its path from the route that  goes through
New Orleans to a more direct route via the Atchafalaya River ( a route that
is 170 miles shorter than it's current path). If the river did
change course, It would destroy a large wildlife sanctuary and would
eventually leave New Orleans and Baton Rouge without fresh water,
not to mention economic impact it would have.
It was almost destroyed during the massive floods of 1973 by scouring
(basically the the river undermining the foundation of the structure).
The Corp has since reinforced the structure and built a additional
structures to control the flow.
Neil M. Johnson

@_date: 2001-10-11 00:23:53
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: CNN sucking Powell's dick 
Still plenty of "numbers" stations on the air. ( Background" A "numbers
station" is a short-wave station where transmissions consists of someone
(human or software generated) monotonously reading a sequence of numbers and
nothing else. Probably a messages encoded with a OTP).
Watch it now. We don't want the gov't getting the idea that all short-wave
radios need to registered.

@_date: 2001-10-03 03:41:13
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
Yep, The IP address that John sent DOES work, so it is looking like an DNS issue.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, October 02, 2001 10:23 PM

@_date: 2001-10-03 01:28:55
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
Hmm, I get a "Cannot Find server or DNS error"
I tried  from work, and I tried it from home.
Unless John had to ban both due to robot issues.
Oh well.

@_date: 2001-10-03 00:11:19
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: cryptome down ? 
I tried to get to cryptome, but it appears to be down.
Any info ?
Neil M. Johnson

@_date: 2001-10-23 05:08:24
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: Farm Out! (was Re: Retribution not enough) 
The group that lives in our area will seek treatment, if absolutely
I guess I should probably  point out that there are many Amish "sects" each
with different rules regarding the use of technology.
Some believe in using absolutely no "modern" technology (no electricity, use
horses instead of tractors, etc.).
Some will use "old" tech (seem my earlier message about using line shafts to
power machines as long as no electricity is used (yeah, yeah they use
electricity to heat the glow plug, go figure).
Some will use tractors instead of horses (but the tractors must have steel
wheels, rubber tires are a sin)
"Liberal" Amish will even drive cars, but they must not have any chrome
(they paint it black) and no white wall tires.
All and all they are pretty friendly people (always wave when you pass their
carriages, etc.).
The biggest problem they face (besides attrition from younger family members
leaving) is getting their carriages smashed by cars going 60+ mph  with
stupid drivers who don't realize how slow the carriages are. Of course the
government now requires them to have slow moving vehicle signs on the back
and recently, despite their objections, battery operated flashing amber

@_date: 2001-10-23 03:24:47
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: Farm Out! (was Re: Retribution not enough) 
My father in-law makes some extra dough by converting modern  power tools
(Delta table saws, belt sanders, and lathes) to run of a  central drive
shaft so the Amish in our area can build furniture.  Evidently it's "kosher"
to use a centrally located diesel engine (with a battery to start it even!)
to turn line shafts, belts, and pulleys to transmit power instead of wires.
They even use pre-manufactured drawer  guides and other hardware in their
furniture (and air compressor powered sprayers to apply stain and varnish).
Several Amish farms put telephones in their barns for emergency purposes (or
drive to nearby store to use a phone booth to call relatives, etc.).
So much for being "independent".
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2001 6:07 PM
sons to ag
to the
organic farms. No
married, they
(which is what

@_date: 2001-10-26 00:36:14
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
Looks like a nicely rendered computer image of the proposed device (somebody
there is good with POV-Ray?).

@_date: 2001-10-25 02:04:17
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
The Ames Strain of Anthrax wasn't "developed" in Ames, It was "discovered".
It was naturally occurring strain that was resistant to the anti-biotics
that were used to treat Anthrax at the time.
It is very commonly used in the study and research of bacteria, and up to a
few years ago  could be easily ordered from lab supply houses (as long as it
looked like an "offical" research organization, the company sent it).
It took a  white-supremicist scientist ordering it and then driving around
with it in the trunk of his car to convince the government more restrictions
to be put in place.

@_date: 2001-11-24 04:48:27
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Cybercrime treaty signed. 
Just Thought I'd beat James Choate to the punch (hee hee).
Neil M. Johnson

@_date: 2001-11-19 08:54:58
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
Well (jamesd's "because they can" comment not withstanding) the stated
reason  for uncoupling money from precious metal was to allow the government
greater flexibility in controlling the supply of money. Supposedly they
could increase the amount of money available when times were bad (to make
things better) or decrease it during good times (to prevent inflation). Of
course it also allowed them (the government) to buy things without raising
taxes (just print more money), but they got burned when it led to inflation
in the 70's.
Check out Menard Keynes (sp?). Although I'm pretty sure most  people on this
list consider his ideas blasphemy :) .
There are still a lot people that believe the U.S. should return to the
"Gold Standard" meaning the amount of money in circulation should equal  the
amount of gold held by the U.S. government. That's what Fort Knox was
originally for.
Seesh 3:00 AM better get to bed.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Sunday, November 18, 2001 10:29 PM

@_date: 2001-11-18 20:17:28
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
Economics 101 for those who don't/won't check the archives:
The fundamental problem is Trust.
The basic concept of money is to act as a proxy for the exchange of goods
and services.
Say a farmer needs medical attention and a doctor wants pork chops. Without
"money" the farmer would have to pay the doctor with 100 bushels of grain (a
good) for the doctor's expertise (a service). The doctor would then have to
use the grain to pay another farmer for a pig, a butcher to kill it, and on
and on.
Obviously this is extremely inefficient (What's the farmer and doctor to do
if the doctor already has a ton of grain, but really wants pork chops ?)
"Money" allows the doctor to buy what he wants without transporting and
storing a ton of grain, and without having to make several exchanges to
finally get what he wants.
BUT, This only works if everyone involved TRUSTS that the money's proxy
value is stable, meaning that the value X mount of grain = Y dollars = Z
number of pork chops remains relatively fixed over time (at least for the
short-term of the transactions involved).
In the past, this trust was facilitated by utilizing materials that were
scarce and could not be obtained easily (gold, sliver, gems, pearls .etc.).
To further improve efficiency this trust became based on scarce documents
( by virtue of not easily duplicated ) first representing an amount of the
scarce materials mentioned above, and eventually becoming based on trust in
the institution managing it (bank, government, etc.).
Today, we are at the point where even the documents don't even need to
exist, the value is represented as numbers in a computer somewhere. We just
believe that when we use an ATM or a credit card that we will be provided
the goods and services we desire.
However, this trust is still mainly based on faith in the stability of a
government ( with banks being granted a "license" to utilize that trust).
In order for digital currency to become common place it must earn the same
level of trust that existing money systems have.
The problem is that the government has no interest in creating that trust
and in fact has a bigger interest in preventing that trust from forming.
So how do we develop this trust for digital cash ?
Digicash tried tying back to the trust of  existing money systems
E-gold, digi-gold, etc. are trying to tie back to the trust of scarce
materials (the jury's still out, however they still risk problems with
government interference).
It would seem to me that digital cash would be better off not being tied
either of these trust systems, but somehow develop it's own.
Currently the only viable solution I'm aware of is an electronic version of
"scarcity" by using unique serial numbers (using blinding techniques
to preserve anonymity). However, this requires a "central authority" (either
on-line or via smart cards) in order to determine whether the serial number
has been already utilized and thus no longer has value.
This requires that the users trust this authority to do its job.
The "free-market" solution is to have many central authorities and allow
users to decide which ones to trust. Authorities that maintain/improve trust
will succeed, those that don't will fail. Much like banks long ago issued
their own currencies. However, this won't provide the sort of ubiquitous
trust that "Joe Six-Pack" is going to expect today.
I don't know what the solution is, but I believe resolving this issue is the
next breakthrough cypherpunks will need.

@_date: 2002-01-16 05:08:32
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: CD-RW serial numbers 
To get around the CD-RW serial-number issue should be easy.
Buy a CD-RW with cash at a computer-fest or ham (amateur-radio) swap meet.
DON'T burn anything on the CD-RW that could be traced back to you.
At the last  ham swap meet I attended there was a guy selling loads of complete DSS systems off a pallet for $35 cash (It was a reputable swap-meet, so I don't think they "fell-off " a truck).
2 rows over was another guy selling smart cards.
Another row over was a guy selling smart card programmers.
Inside a building was a guy selling "technical information" on how DSS smart cards work, including source code for "example" smartcard programs  to "test" various "features" of the DSS system.  He had big  disclaimers saying "Don't use this info for illegal purposes".
Yeah right. I wonder how many morons bought all this stuff AND STILL plugged the DSS receiver into the phone line.
Attention MPAA/RIAA: I didn't purchase anything. There's enough crap on TV as it is, and I don't need an extra 500 channels of it.

@_date: 2002-01-04 01:16:01
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
In my home town the P.O. got in a snit 'cause the local newspaper was putting its paper in people's mailboxes. Solution ? People put up separate boxes for the paper.
I think you still have to get some sort of certification from the P.O. if you want to manufacture or  sell a box to be used as a mailbox. Go figure. I always liked my friends idea of solving the green house effect by requiring everyone in the US to permanently store the junk mail they receive thus storing the CO2 in the paper (that or requring everyone to stop breathing for  5 minutes).

@_date: 2002-01-23 19:30:12
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Ecash fraud resolution 
Watch the last tape in the US Public Broadcasting Systems (PBS) series "21st Centutry Jet".
It shows the transaction between Boeing and United Airlines for the purchase of Boeing's First 777 jet.
Multiple Lawyers, Bankers, Company and Government officials spread accross the US  on a conference call to verify the money was transferred, that the registration change for the aircraft was properly filed, etc.
Even though "cash" wasn't involved, with that amount of money changing hands
both parties weren't taking any chances.

@_date: 2002-01-26 17:07:38
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: The Village Voice 
Ahhhhh! Filters are my friend once again. The Diceware stuff was interesting Jim, but  it's not worth all the other Take Care.

@_date: 2002-02-19 04:34:37
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: FBI Alerts 
Zen Master says:
If one is always on alert, then they are not on alert.

@_date: 2002-02-02 20:52:34
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: WalMart's War on NyQuil 
Still believe that the government doesn't snoop in your private life ? Read Everyone in my Family has a bad cold this week.
So my wife is in Wal-Mart and she has in her cart (among the usually household items): 1 Box of Advil Cold & Sinus (for my Wife), 1 Bottle of Children's Tyenol Cold with Cough (for our youngnest), 1 Bottle of NyQuil (for me), and 1 Bottle of Children's NyQuil (for our oldest).
She's checking out  when when the words "Limit 3" appears on the cash register display. The check-out person informs her that this is because Wal-Mart (in co-operation with law enforcement) is limiting the amount of over the counter cold remedies one can buy to prevent their use in the manufacturing of meth. A Friend of my wife's is behind in line and offers to purchase one of the cold medicines with her stuff so  my wife can check out.  The clerk says to my wife "I trust you" and let's her pay for 1 bottle as a separate Needless to say my wife was pretty embarrassed.
I've got to wonder how effective this really is, and if now my family is some sort of  "potential drug manufacturers" database with the government.

@_date: 2002-02-23 05:28:57
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: Jail Cell Cipher (modified RC4) 
Yep, I stand corrected.
Another place to check is Cyber (or is it Cypher Saber ?).  You can get it
by going to
 and hunting around.  It has a disscusion on learning
how to implement RC4.
----- Original Message -----
; Sent: Friday, February 22, 2002 10:51 PM

@_date: 2002-02-23 04:28:28
@_author: "Neil Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: Jail Cell Cipher (modified RC4) 
I believe that Ron Rivest (the R in RC4) has already created a version for
"jail-cell" use.
Pick up a copy of "Cryptonomicon" by Neal Stephenson. It's used in the book
and there is an appendix in
the back that explains the algorithm in good detail. (Stephenson calls it
"Pontifex" in the book).
It works with playing cards, that would probably be less conspicuous in Jail
than pencil and paper.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Friday, February 22, 2002 7:06 PM
had a name of jcrc4.cpp]

@_date: 2002-03-02 21:01:15
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Viability of Anonymous Reputations ? (Barrings Bank, Enron, and 
So how does one respond to comments, in light of  these current (and past) events, on the idea that no-one will be able to "trust" the reputations of anonymous brokers, sellers, or issuers.
All were supposedly trusted and respected institutions that had established track records that suddenly collapsed.
I'm most fascinated by the E-bay case where a seller of collectible ceramics was able to build quite a positive reputation and then leverage that reputation to bilk buyers out of a few hundreds of thousands of dollars.
At least we know this guy's name. In an anonymous world we wouldn't even have I suppose that the risk of fraud could be reduced by the use of  "insurers" that would have to ante up money if a party reneged on a contract (and perhaps knows the identity of that party). But what prevents that insurer from becoming an "Anderson" ?
How is our hypothetical "Joe Six-Pack" going to be able to buy into anonymous entities when   this  kind of risk is probably a certainty.

@_date: 2002-04-30 03:07:04
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Got carried away... 
I made a sign for a friend who had recently purchased a Vette. It said "please ignore, this car is just a AMC Pacer with a REALLY GOOD paint

@_date: 2002-05-10 22:46:33
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: another reason to avoid airbus: surveillance 
You mean a couple of these?   (They even make an infrared one too!)
Damn! Should have kept my mouth shut. Now I guess I'll have to leave them at home with my Leatherman Micra and my nail clippers :)

@_date: 2002-05-15 15:59:16
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Cow Obscenity and Pornography 
I don't know why this couldn't be covered under property trespass law (How exactly did you get that picture with out stepping on the owner's property ?).
However, being in the midwest and having seen the antics of the PETA/types. I can understand why someone might "propose" such a law.
Actually taking it seriously ? No.
I'd like to see a news story about someone who walked into a PETA meeting and dumped a large amount of  cockroaches, centipedes, maggots, spiders, rats, and  other "non-cute" animals to see how the attendees react (particularly some of those bubble headed blonde hollywood startlet types).
To quote a recent animated film (Hope I don't get whacked by the DMCA):
Character One: What's Eating Him ?
Character Two:  NOTHING! He's the top of the  food chain!

@_date: 2002-06-01 01:59:43
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
Bzzzzztttt! Wrong Answer !
How do you prevent some  hacker/pirate (digital rights freedom fighter) from disabling the "CopGate" (by either removing the CopChip, finding a way to bypass it, or figure out how to make it think it's in, "Government Snoop" mode ) ?
Then the watermark can be removed.
Remember it only requires ONE high-quality non-watermarked analog to digital copy to make it on the net and it's all over.

@_date: 2002-09-16 00:33:38
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Stealth network technology (courtsey of the US military ?) 
I saw a presentation from these guys at a network "dog-and-pony" show.  Based on their vague comments on its development, it sounds like they originally developed this technology for the Navy, but now are trying to commercialize Their big claim to fame is that the electronics (including the laser) are connected to an optical "antenna" by fiber so that the electronics don't have
to be exposed to the elements. They claim that their technology can cut through all but  100% fog,  when the rain is falling at 6in/hr etc. etc (This is where the vague comments about being able to communicate between ships in a storm without being detected by DF equipment were made).
The stuff is pretty expensive, however ($ 10K).

@_date: 2002-11-24 16:23:31
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Video Mules: (Was: Re: Psuedo-Private Key (eJazeera) ) 
(Referring to previous thread about capturing video.)
As I sit here looking at a 64 MB SD Card that I just picked up for $28 at my local Wally World, I was wondering why it (or it is larger capacity brethren) couldn't be used to record video  and then (after appropriate protection) Probably a lot safer than what most "mules" swallow (I see a Compact Flash card begin a little hard on the digestive track, but a SD or MMC card shouldn't been such a big deal).
I can see it now , "The new prison diet for recently arrested demonstrators: ex-lax and bran muffins!"

@_date: 2002-12-21 21:05:34
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Bruce Schneier Hullabaloo 
Uhhhh, how about.
1. Big multi-national corporation buys off politicians to pass laws to protect their business model (DMCA anyone ?)
2. Gets meter maid to enforce said law.
3. See above.
Ahhh, I see. Let's just get rid of the middle-man (government) and then the corps can take take of enforcement directly (pirate a song, get whacked).
Much more efficient I would guess.
