
@_date: 2004-06-22 11:38:26
@_author: Sherrill Botton 
@_subject: Hot Profits With UPTD Tuesday playwright 
xfkpbc pieolv
BEFORE WE CONTINUE - VERY IMPORTANT - it is Expected that UPTD will have
VERY large PR campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are
One thing is for SURE so far this year we have not profiled better company with real and stable business. Their product is uniqie So take advantage of this!!! We Believe this is our best stock pick since August 2003!!
                  UPTD*UPTD*UPTD*UPTD*UPTD  UPTD is real company producing and distributing very HOT product - The "AirVest" is the most revolutionary product to hit the motorsports industry since the helmet. An innovation in high quality safety gear the AirVest acts as a wearable airbag in the event of an accident, helping to protect the rider's chest and back from impact. AirVest is light weight, inflates in milliseconds and is reusable JUST IMAGINE OF THE DEMAND FOR SUCH PRODUCT!!!
Breaking News for UPTD:  UPTREND Receives Initial Order
   STRONG BUY! “UPTD” currently trading at $1.20 and is headed to $2.75
Company Profile:
UPTREND Corp
Symbol: UPTD
Current Price: $1.09
Rating: Undervalued
Recommendation: STRONG BUY
We Believe the SPECULATIVE NEAR TERM TARGET PRICE is - $2.79
We Believe the SPECULATIVE LONG TERM TARGET PRICE - $3.50
** This is REAL company with real products and its stock is headed up  ****
              --------->>> NEWS  <<<-
Information within this email contains "forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, goals, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be "forward looking statements."
In compliance with Section 17(b), we disclose the holding of UPTD shares prior to the publication of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares. Shares may be sold at any time, even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company. Since we own shares, there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions. Readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties, that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward- looking statements. Please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein. This newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer. All statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such. We may own, buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time. This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may include terms as "expect", "believe", "may", "will", "move","undervalued" and "intend" or similar terms. This newsletter was paid $12500 from third party to send this report. PLEASE DO YOUR OWN DUE DILIGENCE BEFORE INVESTING IN ANY PROFILED COMPANY. You may lose money from investing in Penny Stocks. To be removed from further emails send email to
01O	13	6	So that the land was not wide enough for the two of them: their property was so great that there was not room for them together.
62N	3	5	And you have knowledge that he came to take away sin: and in him there is no sin.
